http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21750 infatuation
infatuation crush
Pinch me, I'm dreaming
Missions of love. Volume 1
Avalon high
Mystery child
His favorite. Volume 8
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
Cloudburst
Oomph! : Fall in love with Preston pig!
Cynical Orange. vol. 4
The reader on the 6.27
His favorite. Volume 4
Boys be : second season. Vol. 10
Boys be : second season. Vol. 5
Reign fall : a demon princess novel
The other me
Boys be : second season. Vol. 1
The fourth Goddess
The kissing game
Did I mention I love you?
Missions of love. Volume 2
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-Chan. 6
His favorite. Volume 9
The sun is also a star
The Sigh
Hunter's heart
Charlotte street
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-Chan. 5
Yasuke, 15 years old, is about to build up the courage to confess his love to his childhood friend Akari, who’s fallen for him, too. There’s just one problem: Yasuke’s family lives in a Japanese shrine, and when he breaks the shrine’s sacred mirror, it triggers a curse, releasing the cute and well-endowed goddess of misfortune, Orihime, into the real world! Now Yasuke can’t ever be out of Orihime’s sight—if he gets too far away, he dies, and can only be brought back to life with a quick kiss from Orihime!
Ranma 1/2. 8 / [English adaptation Gerard Jones & Toshifumi Yoshida]
A taste of chlorine
Dork diaries. Holiday heartbreak
Avalon High
A nasty cat
Cirque du Soleil : worlds away
Sailor Twain : the mermaid in the Hudson
"With the geeky paradise of Amamizu-kan threatened by redevelopment plans, Tsukimi and Amars must spring into action. But the wily Inari-san and her hold on Shu forces Kuranosuke to pull out all the stops: money, blackmail, and ... fashion?! Though Amamizu-kan still struggles with Kuranosuke's stylish ways, the neighborhood fashionista has too much to lose, whether it's a hidden identity or priceless friendships. Tsukimi gets the chance to make her jellyfish dreams into a glamorous reality, but that means breaking out of her bubble! Can these misfit princesses save their castle?" -- Back cover.
Boys be : second season. Vol. 6
Boys be : second season. Vol. 7
Hello my name is Doris
Boys be : second season. Vol. 14
Boys be : second season. Vol. 8
An exciting light romance. Mel and her friends love the high school Glee Club. They can't wait to take on their rivals! But when the director falls ill are their chances ruined? Or can Mel lead her team to glory? It could be tricky, especially if romance rears its head. Particularly suitable for struggling, reluctant and dyslexic readers aged 9+ / WorldCat.
The queen of vengeance
Boys be : second season. Vol. 9
Boys be : second season. Vol. 3
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-chan. 7
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-chan. 2
P.S. I still love you
Jennifer Jones won't leave me alone
Anatomy of a disappearance
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-Chan. 4
Glee club
Diary dates
Faith & fidelity
Wrong number
Boys be : second season. Vol. 16
The first bad man : a novel
Crush
Cynical Orange. vol. 1
Boys be : second season. Vol. 2
Boys be : second season. Vol. 12
The science of happily ever after : what really matters in the quest for enduring love
The thing about luck
Boys be : second season. Vol. 15
The book of you
I loved a rogue
The boy from France
Melting Ms Frost
The scarecrows' wedding
Ishmael and the return of the Dugongs
Boys be : second season. Vol. 4
Youth in revolt
The trader's sister
Lies are a gentleman's manners
Girl friends : The complete collection. 2
Cynical Orange. vol. 2
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-chan. 3
Lola and the boy next door
Demon princess:  reign or shine
Moonthief
Firelight
Intertwined
The phantom racer
Princess jellyfish. 2
Shipwrecked
Childhood's end
Dockside at Willow Lake
Miles in love
Boys be : second season. Vol. 13
American dervish
Boys be : second season. Vol. 11
Girl friends : The complete collection. 1
A midsummer tights dream : more (boy snogging) misadventures of Tallullah Casey
Sora unchained
Princess Jellyfish. 1
Hand in hand
A loyal character dancer
Sympathy for the devil
How to talk to girls
Withering tights : the misadventures of Tallulah Casey
Trainwreck
