http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21768 European Economic Area
European Economic Area
Revisiting the European Union as empire
Retail banking in European financial integration
"The law and practice and the administration of justice in the EEC-nordic region"
New conditions for growth in Russia
Methodological problems in European and comparative law
The European Union and East Asia : an economic relationship
Local loops. How environmental management cycles contribute to local sustainability : proceedings of the European commission advanced study course on local ecoinstruments, Freiburg 15-22 May, 1999
Accord EEE : commentaires et réflexions = EWR-Abkommen : Erste Analysen = EEA agreement : comments and reflexions
European economic integration
Integration cycles in the Eurozone stock markets
Monetary policy in the countries of the European Economic Community : institutions and instruments. Supplement 1974 : Denmark, Ireland, United Kingdom
European integration : from nation-states to member states
Social rights in Europe
The law and practice and the administration of justice in the EEC-Nordic region
Activities of the EFTA surveillance authority in the fields of capital movements and financial services
Professional competition and professional power : lawyers, accountants and the social construction of markets
Making the EEA work : services and capital movements : papers delivered at an EFTA workshop in Brussels on 13 October 1993.
The coordination of healthcare in Europe : rights of insured persons and their family members under regulations (EC) No 883/2004 and (EC) No 987/2009
Experiencing European integration : transnational lives and European identity
State aids in the European Community and the European Economic Area
The European Union : multidisciplinary views
What Form of Government for the European Union and the Eurozone?
Oliver on free movement of goods in the European Union
EEC, EFTA : more than just good friends? = CEE, AELE : mariage en vue? : proceedings of the symposium organized by the College of Europe (Bruges, 30 June - 2 July 1988)
Standing committee activities in the field of transport
The European Economic Area : EEA law : a commentary on the EEA agreement
The EEA judicial system and the supreme courts of the EFTA states
Community law, national law relationship, judicial cooperation under the system of preliminary rulings
The single market and the law of banking
European economic area : EEA and EFTA agreements
Commercial policy of EEC
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
The European Economic Area
Nordic Council of Ministers : European activities 2001 : situation report 2001.
Analytiske tabeller vedrørende udenrigshandel : NIMEXE. Export = Analytische Übersichten des Aussenhandels : NIMEXE. [Ausfuhr] = Analytical tables of foreign trade : NIMEXE. Export = Tableaux analytiques du commerce extérieur : NIMEXE. Export
EFTA legal systems : An introductory guide
The European Economic Community : conservative or progressive?
Analysis of trade between the European Community and the ACP States
The law of the European Community including the EEA Agreement
Legal issues in the negotiations on a European Economic Area
Agreement on the European economic area
Financial aid to students : how are the national rules affected by the EEA agreement and the EEC treaty
Monetary policy in the countries of the European Economic Community : institutions and instruments
Finland and the European Economic Community since 1972
1992 and after
A new idea for Europe : the Schuman declaration 1950-2000
Liber amicorum in honour of Sven Norberg : a European for all seasons
The European Union and East Asia : interregional linkages in a changing global system
Retailing in the European economic area 1996
The European Union : a very short introduction
Practical guide to the use of the European Communities' scheme of generalized tariff preferences
Analytiske tabeller vedrørende udenrigshandel : NIMEXE. Import = Analytische Übersichten des Aussenhandels : NIMEXE. Import = Analytical tables of foreign trade : NIMEXE. Import = Tableaux analytiques du commerce extérieur : NIMEXE. Import
The Finnish alcohol monopoly and the European integration : The impact of the European Economic Area agreement and the possible membership of the European Communities on ALKO Ltd
Price differentials in the European Economic Space (EES)
The European Economic Area EC-EFTA : institutional aspects and financial services
Norway and the European Community : the political economy of integration
Medium-term prospects and guidelines in the Community gaz sector
Navigating by the stars : Norway, the European Economic Area and the European Union
Cases and materials : the law of the European Community including the EEA agreement
General report on the activities of the community
The Common Agricultural Policy
1993 and beyond : new strategies for the enlarged single market
Waste : annual topic update ..
The impact of 1992 on Finnish industry. Part 1, The identification of sensitive sectors
Retailing in the European economic area 1997
Insurance competition law : a handbook to the competition law of the European Union and the European Economic Area
The euro and its threat to the future of Europe
Transformation of Hungary into a market economy and economic integration with the West European economic area
The political economy of Japanese globalization
From Lisbon to Edinburgh : a way through the kaleidoscope
A Europe made of money : the emergence of the European Monetary System
Distribution agreements and the competition rules of the EEC and the EEA
Protocol adjusting the Agreement on the European Economic Area
European business
The EES and trade in manufactured goods
Abstract: Transnationalisation, group interests  and Finland's negotiations with European Union.
Summary (s. 1).
35 years of free trade in Europe : messages for the future
Research guide to instruments of European regional organizations
Brochure concerning the competition rules applicable to undertakings as contained in the EEA Agreement and their implementation by the EC Commission and the EFTA Surveillance Authority
The EFTA court : its role and function
Driving licences in the European Union and in the European Economic Area
Europe and the Nordic fringe
The development of specific locations into tourist attractions: cases from Northern Europe
The future of the Nordic labour relations
From Milan to Maastricht
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Structural reforms and stabilization policies in the euro area
Issues in education in Asia and the Pacific : an international perspective : proceedings of a conference in Hiroshima
Education in a single Europe
A decade of reforms at compulsory education level in the European Union (1984-94)
Nordic Council of Ministers European activities : situation report 2000.
Europe at sixes and sevens : the common market, the Free Trade Association and the United States
Europe's orphan : the future of the Euro and the politics of debt
Macroeconomics : a European perspective
Guide to legal aid and advice in the European Economic Area
Retailing in the European economic area : supplement to Retailing in the European single market 1993: EFTA countries
European Union and the EFTA countries : enlargement and integration
The implications of the enlargement of the European Union on the Irish information communication sector
European integration has generated a wide array of economic, political, and social opportunities beyond the nation state. European citizens are free to obtain their academic degree in Germany, earn their money in London, invest it in Luxembourg, and retire to Spain. An early theorist of European integration, Karl Deutsch expected this development to promote a collective identity and public support for European integration: by interacting across borders, Europeans would become aware of their shared values and beliefs, and eventually acquire a common 'we feeling'. Experiencing European Integration puts these expectations under scrutiny by developing a comprehensive theoretical model that helps us understand how transnational interactions relate to orientations towards European integration. An extensive analysis of survey data covering the 27 EU member states provides a thorough empirical test of transactionalist hypotheses. Findings show that individual transnationalism indeed strongly and positively influences EU support, but that only a young, wealthy, and highly educated minority take part in cross-border interactions. The book further shows that the effectiveness of transnational interactions in generating EU support is contingent on a number of factors such as their purpose and scope. Importantly, increased transnational interactions result in negative externalities among those who do not become transnationally active themselves. By discussing the implications of transnationalism for the theoretical debate and current policy, this volume will provide a unique analysis of a key dynamic of European integration.
Locations such as geodetic lines, geographical extreme points and national boundaries fascinate tourists because of their specific character, and therefore many of these have become significant tourist attractions and resources for tourism development. The aim of this paper is to conceptualize specific locations, and to analyse their development from a point or a line into a tourist attraction. In addition, the production of specific character is discussed. The transformation of specific locations into tourist attractions is approached through four cases in Northern Europe. Each of the cases is discussed using Dean MacCannell's model of sight sacralization in order to test its applicability in the empirical context. It is noted that specific locations develop into attractions in a series of stages, but the model of sight sacralization does not fully explain their transformation or their specific character. The stages may occur in different order, they can be overlapping or same stage can take place several times during the process. Furthermore, the development of specific locations does not end to the last stage of the model. It is suggested that specific locations should be approached more widely through social and political processes that influence their production and development.
General statistics : monthly bulletin
Air quality : annual topic update ..
