http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21700 transnationalism
transnationalism
Popular television in authoritarian Europe
Transnational and historical perspectives on global health, welfare and humanitarianism
In this article we introduce the on-going (2012-2014) international collaborative project Families on the Move Across Borders: Children's Perspectives on Labour Migration in Europe. First, we present the project and its aims; then, we briefly discuss the current state of migration research on families and children in order to explain how our research can contribute to a fuller inclusion of children in social analysis, not only by challenging the theoretical debates, but also through our empirically rich study. We aim to contribute to the advancement of methodology in childhood and migration studies by studying migration experiences from the child's perspective.
The dawn of neoliberal rationality in Africa in the 1980s coincided with a massive exodus of skilled Africans to the global North. Moving beyond the 'push and pull' framework that has dominated studies of this phenomenon, this collection instead looks at African transnational migrations against the backdrop of rapid and intensifying globalization. In doing so, it explores a dimension usually neglected in most accounts₂the ways in which transnationalism as a whole is largely a function of the remarkable adaptability and innovation of actual migrants.
‘Betwixt, between, or beyond?’ is the first study of contemporary black performance poetry from the viewpoint of transnational American Studies. It investigates a vast array of performances ranging from online recordings to political rallies to the poetry slam and Broadway stage. Black poets discussed come from diverse personal and cultural backgrounds and include, e.g., Patricia Smith, Staceyann Chin, Taalam Acey, Bryonn Bain, and Tshaka Campbell. Developing an approach rooted in anthropological, ethnographic, and theatrical perceptions of performance, the study explores poetry as a liminal site of negotiation, scrutinizes its relationship to national and cultural formations, and addresses issues such as the black experience; memory; identity; and the construction of (imagined) communities. Fusing concepts of African American Studies and Performance Studies with critical questions triggered by the transnational paradigm, the study insists on the participation of black performance poetry in (trans)national processes and highlights its cultural implications and socio-political performativity.
Transnational perspectives on graphic narratives : comics at the crossroads
Between two countries : Estonian immigrants' identity construction in Finland
Cornbread and cuchifritos : ethnic identity politics, transnationalization, and transculturation in American urban popular music
Made in India : decolonizations, queer sexualities, trans/national projects
Border-crossings : narrative and demarcation in postcolonial literatures and media
Summary : Translocal belonging? Dimensions of Finnishness in Åland.
Making things international, 2. Catalysts and reactions
Literature of the global age : a critical study of transcultural narratives
Re-thinking Europe : literature and (trans)national identity
This edited book uses migrant marginality to problematize several different aspects of global migration. It examines how many different societies have defined their national identities, cultural values and terms of political membership through (and in opposition to) constructions of migrants and migration. The book includes case studies from Western and Eastern Europe, North America and the Caribbean. It is organized into thematic sections that illustrate how different aspects of migrant marginality have unfolded across several national contexts.
The museum is open : towards a transnational history of museums 1750-1940
Bollywood's India : Hindi cinema as a guide to contemporary India
Norway, Sweden, and Denmark are home to more than 90,000 transnational adoptees of Scandinavian parents raised in a predominantly white environment. This ethnography provides a unique perspective on how these transracial adoptees conceptualize and construct their sense of identity along the intersection of ethnicity, family, and national lines.
Migration and transformation : multi-level analysis of migrant transnationalism
Increasing interconnections between nation-states across borders have made the transnational a key tool for understanding our world. It has made particularly strong contributions to immigration studies and holds great promise for deepening insights into international migration. This is the first book to provide an accessible yet rigorous overview of transnational migration, as experienced by family and kinship groups, networks of entrepreneurs, diasporas, and immigrant associations. As well as defining the core concept, the book explores its implications for immigrant incorporation, and its relationship to assimilation. By examining the political, economic, social, and cultural dimensions of transnational migration, the authors capture the distinctive features of the new immigrant communities that have reshaped the ethno-cultural mix of receiving nations, including the US, Canada, Australia and Western Europe. Importantly, the book also examines the effects of transnationality on sending communities, viewing migrants as agents of political and economic development.
Interculturalism in North America : Canada, the United States, Mexico, and beyond
Transnational transcendence : essays on religion and globalization
Traversing transnationalism : the horizons of literary and cultural studies
American studies today : new research agendas
Transnational migration
Africa in Europe : studies in transnational practice in the long twentieth century
Transnational women's fiction : unsettling home and homeland
Angel Rama was one of twentieth-century Latin America's most distinguished men of letters. Writing across Cultures is his comprehensive analysis of the varied sources of Latin American literature. Originally published in 1982, the book links Rama's work on Spanish American modernism with his arguments about the innovative nature of regionalist literature, and it foregrounds his thinking about the close relationship between literary movements, such as modernism or regionalism, and global trends in social and economic development. In Writing across Cultures Rama extends the Cuban anthropologist Fernando Ortiz's theory of transculturation far beyond Cuba, bringing it to bear on regional cultures across Latin America, where new cultural arrangements have been forming among indigenous, African, and European societies for the better part of five centuries. He applies the concept to the work of the Peruvian novelist, poet, and anthropologist Jose Maria Arguedas, whose writing drew on both Spanish and Quechua, Peru's two major languages and, by extension, cultures. Rama considered Arguedas's novel Los rios profundos the most accomplished example of narrative transculturation in Latin America. Writing across Cultures is the second of Rama's books to be translated into English.
Hybrid identities : theoretical and empirical examinations
Writing across cultures : narrative transculturation in Latin America
Indigenous cosmopolitans : transnational and transcultural indigeneity in the twenty-first century
Transnationalism in the global city
European integration has generated a wide array of economic, political, and social opportunities beyond the nation state. European citizens are free to obtain their academic degree in Germany, earn their money in London, invest it in Luxembourg, and retire to Spain. An early theorist of European integration, Karl Deutsch expected this development to promote a collective identity and public support for European integration: by interacting across borders, Europeans would become aware of their shared values and beliefs, and eventually acquire a common 'we feeling'. Experiencing European Integration puts these expectations under scrutiny by developing a comprehensive theoretical model that helps us understand how transnational interactions relate to orientations towards European integration. An extensive analysis of survey data covering the 27 EU member states provides a thorough empirical test of transactionalist hypotheses. Findings show that individual transnationalism indeed strongly and positively influences EU support, but that only a young, wealthy, and highly educated minority take part in cross-border interactions. The book further shows that the effectiveness of transnational interactions in generating EU support is contingent on a number of factors such as their purpose and scope. Importantly, increased transnational interactions result in negative externalities among those who do not become transnationally active themselves. By discussing the implications of transnationalism for the theoretical debate and current policy, this volume will provide a unique analysis of a key dynamic of European integration.
Transnationalism and society : an introduction
Globalised minds, roots in the city : urban upper-middle classes in Europe
The European crisis and the transformation of transnational governance : authoritarian managerialism versus democratic governance
Experiencing European integration : transnational lives and European identity
Narrating indigenous modernities : transcultural dimensions in contemporary Māori literature
This study examines the phenomenon of the post-civil war Anglophone Lebanese fictional narrative by exploring the permutations of ‘homeness’ - the different spaces (homeland, host country, geographical in-betweenness), mental states and ideals - and how all of these interact. It also demonstrates how a collection of stylistically diverse texts characterise a new cultural trend: the founding of a fully fledged variant of foreign-language Lebanese transnational literature in the diaspora. The eleven texts, many of which have reaped international awards, are by Rabih Alameddine, Rawi Hage, Tony Hanania, Patricia Sarrafian Ward, Nathalie Abi-Ezzi, and Nada Awar Jarrar. These authors experienced segments of the Lebanese Civil War (1975-1990) as children and adolescents, as well as uprootedness later on. In their fictions, they reflect on what it means to be Lebanese, both in the post-war period and in an increasingly globalised world. No single definition of home materialises; instead personal and national identities are questioned and an array of possibilities for feeling at home are presented, and are reformulated, as their characters move from childhood to adulthood, from peace to war, and in most instances, from Lebanon to elsewhere, and sometimes from elsewhere back to Lebanon in various scenarios.
Hauptbeschreibung 'Revolving-Door Life Writing' is about selected Puerto Rican female (im)migrant authors and filmmakers on the East Coast of the United States. The focus of this study lies on the hybrid and partly transnational cultural identities of these life writers. Since Nuyorican and ""NuRican"" life writing undermines the given context of the (neo-)colonial status, decisive attempts at decolonisation take place. The authors use the rather subversive strategy of jaibaría, a Puerto Rican folk tactic; the filmmakers are more overt with their tools of directness voiced in confrontation and provocation.
The beginning of the 21st century has witnessed distinctive examples of a global politicized Islam: Islamic controversies originating in the actions of non-Muslims. The most important of these has been the 'cartoon crisis', originating in the cartoons of Mohammad published by the Danish Jyllands-Posten . The article describes and analyzes the reactions of Muslims as they developed in the context of the cartoon crisis. The significance of the Islamic public sphere in understanding the crisis is discussed in theoretical terms. It is argued that the crisis demonstrated the significance of a mass effect as a prducer of global Islam, of the struggle for control of public sphere, and of the creation of counter-publics. The analysis deals with the nature of the political activity connected to the crisis. Themes discussed in the article include the politics of recognition, community victimization, the principle of collective responsibility, and processual politics.
Horizons of enchantment : essays in the American imaginary
The Barents Region : a transnational history of subarctic Nothern Europe
Conceptualising continuity : an material culture perspective on transnational social fields
Habaneros and shwarma : Jewish Mexicans in Israel as a transnational community
Diasporas, cultures of mobilities, 'race'. 1, Diasporas and cultures of migrations
The long space : transnationalism and postcolonial form
Youth, space and time : agoras and chronotopes in the global city
Transnational adoption, technologies of exclusion, and the promise of 'home'
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Hip-hop in Europe : cultural identities and transnational flows
International artists-in-residence 1990-2010 : mobility, technology and identity in everyday art practices
"Drawing widely from contemporary social and critical thought, Making Things International 2 offers provocative interventions into debates about causality, connection, and politics through the notion of assemblage. Political assemblages, especially those that cross national borders, can be catalyzed by a host of surprising sparks. Present-day global systems are complex and interdependent, but the worn tools of traditional international relations theory are unsuited to the task of understanding how objects, ideas, and people come together to create, dispute, solve, or perhaps cause these political configurations. Contributors to this volume bring to their work a new sensitivity toward issues of power, authority, control, and sovereignty. The companion volume, Making Things International 1: Circuits and Motion, used things, stuff, and objects in motion to capture the material dynamics of global politics and to demonstrate the importance of the material.This volume builds on that conversation by examining objects that incite political assemblages. Specific subjects include fighter jets, smartphones, tents, HTTP cookies, representations of North Korea, and histories of the diplomatic cable, the orange prison jumpsuit, and container shipping. Contributors: Rune Saugmann Andersen, U of Helsinki; Josef Teboho Ansorge; Claudia Aradau, King's College London; Helen Arfvidsson; Alexander D. Barder, Florida International U; Tarak Barkawi, London School of Economics; Peter Chambers; Shine Choi, Seoul National U; Sagi Cohen; Thomas N.Cooke; Anna Feigenbaum, Bournemouth U; Andreas Folkers, Goethe-U Frankfurt; Fabian Frenzel, U of Leicester; Kyle Grayson, Newcastle U; Nicky Gregson, Durham U; David Grondin, U of Ottawa; Xavier Guillaume, U of Edinburgh; Emily Lindsay Jackson, Acadia U; Miguel de Larrinaga, U of Ottawa; Debbie Lisle, Queen's U Belfast; Mary Manjikian, Regent U; Nadine Marquardt, Goethe-U Frankfurt; Patrick McCurdy, U of Ottawa; Adam Sandor; Nisha Shah, U of Ottawa; Julian Stenmanns, Goethe-U Frankfurt; Casper Sylvest, U of Southern Denmark; Rens van Munster, Danish Institute for International Studies; Elspeth Van Veeren, U of Bristol; Srdjan Vucetic, U of Ottawa; Juha A. Vuori, U of Turku; Tobias Wille. "--
Balkan memories : media constructions of national and transnational history
Virtually American? : denationalizing North American studies
Conceiving cosmopolitanism : theory, context and practice
Regional and transnational history of Europe : a Cliohworld reader
Strings attached : AIDS and the rise of transnational connections in Africa
Helsinki in transnational historical perspectives
Transnational marriage : new perspectives from Europe and beyond
"This book focuses on the diverse interrelationships between aging and transnationalism. It argues that the lives of older people are increasingly entangled in transnational contexts on the social as well as the cultural, economic and political levels. Within these contexts, older people both actively contribute to and are affected by border-crossing processes. In addition, while some may voluntarily opt for adding a transnational dimension to their lives, others may have less choice in the matter. Transnational aging, therefore, provides a critical lens on how older people shape, organize and cope with life in contexts that are no longer bound to the frame of a single nation-state. Accordingly, the book emphasizes the agency of older people as well as the personal and structural constraints of their situations. The chapters in this book reveal these aspects by approaching transnational aging from different methodological angles, such as ethnographic research, comparative studies, quantitative data, and policy and discourse analysis. Geographically, the chapters cover a wide range of countries in Africa, Asia, Europe, North and South America, such as Namibia, Thailand, Russia, Germany, the United States and Ecuador"--
In Transcultural Writers and Novels in the Age of Global Mobility, Arianna Dagnino analyzes a new type of literature emerging from artists’ increased movement and cultural flows spawned by globalization. This "transcultural" literature is produced by authors who write across cultural and national boundaries and who transcend in their lives and creative production the borders of a single culture. Dagnino's book contains a creative rendition of interviews conducted with five internationally renowned writers—Inez Baranay, Brian Castro, Alberto Manguel, Tim Parks, and Ilija Trojanow—and a critical exegesis reflecting on thematical, critical, and stylistical aspects.
Most theories of material culture, transnationalism, and globalization have failed to incorporate a focus on emotions even though an increasing number of scholars in recent years have explored emotion-dense processes. This book fills the gap and examines how emotions can be theorized and serve as a useful analytical tool for understanding the interrelated mobility of humans, objects, and images. Through diverse, ethnographically rich and theoretically grounded case studies, these chapters offer new perspectives that relate migration, material culture, and emotions by addressing: the ways in which migrants and migrant artists express their emotions through objects and images in transnational contexts; the ways in which particular works of art, everyday objects, and artifacts evoke specific feelings in migrants and members of migrant communities; and the ways in which artists, academics, and policy makers may stimulate positive interaction between migrants and members of local communities.
Transnational mobility and the formation of sense of place : a case of exhange students at the University of Helsinki
Ethnicities : metropolitan cultures and ethnic identities in the Americas
Everyday practices of translocal families : Estonian children and a sense in being-in-place
Hybrid cultures - nervous states : Britain and Germany in a (post)colonial world
Fielding transnationalism
Migrant marginality : a transnational perspective
Multiculturalism in East Asia : a transnational exploration of Japan, South Korea and Taiwan
Transnational encounters : music and performance at the U.S.-Mexico border
The volume explores the state of contemporary American Studies in the light of recent developments and currently emerging perspectives of research. Featuring contributions by leading American Studies scholars from the German-speaking world, the collection of essays represents a broad spectrum of thematic, theoretical and methodological approaches that constitute major research agendas within current American Studies. It also includes contributions by renowned colleagues from the U.S. which provide a transatlantic framework of scholarly debate. In line with the original, dialogic conference for.
Exploring multicultural belonging : individual across cultures, languages and places
Second-generation transnationalism and roots migration : cross-border lives
A sea for encounters : essays towards a postcolonial commonwealth / edited by Stella Borg Barthet
Informal learning in a transnational setting : exploring learning spaces of people migrating between Estonia and Finland
Transnational cinema : the film reader
Cinema at the periphery
The Black Atlantic Reconsidered is the first comprehensive work to explore black Canadian literature from its beginnings to the present in the broader context of the black Atlantic world. Winfried Siemerling traces the evolution of black Canadian witnessing and writing from slave testimony in New France and the 1783 “Book of Negroes” through the work of contemporary black Canadian writers including George Elliott Clarke, Austin Clarke, Dionne Brand, David Chariandy, Wayde Compton, Esi Edugyan, Marlene NourbeSe Philip, and Lawrence Hill. Arguing that black writing in Canada is deeply imbricated in a historic transnational network, Siemerling explores the powerful presence of black Canadian history, slavery, and the Underground Railroad, and the black diaspora in the work of these authors. Individual chapters examine the literature that has emerged from Quebec, Nova Scotia, the Prairies, and British Columbia, with attention to writing in both English and French.
The transnational in English literature : Shakespeare to the modern
Gone with the wind? ; immigrant women and transnational everyday life in Finland
Diasporas : concepts, intersections, indentities
Transnational political spaces : agents, structures, encounters
Americas' worlds and the world's Americas / : = Les mondes des Amériques et les Amériques du monde
Transnational aging : current insights and future challenges
Introduction : transnational processes and practices in the everyday lives of migrants and non-migrants in Europe
Ties to the homeland : second generation transnationalism
Betwixt, between, or beyond? : negotiating transformations from the liminal sphere of contemporary black performance poetry
Changing currents : transnational Caribbean literary and cultural criticism
Exit : endings and new beginnings in literature and life
Diaspora and Transnationalism : Concepts, Theories and Methods
Globalized Islam in Europe : the cartoon crisis as transnational politics
"This critical text examines eight novels from eight cultures. The writers discussed are Julian Barnes, Magda Szabo, Abraham B. Yehoshua, Ian McEwan, W.G. Sebald, Murakami Haruki, Jonathan Safran Foer, and Azar Nafisi. Focusing on the authors' encouragement to meditate on life's most pressing issues, the essays here invite us to reevaluate postmodernism as a current category"--Provided by publisher.
This volume examines the evolution of the concept of diaspora since the advent of Diaspora Studies in the 90s, specifically vis-à-vis other concepts: transnationalism, cosmopolitanism, creolization. The essays depict the discontinuities of diasporic experience, but also its ongoing negotiations. Building on transatlantic, gender studies and queer theory, they address the theoretical turn when sexual difference is taken into account and gender troubled. Allying theory and case studies, covering diasporas as diverse as the African, Caribbean, Palestinian, South and South-East Asian diasporas, the dispersion of Romas, the spaces of the Indian Ocean, South Africa and New Zealand, this volume promotes another diasporic model: multidirectional, plural and global. It finds in literature and film tools to think the ‘super-diversity’ and the contradictions of our global world.
This anthology brings together a series of essays on transnational themes and methodological approaches pertaining to the historical study of global health, welfare and humanitarianism. The essays on topics ranging from missions to methods offer a more nuanced understanding of the interconnectedness and evolving nature of global charitable work, as well as its contribution as an historical antecedent of contemporary (secular) notions of ‘global citizenship’ and global health. Written by and about northern Europeans and North Americans interested in transnational knowledge exchanges in Africa, Asia and the Middle East, these essays reflect the complex ways in which both historians and their subjects transverse(d) national, gendered, racial and religious boundaries. Through them, the authors open up new questions about the nature of transnationalism (and transnational research) itself.
Distant Love : personal life in the global age
Constructing Yugoslavia : a transnational history
Cosmopolitics : thinking and feeling beyond the nation
Postcolonial theory in the global age : interdisciplinary essays
Click and Kin is an interdisciplinary examination of how our increasingly mobile and networked age is changing the experience of kinship and connection. Focusing on how identity formation is affected by quick media such as instant messaging, video chat, and social networks, the contributors to this collection use ethnographic and textual analyses, as well as autobiographical approaches, to demonstrate the ways in which the ability to communicate across national boundaries is transforming how we grow together and apart as families, communities, and nations.
"Transnational spatial relations offer a key point from which to study the geographies of contemporary globalization. This book assesses the possible cross-fertilization between two of the most notable analytical frameworks in this area: the world city network (WCN) framework, in which researchers have studied the emergence of a globalized urban system; and secondly, the global commodity chain (GCC) framework, in which researchers have scrutinized the interconnected functions, operations and transactions through which specific goods are produced, distributed and consumed in a globalized economy. Both literatures have emerged as critiques of conventional, state-centric social science interpretations of their subject matters, and they both propose what might be called 'global network alternatives'. Bringing together contributions of key researchers from human geography, economics, and sociology, the editors take advantage of this parallel to investigate how both models may benefit from each other"--
Roma "culture clash"? : finnish Roma representatives on Roma migrants, Roma identity and transnational mobilization
English in the Indian diaspora
National dreams and rude awakenings : essays on American literature, from the Puritans to the postmodern
Imagining the global : transnational media and popular culture beyond East and West
"This book provides an introduction to the social and cultural aspects of transnationalism, focusing on the modern world since 1500, with an emphasis on the past 200 years. Topics include migration, development of cities, effect of transnationalism on marriage and families, the presence of transnational corporations, dress, religion and art. A key text for understanding our transnational world"--Provided by publisher.
"So that's like one of the most important things to open my mind: to see the world as a neighbor instead of separate people" : transnationalism in migrant narratives
The transnationalism of American culture : literature, film, and music
Transnationalism and urbanism
Conceptualisation of transnational remittances as social capital (re)production : the case of the somali diaspora in Finland
The creolization of theory
Revolving-door life writing : literature and cinema of Puerto Rican women
Transcultural writers and novels in the age of global mobility
Mediated discourses of transnational participation : a study of some discursive aspects of transnational networking
Does transnational family background foster territorial self-identification and cross-border interactions among EU citizens? : a quantitative analysis of the relationship between European identity, transnational interactions, and transnational family background
This book discusses the extent to which the theoretical relevance and analytical rigor of the concept of the public sphere is affected by current processes of transnationalization. The contributions address fundamental questions concerning the viability of a socially and politically effective public sphere in a post-Westphalian world.
Globalization and social movements : Islamism, feminism, and the global justice movement
Transnational Africa and globalization
Constructing transnational and transracial identity : adoption and belonging in Sweden, Norway, and Denmark
Fielding Transnationalism presents a collection of original essays that explore the promises of the theory of social fields, a concept advanced most prominently by Pierre Bourdieu, for the analysis of global relations. Features contributions from leading experts who scrutinize how transnational relationships in different areas are shaped by field dynamics Draws on case studies ranging from the fields of religion, journalism, human rights, the social sciences, imperial governance, and the arts to the European Central Bank Combines theoretical discussion with empirical approaches to provide an essential teaching resource on global issues Offers a conceptual toolkit for researchers concerned with international and transnational phenomena across the social sciences.
Commodity chains and world cities
Transnationalizing the public sphere
World cinemas, transnational perspectives
Gender, agency, and coercion
The black Atlantic reconsidered : black Canadian writing, cultural history, and the presence of the past
Moving subjects, moving objects : transnationalism, cultural production and emotions
"The Transnational in English Literature examines English literary history through its transnational engagements and argues that every period of English Literature can be examined through its global relations. English identity and nationhood is therefore defined through its negotiation with other regions and cultures. The first book to look at the entirety of English literature through a transnational lens, Pramod Nayar: - Maps the discourses that constitute the global in every age, from the Early Modern to the twentieth century - Offers readings of representative texts in poetry, fiction, essay and drama, covering a variety of genres such as Early Modern tragedy, the adventure novel, the narrative poem, Gothic and utopian fiction - Examines major authors including Shakespeare, Defoe, Behn, Swift, Coleridge, Wordsworth, Austen, Mary Shelley, the Brontes, Doyle, Ballantyne, Orwell, Conrad, Kipling, Forster - Looks at themes such as travel and discovery, exoticism, mercantilism, commodities, the civilisational mission and the multiculturalization of England. Useful for students and academics alike this book offers a comprehensive survey of the English canon questioning and analysing the transnational and global engagements of English literature. Pramod K. Nayar teaches English at the University of Hyderabad, India"--
Transnational Spaces in the Virtual World : Dominican Migrant Communities in the Social Media
Transnational families in the making : the Polish experience of living between Poland and Finland during and after the Cold War
Migration, development, and transnationalization : : a critical stance
Electric Santería : racial and sexual assemblages of transnational religion
Global tangos : travels in the transnational imaginary
Dislocations of civic cultural borderlines : methodological nationalism, transnational reality and cosmopolitan dreams
The making of migrant subjectivities : time and intersectionality in the transnational everyday lives of Latin American women in Barcelona
Ungrounded empires : the cultural politics of modern Chinese transnationalism
Rethinking the public sphere through transnationalizing processes : Europe and beyond
World citizenship : allegiance to humanity
Re-framing the transnational turn in American studies
Writing back through our mothers : a transnational feminist study on the woman's historical novel
South Asian transnationalisms : cultural exchange in the twentieth century
Families on the move in Europe : children's perspectives
Complications in family reunification
The significance of borders : why representative government and the rule of law require nation states
The transnational political participation of immigrants : a transatlantic perspective
Click and kin : transnational identity and quick media
Media movements : civil society and media policy reform in Latin America
On the border : transborder mobility, ethnic groups and boundaries along the Albanian-Greek frontier
Unreliable truths : transcultural homeworlds in Indian women's fiction of the diaspora
Dismantling diasporas : rethinking the geographies of diasporic identity, connection and development
Modernism and the new Spain : Britain, cosmopolitan Europe, and literary history
Post-war anglophone Lebanese fiction : home matters in the diaspora
This volume focuses on religious, historical, literary, cultural and political models, developed in America, for the realization and representation of American lives. These original articles demonstrate the importance of different forms of life writing for the disciplines of American Studies. Experts in the field such as literary and cultural critics Sidonie Smith, Craig Howes, Birgit Däwes, historian Thomas Bender, and writer critic Siri Hustvedt among others cover the wide range of the presentation and performance of selves in colonial literature, nature writing, immigrant and campaign auto/biographies, religion, film, TV series, rap music, graphic presentations, comics, and sports. Adressing the transnational self-affirmations of American citizens in Hawai'i, the Caribbean islands, on reservations, and in urban ghettos they represent the diversified panorama of American lives.
Caribbeing : comparing Caribbean literatures and cultures
"An examination of multiculturalism in East Asia using a transnational approach. The collection focuses in on Japan, Korea and Taiwan to examine key issues including policy, racial discourse, subjectivity and the implications for established ethic minority communities"--Provided by publisher.
In The Familiar Made Strange, twelve distinguished historians offer original and playful readings of American icons and artifacts that cut across rather than stop at the nation's borders to model new interpretive approaches to studying United States history. These leading practitioners of the "transnational turn" pause to consider such famous icons as John Singleton Copley's painting Watson and the Shark, Alfred Eisenstaedt's photograph V-J Day, 1945, Times Square, and Alfred Kinsey's reports on sexual behavior, as well as more surprising but revealing artifacts like Josephine Baker's banana skirt and William Howard Taft's underpants. Together, they present a road map to the varying scales, angles and methods of transnational analysis that shed light on American politics, empire, gender, and the operation of power in everyday life.
The Barents region comprises the northernmost parts of Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia. It was established in 1993 as a result of the disintegration of the Soviet Union, and it is also the first macroregion to move beyond the Cold War’s Iron Curtain. This book provides a research-based history of the Barents Region from 800-2010 written by 27history researcher within the thirteenth sub-regions of the Barents Region. It is suitable as a course book in history for students at university level, but also for social sciences and for others interested in the comparative transnational history of northern Russia and northern Scandinavia. Six million people live in the Barents Region. The authors tell the history of the regional development in four nation states, bridging the gap between Russia and the Nordic countries in terms of ethnicity, religion, cultural content, political systems, economies and different stages of modernisation. The account starts with the history of independent ethnic groups in a common area. From the ninth century we can see tendencies towards an integration of the northernmost areas of Europe into larger political structures, culminating in early state formations such as the merchant republic of Novgorod and the kingdoms of Norway and Sweden. The focus is on comparative transnational aspects of history through stages of rivalry and co-operation. It is also the history of the many minorities and nationalities moving cross borders of different kinds. As is the case with nations, there are different understandings of what constitutes a region. Are regions deeply grounded in history and culture or are they created by actors for instrumental reasons? The Barents Region is the prototype of a region made by concrete actors for political purposes, but the historical account shows that there were transnational contacts even before this novel political construction came into being. In the concluding chapter the reader will find reflections on what kind of region the Barents Region invented in 1993 really is.
Ethnic literatures and transnationalism : critical imaginaries for a global age
Living American studies
Recent debates have used the concept of "transnational history" to broaden research on historical subjects that transcend national boundaries and encourage a shift away from official inter-state interactions to institutions, groups, and actors that have been obscured. This approach proves particularly fruitful for the dynamic field of global gender and women's history. By looking at the restless lives and work of women's activists in informal border-crossings, ephemeral NGOs, the lower management of established international organizations, and other global networks, this volume reflects the potential of a new perspective that allows for a more adequate analysis of transnational activities. By pointing out cultural hierarchies, the vicissitudes of translation and re-interpretation, and the ambiguity of intercultural exchange, this volume demonstrates the critical potential of transnational history. It allows us to see the limits of universalist and cosmopolitan claims so dear to many historical actors and historians.
Travel writing and the transnational author
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
Postcolonial studies : an anthology
Circular migration between Guatemala and Canada : perspectives of migrant workers
Hybridity : forms and figures in literature and the visual arts
The pan american imagination : contested visions of the hemisphere in twentieth-century literature
"As new comparative perspectives on race and ethnicity open up, scholars are identifying and exploring fresh topics and questions in an effort to reconceptualize ethnic studies and draw attention to nation-based approaches that may have previously been ignored. This volume, by recognizing the complexity of cultural production in both its diasporic and national contexts, seeks a nuanced critical approach in order to look ahead to the future of transnational literary studies. The majority of the chapters, written by literary and ethnic studies scholars, analyze ethnic literatures of the United States which, given the nation's history of slavery and immigration, form an integral part of mainstream American literature today. While the primary focus is literary, the chapters analyze their specific topics from perspectives drawn from several disciplines, including cultural studies and history. This book is an exciting and insightful resource for scholars with interests in transnationalism, American literature and ethnic studies."--
This is the first collection of essays to take a pan-European perspective in the study of hip-hop. How has it travelled to Europe? How has it developed in the various cultural contexts and how does it reference the American cultures of origin? The 21 authors and artists provide a comprehensive overview of hip-hop cultures in Europe from the fringes to the centers. They address hip-hop in a variety of contexts such as class, ethnicity, gender, history, pedagogy, performance, and (post)-communism.
Beyond sovereignty : Britain, empire, and transnationalism, c. 1880-1950
American lives
Kinship, migrations and the state
Bringing together an international group of scholars, this collection offers a fresh assessment of Kazuo Ishiguroa (TM)s evolving significance as a contemporary world author. The contributors take on a range of the aesthetic and philosophical themes that characterize Ishiguroa (TM)s work, including his exploration of the self, family, and community; his narrative constructions of time and space; and his assessments of the continuous and discontinuous forces of history, art, human psychology, and cultural formations. Significantly, the volume attends to Ishiguroa (TM)s own self-identification as an international writer who has at times expressed his uneasiness with being grouped together with British novelists of his generation. Taken together, these rich considerations of Ishiguroa (TM)s work attest to his stature as a writer who continues to fascinate cultural and textual critics from around the world.
Handbook on East Asian social policy
"The individual contributions to this volume, capped by a useful critical introduction, provoke thought towards a more disciplinarily-open and affectively-engaged theory, one that is alert to the shifting transnational flows and changing regional realities of our global era"--Professor Robbie B. H. Goh, National University of Singapore".
Co-ethnic migrations compared : Central and Eastern European contexts
Regulatory transformations : rethinking economy-society interactions
Unexpected power : conflict and change among transnational activists
Transnational Americas : envisioning inter-American area studies in globalization processes
Transnational perspectives on culture, policy, and education : redirecting cultural studies in neoliberal times
Globalized Islam in Europe: the cartoon crisis as transnational politics
The media use of ethiopians in Finland
Religious life in a Finnish retirement migrant community : diasporic and transnational perspectives
Scope and content: "The Global Atlantic provides a concise, lively overview of the complex and diverse history of the greater Atlantic region from 1400 to 1900. During this period, the lands around the Atlantic basin--Europe, Africa, and the Americas--became deeply interconnected in networks of trade, cultural exchange, and geopolitics that reshaped these regions and the world beyond. In this accessible and engaging text, Christoph Strobel integrates the Atlantic into world history, showing that the Atlantic oceanic system was always interlinked with the rest of globe"--Provided by publisher.
Religious agency, travel and memory : transnational Islam of Senegalese Murids in Helsinki
Rohinton Mistry : ethnic enclosures and transcultural spaces
Contemporary Arab-American literature : transnational reconfigurations of citizenship and belonging
Transnationalization of academic capitalism through global production networks
Transnational European Union : towards a common political space
The global Atlantic : 1400 to 1900
A fluid sense of self : the politics of transnational identity
Anthropological perspectives on care : work, kinship, and the life-course
Global processes, local strategies : migration of educated Dominicans
Crossing boundaries : ethnicity, race, and national belonging in a transnational world
Transnational private governance and its limits
Bordering with culture(s) : Europeanization and cultural agency at the external border of the European Union
Transnational borderlands in women's global networks : the making of cultural resistance
Migration and organized civil society : rethinking national policy
Money has no smell : the Africanization of New York City
Connecting histories of education : transnational and cross-cultural exchanges in (post-)colonial education
Art and visibility in migratory culture : conflict, resistance, and agency
New dimensions of diversity in Nordic culture and society
Francophone Sub-Saharan African literature in global contexts
Cultural globalization and music : African artists in transnational networks
Gender history in a transnational perspective : networks, biographies, gender orders
Fundamentalism : ethnographies on minorities, discrimination and transnationalism
Transnational responsibilities and multi-sited strategies : voluntary associations of Somali diaspora in Finland
The familiar made strange : American icons and artifacts after the transnational turn
Tradition and change in contemporary West and East African fiction
Transnational television in Europe : reconfiguring global communications networks
Gringo Gulch : sex, tourism, and social mobility in Costa Rica
The immigrant other : lived experiences in a transnational world
Care and connectivity in labour migration
From wide-ranging overviews of the entire region to close readings of specific works, this volume opens a fascinating window on the literatures and cultures of the Caribbean, covering texts in the multiplicity of languages used in the wider Caribbean: Spanish, English, French, Dutch, Portuguese, and the regions many creoles. Authors and works discussed range from luminaries such as Derek Walcott to hitherto practically unknown works in Antillean creole languages. Underlying is the idea to foster the study of the Caribbean literary, artistic and visual text through a comparative lens, a firm proposal to think beyond the persisting linguistic barriers and scholarly divides in the field. As such, this book brings a new approach to the Caribbean embracing the regions linguistic multiplicity and complexity without eschewing the many theoretical challenges and obstacles such a scholarly endeavor entails. Because of its ample scope this book will appeal to scholars and students working on the Caribbean and Latin America, but also to those interested in the broader fields of postcolonial and cultural studies.
The standard analytical category of "national cinema" has increasingly been called into question by the category of the "transnational." This anthology examines the premises and consequences of the coexistence of these two categories and the parameters of historiographical approaches that cross the borders of nation-states. The three sections of World Cinemas, Transnational Perspectives cover the geopolitical imaginary, transnational cinematic institutions, and the uneven flow of words and images.
The Arabian nights in transnational perspective
Justification of migration, return migration and settlement : cases of foreign European students in Finland
Contested views of a common past : revisions of history in contemporary East Asia
Locating transnational ideals
Transnational and postcolonial vampires : dark blood
Literature, geography, translation : studies in world writing
The constitutional protection of capitalism
Transnationalism, remittances and asymmetries : multi-local family ties of Senegambian migrants in Finland
Cultural studies of transnationalism
Undermining methodological nationalism : histoire croisée of concepts as transnational history
Transnational lives and the media : Re-imagining diaspora
Legislating the blind spot : the EU seal regime and the Newfoundland seal hunt
Rethinking ethnography in Central Europe
