http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2173 cognitive linguistics
cognitive linguistics
A cognitive theory of style
Aspects of cognitive ethnolinguistics
Cognitive Onomastics : a reader
Language in mind : advances in the study of language and thought
Pinker's seminal research explores the workings of language and its connections to cognition, perception, social relationships, child development, human evolution, and theories of human nature. This eclectic collection spans Pinker's thirty-year career, exploring his favorite themes in greater depth and scientific detail. It includes thirteen of Pinker's classic articles, ranging over topics such as language development in children, mental imagery, the recognition of shapes, the computational architecture of the mind, the meaning and uses of verbs, the evolution of language and cognition, the nature-nurture debate, and the logic of innuendo and euphemism. Each outlines a major theory or takes up an argument with another prominent scholar, such as Stephen Jay Gould, Noam Chomsky, or Richard Dawkins.
Emotions in crosslinguistic perspective
The ontogenetic development of literal and metaphorical space in language
Re-viewing space : figurative language in architects' assessment of built space
Linguistic categorization : prototypes in linguistic theory
Cognitive linguistics : convergence and expansion
Body, language and mind. Vol. 2, Sociocultural situatedness
An introduction to mind, consciousness and language
Cognitive poetics : goals, gains, and gaps
Cognitive changes in reader-evoked frames : culture-specific references in Edna O'Brien's The Country Girls and its Finnish translation
Slavic linguistics in a cognitive framework
Mouton classics : from syntax to cognition, from phonology to text. Vol. 2.
Figurative language in the house of commons : a study of conceptual metaphor in political debates in the United Kingdom Parliament
Concept, image, and symbol : the cognitive basis of grammar
Function of metaphors : from a cognitive and systemic-functional view towards multisemiotics
The language organ : linguistics as cognitive physiology
Âzyki i transnacional'nye problemy : materialy I meždunarodnoj naučnoj konferencii 22-24 aprelâ 2004 goda = Languages and Transnational Problems
Selected readings in Russian terminology research
Pattern and process : a Whiteheadian perspective on linquistics
Cognitive neuroscience of language
A glossary of cognitive linguistics
Sprache und Kognition : traditionelle und neue Ansätze : Akten des 40. Linguistischen Kolloquiums in Moskau 2005 = Language and cognition : traditional and new approaches Proceedings of the 40th Linguistics Colloquium, Moscow 2005
Peace and freedom will prevail : metaphorization of the war on terror in George W. Bush's discourse
Concept, image and symbol : the cognitive basis of grammar
Incremental conceptualization for language production
A hybrid theory of metaphor : relevance theory and cognitive linguistics
Âzyk i mysl' : sovremennaâ kognitivnaâ lingvistika = Language and thought : contemporary cognitive linguistics
Phraseology : an interdisciplinary perspective
Language in cognition. Vol. 1, Language from within
Proceedings of the Twenty-Fifth Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society, July 31st - Aug 2nd 2003 Boston, Massachusetts, USA
Annual review of cognitive linguistics
Finnish summary.
Meaning in mind and society : a functional contribution to the social turn in cognitive linguistics
Grounding : the epistemic footing of deixis and reference
How words mean : lexical concepts, cognitive models and meaning constructions
Music, language, and the brain
The Oxford handbook of linguistic minimalism
Studies in cognitive corpus linguistics
Difficulty of the translation of primary and complex metaphors : an experimental study
Reference in discourse
LOVEscapes : changes in prototypical senses and cognitive metaphors since 1500
Current issues in bilingualism : cognitive and socio-linguistic perspectives
Cognitive linguistics : basic readings
Quantitative methods in cognitive semantics : corpus-driven approaches
In recent years, research in cognitive linguistics has expanded its interests to cover a variety of texts - spoken, written, or multimodal. Analytical tools such as conceptual metaphor, frame semantics, mental spaces and grammatical constructions have been productively applied in various discourse contexts. In this volume, originally published as a special issue of "English Text Construction 3:2" (2010), the contributors, a mix of established and emerging authors in the field, analyse broadcast and print journalism, argumentative scientific discourse, radio lectures on music, and the main literary genres (the poetry of Szymborska and bpNichol, the drama of Shakespeare, the modernist prose of Virginia Woolf and recent fiction by John Banville). Collectively the findings suggest a need to broaden and refine the cognitive linguistic repertoire, while also uncovering new ways to interpret textual data. The book will appeal to researchers and graduate students with interests in cognitive poetics and linguistics, stylistics, pragmatics and construction grammar.
The linguistic worldview : ethnolinguistics, cognition, and culture
Cognitive linguistics in the description of verbal aspect
The new psychology of language : cognitive and functional approaches to language structure. Vol. 2
Metaphor and discourse
Studies in language and cognition
Language, cognition, and human nature : selected articles
Defining metonymy in cognitive linguistics : towards a consensus view
Creativity and artificial intelligence : a conceptual blending approach
Cognitive linguistics in critical discourse analysis : application and theory
Happiness and joy in corpus contexts : a cognitive semantic analysis
Cognitive lexicography : a new approach to lexicograpgy making use of cognitive semantics
From molecule to metaphor : a neural theory of language
Metaphor and gesture
A multi-dimensional approach to discourse coherence : from standardness to creativity
Motion in language and experience : actual and non-actual motion in Swedish, French and Thai
Cognitive linguistics and poetics of translation
Metaphor : a practical introduction
Meaning and the lexicon : the parallel architecture 1975-2010
Reference : interdisciplinary perspectives
Interpretive functions of adjectives in English : a cognitive approach
The structure of arguments
Modelling thought and constructing meaning : cognitive models in interaction
Language as a cognitive process. 1, Syntax
Cognitive linguistics : an introduction
Linguistics : an introduction
The cognitive neuroscience of semantic processing : edited by Wolfram Hinzen, David Poeppel
From attention to meaning : explorations in semiotics, linguistics, and rhetoric
Language, knowledge, and representation
Language in cognition : uncovering mental structures and the rules behind them
(re)visiting translation : linguistic and cultural issues across genres
Language and time : a cognitive linguistics approach
Applied cognitive linguistics. 2, Language pedagogy
Current trends in contrastive linguistics : functional and cognitive perspectives
Causal categories in discourse and cognition
Reembedding Translation Process Research' is a rich collection of empirical research papers investigating important new facets of the relationship between translation and cognition. The common thread running through the collection is the notion of "re-embedding" or re-situating the acts of translating and interpreting - and the ways we understand them - within what we now know about the brain, the powerful relationship of brain and body, and the complex interaction between cognition and the environment in which it is embedded. Each chapter focuses on a particular aspect of the overall notion of re-embedding, thereby expanding the breadth of empirical research about translating. This book refuses Descartes' distinction between mind and brain, and reaffirms the highly dynamic, emergent, and interactive nature of cognitive processes in translation. The overarching conclusion is that translation studies should reconsider, re-embed, any model of translation processes that arises without properly accommodating the interdependence of brain, body, and environment in the emergence of cognition.
Topology and cognition : what image-schemas reveal about the metaphorical language of emotions
Cognitive linguistics today
Cognitive and functional perspectives on dynamic tendencies in languages : May 29 to June 1, 2008, University of Tartu, Estonia
Metaphor and metonymy in comparison and contrast
The figurative path to Thomas Hardy's Far from the madding crowd
Cognitive linguistics
Multimodality, cognition, and experimental literature
Metaphor and metonymy revisited beyond the contemporary theory of metaphor
Cognitive linguistics investigations : across languages, fields and philosophical boundaries
Language networks : the new word grammar
Cognitive linguistics in the redwoods : the expansion of a new paradigm in linguistics : [2nd International Cognitive Linguistics Conference, July 29-Aug. 2, 1991, University of California, Santa Cruz]
I-language : an introduction to linguistics as cognitive science
Textual choices in discourse : a view from cognitive linguistics
Mouton classics : from syntax to cognition, from phonology to text. Vol. 1.
Review of cognitive linguistics
Language and ideology. Vol. 2, Descriptive cognitive approaches
Contextually self-organized maps of Chinese words. Part II
The Oxford handbook of cognitive linguistics
Language, culture and mind
Genre in language, discourse and cognition
Discourse and the continuity of reference : representing mental categorization
À travers de? : a diachronic analysis of French à/au travers in combination with the proposition de
The cognitive sciences : an interdisciplinary approach
Cognitive exploration of language and linguistics
Investigations in cognitive grammar
Since the turn of the millennium, there has seen an increase in the inclusion of typography, graphics and illustration in fiction. This book engages with visual and multimodal devices in twenty-first century literature, exploring canonical authors like Mark Z. Danielewski and Jonathan Safran Foer alongside experimental fringe writers such as Steve Tomasula, to uncover an embodied textual aesthetics in the information age. Bringing together multimodality and cognition in an innovative study of how readers engage with challenging literature, this book makes a significant contribution to the debates surrounding multimodal design and multimodal reading. Drawing on cognitive linguistics, cognitive psychology, neuroscience, semiotics, visual perception, visual communication, and multimodal analysis, Gibbons provides a sophisticated set of critical tools for analysing the cognitive impact of multimodal literature.
Pathways of the brain : the neurocognitive basis of language
Papers in Estonian cognitive linguistics
Cognitive linguistics : internal dynamics and interdisciplinary interaction
Reembedding translation process research
The study of genre is scattered across research disciplines. This volume deals with questions such as: What does genre knowledge consist of? How is it organized in cognition? How is it applied in discourse production and interpretation? How is it reflected in language use?
Further insights into semantics and lexicography
Feast for the ears, food for the mind : conceptual metaphors in English and Finnish reviews on concerts of contemporary classical music
