http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2179 geology
geology
On the striations and glacier movements in the Tampere region, Southern Finland
The earth - a great storehouse
Sketch of the geology of the Kiruna district
Principles of physical geology
A contribution to the further investigation of McKenzie's rifting model
The earth : an introduction to physical geology
Physical geology : Exploring the earth
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
Physical geology : principles, processes and problems
Gravity tectonics and folding around a basic volcanic centre in the Kumlinge area, SW Finland
Niche tourism : contemporary issues, trends and cases
Developmental features of lacustrine basins on the uplift coast of the Bothnian Bay
The Russian North : geographical and ecological studies on the Kola peninsula
Understanding the earth : a reader in the earth sciences
Petrography and geochemistry of the Eurajoki stock, a rapakivi-granite complex with greisen-type mineralization in southwestern Finland
Genesis and emplacement of carbonatites and lamprophyres in the Svecofennian Domain
Paragenesis of bytownite, chlorite, and manganoan garnet from Kangasala, Finland ; The Västilä area in the Tampere schist belt
Hampstead heath : its geology and natural history
The Gellivare iron mountain : a guide for excursions
Freeze-thaw (FT) events in soils can cause a burst of nitrous oxide (N₂O) and enhance N leaching during the spring-thaw event. We studied whether a soil amended with wood-derived (spruce chips) biochar (10 tonnes ha-1), produced at rather low temperatures (400-450°C), could reduce the burst of N₂O and the risk of N leaching from an agricultural soil after a FT event. A short-term laboratory experiment (4 weeks) was conducted with 24 vegetated (Phleum pratense) mesocosms (12 controls, 12 biochar-treated) that had spent a dormant season in the dark at 15°C for two months after the growing season. NO efflux to the atmosphere and ammonium (NH₄⁺-N) and nitrate (NO₃-N) in the percolated soil water were monitored before and after the FT event. N₂O was monitored with the dark chamber method and analyzed using a gas chromatograph. We found that soil amended biochar can significantly diminish the burst of N₂O after the soil FT event (by 61% just after FT event) and substantially reduce the risk of NO₃-N and NH₄⁺-N leaching from the agricultural soil. Compared to the control, the decrement in concentrations of NO₃-N and NH₄⁺-N in water percolated through the biochar amended soil in the mesocosms was 58% and 22%, respectively.
The city of Helsinki was founded in 1550 at the mouth of the River Vantaanjoki on the Gulf of Finland. There is a clearly distinguishable overgrown river bed located to the west of the present channel which would seem far too large for the minor stream flowing through it nowadays. The aim here was to determine whether this stream and its valley do in fact represent an ancient channel of the larger river, for how long this channel functioned and how and when it ceased to do so. The problem was approached by means of morphological surveys, corings, stratigraphic analyses and radiocarbon datings.It may be concluded from the shoreline displacement data and the topography of the area that the threshold of the ancient channel emerged from beneath the sea around 4500 BP (5100 cal. BP). Subsequently two shallow lakes developed at approximately the same altitude around 4000-3500 BP (4500-3800 cal. BP), later drying up as the thresholds that retained them were eroded away. A channel some 50-70 m broad, 5-8 m deep and 8 km in length was created in the valley of the River. The channel began to fill rapidly with fluvial sediment around 2200 BP (2200 cal. BP), however, once the present course of the river was opened up over a low glaciofluvial ridge which had previously restrained its waters in the east. As the new channel gained in depth, the flow in the old one came to an end around 2000 BP (1900 cal. BP), by which time substantial quantities of fluvial sediment had accumulated in it.
Swedish antarctic research programme 1989/1990
Remote sensing image fusion : a practical guide
Journey to the center of the earth
Geology of the Lower Himalaya (Garhwal)
Planet earth
Tectonics and stratigraphy of the vicinity of Outokumpu, North Kaelia, Finland, including a structural analysis of the Outokumpu ore deposit
Quantitative mineral resource assessments : an integrated approach
Diary of a lake : an intimate description of th natural history of Glacier Lake and the Cirque of the Unclimbables, in the words of scientists who were among the area's first pioneers : with a foreword by David Raup
The study focused on geological and ecological development of ten lacustrine basins in the Hailuoto – Oulunsalo – Lumijoki siltstone and claystone area of Muhos, and two lacustrine basins in the Kuivaniemi – Simo area of Svecokarelian schists and gneisses. The study on water quality, soil and sediment geochemistry, and sediment diatom assemblages of natural lacustrine basins, provide background values, which can be used in assessing the state of the water body in environmental studies.Water quality of the ten water bodies was monitored for 14 years. Water samples were studied for 28 different parameters. Soil and sediment geochemistry was studied on seven lacustrine basins by three different extraction methods. Extracts were analysed for ten parameters. The sediment diatom species were examined from five water bodies in accuracy of 1 cm thick layers.In the study area new water bodies are forming mainly in two different ways: isolation of marine bights and damming of dune ponds. The water bodies could be classified into five different groups based on water quality, sediment geochemistry, and sediment diatom assemblages. These also represent the different developmental stages of the lacustrine basins of the land uplift coast. Parameters of the water quality data could be divided into two main groups: electrolyte group and nutrient group. The water bodies studied segregated into two main categories: coastal and inland water bodies. The concentrations of electrolytes and nutrients were characteristically higher in the coastal water bodies compared to the inland water bodies. During the monitoring period eutrophication of the water bodies and significant seasonal variations of water quality were observed. According to the water quality data and diatom indices the prevailing conditions in the coastal water bodies were eutrophic; and in the inland water bodies ranging from mesotrophic to oligotrophic. The lacustrine basins were grouped mainly in accordance with their geochemical provinces. The geochemical gradients of soil, water quality and sediment in the chronosequence of the catchments on Hailuoto Island showed that when marine influence decreased, the lacustrine basins of the land uplift coast were observed to be oligotrophying, acidifying, and terrestrializating naturally.
Drifting continents & colliding paradigms : perspectives on the geoscience revolution
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) play an important role in Zn uptake by plants and can partially mitigate the effects of its deficit. On the other hand, they are involved in reducing the accumulation of Zn and its toxicity to plants when it is present in excessive concentrations in the soil. The aim of the study was to investigate the effect of two AMF, i.e., Funneliformis mosseae and Rhizophagus intraradices on Zn uptake by lettuce plants grown at two P levels and elevated concentrations of Zn in a peat substrate. The experiment demonstrated the effectiveness of mycorrhization of lettuce grown in the peat substrate; however, the arbuscular mycorrhiza did not reduce the uptake of Zn by lettuce. The AMF used in the experiment differentially affected the Zn content in lettuce. Compared to uninoculated  plants, R. intraradices increased the Zn content in lettuce, whereas F. mosseae did not affect the Zn content.
The dynamic earth : an introduction to physical geology
Applications of lithogeochemistry in the search for proterozoic porphyry-type molybdenum, copper and gold deposits, southern Finland
Geochemical baselines in the assessment of soil contamination in Finland
Geology illustrated
The complete illustrated guide to minerals, rocks & fossils of the world
Mathematical modeling of Earth's dynamical systems : a primer
Explanation of the section through the area of Bothnian schists and intrusive rocks W. of Tampere in Finland
Mediterranean mountain environments
Glossary of geology
The study was planned to find evidence on potential cultural factors in occurrence and distribution of soil-living mites (Oribatida and Mesostigmata) in Finland. Samples were taken from meadows, gardens and forest edges at (a) isolated cottages and (b) culturally exposed farms in two areas, Sipoo/Mäntsälä and Ilomantsi. Multiple factorial analyses revealed significant differences only between the areas. Number of species was lower in Ilomantsi, where several ”southern” species were absent. The typical forest species were more abundant in the forest habitat. There was no difference between ”Cottages” and ”Farms”..
Effects of different paper mulches on soil temperature and yield of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) in the temperate zone
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
The Post-glacial shore-line displacement in the Kuopio district
The petrography, mineralogy and petrochemistry of the Sokli carbonatite massif northern Finland
Fennoscandian land uplift : proceedings of a symposium at Tvärminne, April 10-11, 1986, arranged by the Finnish National Committee for Quaternary Research
Physical geography : an introduction to earth environments
Journey into the Earth
"The Fifth edition of Earth: Portrait of a Planet features stunning art, the most up-to-date science, and a wealth of onlinen learning tools, all developed under the critical eyes of Stephen Marshak. Heavily revised, and illustrated with remarkably detailed photographs, animations, and maps, the text offers rich and engaging pedagogy, with and expanded chapter on energy, and coverage of recent global  events such as Typhoon Haiyan and the Japanese Tsunami."
Wetland environments : a global perspective
Iceland : a dynamic country
Numerical geology : a source guide, glossary and selective bibliography to geological uses of computers and statistics
The fabric of geology
Igneous rocks and iron ores of Kiirunavaara, Luossavaara and Tuolluvaara
Komatiite-hosted Ni-Cu-PGE deposits in Finland : their characterization, PGE content, and petrogenesis
Earth and Moon
On the petrology of Finnish quartzites
What a wonderful world : one man's attempt to explain the big stuff
Heavy metals as lithogeochemical indicators for ore deposits in the Iilinjärvi and Aijala fields, SW-Finland
Ocean worlds : the story of seas on Earth and other planets
Investigating the earth : earth science curriculum project. Part 1, Teacher's guide
Geomorphological mapping : methods and applications
List of index terms English-Finnish used in Fingeo : geological bibliography of Finland
Iceland : a portrait of its land and people
Understanding earth
Earth
Origins and development of the ancient outflow channel of the river Vantaanjoki, southern Finland, as indicated by fluvial sediments
List of index terms Finnish-English used in Fingeo (Geological bibliography of Finland)
Petrography, mineral chemistry and petrochemistry of granite porphyry dykes from Sibbo, southern Finland
The geographical environment of NW part of Wedel Jarlsberg Land (Spitsbergen, Svalbard) : Środowisko geograficzne północno-zachodniej części Ziemi Wedela Jarlsberga (Spitsbergen, Svalbard)
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
Anatomy of the earth
Contribution to the mineralogy of rapakivi granites. 1, Zircon of the Laitila rapakivi, southwestern Finland
The earth sciences in the Republic of Lithuania 1996-2000 = Geomokslai Lietuvos respublikoje 1996-2000
The canon : the beautiful basics of science
Quaternary dating methods : an introduction
Preliminary report 1961-1962
Cambridge guide to stars and planets
Nutrient fluxes in managed boreal forests
Geostatistics for environmental scientists
Underlands :  a journey through Britain's lost landscape
Seismotectonics of the Kuopio region, Finland
Dirtmeister's nitty gritty planet Earth : all about rocks, minerals, fossils, earthquakes, volcanoes, & even dirt!
Bulletin of the Geological Society of Finland
Cultural factors in the distribution of soil mites in Finland
Earth : concise encyclopedia
Exercises in physical geology
Distribution of nickel in the Koirusvesi intrusion, Leppävirta, Central Finland
Isotopic fingerprints in surficial waters : stable isotope methods applied in hydrogeological studies
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
Geophysical signatures of mineral deposit types in Finland
Julkaisut 1895-2001 = Publikationer 1985-2001 = Publications 1895-2001
Biochar application is a promising strategy for sequestering carbon in agricultural soils and for improving degraded soils. Nonetheless, contradictory and unsettled issues remain. This study investigates whether biochar influences the soil microbial biomass and community structure using phospholipid fatty acid (PLFA) analysis. We monitored the effects of four different types of biochar on the soil microbial communities in three temperate soils of Austria over several months. A greenhouse experiment and two field experiments were conducted. The biochar application did not significantly increase or decrease the microbial biomass. Only the addition of vineyard pruning biochar pyrolysed at 400°C caused microbial biomass to increase in the greenhouse experiment. The biochar treatments however caused shifts in microbial communities (visualized by principal component analysis). We concluded that the shifts in the microbial community structure are an indirect rather than a direct effect and depend on soil conditions and nutrient status.
Past, present and future : assessing changes in aquatic environments using subfossil diatoms
Composition and properties of staurolite
Geology and the ore petrology of the Akanvaara and Koitelainen mafic layered intrusions and the Kevitsa-Satovaara layered complex, Northern Finland
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
Earth : portrait of a planet
Investigating the earth : earth science curriculum project. Part 2, Teacher's guide
Barents tour for geotourists = Geomatkailijan Barentsin kierros = Barenc tur dlâ geoturistov = Rundtur i Barents for geoturisten
Geologic field methods
Rocks and minerals
The oceans atlas
Moving forward from "biochar revolution" to "biochar evolution" : shaping a promising mitigation tool demands future research efforts
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
Geochemistry and origin of Haveri and Kiipu, Proterozoic strata-bound volcanogenic gold-copper and zinc mineralizations from southwestern Finland
Rocks & minerals : the definitive visual guide
The aim of the present study was to determine the influence of mineral and peat soil condition on the growth, yield and nutrient uptake of some half-highbush blueberry cultivars. The peat soil experimental site was located in a harvested (milled) peat field. Four half-highbush blueberry (  Vaccinium spp.) cultivars (five- and six-year-old plants) were used in the experiment: "Aino", "Alvar", "Arne", and "Northblue". Environmental conditions exercised a considerable influence on biological processes of half-highbush blueberry, at the same time, a genotype-based variation was observed. Cultivar "Northblue" had a higher yield in mineral soil and "Aino" had the highest yield in peat soil considering the average of two years. The peat soil condition in the harvested peat field provided a better supply of nutrients for blueberry bushes compared to mineral soil and this, in its turn, secured better growth and a higher yield of blueberry bushes.
Deep fractures in the Paanajärvi-Kuusamo-Kuolajärvi area : proceedings of a Finnish-Soviet symposium in Finland on September 18-21, 1989
Active sulphide mine tailings impoundments as sources of contaminated drainage : controlling factors, methods of characterisation and geochemical constraints for mitigation
Ore mineralization at Ritovuori, Pihtipudas, Central Finland
Holocene varved lake sediments as records of palaeoenvironmental change and geomagnetic palaeosecular variation in eastern Finland
Metamorphism as an indicator of evolution and structure of the crust in eastern Finland
View of the earth : an introduction to geology
Proterozoic lithostratigraphy and sedimentation of Sariola and Jatuli-type rocks in the Nunnanlahti-Koli-Kaltimo area, eastern Finland : implications for regional basin evolution models
Occurrence of unfrozen ground in Finland
The effect of different paper mulches and two different biodegradable plastic mulches on the yield of field-grown cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) was examined. The studies were conducted during two climatically different growing seasons 2011 and 2012 in Southern Finland.  All the mulches increased the yield as compared to bare ground. In 2011, cucumbers on all the mulches with a dark upper surface produced higher yields than those on kraft paper alone. In 2012, when the average temperatures were lower than in 2011, there were no differences in yield between different types of mulches. Soil temperatures of the experimental plots were monitored throughout the growing seasons. The mulches with a dark-colored upper surface increased the soil temperature more than the ones with a light-colored upper surface. The soil warming effect of the mulches was greater during early season and diminished when the plants grew larger and their leaves covered most of the mulch surface. There was no need for weed control except in uncovered plots. In conclusion, during both years dark-colored paper mulch was comparable to biodegradable film in yield production and could replace it as a mulch material in cucumber production.
100 things to know about science
Introduction to geology
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
The structure of an archean area: Orijärvi, Finland
Geomathematics : theoretical foundations, applications and future developments
2nd Finnish National Colloquium of Geosciences : 3.-5.32015 : program and abstracts
Geology : a survey of earth science
The lithologic relation between till and bedrock in the region of Hämeenlinna, southern Finland
Geology of Mongolia : a reconnaissance report based on the investigations of the years 1922-1923
Satellite radar interferometry : subsidence monitoring techniques
Principles, methods, and application of particle size analysis
We tested if hand-carried field proximal soil sensing (PSS) can be used to map the distribution of anthropogenic Amazonian Dark Earths (ADE). ADE soils are rich in archaeological artefacts, nutrients, organic matter and carbon in the very stable form of pyrogenic carbon, also referred to as black carbon or biochar. To test the capacity of PSS to detect signature ADE properties we measured electrical conductivity (ECa), magnetic susceptibility (MSa) and gamma ray data by transect sampling and compared these readings, using fuzzy classification, with datasets on chemical soil properties from a 28 ha large study area located on the Belterra Plateau of the Lower Amazon in northern Brazil. Results indicate that ECa and MSa measurements were good indicators of ADE signatures, but that the gamma radiation sensor was less useful in the deeply weathered soils. PSS and fuzzy classification can be used for rapid field mapping of ADE for both agricultural and archaeological purposes.
Geoscience : understanding geological processes
Atlas över skärgårds-Finland = Saaristo-Suomen kartasto = Atlas of the archipelago of Southwestern Finland
Long-term nutrient load management and lake restoration : case of Säkylän Pyhäjärvi (SW Finland)
The geological drama : the formation of the continents and the advance of life
On the structure of a tilted dome near Tampere in Southwestern Finland
On the set of olivine diabase dikes in Häme, Finland
Biochar affects the structure rather than the total biomass of microbial communities in temperate soils
The Magic School Bus inside the Earth
All about volcanoes : amazing explosions, earthquakes and eruptions
The geography of Georgia : problems and perspectives
Glacial geology : ice sheets and landforms
The adventures of Earth : climb, sail and explore our amazing planet
The cherrytree book of the earth
In February 2013, the 2nd Nordic Biochar Seminar was successfully held in Helsinki, Finland. The fruitful meeting, well organized by Priit Tammeorg, offered a broad kaleidoscope of new insights into the novel interdisciplinary research topic of biochar. The papers in this issue clearly show that biochar use in agriculture can deliver benefits such as reductions in N2O emissions or N leaching (Kettunen and Saarnio), in addition to soil C storage without negative effects (Karer et al. , Anders et al. ). However, they also demonstrate that just one biochar addition does not turn each temperate fertile soil into a fertility miracle. In Terra preta sites, the pyrogenic carbon was likely an important ingredient, but it was combined with organic waste inputs and not used pure. Thus, yield-increasing pure-biochar effects in temperate soils are likely not a low-hanging fruit to be harvested without further ado. Rather, problematic soils should be the primary target; combined biochar-organics usage also deserves further research. However, considering the lack of political efforts to restore our planet's radiative balance, or tackle the challenges associated with soil degradation and resource consumption, no emerging chances should be missed. "Biochar" is such a chance - not more, but also not less. Shaping "biochar use in agriculture" into a safe, sustainable and economically feasible tool will only come at the cost of good hard research efforts; but it offers the unique chance to turn agricultural practices from being part of the problem into being part of the solution.
List of index terms Finnish-English used in Fingeo : geological bibliography of Finland
The benefits of biochar (BC) application to fertile, non-acidic soils in temperate climate regions might not always be as evident as for highly weathered tropical soils. The aim of our study was to investigate the effects of BC on soil characteristics, nutrient uptake and crop yield in field experiments on two temperate soils (Cambisol and Chernozem) in Austria. Maize and wheat (Cambisol), and barley and sunflower (Chernozem) were grown in successive vegetation periods following different BC application rates (0, 24 and 72 t ha-1 at the start of the experiment), supplemented with identical mineral N supply in 33 m² plots. BC treatments showed varying impacts on nutrient uptake of the investigated crops. The first growing season in the Chernozem region was affected by a prolonged drought period, which resulted in positive effects of BC on soil water-holding capacity (WHC) and barley crop yield (+ 10%) for the 72 t ha-1 BC + N treatment compared to a control with identical nutrient supply but without BC. However, maize and wheat grain yield decreased by 46 and 70%, respectively, after the highest BC application rate (72 t ha-1) in an additional treatment without supplementary N-fertilisation. Still, even with high BC application rates we did not observe any adverse effects on crop yield and nutrient uptake, as long as the soil was supplied with sufficient N according to local agricultural practice.
1.9 Ga tholeiitic magmatism and related Ni-Cu deposition in the Juva area, SE Finland
Essentials of geology
The children's atlas of natural wonders
Physical geography
Program and abstracts of the 9th National Geological Colloquium, Oulu, 6th -8th March 2013
Foundations of earth science
The role of arbuscular mycorrhiza in zinc uptake by lettuce grown at two phosphorus levels in the substrate
Dictionary of geological terms : (exclusive of stratigraphic formations and paleontologic genera and species)
Combining geodiversity with climate and topography to account for threatened species richness
Beyond Walden : the hidden history of America's kettle lakes and ponds
High latitude agriculture is rainfed. Climate change could, however, increase water deficiency and initiate a call for development of irrigation systems as a part of field water management systems. This study aimed to develop a basic understanding about the current state of irrigation potential according to region by monitoring proximity of fields to waterways and characterizing their general conditions. One third of Finnish fields are in direct contact with a shoreline of an inland waterway. This coupled with Finland being water-rich country may improve adaptive capacity to cope with the potentially harmful impacts of climate change in the future. However, there are marked differences between regions in access to water resources. Findings of this survey will serve as background information needed to assess future needs for introduction of irrigation and to evaluate the opportunities to close yield gaps and improve yield stability through irrigation.
The magnetite gabbro and related Mustavaara vanadium ore deposit in the Porttivaara layered intrusion, north-eastern Finland
The Oulainen interglacial in Ostrobothnia, western Finland
The Sottunga-Jurmo shear zone : structure and deformation history of a crustal-scale ductile shear zone in SW Finland
The metallogeny of Finland
The world of geology
The Geology of the pre-cambrian rock of the Kuopio district
Collins dictionary of geology
Petrogenetic and geochronological studies of metavolcanic rocks and associated granitoids in the Pihtipudas area, central Finland
Journey to the centre of the Earth : the remarkable voyage of scientific discovery into the heart of our world
Instructor's manual and test bank to accompany physical geology : Exploring the earth
Biochar can restrict N2O emissions and the risk of nitrogen leaching from an agricultural soil during the freeze-thaw period
Geology of the Siilinjärvi carbonatite complex, Eastern Finland
Electron microprobe analysis and scanning electron microscopy in geology
Using proximal soil sensors and fuzzy classification for mapping Amazonian Dark Earths
Investigating the earth : earth science curriculum project
The new penguin dictionary of geology
A dictionary of science
1,001 facts about Planet Earth
Relationship of granitoids, structures and metamorphism at the eastern margin of the Central Finland Granitoid Complex
The crowns, spiders and stars of Venus : characterization and assessment of the geological settings of volcano-tectonic structures on Venus
The Usborne encyclopedia of planet earth
Testate amoebae (thecamoebians) as indicators of aquatic mine impact
The incomparable valley : a geologic interpretation of the Yosemite
Plant uptake of phosphorus from sparingly available P- sources as affected by Trichoderma asperellum T34
On the Archean high-grade metamorphic rocks in the Varpaisjärvi area, Central Finland
Influence of soil type on half-highbush blueberry productivity
The structure of the Kakari-Narkaus area with implications to the structural evolution of the palaeoproterozoic Peräpohja Belt Northern Finland
The Q-system in rock engineering : two day course for geologists and rock engineers April 8-10, 2013, Espoo, Finland
Progressive metamorphism of the metapelites in the Rantasalmi-Sukeva area, southeastern Finland
The structure of geology
Biography of the earth : its past, present, and future
The contribution of Trichoderma asperellum T34 to the plant uptake of phosphorus (P) from sparingly phytoavailable forms such as insoluble calcium (Ca) phosphates and phytates was studied. Two experiments with cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) on siliceous sand were performed involving two factors, namely: (i) P source, viz., KH2PO4, phytate (Ins6P), and phosphate rock (PR), and (ii) inoculation with T34. Liquid pure cultures of T34 were also used. T34 increased the total content in P of cucumber roots irrespective of the particular P form and enhanced total P uptake by plants with P supplied as Ins6P or PR. The increased phytase activity observed with T34 contributes to explain its favourable   influence on the uptake of P supplied as Ins6P. Solubilization of Ca phosphates from PR was favoured by the slightly acidifying effect and the increased organic anion concentration promoted by the fungus in the plant growth media. It can be concluded that T34 can improve P nutrition in plants grown on media containing phytates or insoluble Ca phosphates as dominant P forms.
The prehistory of Suomussalmi, eastern Finland : the first billion years as revealed by isotopes and the composition of granitoid suites
Response of the leaf phenology and tree-ring width of European beech to climate variability
Structure, mineralogy and chemistry of the Syöte section in the early Proterozoic Koillismaa layered intrusion, northeastern Finland
Manual of field geology
The Mesoproterozoic Hallandian event : a region-scale orogenic event in the Fennoscandian Shield
Drilled well yield and hydraulic properties in the Precambrian crystalline bedrock of Central Finland
On the geology and the Cambrian sediments of the circular depression at Söderfjärden, western Finland
International dictionary of metallurgy-mineralogy-geology : mining and oil industries in four languages: English, French, German, Italian
Basics of environmental science
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration. Mineral exploration and mapping within thick glacial overburden, peatlands and different conservation areas is demanding, sensitive and expensive. The best practices for mineral exploration (techniques and concepts) from cost and environmental perspectives have been developed in the project 'Novel technologies for greenfield exploration' funded by Finnish Funding Agency for Innovation (Tekes). Essential exploration techniques include the concurrent use of geological, geochemical and geophysical surveys. These techniques allow the location and thorough investigation of the geological processes responsible for mineral deposits and indications of ore-forming processes, or in suitable conditions, the direct identification of mineral deposits. The efficiency and success of exploration require not only high quality data processing and interpretation, but also the consideration of environmental aspects, which are particularly important in sensitive northern, sub-Arctic areas. The results and methodological advances arising from this project could particularly serve companies and organizations conducting grass root mineral exploration in a regional scale. The techniques can also be adopted in target-scale exploration.
Utilisation of high temperature water in the purification of water and soil
Proximity of waterways to Finnish farmlands and associated characteristics of regional land use
Coastal lagoons in Estonia and in the Central Baltic Sea region : development history, geology and hydrology, biodiversity and nature conservation value
The sedimentology, ichnology and hydrogeochemistry of the late Miocene, marginal marine, upper Pebas and Nauta Formations, Amazonian foreland basin, Peru
Rapakivi granites and other postorogenic rocks in Finland : Their age and the lead isotopic composition of certain associated galena mineralizations
The Karelian formations and their depositional basement in the Kiihtelysvaara-Värtsilä area, East Finland
Geotourism : Agrotourism by Country, Geoparks, Agritourism, North West Highlands Geopark, Marble Arch Caves Global Geopark, Mount Wutai /.
Postglacial deformation of the Fennoscandian crust
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration
Lexicon of geology : English - French - Arabic = Lexique de geologie
Biochar application to temperate soils : effects on nutrient uptake and crop yield under field conditions
Various environmental conditions (heat waves and drought events) strongly affect leaf and xylem phenology. Disentangling the influence of temperature, precipitation and soil moisture content (AWR) on the forest productivity remains an important research area. We analyzed the impact of climate variability on the leaf phenology (10 sample trees) and radial growth (17 sample trees) of European beech (Fagus sylvatica L.). The study was conducted on 130-year-old European beech trees growing in a temperate forest stand in the Czech Republic. Detailed 20-year phenological monitoring was performed at the study site (1992-2011). As expected, leaf phenological events were mainly driven by the growing season temperatures. Leaf unfolding was highly affected positively by spring temperatures and the top-layer (to 40 cm) AWR in March. The correlation of tree-ring width with the interpolated climate data was positive significant for the growing season AWR and precipitation signal. Furthermore, the water availability in the top soil layer was found to be an important predictor of tree growth and extremely low growth occurrence. The extended phenological growing season, which was caused by a temperature increase, was not followed by an increased tree-ring width. The examined relationships point out the significance of the water availability in the top soil layer in European beech stands..
Urbanised nature in the past : site formation and environmental developement in two Swedish towns, AD 1200-1800
Some observations on the tectonics in the Tampere schist area
Studies in the post-Silurian thrust region of Jämtland
Numerical lithospheric modelling : rheology, stress and deformation in the central Fennoscandian Shield
My tourist guide to the centre of the Earth
A contribution to the mineralogy of iron-magnesium silicates, especially pyroxenes, contained in certain noritic rocks in Central Finland
The igneous rocks of Ragunda, Alnö, Rödö, and Nordingrå
GUIDE TO THE GEOLOGY OF ICELAND
Physical geology : with interactive plate tectonics CD-ROM
Geology : principles & methods
The petrography, mineralogy and chemistry of the fenites of the Sokli carbonatite intrusion, Finland
The shorter science and civilisation in China. Volume 2 : Volume 3 and a section of volume 4, part 1 of the major series : mathematics : astronomy : meteorology : geography & map-making : geology & related sciences : physics (excluding elecricity & magnetism): an abridgement of Joseph Needham's original text
New contributions to the geology of Grand Canary (Gran Canaria, Canary Islands)
Principles of geology
