http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21747 soybeans
soybeans
Biochemical deterioration of soybean daddawa : a condiment
Host plant resistance and anti-transpirant for the control of Alectra vogelii in soybean
Soybeans and their products : markets, models, and policy
Impact of selenium spray on monocarpic senescence of soybean (Glycine Max L.)
CRC handbook of pest management in agriculture. Vol. 3
Super soya : recipes and facts for greater health
Soybean in tropical and subtropical cropping systems : proceedings of a Symposium, Tsukuba, Japan, 26 September-1 October 1983.
Social returns to soybean utilization technologies in Southwest of Nigeria
Strain index for the uniform soybean tests : northern states, 1939 to 1990
Socio-economic impacts of bioenergy production
Vegetable soybean : research needs for production and quality improvement : proceedings of a workshop held at Kenting, Taiwan 29 April-2 May 1991
The secret financial life of food : from commodities markets to supermarkets
Food fermentation
Soybeans : chemistry, technology, and utilization
The world of soy
Oilseed crops
Compendium of soybean diseases
Soybeans as a food source
Accumulation of RNA in the senescing root modular cells of soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merrill) : histochemical evidence
Food security of Nigeria : institutional support through micro-credit for soyabean production
The whole soy story : the dark side of America's favorite health food
Nitrogen fixation in agriculture, forestry, ecology, and the environment
Microbiological quality of ogi and soy-ogi (a Nigerian fermented cereal porridge) widely consumed and notable weaning food in southern Nigeria
Water penetration sites in the testa of soybeans (Glycine max L Merril) during seed imbibition
Summary.
Structural studies on enzymes of biotechnological and biomedical interest
Green deserts or new opportunities? : competing and complementary views on the soybean expansion in Uruguay, 2002-2013
Miso tasty : the cookbook : everyday, tasty recipes with miso - the Japanese superfood
Soybeans: chemistry and technology : edited by Allan K. Smith and Sidney J. Circle. 1, Proteins
Evaluation of the USDA soybean germplasm collection : maturity groups 000-IV (FC 01.547-PI 266.807)
Soybean : genetics, molecular biology and biotechnology
Soybean varietal improvement : proceedings of the International workshop, Jakarta, Indonesia 21-22 July 1984.
Biodiesel production : diversification of feedstock
Principles of crop production : theory, techniques, and technology
