http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21717 doctoral education
doctoral education
PhD candidates and the research process : the library contribution
Road to success : a guide for doctoral students and junior faculty members in behavioral and social sciences
Ecology and evolutionary biology in Finland 2006-2010 : evaluation report
The research mission of the university : policy reforms and institutional response
The unwritten rules of PHD research
Summary in Estonian.
Higher education reforms in Finland and China : experiences and challenges in post-massification era
Research strategic analysis of the Finnish doctoral dissertations in management accounting from 1990 to 2009.
Folklore studies and research at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel
The doctoral experience : success and failure in graduate school
Doctoral experiences in Finland
Artists with PhDs : on the new doctoral degree in studio art
Dimensions of internationalizing doctoral education in business administration : a discussion of the concept dynamics and policy
Preface to special issue
Cultural dialectics in Finnish advising relationships
How to be an effective supervisor : best practice in research student supervision
Doctoral Writing in the Creative and Performing Arts
Acts of creation : thoughts on artistic research supervision
The formation of scholars : rethinking doctoral education for the twenty-first century
Doctoral education in design : proceedings of the France conference July 8-12, 2000
Why do we need to think about artistic research supervision when doctoral supervision in general is such a well-established field? What particular skills are needed for a supervisor to get under the skin of an artistic research project? How can PhD candidates be guided so that the artistic projects develop fruitfully? What are the ethical implications of supervising an artistic research project? What is the meaning of method and theory in this kind of research? And how will the supervisors contribute to the development of the field of artistic research? The texts in this anthology comprise the results of discussions between a group of supervisors at Konstnärliga forskarskolan, the Swedish artistic research school over the past few years. They reflect the need for rethinking traditional principles, procedures and structures in the complex field of artistic research supervision. From a variety of perspectives, the authors share experiences and future visions that may contribute to a continued discussion on the further development of artistic research.
The professional doctorate : a practical guide
A woman's guide to doctoral studies
Shedding light on the early phases of cancer
This volume examines how universities and colleges around the world are developing innovative ways to provide doctoral education, including new theories and models of doctoral education and the impact of changes in government and/or accreditation policy on practices in doctoral education. Specifically, this volume looks at the emerging trends in student selection practices, research topic selection, supervision practices, and dissertation review and approval process across a range of disciplines across different institutional types across different countries. Seeking to understand the current landscape of how universities are preparing the next generation of researchers, scholars, scientists, and university faculty, Emerging Directions in Doctoral Education is a must-read for faculty, researchers, accreditation agencies, doctoral students and policymakers.
Reshaping doctoral education : international approaches and pedagogies
Suomen lääketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 8. vuositapaaminen Helsingissä 26.-27.8.2014. 8th Annual FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) Meeting at the University of Helsinki, August 26-27, 2014
Narratives of doctoral studies in science education : making the transition from educational practitioner to researcher
Supporting research students
Developing doctoral student mentoring through narrative teaching strategies
Quality assurance in postgraduate education
The Routledge doctoral student's companion : getting to grips with research in education and the social sciences
This book focuses on using faculty mentoring to empower doctoral students to successfully complete their doctoral studies. The book is a collection of mentoring chapters showcasing professors and dissertation advisors from the most prestigious universities in the United States. They provide an extraordinary range of mentoring advice that speaks directly to the doctoral student. Each chapter addresses a professional or personal component of the doctoral process that represents how these exceptional faculty best mentor their doctoral students. Faculty contributions exemplify diverse perspectives of mentoring: (a) Some faculty are direct and forthright, pointing the mentee toward his/her destination; (b) some faculty share personal experiences-offering mentoring advice from the perspective of someone who traveled a similar path; and (c) some faculty structure a dialogue between the faculty as mentor and you as the doctoral student. In all cases, they open possibilities for achieving success in doctoral studies. Students discover clues to follow during their doctoral journey.
A survival kit for doctoral students and their supervisors : traveling the landscape of research
Changing practices of doctoral education
Some comparative highlights in Nordic doctoral studies
Applying for funding is part of a research ́s job
Toward a global PhD? : forces and forms in doctoral education worldwide
Doctoral student engagement : the dynamic interplay between students and scholarly communities
Lessons learned from connecting doctoral studies and academic research on entrepreneurship into teacher's work at University of Applied Sciences
Introduction to the practices and problems in doctoral studies in the Nordic countries
This report is part of the research-based development of doctoral training in the UniOGS graduate school, at the University of Oulu. It aims to contribute research-based evidence pertaining to the development of doctoral education in the UniOGS graduate school at the University of Oulu by exploring the doctoral experience in the UniOGS, and the primary regulators of the doctoral journey. The data reported here were collected with the doctoral experience survey from doctoral students of UniOGS graduate school. Doctoral students' experiences of doctoral training were analysed in terms of three complementary aspects of the training: the doctoral dissertation process, supervision, and doctoral studies. The report consists of a summary of the results based on data collected from doctoral students at the University of Oulu in April 2015.
International evaluation of research and doctoral training at the University of Helsinki 2005-2010
PhD by published work : a practical guide for success
Two training models in the continuum of Finnish doctoral training
Emerging directions in doctoral education
The Ph.D. process : a student's guide to graduate school in the sciences
Regional co-operation in science education research and researcher training : an example from Northern Europe
Becoming a scholar : the dynamic interaction between the doctoral student and the schlarly community
Doctoral education's reform in Switzerland and Norway : a public management analysis
The doctoral student's advisor and mentor : sage advice from the experts
How to survive your doctorate : what others don't tell you
Supervision and research training within the professional research community : seeking new challenges of doctoral education in Estonia
Survival of the fittest : a study of doctoral students' habituation on the scientific field.
Doctoral education in design : proceedings of the Ohio conference October 8-11, 1998
The doctor of nursing practice : a guidebook for role development and professional issues
Approaching indigenous knowledge : complexities of the research processes
The dissertation process described by doctoral students in Finland
Mapping communication and media research : conjunctures, institutions, challenges
A case study of a doctoral student in Finland
3rd cycle degrees : competences and researcher career : Bologna seminar, Helsinki 2008.
Suomen lääketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 9. vuositapaaminen: The Future of Pharma, 19.-21.8.2015 = FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) 9th Annual Meeting: The Future of Pharma, August 19.-21.2015
PhDs in Finland : employment, placement and demand
Mapping communication and media research : paradigms, institutions, challenges
Suomen lääketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 9. vuositapaaminen : The Future of Pharma, 19.-21.8.2015 = FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) 9th Annual Meeting : The Future of Pharma, August 19.-21.2015
This report is part of the research-based development of doctoral training in the UniOGS graduate school, at the University of Oulu. It aims to contribute research-based evidence pertaining to the development of doctoral education in the UniOGS graduate school at the University of Oulu by exploring the doctoral experience in the UniOGS, and the primary regulators of the doctoral journey. The data reported here were collected with the doctoral experience survey from doctoral students of UniOGS graduate school. Doctoral students’ experiences of doctoral training were analysed in terms of three complementary aspects of the training: the doctoral dissertation process, supervision, and doctoral studies. The report consists of a summary of the results based on data collected from doctoral students at the University of Oulu in April 2015.
Practitioner research at doctoral level : developing coherent research methodologies
Supervising the doctorate : a guide to success
Suomen lääketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 8. vuositapaaminen Helsingissä 26.-27.8.2014 = 8th Annual FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) Meeting at the University of Helsinki, August 26-27, 2014.
Plant science in Finland 2005-2009 : evaluation report
PhD training and knowledge-based society : an evaluation of doctoral education in Finland
Training for doctoral research
Helping doctoral students write : pedagogies for supervision
Students' experiences of support during doctoral studies in industrial engineering and management
Networked learning of entrepreneurship : triangulation of doctoral studies, research and practice
Envisioning the future of doctoral education : preparing stewards of the discipline, Carnegie essays on the doctorate
Becoming a scholar : the dynamic interaction between the doctoral student and the scholarly community
The opportunity to create an independent career
This book explores the ways in which small scale research studies arise from issues of practice, and how they are conceptualised, theorised and implemented using a variety of methodological approaches and frameworks. The narratives written by thirteen doctoral students tell real stories of projects and challenges that researchers face when making the transition from educational practitioner to researcher. Considering case studies from the UK, Sweden and Germany, chapters seek to investigate and inform others about how doctoral students solved individual and typical problems linking practice and research. Each methodological journey highlights and illustrates the iterative and cyclic nature of research, and the normality of the process of going back and forth between data and theory, making changes of direction as research proceeds. The book includes frameworks for combining research, theory and practice, drawing from the methodological decisions and conclusions each contributor made to develop their own practice oriented research. Narratives of Doctoral Studies in Science Education will be key reading for researchers and academics in the fields of educational research, science education, research methods and higher education, as well as masters and doctoral students undertaking their own research projects.
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
Planning your PhD
Obsessed with the doctoral theses : what is the supervision and support the doctorates tell to need in the phases of dissertation process?
Towards the European model of postgraduate training
Doctoral studies in education : a Finnish perspective
Expanding research horizons abroad
Students’ experiences of support during doctoral studies in industrial engineering and management
The Routledge doctoral supervisor's companion : supporting effective research in education and social sciences
"Are you interested in studying for a professional doctorate but aren't sure what's involved? This book offers concrete, practical guidance for anyone wishing to study for a professional doctorate degree. Fully up-to-date and based on the latest developments in the field, The Professional Doctorate: - Supports you through every stage of the journey, from identifying your research project and choosing your methodology through to the final assessment - Gives advice on working with your supervisor, disseminating your findings and influencing your community of practice - Encourages you to reflect on your personal development and transformation - Features detailed case studies from real-life students Based on the authors' extensive experience of working with professional doctoral students, this much-needed resource will help you to master all aspects of this demanding degree"--
Doctoral mobility in the social sciences : report to the NORFACE ERA-NET
Supervising the PhD : a guide to success
Summary report on doctoral experience in UniOGS graduate school at the University of Oulu
Making supervision work for you : a student's guide
Doctoral grants and post-doctoral fellowships
Summary report on doctoral experience in the UniOGS graduate school at the University of Oulu
