http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21730 prayer books
prayer books
Prayers written at Vailima
With all God's people : the new ecumenical prayer cycle : orders of service
The doctrine of the Russian Church, being the primer or spelling book, the shorter or longer Catechisms, and a treatise [by G. Kononskij] on the duty of parish priests, tr. by R. W. Blackmore
The Spitz master : a Parisian book of hours
The book of common prayer : and administration of the sacraments and other rites and ceremonies of the church according to the use of the Church of England together with the Psalter or Psalms of David pointed as they are to be sung or said in churches; and the form and manner of making, ordaining, and consecrating of bishops, priests, and deacons
Seyder tkhines : the forgotten book of common prayer for Jewish women
The traditional prayer in the Psalms
In the Leipzig Mahzor, one of the most lavish Hebrew illuminated manuscripts of all time, Kogman-Appel has discovered a fascinating portal into the life of the fourteenth century Jewish community in Worms. A prayer book used only during holidays, it brings to life the religious culture and customs of medieval Ashkenazi Jews.
The English Primers (1529-1545) : their publication and connection with the English Bible and the Reformation in England
When Yakov, the cobbler's son lies dying, it is the thieves, pickpockets, and criminals of the village whose prayers are heard, causing the boy to be healed.
Common worship : President's edition
The Oxford guide to the Book of common prayer : a worldwide survey
Living in two kingdoms
Siddur Sim Shalom : a prayerbook for shabbat, festivals, and weekdays
Common worship : services and prayers for the Church of England
The Tudor books of private devotion
Native American religious action : a performance approach to religion
Celebrating Common Prayer : the pocket version
Finnish translations and publication of Luther's text
The seven days of the heart : prayers for the nights and days of the week
Yakov and the seven thieves
A masterpiece reconstructed : the Hours of Louis XII
With all God's people : the new ecumenical prayer cycle
A history of liturgical books from the beginning to the thirteenth century
Abstract: Sangen ialo rucous : the prayer book of the Schwenckfeldians as a source for Michael Agricola.
Moses, God, and the dynamics of intercessory prayer : a study of Exodus 32-34 and numbers 13-14
A mahzor from Worms : art and religion in a medieval Jewish community
French books of hours : making an archive of prayer, c. 1400-1600
Shabbat Vehagim : Festival Prayer book
A prayer book of Catholic devotions : praying the seasons and feasts of the church year
How the children became stars : a family treasury of stories, prayers, and blessings from around the world
The Tibetan book of the dead : the great liberation through hearing in the Bardo
Venite Adoremus : World's Student Christian Federation prayer book. 1.
Celtic night prayer
While many of us are familiar with such famous words as, "Dearly beloved, we are gathered together here." or "Ashes to ashes, dust to dust," we may not know that they originated with The Book of Common Prayer, which first appeared in 1549. Like the words of the King James Bible and Shakespeare, the language of this prayer book has saturated English culture and letters. Here Alan Jacobs tells its story. Jacobs shows how The Book of Common Prayer--from its beginnings as a means of social and political control in the England of Henry VIII to its worldwide presence today--became a venerable work whose cadences express the heart of religious life for many.The book's chief maker, Thomas Cranmer, Archbishop of Canterbury, created it as the authoritative manual of Christian worship throughout England. But as Jacobs recounts, the book has had a variable and dramatic career in the complicated history of English church politics, and has been the focus of celebrations, protests, and even jail terms. As time passed, new forms of the book were made to suit the many English-speaking nations: first in Scotland, then in the new United States, and eventually wherever the British Empire extended its arm. Over time, Cranmer's book was adapted for different preferences and purposes. Jacobs vividly demonstrates how one book became many--and how it has shaped the devotional lives of men and women across the globe.
The Barber who wanted to pray
Gloria Deo : worship book for CEC Assembly IX, Stirling, Scotland, 4-11 September 1986
The Orthodox Prayer Book = Pravoslavnyi molitvoslov
The Book of Common Prayer : a biography
Praying the Lord's Prayer for spiritual breakthrough
The goddess companion : daily meditations on the feminine spirit
In this richly illustrated book, religious historian Eamon Duffy discusses the Book of Hours, unquestionably the most intimate and most widely used book of the later Middle Ages. He examines surviving copies of the personal prayer books which were used for private, domestic devotions, and in which people commonly left traces of their lives. Manuscript prayers, biographical jottings, affectionate messages, autographs, and pious paste-ins often crowd the margins, flyleaves, and blank spaces of such books. From these sometimes clumsy jottings, viewed by generations of librarians and art historians as blemishes at best, vandalism at worst, Duffy teases out precious clues to the private thoughts and public contexts of their owners, and insights into the times in which they lived and prayed. His analysis has a special relevance for the history of women, since women feature very prominently among the identifiable owners and users of the medieval Book of Hours.
Marking the hours : English people and their prayers 1240-1570
With hearts, hands and voices : spirituality for everyday life
A book of prayers : poems, prayers and thoughts for every day
Shakespeare's common prayers : the Book of common prayer and the Elizabethan age
A guide to prayer
