http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21771 emission allowances
emission allowances
Case Billerud and the proportionality of the EU ETS excess emissions penalty
Essays on energy and climate policy : green certificates, emissions trading and electricity prices
Protection against loss of title under Finnish law with regard to EU ETS allowances
Essays on auction mechanisms and information in regulation pollution
Techno-economic study on the reduction measures, based on best available techniques of emissions (water, wastes, air) from the paper and board manufacturing industry
Legal aspects of carbon trading : Kyoto, Copenhagen, and beyond
Climate law in Finland and China : outlines of European and Chinese climate change mitigation and energy efficiency regulation
American environmental policy : the failures of compliance, abatement and mitigation
Business law forum 2010
EU action against climate change : the EU Emissions Trading Scheme
Pricing carbon : the European Union emissions trading scheme
Climate change and european emissions trading : lessons for theory and practice
Administrative structures and implementation of the Community directives on the dangerous substances discharged into the aquatic environment
Successful environmental policy : a critical evaluation of 24 cases
Carbon markets : an international business guide
The environment handbook
Ships and shipping : regulating energy efficiency and CO2 emissions
Regulating Industrial pollution : the case of Finland
Control of hazardous air pollutants in OECD countries
Law and policy for reducing greenhouse gas emissions in Japan
Climate change, human rights and distributive justice
Assessment of the cost involved with the Commission's draft proposal for a directive on the limitation of the organic solvent emissions from the industrial sectors : final report : executive summary
Environmental justice and sustainability in the former Soviet Union
Northern Europe's seas - Northern Europe's environment : report to the Nordic Council's International Conference on the Pollution of the Seas, 16.-18. October 1989
Emissions trading design : a critical overview
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 2, Air
Legal aspects of implementing the Kyoto Protocol mechanisms : making Kyoto work
Game theory and international environmental cooperation
Economics of natural resources and the environment
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 6, Waste
Climate change law  : objectives, instruments and structures of a new area of law
Who gains from credited forest carbon sinks : Finland and other annex I countries in comparison
Corporate social responsibility
Best environmental practices in metal mining operations
Carbon pricing : design, experiences and issues
Environmental emission data - international comparability : study upon the need for international harmonization of the relevant determination procedures
Air pollution control in the European Community : implementation of the EC directives in the twelve member states
Carbon pricing, growth and the environment
Carbon Pricing reflects upon and further develops the ongoing and worthwhile global debate into how to design carbon pricing, as well as how to utilize the financial proceeds in the best possible way for society. The world has recently witnessed a significant downward adjustment in fossil fuel prices, which has negative implications for the future of our environment. In light of these negative developments, it is important to understand the benefits of environmental sustainability through well-documented research. This discerning book considers the design of carbon taxes and examines the consequential outcomes of different taxation compositions as regulatory instruments. Expert contributors assess a variety of national experiences to provide an empirical insight into the use of carbon taxes, emissions trading, energy taxes and excise taxes. The overarching discussion concludes that successful policies used by some countries can be implemented in other jurisdictions with minimum new research and experimentation. This astute work will benefit scholars, practitioners and policymakers alike with an interest in the fields of environmental law, environmental economics, sustainable development and taxation law.
Environmental finance and investments
Third International Conference on European Union Environmental Law : Helsinki, May 7-8th 1998.
Climate governance in the Arctic : introduction and theoretical framework
Eco-finance : the legal design and regulation of market-based environmental instruments
Environmental policy : legal and economic instruments
In this thesis we consider emissions trading under various market imperfections such as uncertainty over permit price, imperfect competition and noncompliance. First, we study the effects of uncertain permit price on the firms choice of emission intensive and clean inputs in an multi-input production process. We also assess the risk aversion factors of some Finnish heat and power producers. Second, we study imperfect competition in output and permit markets with a two-stage model, where output decision is made before permit trades. The emphasis is on the strategic interaction between firms and on the efficiency increasing regulation. Third, we turn back to uncertainty and analyse the welfare difference between emissions trading and emission tax, when some of the firms may be noncompliant. The main finding is that welfare is greater with emission tax than with emissions trading, when at least one firm is noncompliant. Finally, we extend some existing models of permit banking and borrowing to encompass also noncompliant behavior of firms. Here, we analyse the incentives of compliant firms to become noncompliant at some point in time and also the time paths of the choice variables.
Abstract (1 s.).
A guide to emissions trading : risk management and business implications
Emissions trading under market imperfections
Sustainable development as a principle of international law : resolving conflicts between climate measures and WTO law
Future climate change : volume 3, politics and solutions
Hearing the public in environmental permit procedures
Seeking redress in National Court against the institutions of the Clean Development Mechanism : a path to justice for private legal entities?
Business law forum 2005
Towards auctioning : the transformation of the European greenhouse gas emissions trading system : present and future challenges to competition law
Techno-economic evaluation of significant CO2 emission reductions in the iron and steel industry with CCS
Climate change policy instruments for future use : personal carbon trading and Lindahl mechanisms
A short introduction to climate law in Finland
The case(s) of Framtiden i våre hender and Natuskyddsföreningen i Strömstad vs. Borregaard and Saugbrugsforeningen - discharges from wood-processing industry into the Glomma and Iddefjorden
Climate change law and policy in Norway
'New' instruments of environmental governance : national experiences and prospects
A manual for the preparers and users of eco-efficiency indicators : version 1.1
An EU emission trading scheme for shipping? : international law challenges
The case of Vuotos
