http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21826 vocational teachers
vocational teachers
A guide to staff & educational development
The future makers : professional teachers promoting pedagogical change
Exploring Teachers' Motivation for Teaching and Professional Development in Ethiopia : Voices from the Field
Being a teacher in England : teacher development in the biographies of three English primary school teachers
Pedagogical leadership to support new teachers' growth
In educational political discussions diversity is approached as a challenge connected to cognitive,  linguistic, cultural, ethnic or sex questions. The greatest obstacles of inclusion are connected to  attitudes towards diversity. Vocational education in Finland is striving to create learning environments,  schools, educational organizations, work life and possibilities to include mixed ability students  according to inclusive ideology. Implementing those principles is supported by commitment, new  pedagogical solutions, curricula, learning environments, flexible and individual learning paths and  teachers' professional competencies. The aim is to make special needs students study together with  fellow students in an environment suitable to learning and studying, despite different starting points.  The number of special needs students has increased in vocational institutes. All teachers should have  special pedagogical preparedness in teacher education.  The research questions were:  1. What kind of experiences do teachers have for teaching/ guiding special needs students in an  inclusive learning environment at vocational secondary level?  2. What kind of competences do teachers think they are expected to have in teaching/ guiding special  needs students at vocational secondary level?  3. What kind of experiences do vocational teachers have to support special needs students in practice?  The research material consisted of semi-structured thematic interviews of seven (N=7) vocational  teachers in 2015 – 2016 from five various fields of science, with professional experience ranging from  5 to 28 years. The interviews were transcribed word for word.  The analyzing method was qualitative contents analysis. Attention was paid to similarities and  differences of opinions. Efforts were made to create a global and clear picture of the phenomenon to  be studied. Thus this research aims at the interpretation of individual experiences.  The research outcomes show that vocational teachers experience daily activities positively in inclusive  learning environments. Efforts of education organizers are praised for special pedagogical solutions,  various forms of support and guidance. The significance of a teacher's personal attitude to students'  progress is also clearly observable. Although the work is challenging and requires giving up traditional  teacher roles, experiences of success are rewarding and encouraging. Teachers feel that when a worry  appears, the matters must be grabbed immediately.
Spanning boundaries in collaboration : developing vocational teacher education in Estonia
Developing teacher-student counselling training in Oulu University of Applied Sciences : knowledge building through collaboration
Supervising teaching practice in vocational teacher education : supervisors' conceptions
Videobased learning and teaching in wellbeing studies in vocational teacher education
Abstract: Follow-up and evaluation of the teacher education development programme 2005.
Widening perspectives of teacher education : studies on theory-practice relationship, reflection, research and professional development
Student perspectives on vocational teacher education in the English program : – With an  epilogue on the  counselors’ Perspective  by  Leena  Härkäpää & Riitta  Larna
One + one is more than two : a dialogical mentor relationship in  vocational teacher education
Competence framework for VET professions : handbook for practitioners
National pathways and European dimensions of trainers' professional development
"First year teacher" eight years later : an inquiry into teacher development
Individual and collective reflection : how to meet the needs of development in teaching
School-teacher : a sociological study
Supervising teaching practice in vocational teacher education: teachers' conceptions of themselves as tutors
Mentoring has emerged as an essential and effective process for developing teacher practice. The holistic student-centred guidance model is utilised to define the mentors' roles and inputs in the teacher practice mentoring process. The purpose of this article is to describe mentors' perceptions of mentoring teacher students in teacher practice at the School of Vocational Teacher Education in Oulu, Finland. The material for the development project was collected by conducting an inquiry at the beginning of mentors' guidance training. The study participants included 21 mentors from different vocational schools. In the mentoring process, the interaction and cooperation between mentor and mentee plays an essential role. Mentors' perceptions of their role in mentoring focus mainly on educational guidance and personal guidance. According to the findings, more attention could be focused on mentoring teacher students' vocational development during teacher practice. The results can be used in developing the mentors' guidance training.
Developing teacher students co-operation skills and critical  thinking
Professional development : the experiences of primary school teachers in Tanzania
Vocational teacher education in Finland : towards broad-based teaching
Early childhood teacher or leader? : early childhood directors' perceptions of their identity
Vocational teachers in the face of major educational reform: Individual ways of  negotiating professional identities.
Self evaluation and portfolio development in beginning teachers' learning process
What concerns teacher students in teaching?
Videobased learning and teaching in wellbeing studies in vocational teacher  education
Why in-service teachers left their employment and pursued master's studies at a Finnish university
A practical guide to mentoring, coaching, and peer-networking : teacher professional development in schools and colleges
Towards competence-based practices in vocational education : what will  the process require from teacher education and teacher identities?
What it takes to be a teacher : the role of personal and professional development
Levels of autonomy and responsiblities of teachers in Europe
Changes of work role of Finnish vocational teachers in the 2000's
In Finland, the Pedagogical Studies for Vocational Teachers include 10 credits of studies in education. Half of our  students complete them in connection with the pedagogical studies for teachers. The training consisting of distance  education has been traditionally bought from the University. Some of the students have felt that studying education  according to the university requirements has been hard for them. They would like a more practical approach to  educational studies. Our students also come from a large area in northern Finland. Therefore, an opportunity for  distance education is important for them. Tutoring has an important role in this implementation. To respond to these  challenges, we have designed a more practical implementation of the educational studies, in which the students only  have two face-to-face days. The new implementation was piloted in the autumn term 2012. The pilot succeeded very  well. Students liked to study and learnt a lot about the different areas of education. The study was continued in the  Spring 2014. Students of Education (19 )made the same pre and post-surveys like in the Pilot. Research results were  quite similar than in Pilot study.
Becoming a teacher : an inquiring dialogue for the beginning teacher
Educating teachers through professional development to use aesthetic qualities in schools
Critical learning incidents and use as a learning method : a comparison of Finnish and British nurse student teachers
Towards vocational top expertise
Clarifying vocational teachers' professional thinking in Oulu Polytechnic
Seeking New Perspectives on the Development of Teacher Education   A Study of the Finnish Context
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
The competent teacher 2010-2020 : the competences of teaching staff in upper secondary vocational education and training : final report
Quality enhancement in teacher education : Tanzanian teacher educators' conceptions and experiences
The teacher career cycle : understanding and guiding the professional development of teachers
The novice language teacher's guide to survival : dialogue between the new and the experienced language teacher
Towards Well-Being at School with Integrative Pedagogy
Moving mosaic : exploring collegial collaboration as a way of indentifying and transforming the culture of dance teaching
In-service teachers' learning through integrating theory and practice
Teachers' professional development : Europe in international comparison : an analysis of teachers' professional development based on the OECD's Teaching and Learning International Survey (TALIS)
Vocational education aims to prepare competent workforce for the needs of continuously changing work life. A competent employee does not only carry out routine tasks but is also required to have the ability to act in the communities of practice in his field and develop his way of working. The challenge of Finnish school-based vocational education has been in creating such learning environments that promote learning professional knowledge demanded by work life. The challenge has required vocational teachers to develop their competences in collaboration with employers. The research covers the role of Finnish vocational teachers' authentic work placement periods in developing competences from the viewpoint of sociocultural learning. During the work placement period, a teacher furthers his or her competences by working in goal-oriented and planned ways in the work communities of enterprises or in the public sector of their fields. The purpose of the present qualitative case study is to increase the understanding of the role of authentic work placement periods in vocational teachers' competence. Experiences of teachers representing different subjects were studied during their work placement periods. The results show that work placement period supports the development of teachers' competences and provides prerequisites for work-based vocational education.
Supervising teaching practice in vocational teacher education : teachers conceptions of themselves as supervisors : phenomenographic approach
Vocational Teacher's Competence in Inclusive Learning Environment
A study on the promotion of adults' oral English communication and teacher development in liberal and tertiary education
Equal access pedagogy and work life competence among tertiary teachers
Competence-based education refers to the integration of knowledge,  skills, attitudes and interactivity as the intended outcomes of learning. It  makes use of lifelong learning and lifelike tasks in realistic settings and  requires the cooperation of teachers. This research was prompted by the  desire to explain why collegial cooperation often seems to be problematic  in schools and universities. Are there certain social structures or  behavioural patterns that influence the cooperative culture in teacher  communities? The research material was collected in 2013 and 2014 in  Oulu, Finland. The target groups were both newly qualified and experienced  vocational teachers at all educational levels (N=30). The data collection  methods were open questions in interviews and questionnaires.  The research approach and analysis methods were qualitative. The theoretical  background is in humanistic-cognitive and experiential learning  as well as in dynamic epistemic conceptions. The findings show that the  prevailing model in teacher communities is individualistic, disciplinedivided  and course-based, especially among older teachers. The obstacles  refer to teachers' self-image and a deeply rooted fear of criticism  or revelation of incompetence. The promoters of cooperation were connected  to the changing practices and desire of sharing with colleagues.
Professional development among educators pursuing a B.Ed. program in special education in Tanzania : a study of motives and perceived outcomes
Teacher educators amid conflicting demands : tensions between individual and organizational development
Learning and teaching oral communication in English in vocational school : learners' and teachers' views
VET teachers and trainers in Finland
The role of school leadership in learning at work and professional development in three European countries
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Towards professional growth by teachers : peer mentoring program
Student teachers innovating on the blackboard learning platform
Growing as a teacher : goals and pathways of ongoing teacher learning
Teachers' life-cycle from initial teacher education to experienced professional : ATEE 2011 annual conference proceedings
International virtual teamwork offers new opportunities for the professional development of teachers. In this paper, we examine the initial experiences in an ongoing international virtual benchmarking project coordinated by the Finnish Online University of Applied Sciences. What challenges does an international context present for project construction and collaboration? Data from five countries, in the form of participant reflections and researchers' observations, were analysed according to four types of barriers: language, time, technical and mental barriers. Initial data indicates that trust is an essential starting point, as there is neither time nor possibilities to build mutual trust by traditional means. Organisational confidentiality issues, however, can complicate the situation. The project introduces 'collision' as a method of professional development, in which not only physical and organisational borders are crossed, but also mental barriers, as skills and competencies needed in global learning environments are acquired.
Scire, sentire, facere : towards intertwining theory and practice in vocational  teachers' and teacher educators' expertise
Modernising vocational education and training : fourth report on vocational training research in Europe : background report. Vol. 2
Digital Literacy Skills : for FE Teachers
Students' perceptions of highly interactive, reflective and process oriented eLearning courses
On becoming a teacher
Mentors' perceptions of teacher practice : a  case study of the School of Vocational Teacher Education
Cooperative jigsaw method in virtual environment: a case from Finnish vocational teacher  education
The Bolashak Fellowship program in HAMK University of Applied Sciences, Finland 2013-2014
Mentor and working environment in support of vocational student   teachers' professional development
Student perspectives on vocational teacher education in the English program : with an epilogue on the counselors' perspective by Leena Härkäpää & Riitta Larna
Professional growth and development : directions, delivery and dilemmas
The changing role of the teacher
Educational Studies Collaboratively via Distance and Contact learning
eLearning and organizational learning in vocational educational institutions
Guide for the implementation of vocational teachers' work placement periods
Achieving competence, success and excellence in teaching
Growing minds : on becoming a teacher
Between school and working life: Vocational teachers  agency in boundary-crossing settings
Vocational teachers' professional agency in the stream of change
What concerns student teachers in teaching
Dialogical mentoring in the supervising of student teachers' practice
Changing literacy practices:a becoming of a new teacher agency
Reflections on creating an international virtual benchmarking model for authentic e-learning : crossing boundaries and breaking down barriers
Towards Competence-based Practices in Vocational  Education : What Will the Process Require from  Teacher Education and Teacher Identities?
The utilisation of information and communications technology in vocational education institutions
Integrating theory and practice in vocational teacher education
Practical skills, education and development : vocational education and training in Finland
