http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21820 papyri
papyri
New documents illustrating early Christianity. Vol. 7, A review of the Greek inscriptions and papyri first published in 1982-83
Annotations in Greek and Latin texts from Egypt
Excavations at Nessana. Vol. 3, Non-literary papyri
The Michigan medical codex (P. Mich. 758 = P. Mich. inv. 21)
Papyrus : structure and usage
Menches, komogrammateus of Kerkeosiris : the doings and dealings of a village scribe in the late Ptolemaic period (120-110 B.C.)
Papyri in the Princeton University collections. 2
Tax documents from Theadelphia : papyri of the second century A.D
Papyri Michaelidae : being a catalogue of the Greek and Latin papyri, tablets and ostraca in library of mr. G. A. Michaïlidis of Cairo
The newest Sappho : P.Sapph. Obbink and P.GC inv.105, frs. 1-4
New Testament Greek papyri and parchments : new editions
"Investigates private letters and official documents found at the ancient Egyptian city of Oxyrhynchus pertaining to Christians in the pre-Constantinian era, taking the reader to the marketplace, church, and court room. Analyzes scribal habits, discovers the city's first known bishop and examines his work, and finds evidence of Christian resistance during times of persecution"--Provided by publisher.
The Derveni Papyrus : Cosmology, Theology and Interpretation
The new Egyptian "Tale of two brothers" : a mythological, religious, literary and historico-political study of the papyrus d'Orbiney
New documents illustrating early Christianity. Vol. 10, A review of the Greek and other inscriptions and papyri published between 1988 and 1992
Papyri in the Princeton University collections. 3
The papyrus of Hor (BM EA 10479) : with papyrus MacGregor: the late period tradition at Akhmim
On the primaeval ocean
The Petrie papyri, second edition (P. Petrie 2). Vol. 1, The Wills
Psalm book : the Manichaean Coptic papyri in the Chester Beatty Library. Pt. 2, Fasc. 2, Die Herakleides-Psalmen
Talking books : readings in Hellenistic and Roman books of poetry
"Collecting documentary evidence that appeared in publications between 1988 and 1992, volume 10 reproduces, translates, and reviews a selection of Greek inscriptions and papyri that focus on major social institutions of the time. A comprehensive series of indexes for volumes 6-10 offers a cumulative perspective on many topics."--Page 4 of cover.
An ancient Egyptian book of hours : (Pap. Brit. Mus. 10569)
The Petra papyri
The documentary papyri are an unparalleled source for the study of women in antiquity. Among them are numbers of female-authored texts which allow women's voices to be heard. In the period to 400 CE twenty-six of these texts provide information on Christian women's religious lives. This book analyses these papyri. They give insight into Christian women's knowledge and use of biblical texts, their practice of prayer, their theological understanding of God, their lives and relationships. This book also examines texts written to Christian women or referring to Christian women among which are a valuable group referring to ascetic women. The perspectives of the papyri nuance what is known about women from other sources.
Hellenistic bookhands
The Petra Papyri III
Everyday writing in the Graeco-Roman East
Christian women in the Greek papyri of Egypt to 400 CE
Catalogue of the Greek and Latin papyri in the John Rylands Library, Manchester. Vol. 4, Documents of the Ptolemaic, Roman, and Byzantine Periods (Nos. 552-717)
Islamic paper : a study of the ancient craft
Tax lists and transportation receipts from Theadelphia
Hieratic texts from the collection
This volume publishes a new "Coptic handbook of ritual power", comprising a complete 20 page parchment codex from the second half of the first millennium AD. It consists of an invocation including both Christian and Gnostic elements, ritual instructions, and a list of twenty-seven spells to cure demonic possession, various ailments, the effects of magic, or to bring success in love and business. The codex is not only a substantial new addition to the corpus of magical texts from Egypt, but, in its opening invocation, also provides new evidence for Sethian Gnostic thoughtin Coptic texts. "A Coptic handbook of ritual power" is the first volume in the series The Macquarie Papyri, which will publish the papyri in the collection of the Museum of Ancient Cultures, Macquarie University (Sydney, Australia).
Papyri in the Princeton University collections. 1
The Carlsberg Papyri, vol. 13, presents an exhaustive catalogue of Egyptian funerary manuscripts in Danish collections. The volume includes sixteen papyrus manuscripts, two of which are preserved intact, and smaller pieces of inscribed linen from six mummies. The material spans a period of more than a millennium, ranging from c. 1200 BC to AD 100. Most of the manuscripts are guides to the afterlife; eighteen of them contain texts and vignettes from the Book of the Dead, while a minor fragment preserves an illustration from the Book of Amduat. The three remaining manuscripts has previously been published.
Greek papyri in the library of Cornell University
Greek papyri from the Cairo museum : together with papyri of Roman Egypt from American collections
The true history of the socalled Artemidorus Papyrus ; with an interim text
New classical fragments and other Greek and Latin papyri
Greetings in the Lord : early Christians and the Oxyrhynchus papyri
To the origins of Greek stenography (P. MOnts. Roca 1)
Papyri from mummy cartonnages
The "Artemidorus Papyrus" (P. Artemid.), first published in 2008, is potentially the most significant new discovery in recent years for a range of fields within Classics: the history of drawing in the Greco-Roman world and more generally issues in the history of art, the history of ancient mapping, and the history of geographical writing in Hellenistic Egypt. Its spectacular and unprecedented collection of images and texts has been the subject of lively and impassioned debate. At a recent conference at St John's College, Oxford, an international panel of scholars discussed the artefact, the images, the map and the texts on the papyrus.
Papyri from Hermopolis and other documents of the Byzantine period
Papyrus British Museum 10808 and its cultural and religious setting
Textbook of Syrian Semitic inscriptions. Vol. 4, Aramaic inscriptions and documents of the Roman period
A miscellany of demotic texts and studies
This is a comprehensive study of the Derveni Papyrus. The papyrus, found in 1962 near Thessaloniki, is not only one of the oldest surviving Greek papyri but is also considered by scholars as a document of primary importance for a better understanding of the religious and philosophical developments in the fifth and fourth centuries BC. Gábor Betegh aims to reconstruct and systematically analyse the different strata of the text and their interrelation by exploring the archaeological context; the interpretation of rituals in the first columns of the text; the Orphic poem commented on by the author of the papyrus; and the cosmological and theological doctrines which emerge from the Derveni author's exegesis of the poem. Betegh discusses the place of the text in the context of late Presocratic philosophy and offers an important preliminary edition of the text of the papyrus with critical apparatus and English translation.
The Antinoopolis papyri
Papyri from the New York University Collection II (P.NYU II)
The Herakleopolite Nome : a catalogue of the toponyms with introduction and commentary
Studies on the Derveni papyrus
Books of breathing and related texts
The Flinders Petrie papyri : with transcriptions, commentaries, and index : autotypes 1 to 30. Part 2
Documentary Arabic private and business letters on papyrus : form and function, content and context
A transportation archive from fourth-century Oxyrhynchus : (P. Mich. XX)
Catalogue of the Greek and Latin papyri in the John Rylands Library, Manchester. Vol. 2, Documents of the Ptolemaic and Roman periods (Nos.62-456)
Catalogue of the Greek and Latin papyri in the John Rylands Library, Manchester. Vol. 1, Literary texts (Nos.1-61)
Upon slavery in Ptolemaic Egypt
The Egyptian book of the dead documents in the Oriental Institute Museum at the University of Chicago
Graeco-Roman Fayum : texts and archaeology : proceedings of the third International Fayum Symposion, Freudenstadt, May 29-June 1, 2007
Fayûm towns and their papyri
The magical book of Mary and the angels : (P. Heid. Inv. Kopt. 685)
Images and texts on the "Artemidorus papyrus" : working papers on P.Artemid. (St John's College Oxford, 2008)
Demotic texts from the collection
The chapters of Coming forth by day or the Theban recension of The book of the dead. Vol. 2, Chapters LXV-CLII
Care and conservation of manuscripts 13 : proceedings of the thirteenth international seminar held at the University of Copenhagen, 13th - 15th April 2011 ; [13th International Seminar on the Care and Conservation of Manuscripts]
Essays and papers : a miscellaneous output of Greek papyri from Graeco-Roman Egypt
Greek papyri from Gurob
Introduction to the law of the Aramaic papyri
Studies in Papyrus Amherst 63 : essays on the Aramaic texts in Aramaic/demotic Papyrus Amherst 63. Volume 1
From the contents of the libraries of the Suchos temples in the Fayyum. Pt. 1, A medical book from Crocodilopolis : P. Vindob. D. 6257
Narrative literature from the Tebtunis Temple Library
Scholars and colleagues of Sarah Clackson honored her memory through a two-day symposium, 'The Administration of Monastic Estates in Late Antique and Early Islamic Egypt,' held at Christ Church, Oxford, 25-26 September 2004. This rich and varied volume presents the papers given at that symposium plus four additional ones. The foreword presents a complete bibliography for Sarah Clackson and an essay examining her formative role in Coptic Studies up to the time of her premature death. The contributions consist of editions of previously unpublished ostraca and papyri, or of revised and expanded editions of previously published items (O.Clackson 1-34 and P.Clackson 35-50), and nine essays addressing socio-economic and religious issues that impacted the monastic communities of Egypt during Late Antiquity and the Early Islamic period.The volume concludes with the requisite indices: for the ostraca and papyri, indices nominum, rerum, et verborum, and a general index of topics for the commentaries on documents and the essays. Black-and-white images are provided for the ostraca and papyri.
Astronomical papyri from Oxyrhynchus (P. Oxy. 4133-4300a)
The gooseherds of Hou (Pap. Hou) : a dossier relating to various agricultural affairs from provincial Egypt of the early fifth century B.C
Documentary papyri from the Michigan collection
The text of the earliest New Testament Greek manuscripts
The handbook illustrates 94 Greek literary papyrus texts from Egypt and Herculaneum and documents the different types of scripts used in copying works of Greek literature, from the earliest surviving bookrolls written in the 4th century BC up to the first century AD. The aim is twofold: (1) to establish their relative (and, wherever possible, absolute) chronological sequence, and (2) to distinguish and characterize their stylistic features. Specimens of different types of scripts ("hands") that appear stylistically related have been grouped together. In their joint introduction, the authors summarize the main results of their investigation and attempt to identify the social and cultural factors that have determined the development of different types of Greek literary scripts during the Hellenistic and Augustan era. The book also contains a comprehensive bibliography and indices.
The Petra Papyri I
The story of Petese son of Petetum : and seventy other good and bad stories (P. Petese)
Coptic documentary texts from Kellis. Vol. 2, P. Kellis VII (P. Kellis Copt. 57-131)
Catalogue of Egyptian funerary papyri in Danish collections
The transformation of an ancient Egyptian narrative : P. Sallier III and the battle of Kadesh
Late Ramesside letters and communications
The verb in the Greek non-literary papyri
Servant of Mut : studies in honor of Richard A. Fazzini
The Petra Papyri IV
The Flinders Petrie papyri : with transcriptions, commentaries, and index : autotypes 1 to 30
The Brooklyn Museum Aramaic papyri : new documents of the fifth century B.C. from the Jewish colony at Elephantine
Late-Egyptian miscellanies
The chapters of Coming forth by day or the Theban recension of The book of the dead. Vol. 3, Chapters CLIII-CXC and appendices
Light from ancient letters : private correspondence in the non-literary papyri of Oxyrhynchus of the first four centuries and its bearing on the New Testament language and thought
Griechische Texte. 10, Greek papyri of the Byzantine period
Papyri from Karanis : Third series (Michigan papyri, vol. 9)
Papyri in memory of P.J. Sijpesteijn (P. Sijp.)
Apokrimata : decisions of Septimus Severus on legal matters
The excavations at Dura-Europos. 5,1, Final report : The parchments and papyri
Monastic estates in late antique and early Islamic Egypt : ostraca, papyri, and essays in memory of Sarah Clackson
The Petra Papyri II
A method of extracting cartonnages and some observations on their texts
A tale of Woe : from a hieratic papyrus in the A. S. Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts in Moscow : [Papyrus Pushkin 127]
The Leiden magical papyrus I 343 + I 345
Egyptian planetary texts ; On some astronomical papyri and related problems of ancient geography
Acts of The Seventh International Conference of Demotic Studies : Copenhagen, 23-27 August 1999
Studies in the Hekanakhte papers
Greek readers' digests? : studies on a selection of subliterary papyri
Greek papyri from Montserrat (P.Monts.Roca IV)
A Coptic handbook of ritual power (P. Macq I 1)
Studies on the illustrated Theban funerary papyri of the 11th and 10th centuries B.C
The Amherst papyri, being an account of the Greek papyri in the collection of the Right Hon. Lord Amherst of Haoleney, F.S.A. at Didlington Hall, Norfolk
Sixty-five papyrological texts : presented to Klaas A. Worp on the occasion of his 65th birthday
An Alexandrian erotic fragment and other Greek papyri chiefly Ptolemaic
Coptic documentary texts from Kellis
The administration of Egypt in the late Middle Kingdom : the hieratic documents
To mega biblion : book-ends, end-titles, and coronides in papyri with hexametric poetry
Politics, monasticism, and miracles in sixth century Upper Egypt : a critical edition and translation of the Coptic texts on Abraham of Farshut
Leitourgia papyri : documents on compulsory public service in Egypt under Roman rule
The Documents from the Bar Kokhba period in the Cave of Letters : plates
Short texts from Coptic Ostraca and papyri
Studies in the Aramaic legal papyri from Elephantine
The Petese stories II : (P. Petese II)
Documents from Berenike. Vol. 1, Greek ostraka from the 1996-1998 seasons
Three demotic papyri in the Brooklyn Museum : a contribution to the study of contracts and their instruments in Ptolemaic Egypt
The chapters of Coming forth by day or the Theban recension of The book of the dead. Vol. 1, Chapters I-LXIV
Catalogue of the Greek and Latin papyri in the John Rylands Library, Manchester. Vol. 3, Theological and literary texts (Nos. 457-551)
The Documents from the Bar Kokhba period in the Cave of Letters : Hebrew, Aramaic, and Nabatean-Aramaic papyri
The archive of the Theban choachytes (second century B.C.) : a survey of the demotic and Greek papyri contained in the archive
Documents from Berenike. Vol. 2, Texts from the 1999-2001 seasons
