http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21856 nomination
nomination
Rapid automatized naming and reading fluency in children with learning difficulties
A cross-linguistic study of lexical iconicity and its manifestation in bird names
Naming nature : the clash between instinct and science
Naming-constructions in some Indo-European languages
Names and Nunavut : culture and identity in Arctic Canada
100 great branding ideas
City names
Innovations in names and name patterns was the theme of a Nordic Symposium held in Halmstad in November 2013. The symposium was arranged by Halmstad University in collaboration with NORNA. The proceedings present 20 symposium papers. They offers insights into names in multicultural environments, changes in the gender marking of first names, introduction of new names in the Swedish name day calendar, the role of names in literature, as well as emergence of new name patterns in place names, personal names, names of animals, planes, ships etc. The proceedings cover a large time span from iron age to contemporary time and deal with names from different Nordic countries as well as Germany. Several articles also present new theories and methods within the field of onomastics.
Predicting delayed letter name knowledge development and its relation to grade 1 reading achievement among children with and without familial risk for dyslexia
Onomastics in contemporary public space
Naming Europe with the East
Investigating a register label : integrated speech in Copenhagen
Superior brand name types in high & low context cultures
Towards fluent reading : from reading assessment to evidence-based interventions.
The Sami - indigenous people of northernmost Europe - have relied on traditional healing methods over generations. This pioneering volume documents, in accessible language, local healing traditions and demonstrates the effectiveness of using the resources local communities can provide. This collection of essays by ten experts also records how ancient healing traditions and modern health-care systems have worked together, and sometimes competed, to provide solutions for local problems. Idioms of Sami Health and Healing is one of the first English-language studies of the traditional healing methods among the Sami, and offers valuable insight and academic context to those in the fields of anthropology, medical anthropology, transcultural psychiatry, and circumpolar studies. Idioms of Sami Health and Healing is the second volume in the Patterns of northern traditional healing series. Contributors: Kjell Birkely Andersen, Anne Karen Haetta, Mona Anita Kiil, Britt Kramvig, Trine Kvitberg, Stein R. Mathisen, Barbara Helen Miller, Marit Myrvoll, Randi Inger Johanne Nymo, Sigvald Persen.
Invisible colors : a visual history of titles / John C. Welchman
Visions visuals : poésies à l'encre et sur papier = Poetry for Indian ink and paper
The kitten with no name
Idioms of Sámi health and healing
Does training in syllable recognition improve reading speed? A computer-based trial with poor readers from second and third grade.
Methods and principles of systematic zoology
ISO Recomendation. R 704 : naming principles
Names and naming : people, places, perceptions and power
This surprising, untold story about the poetic and deeply human (cognitive) capacity to name the natural world illuminates science's limitations and the urgency of staying connected to the natural world by using familiar, rather than scientific, names.
This book explores international trends in naming and contributes to the growing field of onomastic enquiry. Naming practices are viewed here through a critical lens, demonstrating a high level of political and social engagement in relation to how we name people and places. The contributors to this publication examine why names are not only symbols of a person or place, but also manifestations of cultural, linguistic and social heritage in their own right. Presenting analyses of geographically and culturally diverse perspectives and case studies, the book investigates how names can represent deeper kinds of identity, act as objects of attachment and dependence, and reflect community mores and social customs while functioning as powerful predicators of inclusion and exclusion. The book will be of interest to researchers in onomastics, sociology, human geography, linguistics and history.
Tampopo head and the name of the dogs
Generality aspects of color naming and color meaning
Rentyhorn, Agassizhorn
Writing on the edge : paratexts in narrative cinema
Rapid automatized naming and learning disabilities: Does RAN have a specific connection to reading or not?
Ethnic groups, naming and minority policy
