http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21872 clipbooks
clipbooks scrapbooks
Scrapbook
Freak art scrapbook : Chicago's Armory show in print, 1913
Journal your way : desigining & using handmade books
Walter Pfeiffer : scrapbooks 1969-1985
Mixed-media nature journals : new techniques for exploring nature, life, and memory
The encyclopedia of scrapbooking tools & techniques
Scrapped
The scrapbook in American life
Image art workshop : creative ways to embellish and enhance photographic images
Conservation of scrapbooks and albums : Postprints of the Book and Paper Group / Photographic Materials, Group Joint Session at the 27th Annual Meeting of the American Institute for Conservation of Historic and Artistic Works, June 1, 1999, St. Louis, Missouri
Spring is in the air, but the ladies of the Cumberland Creek Scrapbook Crop hardly have time to stop and smell the roses. Not when famed Irish dancer Emily McGlashen is found murdered in her studio just after the St. Patrick's Day parade - and one of the Crop's own members is the prime suspect. Vera's dance studio may have suffered when Emily waltzed into town, but the croppers know she's not a vengeful murderer. Lucky for her, co-scrapbooker Annie is a freelance reporter eager to vindicate her friend.
Taking flight : inspiration and techniques to give your creative spirit wings
The Salon album of Vera Sudeikin-Stravinsky
The joy of scrapbooking
The ladies of the Cumberland Scrapbook Crop are welcoming an eccentric newbie into their fold. A self-proclaimed witch, Cookie Crandall can whip up a sumptuous vegan meal and rhapsodize about runes and moon phases with equal aplomb. She becomes fast friends with her fellow scrapbookers, including freelance reporter Annie, with whom she shares shallow roots in a community of established family trees. So when Cookie becomes the prime suspect in a series of bizarre murders, the croppers get scrappy and set out to clear her name.
True vision : authentic art journaling
1000 artist journal pages : personal pages and inspirations
Teach yourself visually collage & altered art
Edward Bawden scrapbooks
Altered book collage
Art journal freedom : how to journal creatively with color & composition
The complete guide to scrapbooking : 100 techniques with 25 projects plus a swipefile of motifs and mottoes
Death of an Irish diva
Scrapbooks : an American history
The altered book scrapbook
The Encyclopedia on scrapbooking techiques : a step-by-step guide to crating beautiful scrapbook pages
Interactive mini scrapbooks
Collaborative art journals and shared visions in mixed media
