http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21869 soft law
soft law
Soft-law cooperation in international law : the Arctic Council's efforts to address climate change
Soft law in court : competition law, state aid and the Court of Justice of the European Union
Politics of development in the Barents region
Who regulates the food business - and who should?
Informal international lawmaking
How international law works : a rational choice theory
Non-State Actors, Soft Law and Protective Regimes : From the Margins
Responsible business : self-governance and law in transnational economic transactions
Environmental protection in the Arctic and Antarctica
Self-regulation in global value chain - a trade barrier or an opportunity for public-private co-operation?
"By offering critical perspectives of normative developments within international law, this volume of essays unites academics from various disciplines to address concerns regarding the interpretation and application of international law in context. The authors present common challenges within international criminal law, human rights, environmental law and trade law, and point to unintended risks and consequences, in particular for vulnerable interests such as women and the environment. Omissions within normative or institutional frameworks are highlighted and the importance of addressing accountability of state and non-state actors for violations or regressions of minimum protection guarantees is underscored. Overall, it advocates harmonisation over fragmentation, pursuant to the aspiration of asserting the interests of our collective humanity without necessarily advocating an international constitutional order"--
Finland : political, not legal
International sales law and arbitration : problems, cases and commentary
Commitment and compliance : the role of non-binding norms in the international legal system
Global business practices and human rights : new directions
The reflection of multilateral environmental agreements (MEAS) in the Barents environmental cooperation
Cloud computing is not a particular information technology but a concept/channel of communications, sometimes compared to network services such as providing gas or electricity. Cloud computing, giving an opportunity to use IT infrastructure and tools as a service, not a product, has become one of the most influential tendency in a development of modern IT, being a popular method of outsourcing of IT services for companies and individuals. A paper identifies key regulatory problems presently faced by cloud computing. Then a paper delivers a general overview of existing EU legal provisions that can be applied to cloud computing. The application of current regulations to solving problems resulting from cloud computing is rather limited what was confirmed by an opinion on data protection in cloud computing announced in July 2012 by so called Article 29 Working Party. The further part of a paper brings the analysis of the Commission's initiatives concerning cloud computing. Commission's strategy on cloud computing seeks solutions of many issues related to cloud computing in future (currently under preparation) EU regulations such as so-called General Data Protection Regulation and others. The paper concludes that the EU's regulatory policy on cloud computing should be based on 'soft framework' (unbinding soft law and policy measures) rather than binding regulation..
Protecting the environment or preventing military conflicts ? : policy dynamics
Soft law provides avenue of influence for indigenous peoples
Soft law
Tracing the roles of soft law in human rights
New developments in labour law : towards a hybrid type of labour law?
EU soft law in domestic legal systems: flexibility and diversity guaranteed?
Still high in the sky: facing legal challenges of cloud computing in the EU
By offering critical perspectives of normative developments within international law, this volume of essays unites academics from various disciplines to address concerns regarding the interpretation and application of international law in context. The authors present common challenges within international criminal law, human rights, environmental law and trade law, and point to unintended risks and consequences, in particular for vulnerable interests such as women and the environment. Omissions within normative or institutional frameworks are highlighted and the importance of addressing accountability of state and non-state actors for violations or regressions of minimum protection guarantees is underscored. Overall, it advocates harmonisation over fragmentation, pursuant to the aspiration of asserting the interests of our collective humanity without necessarily advocating an international constitutional order.
The construction of Europe : essays in honour of Emile Noël
Diverse soft-law cooperation forms in the Arctic ? : do they complement or contradict each other?
Computer crimes and digital investigations
Rules and government
International human rights in national law
Impact assessment in the multi-level context of the European Union
The integration of European financial markets : the regulation of monetary obligations
Das soft law der europäischen Organisationen = The soft law of European organisations = La soft law des organisations européennes
Reforming the Arctic Council against increasing climate change challenges in the north
Developing consumer protection of air passengers with reduced mobility in the EU   : stakeholder preferences for regulatory choices
Politics of development in the Barents Region
International governance and law : state regulation and non-state law
Non-state actors, soft law, and protective regimes : from the margins
The United Nations and crime prevention
Soft law, hard law and the north-south politics of climate change
The international environmental law-making process
