http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21847 cultural production
cultural production
Performing arts management : a handbook of professional practices
IEEE annals of the history of computing
Mega-event governance : drivers and potentials of the European Capitals of Culture
Nord nytt : nordisk tidskrift for folkelivsforskning
The player's game : towards understanding player production among computer game culture
Scandinavian journal of history
Arts management : uniting arts and audiences in the 21st century
Hong Kong : culture and the politics of disappearance
Creative industries : critical readings
A textbook of cultural economics
Arctic Design Week as an attractive tourism product
Studies in the history of gardens & designed landscapes : an international quarterly
The machinima reader
International journal of heritage studies
Creative arts marketing
Strategic management in the arts
When business meets culture : ideas and experiences for mutual profit
How to run a theatre : a witty, practical and fun guide to arts management
Landscape research
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
Being in between : an ethnographic study of opera and dialogical identity construction
'What 's for dinner?' seemed like a simple question-until journalist and supermarket detective Michael Pollan delved behind the scenes. From fast food and big organic to small farms and old-fashioned hunting and gathering, this young readers' adaptation of Pollan's famous food-chain exploration encourages kids to consider the personal and global health implications of their food choices. Examines the origins of the different food chains that have sustained humans throughout history, discussing how certain foods and cuisines have become a popular part of people's daily diets.
Ticket Sales Analysis for Live Nation Spain
The Scandinavian economic history review
How do theatre and performance transmit and dispute ideologies of neoliberalism? The essays in this collection, now available in paperback for the first time, examine the mechanisms and rhetorics artists, communities, and institutions deploy to produce theatre and performance for global audiences. Neoliberalism and Global Theatres: Performance Permutations explores how the conditions of neoliberalism affect productions of theatre and performance globally, including case studies about New Zealand, Singapore, Vietnam, China, Peru, Mexico, Indonesia, Brazil, India, Nigeria, and the United States. The 18 essays by cutting-edge scholars reveal how performance circulates, transmutes and challenges the disciplinary formations and assumptions organizing contemporary investment in market logics, and, paradoxical notions of freedom. The book brings together diverse perspectives that challenge readers to grapple with the effects of globalized capital on theater, dance, film, visual art, televisual performance and music. Neoliberalism and Global Theatres: Performance Permutations provides an excellent introduction to neoliberalism for arts and humanities students studying performance in a global context.
Theorizing cultural work : labour, continuity and change in the cultural and creative industries
Digital creativity
The Toyota way : 14 management principles from the world's greatest manufacturer
Developing best practices in event management
Over the last decade, machinima--the use of computer game engines to create movies--has emerged as a vibrant area in digital culture. Machinima as a filmmaking tool grew from the bottom up, driven by enthusiasts who taught themselves to deploy technologies from computer games to create animated films quickly and cheaply. The Machinima Reader is the first critical overview of this rapidly developing field. The contributors include both academics and artist-practitioners. They explore machinima from multiple perspectives, ranging from technical aspects of machinima, from real-time production to machinima as a performative and cinematic medium, while paying close attention to the legal, cultural, and pedagogical contexts for machinima. The Machinima Reader extends critical debates originating within the machinima community to a wider audience and provides a foundation for scholarly work from a variety of disciplines. This is the first book to chart the emergence of machinima as a game-based cultural production that spans technologies and media, forming new communities of practice on its way to a history, an aesthetic, and a market.
How To Build a Theatrical Society : Case Tyne Theatre Productions
Comparing cultural and creative production
American anthropologist
The American historical review
Translators, interpreters, mediators : women writers 1700-1900
Describes the management principles of Lean production that are employed by Toyota.
Environmental history
Annals of tourism research : ATR
Rural history
On enriching requirements engineering work using icons
Neoliberalism and global theatres : performance permutations
There is great temporal and spatial variation in precipitation in Finland. Both drought episodes and repeated, abundant rains may interfere with crop growth, yield and quality formation, and many agricultural operations (such as tillage, sowing, crop protection and harvesting). The windows for optimal operations are often narrow due to the short growing season and variable weather conditions. Field traffic at high soil moisture may e.g. cause soil compaction. Also, the high environmental footprint on agriculture under high latitude conditions is often attributable to fluctuations in precipitation. The station-wise precipitation observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for the time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to calculate the likelihood of: 1) drought periods and 2) periods with repeated rains with above normal precipitation sum so that both of these lasted for at least a) two weeks or b) three weeks. We demonstrated substantial spatial and temporal variation in the likelihood of drought and repeated rains: drought episodes were common during the early half of the growing season, while again repeated rains with high accumulated precipitation (lasting for two weeks) became common in the latter part of the growing season. Though, we highlighted in this paper some examples of how these events may affect agriculture and their environmental impacts, the datasets published here may be applied for many other assessments.
Sustainable projections : concepts in film festival management
Dance Production: Design and Technology introduces you to the skills you need to plan, design, and execute the technical aspects of a dance production. While it may not seem that staging a dance production is that different from a play or musical, in reality a dance performance offers up unique intricacies and challenges all its own, from scenery that accommodates choreography, to lighting design that sculpts the body, and costumes that complement movement. This unique book approaches the process of staging a dance production from a balanced perspective, making it an essential resource for dancers and designers alike. Covering a broad range of topics, author Jeromy Hopgood takes the reader through the process of producing dance from start to finish - including pre-production planning (collaboration, production process, personnel, performance spaces), design disciplines (lighting, sound, scenery, costumes, projections), stage management, and more. Bridging the gap between theatrical and dance design, the book includes a quick reference guide for theatrical and dance terminology, useful in giving dancers and designers a common working vocabulary that will ensure productive communication across the different fields.
Topos : European landscape magazine
Science, magic, and religion : the ritual processes of museum magic
An introduction to cultural production
Theatre management : producing and managing the performing arts
Turku 2011 - tieteen kulttuuripääkaupunki = Turku 2011 - the capital of science and culture
Cultural management and its boundaries: past, present, and future : symposium series: Cultural Management and the State of the Field
International Entrepreneurship in the Arts focuses on teaching students, artists, and arts managers specific strategies for expanding creative ventures that are already successful domestically to an international audience. Varbanova’s accessible writing outlines a systematic theoretical framework that guides the reader from generating an innovative idea and starting up an international arts enterprise to its sustainable international growth. Applying concepts, models, and tools from international entrepreneurship theory and practice, Varbanova analyzes how these function within the unique setting of the arts and culture sector. -- The book covers: Domestic inception of an arts enterprise, followed by international expansion, starting up an international arts venture in the early stages of its inception, presenting an arts activity or project in a foreign country or region, financing a startup venture with international resources, implementing diverse models of international partnership, starting up an arts venture that is run by a multinational team and creating an art product with international dimension -- The book’s 23 case studies and 54 short examples feature disciplines from fine arts and photography to music, theatre, and contemporary dance, and cover ventures in over 20 countries to provide students with practical insight into the issues and challenges facing real arts organizations. Aimed at students interested in the business aspects of arts and cultural ventures, it will also be of use to practitioners looking at ways to internationalize their own enterprises.
The Routledge companion to the cultural industries
"This book looks at the unique characteristics of cultural organizations and shows readers how to tailor a strategic plan to help these organizations meet their objectives. Including examples, cases, questions and suggestions for further reading, this book is designed to accompany classes on strategic planning, cultural management or arts management"--
International entrepreneurship in the arts
Creative industries and innovation in Europe : concepts, measures and comparative case studies
Relationships and sacred rituals : heterosexuality as a product of commercials
Temenos : studies in comparative religion presented by scholars in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
The science and art of cultural management : symposium series: Cultural Management and the State of the Field : Helsinki, Finland 16-18th April 2008
The cultural manager as global citizen : symposium series: Cultural Management and the State of the Field : Helsinki, Finland 18-20th April 2007
Envisioning the Tale of Genji : media, gender, and cultural production
The creative industries : culture and policy
The omnivore's dilemma : the secrets behind what you eat
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: II Precipitation
Key issues in the arts and entertainment industry
Value and the media : cultural production and consumption in digital markets
Management and the arts
Freedom from violence and lies : essays on Russian poetry and music
Plato - plutonium - Plutarch : trinity for contemporary plurality
"Designed for students and practitioners with little experience in not-for-profit management, Arts Management provides an indispensable guide to the theory and practice of managing arts and cultural organizations. This concise text engages readers with case studies and critical-thinking exercises that will develop their ability to adapt to a changing industry. From governance and human resources to program development, financial management, and marketing, Arts Management addresses the unique atmosphere of managing the arts today. It meets the standards of the AAAE (Association of Arts Administration Educators) guaranteeing that both current and future practitioners will be prepared to meet the challenges of managing today's arts organizations"--
The arts management handbook : new directions for sudents and practitioners
Environment and history
A simple statement : a guide to nonprofit arts management and leadership
Dance production : design and technology
American sociological review
Culture as a vocation : sociology of career choices in cultural management
Mikkeli meets Russia : a cultural event as a vehicle of local collaboration and learning : research plan
Ethnologia Fennica : Finnish studies in ethnology
What about cultural policy? : interdisciplinary perspectives on culture and politics
Anthropological journal of European cultures
Cultural manager 2020 : visions of future
Discourses on 'culture' and 'usability work' in software product development
Technical management for the performing arts : utilizing time, talent, and money
Event sponsorship
United in diversity : cultural policy and its dimensions
Technical Management for the Performing Arts: Utilizing Time, Talent, and Money is a comprehensive guide to the tools and strategies of a successful technical manager. This book demonstrates how you can coordinate personnel, raw materials, and venues, all while keeping a production on a tight schedule and within budget. From concept to realization, through nightly performances, Technical Management for the Performing Arts focuses on the technical and organization skills a technical manager must demonstrate, and emphasizes the need for creativity and interpersonal management of a team.
CELEBRATING THE PAST : Marketing and Development Plan for Rosenlund
The fifth edition of Management and the Arts provides you with theory and practical applications from all arts management perspectives including planning, marketing, finance, economics, organization, staffing, and group dynamics. Regardless of whether you are a manager in a theatre, museum, dance company, or opera, you will gain useful insights into strategic planning, organization, and integrated management theories. Case studies, statistics, and real-world examples will allow you get a handle on all aspects of arts managements, from budgeting and fundraising, to e-marketing and social networking, to working effectively with boards and staff members. Revised to reflect the latest thinking and trends in managing organizations and people, this fifth edition features class-tested questions in each chapter, which help you to integrate the material and develop ideas about how the situations and problems could have been handled. Case studies focus on the challenges facing managers and organizations every day, and "In the News" quotes give you real-world examples of principles and theories.
Social media and music : the digital field of cultural production
Production studies : cultural studies of media industries
Notes on fan organization : organization of consumption in copyrighted economy
Museum24 : collaborative writing as a method in local cultural heritage preservation
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Producing Theatre : a comprehensive and legal business guide
International journal of tourism research
Production and exchange of stone tools : prehistoric obsidian in the Aegean
