http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21801 health and wellness sector
health and wellness sector
Managerial competencies and training needs in the Finnish and Estonian social and health care industries
Human welfare and technology : papers from the HUSITA 3 Conference on IT and the Quality of Life and Services
Smart home : a social, technological and virtual learning and development environment
German market analysis for cholesterol monitor
Quantitative health research : issues and methods
Expanding roles for horticulture in improving human well-being and life quality : a proceedings of the XXVI International Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
Dreams and realities : information technology in the human services : the abstracts
Communicating in the health sciences
Spa business
Enterprise information systems design, implementation and management : organizational applications
Towards global and sustainable higher education [Julkaisurekisteriviite] : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
Changing practice in health and social care
Development of e-Strategy and web site improvements for Newtest Oy
Predictors of mortality in old age : contribution of self-rated health, physical functions, life satisfaction and social support on survival among older people
The new wellness revolution : how to make a fortune in the next trillion dollar industry
Summary.
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Studies on inequalities in information society : proceedings of the conference Well-being in the Information Society : WIS 2012 August 22-24, Turku, Finland
Creative tourism : a global conversation
Value co-creation through service portfolio designing in wellness industry : case Wasa Wellness
International journal of social welfare
Art, games and sensors harnessed to enhance well-being
Key concepts in healthcare education
Mood mapping : plot your way to emotional health and happiness
Service concepts and service integration in Costa del Sol
This book is a detailed and comprehensive guide to undertaking quantitative health research at postgraduate and professional level. It takes you through the entire research process and will help you execute high quality quantitative research that improves and informs clinical practice. Written by a team of research experts, this book includes chapters on communicating with ethics committees, recruiting samples from vulnerable populations, audit as a research approach, quasi-experimental designs and using cognitive interviewing, making it a new and innovative offering for health researchers.
Act, accept and be mindful : evaluation of three technology- and internet-delivered psychological interventions for mood and well-being
Revenue management for hospitality and tourism
The development and management of interpersonal trust in a business network in health, exercise, and wellbeing markets
Education intelligence : networking makes knowledge society strong : final report
The aim of the study was to define the value, produced to a company, by an employee satisfaction survey. As there are two different kinds of researches, internal and outsourced, the secondary purpose was to find out, whether there was any difference between these two methods. The research began in autumn 2008 and was finalized in May 2009.      In the beginning, a description of a good workplace will be given, followed by defining the most important issues for wellbeing at work. There are factors, which the individual can impact on, such as recruitment, commitment and sick leaves. There are also factors, which the organization can impact on, such as customer satisfaction, sales and brand image.    Semi structured interviews with professionals in management level, were used to gather information for this thesis. The outcomes of the interviews, supported by own experience and knowledge, will be presented and later analyzed.    The findings were not very surprising, as the results showed once more that employees are the most precious asset for any company. When the wellbeing of employees is emphasized, it results in more satisfied employees. After a period of time this turns into commitment towards the company, which eventually results into cost savings, through for example less sick leaves. Satisfied employees lead also to satisfied customers, which can also reflect on employee satisfaction. Pleased customers promote the company's image positively. This leads to a larger customer base and increased sales. At the same time the company creates interest for possible future employees. The circle closes when the money earned through satisfied employees is again invested into improvement of wellbeing at work.      The research also showed that it is not enough to only conduct employee satisfaction surveys, but it requires serious involvement and readiness for change, by the management. A serious distinction between internal and outsourced study could not be found. Money, time and benchmark possibilities were the issues, which varied the most and had most notable differences.     The most important conclusion was that it is necessary to research employee satisfaction in some way, to be able to develop the company's wellbeing in order to build a better place to work.
Abstract: Work organization and well-being of employees in social- and health care services : the case of elderly home care.
Managing depression with mindfulness for dummies
English summary.
Well-being tourism in Naantali : rebranding a travel destination
In this thesis we consider emissions trading under various market imperfections such as uncertainty over permit price, imperfect competition and noncompliance. First, we study the effects of uncertain permit price on the firms choice of emission intensive and clean inputs in an multi-input production process. We also assess the risk aversion factors of some Finnish heat and power producers. Second, we study imperfect competition in output and permit markets with a two-stage model, where output decision is made before permit trades. The emphasis is on the strategic interaction between firms and on the efficiency increasing regulation. Third, we turn back to uncertainty and analyse the welfare difference between emissions trading and emission tax, when some of the firms may be noncompliant. The main finding is that welfare is greater with emission tax than with emissions trading, when at least one firm is noncompliant. Finally, we extend some existing models of permit banking and borrowing to encompass also noncompliant behavior of firms. Here, we analyse the incentives of compliant firms to become noncompliant at some point in time and also the time paths of the choice variables.
Interactive CaringTV and userdriven eServices : the Safe Home project : final report
Innovillage tools for sustainable change
Towards global and sustainable higher education : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
Mental hygiene in teaching
Feasibility study for marketing Newtest Cholesterol and Bone Health Monitors : in Spanish health sector
Understanding wellbeing : an introduction for students and practitioners of health and social care
Management possibilities for interpersonal trust in a business network. Case: health-, exercise- and wellbeing markets
Feasibility study for marketing Newtest Cholesterol and Bone Health Monitors : in Spanish sport sector
Work engagement of kindergarten teachers
"This book investigates the creation and implementation of enterprise information systems, covering a wide array of topics such as flow-shop scheduling, information systems outsourcing, ERP systems utilization, Dietz transaction methodology, and advanced planning systems"--Provided by publisher.
Work Engagement of Kindergarten Teachers
Written by leading academic and industry experts actively engaged in revenue management, research and teaching this is a new and original treatment of the whole field for students and professionals.
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Emissions trading under market imperfections
Scandinavian journal of social welfare
From welfare to innovation : STI policies under the spotlight
Arts, health, entrepreneurship? : a conference on arts and health projects and practices on 22-23 October 2012 in Helsinki
Technological change and job redesign: implications for the quality of working life : a qualitative case study into employee experiences during the digitalization of radio and television program production
"Communicating in the Health Sciences, third edition is an accessible and engaging introduction to communication within the health sciences. It explores the nature of communication and the communication issues facing students and professionals in the health sciences. It explores the nature of communication and the communication issues facing students and professionals in the health sciences. It addresses a number of important skills, such as interpersonal communication; preparation for effective study; writing records, referrals and academic pieces; intercultural communication; and leading groups. This third edition follows a new five part structure: Understanding Communication, Learning to Communicate, Communicating in the Workplace, Communicating in Teams and Doing Advanced Communication. It also includes a new chapter on 'Digital Communication in a Networked World' and key term definitions in the margins."--Publisher's website.
Searching for the personal sense of work : promoting work-related well-being in vocational teachers' work.
A great day at the office : 10 simple strategies for maximising your energy and getting the best out of yourself and your day
International Conference : "Towards holistic well- being" August 29th - September 1st 2000 : oral and poster presentation abstracts
Sustainable welfare in a regional context
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Immigrants as active members in Finnish trade unions : intercultural relations and intercultural communication in The Trade Union for the Public and Welfare Sectors JHL
Spa management : the world ́s only spa management journal
Understanding the global spa industry : spa management
Tourism as a contributor to well-being and social capital : the 3rd Tourism Industry and Education Symposium May 19-21, 2005, Jyväskylä, Finland : symposium proceedings
Moving towards wellbeing : cross-border cooperation in entrepreneurship
The value of employee satisfaction surveys : a comparison between internal research and outsourced study
The structural model of child well-being : children's emotional well-being and social relationships in elementary school.
Interdisciplinary studies journal
Advances in hospitality and leisure
From welfare to innovation : STI-policies under the spotlight
Hyvinvointia kaikille : hyvinvointiosaaminen Turun ammattikorkeakoulussa = Wellbeing know-how at Turku University of Applied Sciences
Culminatum Ltd Oy: Analysing and developing the marketing campaign and internet portal of the "Development of welfare entrepreneurs’ business knowledge, network communication and networking" project.
Teacher well-being : looking after yourself and your career in the classroom
Understanding the role  of user experience for  mobile healthcare
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
European law and new health technologies
Marketing plan for Nita Wellness' event
Market analysis of wellness cholesterol and bone health monitor markets in Yangtze River delta area of China
A guide to the theories, issues and practical considerations involved in healthcare education in the 21st century. It is aimed at those studying to be educators in both academic and practice settings, as well as supporting the continuing professional development of more experienced lecturers and practice educators.
The sport and fitness sector : an introduction
Business fundamentals for the rehabilitation professional
Preliminary study of Polish cholesterol health market
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to find out the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers and the elements of these factors. Work engagement is one part of work well-being. This final thesis was a qualitative study. The method for collecting data was theme interview, which is a qualitative study method. For this study I interviewed five kindergarten teachers. The data were analyzed by thematic analysis. As a theoretical framework I used work engagement, which is divided into three dimensions: vigor, dedication and absorption. Besides these three dimensions, I studied the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers from the perspective of job resources, job demands and personal resources. The results of the study contained information of the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers that I was able to categorize into five different stages of work engagement: the core of the work, the organizing of work, the communication and management stage, the organizational stage and the personal stage. All of the three dimensions of work engagement clearly emerged from the data. The results of this study lead to a conclusion that the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers are versatile. The results of this study might possibly be of help in strengthening the work engagement factors of kindergarten teachers as well as in recognizing the factors that can negatively influence the experience of work engagement of kindergarten teachers. People who are responsible for developing the field of early childhood education might benefit from the results of this study.
Managing health education and promotion programs : leadership skills for the 21st century
The Social welfare act of Finland : the act entered into force on January 1st 1984 ; Statute on social welfare in Finland : the statute entered into force on January 1st 1984
Well-being and wellness are constantly growing trends in modern society, due to demanding and hectic lifestyle. People are seeking phycishal and mental well-being now while traveling as well. Well-being tourism is growing globally. Well-being is higly individual and can include several different activities, such as different treatments, relaxing, nature, healthy food and exercising. Well-being tourism has been listed as a part of Finland's tourism strategy. However, this paper focuses to the city of Naantali, located in southwestern Finland, and does the city have suitable frames and potential to success as a well-being travel destination. Research is based on academic literature and two surveys. Based on research can be stated that Naantali does have suitable frames for developing well-being tourism and services. Also local entrepreneurs possess positive attitudes towards well-being tourism and that well-being tourism would benefit the local businesses. Challenge is how to bring together the shattered provision, and how the travelers would find the existing well-being services. Well-being would be a beneficial adding to already existing Naantali- brand. It would guarantee competitiveness in the travel industry, attract new visitors and for example extend the travel season.
The owner-managers of social care companies : the content of work and work-related well-being
