http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21812 online exhibitions
online exhibitions
Event marketing : how to successfully promote events, festivals, conventions, and expositions
PixelACHE 006 : festival of electronic art and subcultures 2006 : Helsinki, 30 March - 2 April 2006
Web-based learning solutions for communities of practice : developing virtual environments for social and pedagogical advancement
Space invaders : [Artspace Visual Arts Centre, 5 May - 5 June, 1999] / curated by Nicholas Tsoutas, Jason Gee ; texts by Amanda McDonald Crowley, Ann Finegan, Beth Jackson
Digital scholarship
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2015! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2015!
Digital tools : a new way to interact with the world
The book covers all elements of the communications mix, including advertising, public relations, sponsorship, sales promotion, direct marketing, point-of-purchase communications, exhibitions, and personal selling. It also offers up-to-date coverage of e-communication, including e-marketing, mobile marketing, interactive television and relationship marketing. Building on the success of the third edition, the fourth edition comes fully updated with brand new material on a diverse range of products and brands such as Coke Zero, Twitter and Wii Fit, as well as coverage of topical issues such as the Barack Obama campaign and the EU anti-smoking campaign.
Cyberarts 99
More than a showroom : strategies for winning back online shoppers
Contemporary art and its commercial markets : a report on current conditions and future scenarios
The Messengers
Marketing communications : a European perspective
New media in the white cube and beyond : curatorial models for digital art / edited by Christiane Paul ; [contributors Tilman Baumgärtel ... [et al.]]
Marketing your business
Build it once : a basic primer for the creation of online exhibitions
Marketing your business : make the Internet work for you, get into exports, learn about products and pricing
The real citizen : evaluation report
Marita Liulia : art in the age of availability = tillgänglighetens konst
Net_condition : art and global media
Practising photographic art online
PixelACHE 2005 : dot org boom : festival of electronic art and subcultures : Kiasma  Museum of Contemporary Art 14. - 17.4.2005
PixelACHE 07 : festival of electronic art and subcultures : Helsinki 29 March - 1 April [2007]
Banquete : nodes and networks : LABoral Centro de Arte y Creación Industrial, [Gijón, June 6 - November 3, 2008] : ZKM Center for Art and Media Karlsruhe, [March 13 - June 28, 2009] / editorial coordination: María López Díez ; essays: Antonio Acin, Pau Aisina, Juan Aranzadi ... [et al.]
Hours, years, aeons : moving images and other projects
A world's fair for the global village
