http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2183 lower level of comprehensive school
lower level of comprehensive school
One, two, three... : English for children. 1.
Surprise. 2, Workbook : special
Elementary physical education : A developmental approach
Topic teaching in the primary school : teaching about society through topic work
Using stories to teach maths ages 7 to 9
Wow!. 4, Busy book
Let's go!. 4, Activity book
The effective primary classroom : the management and organisation of teaching and learning
Discovering distant places : national curriculum geography support material for key stages 1 and 2
Early years at school : a textbook for students of early childhood education
Primary schools in the Helsinki area using English as the language of instruction : a survey of teachers and parents
Teaching history from primary evidence
Leadership and curriculum in the primary school : the roles of senior and middle management
The primary curriculum in action : a process approach to educational practice
The Ladybird Key words reading scheme. Book 2b, Have a go
Say it in English. 3, Opettajan opas
Development in reading and reading related skills : a follow-up study from pre-school to the fourth grade
Teaching the elementary school child
Special children : meeting the challenge in the primary school
Young EFL-pupils reading multicultural children's fiction : an ethnographic case study in a swedish language primary school in Finland
Say it in English. 4, Workbook : Lessons 1A-26C : Pages 1-68
Time and timelines in the primary school
Speak out!. 2, Topics
Essentials of teaching elementary school music
New directions in primary education
Explaining
Critical thinking in the study of children's literature in the elementary school
Making sense of primary science investigations
Building self-esteem in the elementary schools : teacher's manual and instructonal materials
Education about and through technology : in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
Laskutaito in English. 3B
Geography in the primary school
Surprise. 3, Workbook : special
Yippee!. 4, Reader
Surprise. 4, Workbook : special key : opettajan liite
Primary teaching
Subject learning in the primary curriculum : issues in English, science and mathematics
Say it in English. 2, Pupil's book
The Ladybird Key words reading scheme. Book 4b, Fun at the farm
Surprise. 3, Workbook key : special : opettajan liite
What's on?. 4
School behaviour of elementary school pupils as perceived by teacher
English for us : our book. 2
Laskutaito in English. 4A
Creative teaching of the social studies : in the elementary school
What's on?. 3
Music experts' views of an ideal curriculum
Say it in English. 2, Pupil's book : 2
All stars. 6, Activity book : key
Primary design and technology in practice
Physical education. Key stage 2 : animal athletics
Classroom pedagogy and primary practice
Developing the primary school curriculum
Surprise. 2, Workbook key : special : opettajan liite
The primary curriculum
Conditions for EFL learning and professional development : Finland-Swedish learner and teacher perspectives
Let's go!. 4, Storybook
The expressive arts
Assessment works : approaches to assessment in geography at key stages 1, 2 & 3
On their way : celebrating second graders as they read and write
Differentiation and diversity in the primary school
Out and about 3
What's on?. 4, Do it
Art/music teachers' curriculum deliberations
Let's go!. 3, Storybook
Laskutaito in English. 4B
Jet set. 4 erityisluokille, On course : workbook
Integrating environmental education in primary school education in Tanzania : teachers' perceptions and teaching practices
Tricks : materialpaket
Out and about. 3.
The development of young elementary school teachers : a follow-up study
Creative teaching of science in the elementary school
Say it in English. 4, Pupil's book : opiskelumoniste 1
The Ladybird Key words reading scheme. Book 4a, Things we do
Movement and dance in the primary school : now and in the nineties
Yippee!. 6, My own writer
Say it in English. 4, Workbook : Lessons 27 A-42E : Pages 69-108
Twin-singleton differences among ESL students : a study of affective and cognitive factors at the age of 12
Chat. 4, Tests
The Ladybird Key words reading scheme. Book 5a, Where we go
Welcome to English. 3, Workbook
The primary core national curriculum : policy into practice
Elementary school mathematics for teachers
The Ladybird Key words reading scheme. Book 6a, Our friends
Say it in English. 3, Pupil's book
The house that Jack built
Understanding English word formation : a study among 6th-grade pupils in Finnish comprehensive school
Emerging issues in primary education
What's on?. 5, Read it
Go for it!. 3, Workbook
Art education : elementary
Reading instruction that works : the case for balanced teaching
The ugly duckling
Let's go!. 5, Activity book
The study of primary education : a source book. Vol. 1
Billy goats gruff
What's on?. 3, Do it
On the role of grammar and communication in language teaching objectives and especially in language testing with a special emphasis on the basic question/answer patterns learned at the 5th and 6th grades of the lower comprehensive school
The Ladybird Key words reading scheme. Book 2a, We have fun
Multi-age and more : building connections
Welcome to English. 1 A/3, Teacher's book
