http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21821 places for dancing
places for dancing
Choreographic Dwellings: Practising Place extends the notion of the choreographic by highlighting the experiential condition of contemporary performance projects which enact place as action. It describes the kinaesthetic as a topological condition of choreographic dwelling where body-environment interactions produce platial efforts through their physical enactment of place place. The book simultaneously challenges and embraces discussions of embodiment from philosophy, geography and psychology, shifting the attention from the dancer, dance and dancing to that of the dynamic architectures of affect, agency and affordance. This paradigmatic shift in thinking the choreographic is brought to life in this collection with writings from artist-scholars and movement practitioners from dance, music, performance, urban studies, circus, interaction design and Parkour.
"In this richly detailed exploration of Shanghai's night life, Andrew Field strips off glamorous cliches to weave together a complex and compelling tale of cabaret culture as a contested space of modernity caught in a constellation of unrelenting and contradictory social, economic and political forces." -- Christian Henriot, Senior Fellow, Institut d'Asie Orientale, Institut Universitaire de France.
Nightclub : bouncers, risk, and the spectacle of consumption
Questions like 'Trapped in folklore?' open up many possibilities for reflection and prompt different answers. This thematic publication with a rather provocative title discusses questions as to whether the selected musical phenomena are a fossilised form of tradition, folklore and folklorism and, as such, are trapped in a museum-like image isolated from contemporary cultural life, or whether we are looking at active events, changes, and adjustments within contemporary society.
Episodi (“Episode”) is a series published by the Theatre Academy of the University of the Arts. This fourth Episodi This and That – Essays on Live Art and Performance Studies features a text on performance art by professor Ray Langenbach and consists of writings by students of the MA Degree programme in Live Art and Performance Studies, Jenni Kokkomäki, Ellen Jeffrey, Kaisa Illukka, as well as by participants in the fourth international festival and conference on Live Art and Performance Studies, Lapsody, in June 2013, Moritz Gansen and Elisabeth Schilling, Megan Armishaw, Iona Jucan and James Andean. Moreover, the collection contains a text on somatic materialism by professor Susan Kozel, an essay by doctoral student Rania Khalil, and a paper on gesture by the editor, Annette Arlander.
"Books about Old Shanghai routinely refer in passing to the city's legendary cabarets and dance halls. Now, for the first time, historian Andrew Field provides us with a scholarly, accessible and detailed look at these establishments, showing us not just what they meant to globe-trotters and members of the local Chinese and Western elites but also to the people who worked in them. Making use of a dizzying array of familiar and little-known sources, ranging from archival documents to feature films and fiction, his book provides the most comprehensive picture to date of the entertainment venues that played an important role in the development of the most famous - and infamous - of China's treaty ports." -- Jeffrey N. Wasserstrom, author of Global Shanghai, 1850-2010 and co-founder of the "China Beat" blog.
The taxi-dance hall : a sociological study in commercialized recreation and city life
Abstract: Going dancing from the male point of view as analysed using Nelson's occupational mode.
This and that : essays on live art and performance studies
Dance! : best of club design
Choreographic dwellings : practising place
Shanghai's dancing world : cabaret culture and urban politics, 1919-1954
Drawing upon a unique and untapped reservoir of newspapers, magazines, novels, government documents, photographs and illustrations, this book traces the origin, pinnacle, and ultimate demise of a commercial dance industry in Shanghai between the end of the First World War and the early years of the People's Republic of China. Delving deep into the world of cabarets, nightclubs, and elite ballrooms that arose in the city in the 1920s and peaked in the 1930s, the book assesses how and why Chinese society incorporated and transformed this westernized world of leisure and entertainment to suit its own tastes and interests. Focusing on the jazz-age nightlife of the city in its "golden age," the book examines issues of colonialism and modernity, urban space, sociability and sexuality, and modern Chinese national identity formation in a tumultuous era of war and revolution.
Pika-Pika : the flashing firefly : essays to honour and celebrate the life of Pauline Hetland Walker (1938-2005)
Performing landscape : notes on site-specific work and artistic research (texts 2001-2011)
Trapped in folklore? : studies in music and dance tradition and their contemporary transformations
Moving sites : investigating site-specific dance performance
"It was thanks to its cabarets that Old Shanghai was called the P̀aris of the Orient.' No one has studied the rise and fall of those cabarets more extensively than Andrew Field. His book is packed with fascinating information and attests on every page to his understanding of Shanghai's history." -- Lynn Pan, author of Sons of the Yellow Emperor.
Moving Sites explores site-specific dance practice through a combination of analytical essays and practitioner accounts of their working processes. In offering this joint effort of theory and practice, it aims to provide dance academics, students and practitioners with a series of discussions that shed light both on approaches to making this type of dance practice, and evaluating and reflecting on it. The edited volume combines critical thinking from a range of perspectives including commentary and observation from the fields of dance studies, human geography and spatial theory in order to present interdisciplinary discourse and a range of critical and practice-led lenses through which this type of work can be considered and explored. In so doing, this book addresses the following questions: How do choreographers make site-specific dance performance? What occurs when a moving body engages with site, place and environment? How might we interpret, analyse and evaluate this type of dance practice through a range of theoretical lenses? How can this type of practice inform wider discussions of embodiment, site, space, place and environment? This innovative and exciting book seeks to move beyond description and discussion of site-specific dance as a spectacle or novelty and considers site-dance as a valid and vital form of contemporary dance practice that explores, reflects, disrupts, contests and develops understandings and practices of inhabiting and engaging with a range of sites and environments.
Hula : historical perspectives
Site dance : choreographers and the lure of alternative spaces
Live from the Cotton Club plus
The gentrification of nightlife and the right to the city : regulating spaces of social dancing in New York
