http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21899 carbon footprint
carbon footprint
Bioreducer use in blast furnace ironmaking in Finland:techno-economic assessment and CO2 emission reduction potential
An innovative leap forward in kitchen development
Effects of supply chain change on carbon footprint and cost efficiency : a case study
The Role of green IT in establishing sustainable and successful organization
Climate change adaptation and food supply chain management
Communicating environmental impacts of print products : results from the Leader project (Part 2)
The ZEDbook: solutions of the shrinking world
Radical simplicity : small footprints on a finite earth
Green wedding : planning your eco-friendly celebration
Low carbon communities : imaginative approaches to combating climate change locally
Towards certified carbon footprints of products : a road map for data production; climate bonus project report (WP3)
Green bride guide : how to create an earth-friendly wedding on any budget
The overall economic and environmental effectiveness of a combined carbon footprinting and feedback system Climate Bonus project report (WP6)
Low-cost living : live better, spend less
Joensuu forestry networking week 2012 : green growth based on forests – New Wooden Products and Construction : Final Report
Changing planet, changing health : how the climate crisis threatens our health and what we can do about it
How to live a low-carbon life : the individual's guide to tackling climate change
"Through a combination of innovation and regulation, the script for how the world's economies operate is being totally rewritten. Cleaner and greener technologies are playing an increasing role in global business -- and while there will be costs involved adapting to those technologies, there are also opportunities for business which are capable of commercializing them.From carbon capture to new sources of renewable energy, the overall potential of this shift is enormous, as evidenced by the amount of private capital and public funds looking for clean technologies in which to invest.Clean Tech, Clean Profits is designed as a practical guide for entrepreneurs, innovators and investors on how to bring clean technologies to market in the most effective and profitable manner. It covers topics such as funding clean tech, renewable power generation, clean energy in emerging economies, intellectual property for clean tech, geo-engineering, the shift to low carbon vehicles, waste management, technology challenges, innovation opportunities, and wind, marine, solar and biomass energy.Emphasizing the specific steps that can be taken now in reviewing options, drawing up plans, upgrading a process, writing a specification, or making an investment, this book is ideal for leaders of organizations who want to move ahead of their competitors and offer new sources of value to their customer"--
A quick scan of climate policy services and of underlying data system approaches : climate bonus project report (WP1)
Cracking the carbon code : the key to sustainable profits in the new economy
Life cycle assessment and ecodesign in a day : lessons learned from a series of LCA clinics for start-ups and small and medium enterprises (SMEs)
Effects of lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on energy use and CO2 emissions in high latitude cucumber growing
Bioreducer use in blast furnace ironmaking in Finland : techno-economic assessment and CO2 emission reduction potential
Carbon footprint and urban planning : incorporating methodologies to assess the influence of the urban master plan on the carbon footprint of the city
Sustainable : houses with small footprints
Green IT strategies and applications : using environmental intelligence
Doing business in a new climate : a guide to measuring, reducing and offsetting greenhouse gas emissions
Puurakentaminen on vähähiilistä - vai onko? = Building in wood is a low-carbon process - or is it?
The planet in 2050 : the Lund disourse of the future
Cities and low carbon transitions
The overall economic and environmental effectiveness of a combined carbon footprinting and feedback system : Climate Bonus project report (WP6)
Low carbon Finland 2050 : VTT clean energy technology strategies for society
First 3 years : ECO2 - eco-efficient Tampere 2020
Sustainability of palm oil production and opportunities for Finnish technology and know-how transfer
International business and global climate change
Earth in the hot seat : bulletins from a warming world
A presentation of contemporary houses that demonstrates how domesticity can be beautiful and still help the planet. Have we passed a tipping point beyond which we can no longer reverse a course of action that was charted several decades ago Sustainable: Houses with Small Footprints argues that we can indeed detach our dwellings from a dependence on many external systems and resources and adopt other building practices. What is known as living off the grid is possible, and Sustainable presents forty-five houses that demonstrate how architects have implemented sustainable design concepts around the world. These projects show us what time-tested vernacular design principles--including local materials, natural ventilation strategies, and earth shelter construction--can teach us, as well as how the latest cutting-edge technologies--such as indoor farming and living walls made of plant material--can make truly sustainable design possible. The variety and ingenuity of the projects featured here make Sustainable a uniquely coherent and authoritative volume on sustainable residential design.
How bad are bananas? : the carbon footprint of everything
Calculation of carbon footprint for packaging
Reviewing key building blocks of an integrated carbon footprinting and consumer purchases' monitoring & reward system - interaction with the consumer : Climate Bonus project report (WP4)
Environmental management in low carbon economy
Clean tech, clean profits : using effective innovation and sustainable business practices to win in the new low-carbon economy
The environment has of recent become a major concern of individuals, organisations and the government, unlike the non-challant attitude shown towards it in time past. Various positive actions and moves have been taken which are effectively backed up by laws in ensuring a drastic reduction in the burden placed on it from the daily human activities, most especially in the manufacturing sector. Some of these moves involve the determination of the total effects a good or service has on the environment, which is effectively carried out with the Life Cycle Assessment LCA technique. Umberto software for carbon footprint was used in this study which was aimed at determining the effects of the production, assembly, testing, use, and final disposal or recycling of a Hydraulic Water Pump HWP on the environment. The entire life cycle of the HWP was assessed following the basic LCA process. The HWP that was assessed is one of the numerous products made by company X. The HWP had the highest carbon footprint from the raw materials phase of its life cycle, which was 72,96 kg CO2-eq out of the total 95,78  kg CO2-eq calculated for the five life cycle phases, while the least recorded environmental effect was from its distribution/retail phase of the life cycle, with 0,04 kg CO2-eq.
Carbon detox : your step-by-step guide to getting real about climate change
Discusses the carbon footprint--the carbon emissions used to manufacture and transport--everyday items, including paper bags and imported produce, and provides information to help build carbon considerations into everyday purchases.
Why should I bother about the planet?
Reducing your carbon emissions in an economic down-turn can be challenging, but saving the planet doesn't have to cost you more. Tough economic times need not relegate concerns for the planet to the back burner. The author is an environmental economist trying to live a low-carbon life in London. He worked for 15 years in the UK's Office of Climate Change, the Prime Minister's Strategy Unit and the Department of the Environment. So far so good. But he has kids. A family to visit in India. A hectic job. In distilling and building on his own experience of trying to live a low carbon life, he helps us navigate the choices that confront us all - families, singletons, pensioners - when making decisions about what to eat, what to buy, how to travel and how to keep warm in the era of climate change and economic turmoil. He works out the sums and lets us know which choices will make the biggest difference, and which are false savings.His book is an irreverent but seriously rigorous reference guide to low-cost, low-carbon living for everyone - in any location - in tough times. It's brimming with up-to-date information on current and future technologies, tips and ideas for every budget on how to spend the least for the biggest carbon reduction gain and insight from the experiences of people trying to live low-carbon lives.
Carbon footprint of humanitarian logistics : Case the Finnish Red Cross
Utilization of building information modeling to reduce carbon footprint and cost of condominium buildings in Iran to make it more market attractive
"Providing insights from leading global experts from the environmental technology and finance sectors, under the guidance of Will Oulton, Director of Responsible Investment at FTSE Group, this important book looks at the prospects for low carbon technologies and services which are fundamental to mitigating climate change. The book also shows how the fast developing global environmental technology sector can provide excellent long term, sustainable and superior investment opportunities." -- Back cover.
Summary of the chosen methodologies and practices to produce GHGE-estimates for an average European diet
No impact man : the adventures of a guilty liberal who attempts to save the planet and the discoveries he makes about himself and our way of life in the process
Effects of supplemental lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on weekly to seasonal heat and electricity use and CO2 emissions in cucumber growing were estimated in Finland. With moderate lighting (170 W m-2 above rows, 60 W m-2 inter-row) in a ventilated greenhouse, seasonal electricity and heat use (MJ kg-1 cucumber) were 20-50 and 10-25, 17-30 and 3-8, 38-55 and 10-18 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. In summer, a semi-closed greenhouse improved energy use efficiency by 20-30% and split-root fertigation by 0-15%. Raising light intensity and applying inter- row lighting allowed higher yields in autumn to mid-winter without affecting electricity use efficiency. In other seasons, increasing the lighting decreased the efficiency. The emissions largely resulted from electricity use. Direct emissions (kg CO2-eq kg-1) based on propane and electricity from the national grid were 2.5, 1.5 and 3.3 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. Efficiency of using solar and supplemental PAR was markedly lower in summer than in other seasons. The results provide profile of energy use and emissions and point to ways to reduce them.
Rebound effects projected onto carbon footprints : implications for climate change mitigation in the built environment
Tourism and climate change : impacts, adaptation and mitigation
Carbon footprint calculators for public procurement
Investment opportunities for a low carbon world
Medium-run projections for greenhouse gas emissions arising from agriculture: the case of milk production in Estonia
Carbon footprinting in humanitarian construction : what are the CO2 emissions and how to mitigate them?
"Language Disabilities in Cultural and Linguistic Diversity" takes a critical perspective on traditional bio-cognitive-social approaches to language disabilities - specific language impairment, communication difficulties, dyslexia and deafness. A socio-cultural approach orientates a reinterpretation of research, educational practices and policies in assessment, teaching and intervention. A Vygotskian framework affords repositioning of assessment, learning and development for language disabilities as they are influenced and shaped by experiences of multilingualism, culture, ethnicity and race. The author, rather than present definitive answers, aims to offer new analyses and extend current understanding of linguistic phenomena fraught by dilemmas of disentangling diversity and disability. The volume serves as a source of reflection and inquiry for students, professionals and policy makers in education and health who are interested in disability and language disabilities in multilingual and multicultural contexts.
Life cycle assessment of hydraulic water pump
Carbon footprint and environmental impacts of print products from cradle to grave : results from the Leader project (Part 1)
"Spotlights the threats of global warming and offers a systems approach for possible treatments. Decades spent as a physician and public health scientist have allowed Dr. Epstein to examine and now comment on the dynamics of global politics, climate change, and global health. Together with journalist Dan Ferber, he expresses a fundamental need for communities (of all scales) and industries (of all kinds) to reach together for a low-carbon economy. They make their argument by combining personal accounts with accurate histories and industry case studies. What enfolds is a prescriptive narrative for repairing an ailing planet"--Provided by publisher.
Carbon footprint of the raw materials of an urban transit bus : case study: diesel, hybrid, electric and converted electric bus
"Climate change is now doing far more harm than marooning polar bears on melting chunks of ice--it is damaging the health of people around the world. Brilliantly connecting stories of real people with cutting-edge scientific and medical information, Changing Planet, Changing Health brings us to places like Mozambique, Honduras, and the United States for an eye-opening on-the-ground investigation of how climate change is altering patterns of disease. Written by a physician and world expert on climate and health and an award-winning science journalist, the book reveals the surprising links between global warming and cholera, malaria, lyme disease, asthma, and other health threats. In clear, accessible language, it also discusses topics including Climategate, cap-and-trade proposals, and the relationship between free markets and the climate crisis. Most importantly, Changing Planet, Changing Health delivers a suite of innovative solutions for shaping a healthy global economic order in the twenty-first century"--Provided by publisher.
The economical environmentalist : my attempt to live a low-carbon life and what it cost
Eco-efficiency in the manufacturing of strech wrapping machines
In order to respond to increasing global food demand and provide for national economic growth, the Estonian Dairy Strategy for 2012−2020 aims to achieve a 30% growth in milk production. At the same time, there is a global attempt to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. This paper analyses the medium-term (2015−2020) projections for milk production and associated GHG emissions from dairy cows in Estonia. The FAPRI-GOLD type market model of Estonian agriculture, which is used for projections of agricultural production, was supplemented with a module that helps project GHG emissions. The paper demonstrates the endogenisation of GHG emission factors in a relatively general agricultural market model context. The results imply that increasing milk production by 30% by 2020 would jeopardise Estonia's commitments with regard to agricultural GHG emissions. However, the average GHG emission per tonne of produced milk will decline, thus reducing the “carbon footprint” of milk production.
Food wastage footprint : impacts on natural resources : summary report
The rough guide to climate change
The effects of location, feedstock availability, and supply-chain logistics on the greenhouse gas emissions of forest-biomass energy utilization in Finland
Are the right actors taking the right action? : climate change management in Finnish urban housing
Life cycle assessment of products and technologies : LCA Symposium, VTT, Espoo, Finland, 6 October 2009
"This book highlights the issue of adaptation to climate change in food supply chains, the management and policy implications and the importance of supply chain resilience. As the success of the entire food supply chain depends on the prosperity of farms and local communities, the direct climate change risks faced by the agricultural sector are also risks to businesses and food supply chains. Hence, the importance of resilience at farm level, community level and business level when looking at food supply chain policy and management. Attention is given to each phase of the supply chain: input production, agriculture, food processing, retailing, consumption and post-consumption. The book integrates various approaches related to sustainability, resilience and climate adaptation drawing from environmental management, environmental policy, agro-ecology, sociology and behavioral sciences. European case studies demonstrate the vulnerabilities of contemporary food supply chains, the opportunities and competitive advantages related to climate change, and the trans-disciplinary challenges related to successful climate adaptation. The authors argue for a redefinition of the way food supply chains are operated, located and coordinated and propose a novel approach enhancing climate-resilient food supply chain policy and management"--
Carbon management in tourism : mitigating the impacts on climate change
The green guide for business
The carbon footprint of the Finnish beverage industry for years 2000-2012 as calculated with CCaLC
Wood in carbon efficient construction : tools, methods and applications
