http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21864 sex determination
sex determination
Vulnerable daughters in India : culture, development and changing contexts
Adam's curse : the future without men
Gender stands as one of the great conceptual devices of the twentieth century. It has becomes such a part of the English language that it seems indispensable and even a historical today. Yet until the 1950s, gender in English marked relations between words rather than people. Gender: A Genealogy of an Idea represents a critical intervention into the concept of gender. It traces gender's historical specificity from its mid-twentieth century origins in sexology through the present and demonstrates the complex relation that the intersexed have to the concept. In doing so, this text applies a fresh approach to the study of gender as an object of knowledge and embodied experience.
Advancing the ecotoxicological relevancy of zebrafish : application of early-juvenile 20dpfZF to assess xenoestrogenicity of environmental chemicals and samples
Handbook of gender and sexuality in psychological assessment
Handbook of Gender and Sexuality in Psychological Assessment brings together two interrelated realms: psychological assessment with gender and sexuality. This handbook aids in expanding the psychological assessors' knowledge and skill when considering how gender and sexuality shapes the client's and the assessor's experiences. Throughout the six sections, gender and sexuality are discussed in their relation to different psychological methods of assessment; various psychological disorders; special considerations for children, adolescents, and older adults; important training and ethical considerations; as well as several in-depth case discussions.
Role of Wnt4 signaling in mammalian sex determination, ovariogenesis and female sex duct differentiation
Wolfenden's witnesses : homosexuality in postwar Britain
Gender : a genealogy of an idea
Sex chromosome evolution and speciation in stickleback fishes
Developments in the evolutionary theory of social interactions
Sex ratios : consepts and research methods
Developmental biology of sex determination : establishing a basis for systems approach
The Wolfenden Report of 1957 has long been recognized as a landmark in moves towards gay law reform. What is less well known is that the testimonials and written statements of the witnesses before the Wolfenden Committee provide by far the most complete and extensive array of perspectives we have on how homosexuality was understood in mid-twentieth century Britain. Those giving evidence, individually or through their professional associations, included a broad cross-section of official, professional and bureaucratic Britain: police chiefs, policemen, magistrates, judges, lawyers and Home Office civil servants; doctors, biologists (including Alfred Kinsey), psychiatrists, psychoanalysts and psychotherapists; prison governors, medical officers and probation officers; representatives of the churches, morality councils and progressive and ethical societies; approved school headteachers and youth organization leaders; representatives of the army, navy and air force; and a small handful of self-described but largely anonymous homosexuals. This volume presents an annotated selection of their voices.
