http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21860 invisibility
invisibility
The invisible cat meets mad Nana Dot
The shark In the pool
Ethics of in-visibility : Imago Dei, memory, and human dignity in Jewish and Christian thought
Invisible : the dangerous allure of the unseen
The kinetics of the invisible : acting processes in Peter Book's theatre
The invisible
Beyond the Spiderwick chronicles. Book three of three : The Wyrm king
Seeing the invisible : on Kandinsky
The physics of invisibility : a story of light and deception
Has anyone seen Jessica Jenkins?
Dark matter : invisibility in drama, theater, and performance
This book just ate my dog!
What not to do if you turn invisible
Squishy McFluff the invisible cat. Supermarket sweep!
What's the role played by the invisible in our lives? At what level can it be perceived when explored in theatre-making? Having as its focus the acting processes carried out by Peter Brook and his actors, this book examines many aspects of their practical work – from actor training seen as "poiesis" to the production of the "present moment" – and in doing so, it tries to recognize the nuances and subtle qualities generated by the invisible produced by them. However, the core of this investigation is that of trying to capture the invisible not as a vague sensation but in its dynamic and powerful manifestation.
The darkest hour
The sheep-pig ; The invisible dog
Physics of the impossible : a scientific exploration into the world of phasers, force fields, teleportation, and time travel
We are here
Beyond the Spiderwick chronicles. Book two of three : A giant problem
The hyphenated phrase 'in-visibility' indicates that the visible and the invisible are inseparable and yet in tension with each other. If originating from acts of (in)visibilization, both the visible and the invisible are ethically imbued. Whether we see or overlook each other, respect or dismiss another's dignity, remember or forget a history of crimes against humanity, our (over)sight has an impact on our interaction. What, then, is implied in seeing the human being as created in the image of an invisible God, as imago Dei? Which (re)sources in Judaism and Christianity can counter idolatry in the sense of cognitive captivity and experiences of abandonment after the Shoah? In addressing such questions, this book outlines an ethics of in-visibility in an interdisciplinary dialogue between philosophy and theology, cultural history, art and media theory, sociology, literary and gender studies. Contributors: Christina von Braun, Iben Damgaard, Daniel Dayan, Arne Grøn, Hannes Langbein, Paul Mendes-Flohr, Melissa Raphael, N. Verbin, Alana M. Vincent, Claudia Welz, Christian Wiese, Elliot R. Wolfson.
Calling invisible women
Beyond the Spiderwick chronicles. Book one of three : The nixie's song
The strongest girl in the world ; The boy who could fly ; The invisible boy
