http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21808 user-centeredness
user-centeredness
Re-engineering an image archive user interface
Evidence-based violence risk assessment in psychiatric inpatient care : an implementation study
Optimizing Innovation Management: A Customer Integration Perspective : How should Lead Customers be Integrated in Product Development to Optimize Innovation Management
Service design in the age of collaboration : a case study on customization of mobile phone content
Information support for user-oriented development organisation : considerations based on the construction and evaluation of knowledge storage
Usability of web-based software products : usability evaluation methods and optimization techniques applied to web-based software
The complexity of mobile phone recycling : developing user-centered design guidelines and future concepts for mobile phone collection
Experience-centered design, experience-based design, experience design, designing for experience, user experience design. All of these terms have emerged and gained acceptance in the Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) and Interaction Design relatively recently. In this book, we set out our understanding of experience-centered design as a humanistic approach to designing digital technologies and media that enhance lived experience. The book is divided into three sections. In Section 1, we outline the historical origins and basic concepts that led into and flow out from our understanding of experience as the heart of people's interactions with digital technology. In Section 2, we describe three examples of experience-centered projects and use them to illustrate and explain our dialogical approach. In Section 3, we recapitulate some of the main ideas and themes of the book and discuss the potential of experience-centered design to continue the humanist agenda by giving a voice to those who might otherwise be excluded from design and by creating opportunities for people to enrich their lived experience with- and through- technology.
Design anthropology : object culture in the 21st century
Technologies to support learning, well-being, and communication
Developing augmented reality solutions through user involvement
The fragility of human-centred design
Enabling play : designing accessible playground equipment for and with children
Methods for evaluating interactive information retrieval systems with users
Abstract.
Enhancing value creation of construction projects through early stakeholder involvement and integration
Spectacular place : public space, storytelling and critical design
Three weeks to a year
Jiejie : designing mobile phone [sic] for Chinese professional women
End-user development
Search analytics for your site : conversations with your customers
The central library as the steppingstone of Helsinki : developing new service design for an authentic tourist experience
Designing for designers : the case Datafisher : customized design toolkit to support digital learning design processes
Designing for user engagement : Aesthetic and attractive user interfaces
Product development : user-centred product development and design in an industrial company
Living in a motion : user-centered concepting in public spaces of the cruise ship concept
The simplicity shift : innovative design tactics in a corporate world
Eye tracking the user experience : a practical guide
Maximizing Customer Value: Better Software and Web Solutions through Iteration of Use Cases
Applying organisational learning to user requirements elicitation
Against method : the portability of method in human-centered design
Life-based design : a holistic approach to designing human-technology interaction
Design thinking : pocket guide
Cognition in HCI : an ongoing story
Digitalization and the design of everyday life : steps in the evolution of a research agenda
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
What is the actual impact of design thinking? Which tools and techniques could conceivably improve team interaction in design processes? What influences creativity? And how can information be secured? These are just a few of the questions that were addressed by research teams from Stanford University, USA, and the Hasso Plattner Institute for Software Systems Engineering, Potsdam, Germany, within their joint Design Thinking Research Program. Scientists from both institutions have been studying the user-centric innovation method of design thinking for many years now to gain a deep, evidence-based understanding of its underlying principles and functioning. The outcome of their studies, experiments and investigations in the sixth program year are summarized in this volume. Again research covers a diverse range of design thinking domains. The aim, however, is not only to advance design thinking theory and knowledge within the research community. Rather the program strives to ultimately improve design practice and education by gathering scientific evidence that supports design activities. The first part of this book presents tools and techniques for improved team interaction that have been investigated and developed by the research teams. Creativity and creative confidence as central factors in design thinking are the focus of the second part. The book continues with investigations on the actual impact of design thinking and conceivable metrics. The fourth and final part of the book addresses issues of documentation and information transfer in innovation processes. By taking the understanding of innovation to a new level that is relevant to all disciplines, our research provides a significant contribution toward making design thinking a foundational science.
Community of the future : challenges and new approaches to communtiy based social work and diaconia from the CABLE approach
Concept and usability design of a hypermedia application for psychotherapeutic use
Technology in culture : a theoretical discourse on convergence in human-technology interaction
Users voices : participative design and living lab approach in LILY
Interactive system design : innovative user interfaces
Advancing and applying living lab methodologies : an update on living labs for user-driven open innovation in the ICT domain
Toward useful services for elderly and people with disabilities : 9th International Conference on Smart Homes and Health Telematics, ICOST 2011, Montreal, Canada, June 20-22, 2011 : proceedings
Service design for playful mobile social media on campus
Designing a multichannel map service concept
Use matters : an alternative history of architecture
Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) is the leading business model in cloud-computing market. Not only in Oulu but also in Finland, SaaS businesses have been the key driver for the economy. However, to achieve success in building a SaaS start up, it requires a smart business strategy and an efficient product development process in order to not only compete with the competitor but also to achieve user satisfaction. motiMind is a young SaaS startup from Oulu, runs by a group of enthusiastic entrepreneurs and friends who have a long working history together from Nokia. Currently, motiMind is offering an innovative and complete way to monitor well-being and satisfaction of employee in organization. Their product packages streamline from collecting employee’s responses by mobile application to analysing the information through the system and show the result in the administration site. With the transparency and ease to use of the product, motiMind is on its way to grow further. In this thesis, studies will be conducted to understand how SaaS startups become successful, what the appropriate approach in product development is and how to apply it in motiMind’s case.
Tempting to tag : an experimental comparison of four tagging input mechanisms
Writing for interaction : crafting the information experience for web and software apps
Enriched evaluation : comparative user experience evaluation in product development
Design for the mind : seven Psychological principles of persuasive design
Distinctive design : a practical guide to a useful, beautiful web
User experience (UX) design for libraries
Maximum accessibility : making your web site more usable for everyone
Successful Service Development in  the Public Sector: a Case study of a Service Design  Project Carried out in Short-Term Care  Services in the Town of Turku
Reflecting on the PRET : a rapporter framework via a field study of adolescents' perceptions of technology and exercise
Children's involvement in the design of game-based learning environments : cases Talarius and Virtual Peatland
Customer care : a training manual for library staff
Innovating for people : handbook of human-centered design methods
Social engineering in IT security : tools, tactics, and techniques
"This book presents a methodology that can be used to perform an ethical social engineer test. It also covers the background of social engineering, the legal and ethical issues involved, why social engineering works, hardware and software tools that can be used for social engineering, and finally a discussion on the future of social engineering. It provides an introduction to social engineering and discusses the ethical and legal aspects of performing a social engineering test. It also discusses how to plan a social engineering test, including performing a threat assessment, scoping the test and setting goals, project planning and defining the rules of engagement.It talks about creating a believable scenario for the test and executing the test. It also covers writing a social engineering report and ends with a look at some of the new technology and its implications for social engineering"--
Summary
Games as services : final report
Human work interaction design : work analysis and HCI : Third IFIP WG 13.6 Working Conference, HWID 2012, Copenhagen, Denmark, December 5-6, 2012, revised selected papers
Designers, users and justice
A web for everyone : designing accessible user experiences
Why engagement matters : cross-disciplinary perspectives and innovations on user engagement with digital media
Designing for ultra-mobile interaction : experiences and a method
Acceptance in ambient assisted living services for elder people
Usability evaluation of public and academic libraries
Customer involvement in retail business : a case study in a grocery store context
Designing a Digital Service Concept for a Professional Business Service - Case Työeläkelakipalvelu
"Cutting-edge social engineering testing techniquesConduct ethical social engineering tests to identify an organization's susceptibility to attack. Written by a global expert on the topic, Social Engineering in IT Security discusses the roots and rise of social engineering and presents a proven methodology for planning a test, performing reconnaissance, developing scenarios, implementing the test, and accurately reporting the results. Specific measures you can take to defend against weaknesses a social engineer may exploit are discussed in detail. This practical guide also addresses the impact of new and emerging technologies on future trends in social engineering. Explore the evolution of social engineering, from the classic con artist to the modern social engineer Understand the legal and ethical aspects of performing a social engineering test Find out why social engineering works from a victim's point of view Plan a social engineering test--perform a threat assessment, scope the test, set goals, implement project planning, and define the rules of engagement Gather information through research and reconnaissance Create a credible social engineering scenario Execute both on-site and remote social engineering tests Write an effective social engineering report Learn about various tools, including software, hardware, and on-site tools Defend your organization against social engineering attacks "--
Locating method principles : between research interest and design insight
MULTI-X : supporting cross-training through multi-sport product concept innovation
Experiment! : website conversion rate optimization with A/B and multivariate testing
The emergence of social media as one of the driving forces of consumers online experiences today also challenges our current understanding on marketing and brand management. The effects of brands social media involvement are to this day uncertain. Severin Dennhardt shows that social media and user-generated brands do have a strong influence on brands. Four independent studies demonstrate that successful brands can be created in virtual worlds, user-generated content drives the creation of unique brands, social media strongly influences the social value perception of brands, and social media impacts consumers purchase decision process. Contents User-Generated Brands The Value-Enhancing Role of Social Networks Around Brands The Impact of User-Interactions in Social Media on Brand Awareness and Purchase Intention Target Groups Researchers and students in the fields of marketing and brand management Executives in this area.
"My SocioWorld" : an optimized application for mobile social networking
"Effective user interactions are required for a Web site to accomplish its specific goals, which is necessary for an organization to receive a proper return on investment or other desired outcomes. Several handbooks exist that describe work in the fields of human factors and human-computer interaction, but they are not specific to Web design"--Provided by publisher.
How to build an experience differentiation strategy for software business : customer values perspective
User centred approach in the concept development of a map-based multi-publishing service
Improve Software as a Service product development
User experience design analysis for Maturo Sportsbook
Ergonomics of human-sytem interaction : standardi = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Part 210 , Human-centred design for interactive systems
Abstract: The goal of the thesis was to design and develop a new user interface for an image archive. The archive is accessed on the intranet server through the user's web browser. To limit the scope of the thesis, no changes to the database were planned. The user interface was set to be designed from a user centred point of view. For the design, the users were interviewed. The interview was based on a set group of questions, but the line of questions was not strictly followed during the interview. From the interview it was found out that the image archive has two kinds of users, architects and users working in tourism and travel. Both types of have similar requirements for the archive. The users search the archive for images of a certain building or certain types of images. The users are also required to upload images to the archive. Individual pages of the user interface were designed based on the interviews. On the search page the users can define search conditions and search for images based on the conditions. The search page leads to the results page, which displays search results as thumbnails. The user can inspect images by placing the mouse cursor on top of the thumbnail, which causes metadata for the image to be displayed on a box on the right. From the results page the user can enter a browse view by clicking on a thumbnail. On the browse page the user can see the single image in a larger size and navigate to the previous and next images. In the browse page the user can also edit saved metadata and export images from the archive. Adding images to the archive was were decided to be made easier by adding an batch edit system to the archive, where the user can write metadata information to an image by a single mouse click. The images are added to the archive directly from the user's computer. After development and deployment, the archive user interface has been observed to be useful and functional. Significant improvements include quickly browsing through multiple images and saving images to the user's computer. Feedback from the new archive user interface from the users has been mostly positive.
Mental models : aligning design strategy with human behavior
Library 2.0
User factors in recommender systems : case studies in e-commerce, news recommending, and e-learning
Keeping the user in mind : instructional design and the modern library
Users, emotions, and meaningful things
Mobile technology for interest-based communities : concept design with a knowledge-based approach
Next generation contracts : a paradigm shift
Dal : experimental user-inspired design project for children : furniture for children to motivate indoor activities
Designing web usability : [the practice of simplicity]
Online co-creation - Facilitating User-engagement in "Elävä Lappi"  Living Labs
Designs, systems, scapegoates, and business cultures
Nordic Hug, Pure Form : Disinfection and Cleaning Packaging Solutions for Touch Screen Devices
Book of Vaadin : Vaadin 6.2
It's your turn : visual perception through the looking glass
Design thinking : process & methods guide
User-adaptive environment : feasibility of sensors and applications for improving indoor energy efficiency, comfort and well-being
Ice event for KalPa family
User centered property website for Singapore markets : Case: Midnight Sun Software Services
User-generated content and its impact on branding : how users and communities create and manage brands in social media
Methods of mayhem : using role-playing games as a framework for co-design
In this presentation it is described how the users (three levels: end users, care givers, relatives  and other stakeholders) are participating to the design and definition of the LILY services system from  the early phases to the implementation and piloting phase. The different user groups are presented  and described the specific features of the groups in France and Finland. The methods to be used in  data gathering and analyzing are described.
A user-oriented, evidence-based design project of the first Finnish single room ICU : results of EVICURES project
Replacing standards with user information in the design process
Human factors and ergonomics in consumer product design : methods and techniques
Studying user experience : issues and problems of mobile services : case ADAMOS : user experience (im)possible to catch?
A holistic approach for a visionary map-based multi-channel service
Design thinking research : making design thinking foundational
Designing beyond the product : understanding activity and user experience in ubiquitous environments : ECCE 2009, European Conference on Cognitive Ergonomics
User expressions translated into requirements
UX for dummies
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
A User-Centered Facilities Change Project
Designing and managing industrial product-service systems
Experience-centered design : designers, users, and communities in dialogue
"How do we design for users? How might users best participate in the design process? How can we evaluate the user's experience of designed products and services? These fundamental questions are addressed in Designers, Users, and Justice, through a series of dialogues between a design scholar and a designer. In a series of conversations, the scholar and the designer address the concepts and practice of user centred design, examining whether a 'just method' necessarily leads to a just design, consider different models for understanding user experience and socially productive design, including the capability approach and utilitarianism, and ponder how an ethical framework for evaluating design might be developed. Throughout, the scholar and the designer draw on their particular experiences in design practice and design education, and propose alternative conceptualisations of the key ideas of user centred design, highlighting and seeking to address the ethical shortcomings of mainstream user centred design practice"--
User-based innovation in services
Smart living and AAL services
Design for inclusivity : a practical guide to accessible, innovative and user-centred design
Web-based co-design : social media tools to enhance user-centred design and innovation processes
Development and analysis usability video tool by Prails web Framework
Library technology and user services : planning, integration, and usability engineering
Beautiful users : designing for people
"My socioworld" : an optimized application for mobile social networking
Brainstorming and beyond : a user-centered desing method
User-centered quality of experience and its evaluation methods for mobile television
Elderly online wellness monitoring (EOWM) self assessment tablet : user-centered user interface design
Handbook of human factors in web design
About face 3 : the essentials of interaction design
Design casting : promoting value in design participation
Practical methods of user involvement in the service innovation process based on user motivation : conducted in conjunction with the FUAS "Virtual Campus" E-learning project
The significance of things : affective user-artefact relations
Perspectives on user innovation
Living Lab - Discovering the Essence
User feedback as a potential source of incremental vs. radical innovation
Enhancing customer experience in the construction industry : a case study for Rautaruukki
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Influencing user-generated content creation in B2B context
The value model : how to master product development and create unrivalled customer value
The conceptual levels and theory languages of interaction design
Usability in government systems : user experience design for citizens and public servants
Library service design : a LITA guide to holistic assessment, insight, and improvement
The value of digitalization of services in the new service development
Userlutions GmbH is a young innovative company which specializes in testing and optimization of website and promotional product. Working as an ambition agency, combining a scientific and pragmatic approach, Userlutions GmbH starts with providing a great consulting and testing service at the good price to assist customer obtaining a maximum benefit. The most well-known product is the online usability test at web address: RapidUsertests.com which is one of the market leader usability testing tool, was published in 2010. In the autumn of 2013, Userlutions GmbH renovated and present various modules to response the demand of market. One of them is an analysis usability video tool that is used as the object of this thesis. It is commissioned to Userlutions GmbH, based in Berlin, Germany. The main purpose of the thesis is illustrating the developing process in order to meet the predefined requirements from Userlutions for its analysis usability video tool. The software development lifecycle, tools also have been explained to provide a clearly view of inside developing process from design to deployment. The major development tools are Prails web framework, various jQuery library and MySQL database. The theoretical part discusses about user-centered design which was has been applied in design analysis video tool. In addition, qualitative is the major research method included interview with client and market research. Books, digital articles, documentation on internet and advices of colleges and supervisor are used as the main resource of this paper. As the main results, the analysis usability video tool has been completed on time with the good feedback from client. Although there are some changes which have been made during project due to optimization reason, the final product responded all pre-defined requirements.
