http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21828 lower comprehensive school
lower comprehensive school grade school elementary school
Into writing : the primary teacher's guide to writing workshop
Teaching for active citizenship : research insights from the fields of teaching moral values and personal epistemology in early years classrooms
Greek summary.
Twin-singleton differences among ESL students : a study of affective and cognitive factors at the age of 12
The magic hamster
The skills, language learning strategies and study experiences of Finnish 6th-grade EFL students with English as the first or second foreign language
Abstract: Training professionals for the global marketplace. Cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business.
Leadership roles of teacher trainees in the Gambia primary school : a case study of two primary schools
Developing lexical competence : the influence of the learning method and style on young learners' vocabulary acquisition
Wow!. 6, Busy book
A moral responsibility or an extra burden? : a study on global education as part of Finnish basic education
Intercultural and interprofessional environment in the social and health care higher education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Timss and pirls 2011 : relationships among reading, mathematics, and science achievement at the fourth grade - implications for early learning
Reading development during elementary school years : evidence from eye movements
Out and about. 3, Eriyttävä oppikirja
Kymppi in English. 4A
Sing, say, dance, play : seasonal songs and Orff activities for the elementary music classroom
Not goats ... children! : tactical tips from a teacher
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Piloting the Behavioral and emotional rating scale-2 (BERS-2) in a Chinese primary school
Let's go!. Club book : teacher's book
Young children’s success in learning situations:actions, views and appraisals in learning contexts
Magic beans : a material package for teaching English through storytelling and creative drama in primary school
Policy maker's perspectives and primary school teachers' practice of assessing pupils in Finland and Romania
A footballer called Flip
Developing Music Management in European collaboration : cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management
PBL in context : bridging work and education
Physical education methods for elementary schools
Hyvinvointia kaikille : hyvinvointiosaaminen Turun ammattikorkeakoulussa = Wellbeing know-how at Turku University of Applied Sciences
The outcomes of national literacy programs on basic reading skills in familiar language among Zambian early graders
The contribution of early childhood education to a sustainable society
Shrinking powder and other stories
Education about and through technology : in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
Jazz in the classroom : practical sessions in jazz and improvisation : Pupil's book
Young children learn measurement and geometry : a learning-teaching trajectory with intermediate attainment targets for the lower grades in primary school
Sport foundations for elementary physical education : a tactical games approach
What's on?. 5, Do it extra
What's up?. 6, textbook
Kymppi in English. 2A
Developing ideas for the curriculum in facility management : competences and future prospects
Teaching primary mathematics
Evaluation of media and communication studies in higher education in Finland
Assessment for teaching
Comparison of Russian and Finnish educational systems at university level.  : Education in the field of HVAC.
Early language learning and teaching : A1-A2
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Thinking outside the box : enhancing science teaching by combining (instead of contrasting) laboratory and simulation activities
Laskutaito in English. 6B
Interprofessional and international learning experiences in social and health care higher education in Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Conditions for EFL learning and professional development : Finland-Swedish learner and teacher perspectives
"Is ox almost the same as fox?" : a study of 5th grade pupils and their English reading comprehension skills in the light of the Common European Framework of Reference
Primary art : it's the process, not the product
Classroom assessment scoring system : secondary manual
Teaching arithmetic in primary schools
What's up?. 3, textbook
Small-group writing conferences, K-5 : how to use your instructional time more efficiently
The role of temperament in children's affective and behavioral responses in achievement situations
Studies on higher education choices and spatial labour markets
Matkalla monikulttuuriseen hoitotyöhön : koulutusohjelman ristiinarviointiraportti = Towards multicultural nursing = cross-evaluation report of a degree programme
The Artifact Project : promoting design learning in the elementary classroom
Mathematics lesson structure in a Finnish primary school
The developmental dynamics of task-avoidant behavior and math performance in kindergarten and elementary school
Kymppi in English. 1A
Professionalisation of nursing in England and Spain : a comparative study
The book whisperer: awakening the inner reader in every child
Integrating environmental education in primary school education in Tanzania : teachers' perceptions and teaching practices
Understanding English word formation : a study among 6th-grade pupils in Finnish comprehensive school
Readings in primary art education
Benchmarking innovative curricula design process over continents
Developing teacher expertise : exploring key issues in primary practice
Wow!. 5, My own busy book : ratkaisut
There is strong social and political interest in active citizenship and values in education internationally. Active citizenship requires children to experience and internalize moral values for human rights, developing their own opinions and moral responsibility. While investment in young children is recognised as an important factor in the development of citizenship for a cohesive society, less is known about how early years teachers can encourage this in the classroom. This book will present new directions on how teachers can promote children's learning of moral values for citizenship in classrooms. The research provided offers important insights into teaching for active citizenship by: * providing an analysis of educational contexts for moral values for active citizenship * highlighting teachers' beliefs about knowing and knowledge (personal epistemologies) and how these relate to children's learning and understanding about social and moral values * discussing the impact of teachers' beliefs on teaching practices. Evidence suggests that investment in the early years is vital for all learning, and specifically for developing an understanding of active citizenship for tolerant and cohesive societies. This book will be essential reading for the professional education of early years teachers interested in teaching for active citizenship.
Same- and other-sex victimization : risk factors, consequences, and protection by peers
The popularity papers : Research for the social improvement and general betterment of Lydia Goldblatt & Julie Graham-Chang
Progress in reading literacy in national and international context : the impact of PIRLS 2006 in 12 countries
Young EFL-pupils reading multicultural children's fiction : an ethnographic case study in a swedish language primary school in Finland
Education on the Dalton plan
Wow!. 4, Study book : the dream team
"Hearing English in the class inspires me to learn the language" : Students' and teachers' perception on target language use in Finnish EFL classrooms
Me and my English : a material package promoting self-assessment in the primary school
Engaging primary children in mathematics
How the Hospitality Management Degree in Vaasa University of Applied Sciences Corresponds to Working Life
Comparison of strategies, methods and content in forestry education : An international comparative study
A-B-C - shaping alphabets with methods of outdoor and multisensory learning
This book compares primary education in urban and rural China and India. It focuses on how the sociocultural context including educational policy, educators and parents' beliefs, and the conditions under which teaching and learning occur shape classroom pedagogy and determine children's attainment. This in-depth, authentic, comparative analysis of the two largest educational systems in the world is a must-read for scholars interested in the teaching and learning in these two rapidly developing Asian cultures. A common set of questions has been addressed in diverse contexts. The empirical work on which this book is based is most impressive - videotaping of mathematics and language lessons, interviews with parents and educators questionnaires with parents, teachers and children and tests of children's mathematics attainment - and this done in 3 locations in China, 3 in India and 12 schools in total.
Scaffolding inquiry in science education by means of computer supported collaborative learning : pupils' and teacher students' experiences
What's on?. 3, Do it extra
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
The ostrich of Pudding Lane
Training professionals for the global marketplace : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
Towards global and sustainable higher education : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
"What are the issues that education raises for you? Beyond the technical skills and knowledge aspects of education, teachers and student teachers face questions which challenge their beliefs and approaches to their teaching and learning. This book contains a series of short articles each of which encourage you to reflect on your own practice and challenge your beliefs about how and what you teach. Questions explored include: When does inclusion become exclusion for the rest of the class? Do interactive whiteboards support or reduce creativity in the classroom? Is drama a luxury in the primary classroom? Should we be teaching other languages to children under seven? Learning outside the classroom, is it worth it? What makes a reflective practitioner? Essential reading for those training to teach children aged between 3 and 11, as well as practicing teachers looking to develop their practice"--
Bridging the transition from primary to secondary school
Fostering creative thinking : the role of primary teachers
Interprofessional and International Learning Experiences in Social and Health Care Higher Education in Lahti University of Applied Sciences
A focus on fractions : bringing research to the classroom
Raising educational standards by means of school effectiveness : a quantitative study of ten senior high schools in the Ashanti region of Ghana
Yippee!. 4, Reader
Supporting novice teachers at the work place : case study of selected schools in the Turku municipality
Yhteenveto (Summary)
The effectiveness of short-term literacy skills intervention on children at risk of reading and writing difficulties in Tanzania : a study of grade one children with dynamic assessment approach
Yippee!. 4, My own writer
Englannin treeni
Influence of grade one Zambian teachers and GraphoGame on initial literacy acquisition : Lusaka district
Assessment of young learners' English proficiency in bilingual content instruction CLIL
What's on?. 5, Do it
Better health via research
International interaction forms in global collaboration networks between the information technology industry and engineering education
First day at school
New ways to teach and learn in China and Finland : crossing boundaries with technology
The acquisition of early reading skills : the influence of the home environment in Lusaka, Zambia
Laskutaito in English. 6A
Studying in an international degree programme : from expectations to reality
Teaching in primary schools in China and India : contexts of learning
When science encounters the child : education, parenting, and child welfare in 20th-century America
Language workshop - children "tasting" foreign languages before systematic language teaching in schools
Learning English with Bobby. 1
Grammar in focus : a differentiated teacher's EFL material for the 4th grade
Mathematics, affect and learning : Middle school students’ beliefs and attitudes about mathematics education
Integrating art and language arts through children's literature
Analysis and development of media education solutions for pre- and primary schoolers in Pirkanmaa’s libraries
Setting young children up for success:approaching motivation through children’s perceptions of their ability
The social construction of learning and teaching in a classroom community of inquiry
Second language teaching in multilingual classes : basic principles for primary schools
Teaching grammar, punctuation and spelling in primary schools
The school leadership views on the impact of the national school feeding programme in Ghana : the case study of Adumanu M/A and Ayaasi D/A primary schools
"An accessible introduction to key educational issues, prompting debate, and encouraging reflective practice and supporting further enquiry"--
"Children Count" is an interpretive exploration into the teaching of mathematics to children. Through the use of narratives to make meaning of particular pedagogic events, the book explores the possibilities that exist for children and for teachers if mathematics is allowed to thrive in schools as a living human enterprise. Such a re-conceptualized view of mathematics challenges the status quo and results in a different image of schooling. "Children Count" gives the reader a picture of what a classroom could look like when it includes creativity, inquiry-based learning, empowerment of children and teachers, academic rigor, holism, and integrated and generative curricula. The text captures the mistakes, choices, the actions, and the decision-making process of a teacher who reflects and learns from her students as she realizes she "must" listen to them because what they have to say counts.
Cyber bullying : a prevention curriculum for grades 3-5
Feedback from Metropolia graduates : studying in an English Degree Program as an Immigrant and their Road to Working Life
Hissing snakes and buzzing bees : pronunciation in Finnish elementary and secondary school EFL teaching materials
International journal of construction education and research
Smart moves. 3, Texts
"So much more  than just a web course"
Development in reading and reading related skills : a follow-up study from pre-school to the fourth grade
Art, games and sensors harnessed to enhance well-being
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to conduct an evaluation study based on the feedback from former students with immigrant background of the English Degree Program in Social Services (DPSS) with the help of interviews. The idea of the evaluation was to harness what elements in the curriculum of the degree program had been useful during the studies and for later working life. The evaluation study was divided into three parts including their feedback on the study curriculum, studying in a multicultural environment and experiences on the process towards working life. A qualitative approach was used in carrying out the study. Semi structured interviews were used in collecting data. The study was focused on the individuals experiences and personal opinions in order for it to be able to provide a detailed feedback for the working life partner. Former students of the English degree program with immigrant background were contacted and six interviews were used for this study including two teacher interviews. The findings showed that the curriculum and the multicultural study environment generally played a supportive role for the former students of the DPSS. Work placements were regarded as the most beneficial element of the curriculum regarding employment opportunities in Finland. In conclusion, the results indicate that although there was a certain amount of dissatisfaction regarding the English language skills used in teaching, students were generally satisfied. The students were mainly motivated about getting a bachelor's certificate since they knew that the degree program will provide them one.
Scaffolding science inquiry through lesson design
Pencil grip : a descriptive model and four empirical studies
The road to learning via small group in elementary school
Children count : exploring what is possible in a classroom with mathematics and children
Jumpstart! Storymaking : games and activities for ages 7-12
Using the internet to teach english in primary education
Relationships between absences from school and certain factors related to school : a study on elementary school grades three to six
The shark In the pool
Laskutaito in English. 4A
Abstract: Developing Music Management in European collaboration. Cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management.
The development of students ́ physical education motivation and physical activity : a 3.5-year longitudinal study across grades 6 to 9
Traditional storytelling in the primary classroom
Take a shower! : a teacher's handbook for language showering in English
Schooling for sustainable development in Chinese communities : experience with younger children
Working life correspondence of the curriculum in the Degree Programme in Facility Management
Laskutaito in English. 3A
What's up?. 4, textbook
The development of young elementary school teachers : a follow-up study
Follow me. 3, Practice book
Reading, writing, and thinking about history : teaching diverse learners in the common core classroom, grades 6-12
Go for it!. 3, Textbook
The popularity papers : The Awesomely awful melodies of Lydia Goldblatt & Julie Graham-Chang
Yippee!. 3, Reader
Children's literature in primary schools
Sing, say, dance, play. 2 : seasonal songs, games and Orff activities for the music classroom
Teachers' perspective on gratitude within classroom environment
Education on the Dalton Plan
Wow!. 5, Busy book
Teachers' views on multilingualism : how does the presence of multiple languages in primary school English classrooms appear and to what effect? : "Mä olen suomenkielinen ... olen kaikki kieleni ihan opetellut."
Laskutaito in English. 3B
Good job! - giving positive feedback in EFL lessons : comparison of primary and secondary school
Developing literacy in the primary classroom
