http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21845 school culture
school culture school climate
Abstract.
School leadership en-route to 'grand leap' : case studies from Nepal and Finland
Principals matter : a guide to school, family, and community partnerships
Chinese students' perceptions of cooperative learning in Finland
Teacher competences in a changing school culture : a comparative analysis of teacher professionalism in England and Finland
Gender and sexual diversity in schools
Fashioning the feminine : girls, popular culture and schooling
Sámi pedagogihka iešvuođat = Saamelaispedagogiikan perusteet = The basics of Sámi pedagogy = Grunderna i samisk pedagogik = Osnovy saamskoj pedagogiki
Pathways to cultural awareness : cultural therapy with teachers and students
Motivation in education : theory, research and applications
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
Intézmények, folyamatok és kutatások a nemzetközi magyarságtudományban : a Jyväskyläi egyetem magyarságtudományi programjának első húsz éve = Institutions, tendencies and research in the international Hungarian studies : the first twenty years of the Jyväskylä University's Hungarian studies program
Education in museums, museums in education
Encountering differences : study and learning environment culture-shock in Finland : (the case of Asian first year international students)
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the Northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Deaf Heritage in Canada : a Distinctive, Diverse and Enduring Culture
Culture as innovation in vocational higher education
Teaching culture : the long revolution in cultural studies
The nature of school bullying : a cross-national perspective
Motivation in education : theory, research, and applications
Foreign student’ involvement in the enhancement of operations at University of Applied Sciences : case: Niemi Campus
Reforming teaching and teacher education : bright prospects for active schools
Girlhood and the politics of place
This collection explores how universities are coping with the range of reforms and changes taking place across higher education today. Analyzing areas such as leadership, quality management, strategic thinking, collegiality and academic work, and from the perspective of different agents within higher education including students, academics and management, this book examines the various differences between reform attempts and the actual changes happening in universities.
Words made flesh : nineteenth-century deaf education and the growth of deaf culture
Buildings telling european heritage : pedagogical perspectives : EUBuilIT - a proposal for teachers and students
Growing up the Chinese way : Chinese child and adolescent development
We need to talk about Kevin
Cultural manager 2020 : visions of future
From difficult teachers... to dynamic teams
During the early nineteenth century, schools for the deaf appeared in the United States for the first time. These schools were committed to the use of the sign language to educate deaf students. Manual education made the growth of the deaf community possible, for it gathered deaf people together in sizable numbers for the first time in American history. It also fueled the emergence of Deaf culture, as the schools became agents of cultural transformations. Just as the Deaf community began to be recognized as a minority culture, in the 1850s, a powerful movement arose to undo it, namely oral education. Advocates of oral education, deeply influenced by the writings of public school pioneer Horace Mann, argued that deaf students should stop signing and should start speaking in the hope that the Deaf community would be abandoned, and its language and culture would vanish. In this revisionist history, Words Made Flesh explores the educational battles of the nineteenth century from both hearing and deaf points of view. It places the growth of the Deaf community at the heart of the story of deaf education and explains how the unexpected emergence of Deafness provoked the pedagogical battles that dominated the field of deaf education in the nineteenth century, and still reverberate today.
Since education in family to system aspects of education
Gender differences in absorbing the organisation culture of New College Durham
Promoting Intercultural Management for Working Life in the Baltic Sea Region : A Five-Year Project. Thoughts, Experiences and Impact
Symbolic interaction and cultural studies
"Fashioning the Feminine" is a critical consideration of the roles played by popular culture and schooling in the construction of teenage female identity, and the possibilities that exist for challenges and change to that identity. Much has been written in the past decade about the ways in which popular cultural texts construct and legitimize particular images of femininity and masculinity. At the same time, there has been a recognition of the need for schools to provide classroom space and time for the real lived experiences of students. This book explores a field that is now of major concern to a number of different disciplines - sociology, gender studies, literary theory, socio-linguistics, cultural studies and education studies - and to anyone interested in the relationships between gender, culture and education. "Pam Gilbert is a Senior Lecturer in Education at James Cook University, Townsville. She is particularly interested in issues linking literature, language, gender and schooling practices, and is the author of "Coming out from under, Contemporary Australian women writers, Gender, literacy and the classroom" and "Writing, schooling and deconstruction". Sandra Taylor is a Senior Lecturer in Sociology of Education at Queensland Institute of Technology. She has a special interest in gender and schooling, and in policy issues relating to the education of girls. She is co-author of "Undersanding schooling: an introductory sociology of Australian education" and "Battlers and bluestockings: women's place in Australian education. This book is intended for students and researchers in gender studies.
The global intercultural communication reader
Abstract: Developing Music Management in European collaboration. Cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management.
Music inside and outside the school
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Crisis and renewal in one Finnish private school
Intercultural competence development of Finnish higher education personnel : case: Lahti UAS
As a deaf child, author Dr. Clifton F. Carbin knew almost nothing of the existence of deaf teachers, heroes, community leaders, artists' literary societies, or businesses that make up the rich fabric of Deaf culture in Canada. As an undergraduate at Gallaudet University in Washington, D.C., he dreamed of some day writing a book about his deaf countrymen and women that would fill this blank slate that all deaf Canadian children seem to face about their own history. Later, he joined forces with the late Forrest C. Nickerson, founder of the Canadian Cultural Society of the Deaf, who was following a similar dream. The research for Deaf Heritage in Canada has taken Dr. Carbin into every province and territory in Canada, into dusty attics and musty basements, stomping through soggy cemeteries and sifting through years of newspaper clippings and boxes of faded photographs.But what he has unearthed, after more than a decade of work, is a cultural treasure for both deaf and hearing Canadians. The story of the Canadian Deaf experience is the story of men and women, both hearing and deaf. Some have achieved recognition for their feats of bravery, for their pioneering spirit, for their courage in the face of adversity, for their determination to succeed regardless of the situation in which they found themselves. Others have added colour and texture to the Canadian tapestry through accomplishments in education, the arts, religion, science, writing and publishing, business and sports. The pages of Deaf Heritage in Canada bring to life the stories of these people. Dr.Carbin describes Deaf Heritage in Canada as "a window through which we can catch a glimpse of deaf Canadians as they go about their everyday lives, responding to events around them and making a difference in the future of their local Deaf communities." As such, it provides all Canadians with a fascinating and unique insight into the lives of deaf Canadians. It also provides, for deaf and hearing Canadians alike, an appreciation and understanding of the valuable contribution deaf Canadians have made and are continuing to make to the Canadian cultural mosaic.
The role of principals in government secondary schools in Cameroon : demand, constraints and choices : a case study of eight secondary schools
Academic motivation and the culture of school in childhood and adolescence
Transitions across schools and cultures
'In search of assessment feedback' : student view on the Finnish and British higher education
The risk of school rampage : assessing and preventing threats of school violence
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Conceptualizing, describing and contrasting school cultures : a comparative case study of school improvement processes
The principles and practice of teacher-conducted assessment in preschool and primary school
The Cambridge companion to modern Japanese culture
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
School culture development in China : perceptions of teachers and principals
Education for the intercultural experience
The pursuit of school effectiveness : research management and policy
History and Hungarian studies at the University of Jyväskylä
Violence in schools : cross-national and cross-cultural perspectives
The Bulgarian Roma in Helsinki : the diverse sub-groups amongst Bulgarian Roma and their reasons for being in Helsinki : a documentary film
Visual culture in the art class : case studies
What’s happened to the university? : a sociological exploration of its infantilisation
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
"Confronting strangeness" : towards a reflexive modernization of the school
Making changes in school policies and practices : curriculum change and its effect on school culture in one small rural school in Finland
EU business student expatriate cross-cultural adjustment at Anglia Polytechnic University
Interprofessional and international learning experiences in social and health care higher education in Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Facts about Slovenia
The need for cultural coaching : A study of the state of cultural education in international business studies in Tamk and other universities of applied science
School and choice : an ethnography of a primary school with bilingual classes
Managing change in schools
Building strong school cultures : a guide to leading change
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Cognition of Korean-English secondary school teachers about intercultural dimension in EFL teaching
School as a working environment : experiences and findings from the finnish schools
The conception of culture, interculture borderline and Finnishness : a case from Finnish basic education
Other people's children : cultural conflict in the classroom
Developing Music Management in European collaboration : cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management
How do the Sami culture and school culture converge - or do they?
How to handle bullying and gangs
Managing reform in universities : the dynamics of culture, identity and organizational change
Religious schools : the case against
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Improving schools : studies in leadership and culture
Shaping school culture : pitfalls, paradoxes, and promises
Developing teacher professionalism and identity in the midst of large scale education reform : the case of Kosovo
Senior high school of space in China : a study of spatial utilisation in examination oriented Chinese senior high schools
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Administrative reform and capacity building : the case of primary education in Bangladesh
International Club for International Students in Higher Education : Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences
Sustaining professional learning communities
School library : a tool for developing the school's operating culture
Storied relationships : students recall their teachers
Crystals of schoolchildren's well-being : cross-border training material for promoting psychosocial well-being through school education
Home-school connections in a multicultural society : learning from and with culturally and linguistically diverse families
School library: a tool for developing the school’s operating culture
