http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21825 Asian American literature
Asian American literature
Asian American literature. Volume 3, Poetry
Locating race : global sites of post-colonial citizenship
Asian American literature
How to be South Asian in America : narratives of ambivalence and belonging
Inhuman citizenship : traumatic enjoyment and Asian American literature
The female Bildungsroman by Toni Morrison and Maxine Hong Kingston : a postmodern reading
The Routledge companion to Asian American and Pacific Islander literature
This book is a ground-breaking transnational study of representations of the environment in Asian American literature. Extending and renewing Asian American studies and ecocriticism by drawing the two fields into deeper dialogue, it brings Asian American writers to the center of ecocritical studies. This collection demonstrates the distinctiveness of Asian American writers' positions on topics of major concern today: environmental justice, identity and the land, war environments, consumption, urban environments, and the environment and creativity. Represented authors include Amy Tan, Maxine Hong Kingston, Ruth Ozeki, Ha Jin, Fae Myenne Ng, Le Ly Hayslip, Lan Cao, Mitsuye Yamada, Lawson Fusao Inada, Jeanne Wakatsuki Houston, Milton Murayama, Don Lee, and Hisaye Yamamoto. These writers provide a range of perspectives on the historical, social, psychological, economic, philosophical, and aesthetic responses of Asian Americans to the environment conceived in relation to labor, racism, immigration, domesticity, global capitalism, relocation, pollution, violence, and religion. Contributors apply a diversity of critical frameworks, including critical radical race studies, counter-memory studies, ecofeminism, and geomantic criticism. The book presents a compelling and timely "green" perspective through which to understand key works of Asian American literature and leads the field of ecocriticism into neglected terrain.
Passage to Manhattan : critical essays on Meena Alexander
Ethnic life writing and histories : genres, performance, and culture
Asian American fiction, history and life writing : international encounters
Diasporic representations : reading Chinese American women's fiction
Asian American women's popular literature : feminizing genres and neoliberal belonging
Multicultural American literature : comparative Black, Native, Latino/a and Asian American fictions
Moving migration : narrative transformations in Asian American literature
Asian American literature : an introduction to the writings and their social context
Transcultural reinventions : Asian American and Asian Canadian short-story cycles
Asian-American women writers
Asian American literature. Volume 1, Literary history : criticism and theory
Mobile homes : spatial and cultural negotiation in Asian American literature
The interethnic imagination : roots and passages in contemporary Asian American fiction
Immigrant acts : on Asian American cultural politics
The deathly embrace : orientalism and Asian American identity
Rody proposes a new paradigm for understanding the changing terrain of contemporary fiction. She claims that what we have long read as ethnic literature is in the process of becoming 'interethnic'. Examining an extensive range of Asian American fictions, she offers readings of three especially compelling examples.
Transnational matrilineage : mother-daughter conflicts in Asian American literature
Scrutinized! : surveillance in Asian North American literature
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng.
Positioning the new : Chinese American literature and the changing image of the American literary canon
Reading Asian American literature : from necessity to extravagance
Asian American literature in the international context : readings on fiction, poetry and performance
Unfastened : globality and Asian North American narratives
"Passage to Manhattan: Critical Essays on Meena Alexander" is a unique compendium of scholarship on South Asian American writer Meena Alexander, who is recognized as one of the most influential and innovative contemporary South Asian American poets. Her poetry, memoirs, and fiction occupy a unique locus at the intersection of postcolonial and US multicultural studies. This anthology examines the importance of her contribution to both fields. It is the first sustained analysis of the entire Alexander oeuvre, employing a diverse array of critical methodologies. Drawing on feminist, Marxist, cultural studies, trauma studies, contemporary poetics, phenomenology, and psychoanalysis, the collection features fifteen chapters and an Afterword, by well established scholars of postcolonial and Asian American literature like Roshni Rustomji, May Joseph, Anindyo Roy, and Amritjit Singh, as well as by emerging scholars like Ronaldo Wilson, Parvinder Mehta, and Kazim Ali. The contributors offer insights on nearly all of Alexander's major works, and the volume achieves a balance between Alexander's diverse genres, covering the spectrum from early works like "Nampally Road" to her forthcoming book "The Poetics of Dislocation". The essays engage with a variety of debates in postcolonial, feminist, and US multicultural studies, as well as providing many nuanced and detailed readings of Alexander's mutli-layered texts.
The Routledge Companion to Asian American and Pacific Islander Literature offers a general introduction as well as a range of critical approaches to this important and expanding field. Divided into three sections, the volume iIntroduces "keywords" connecting the theories, themes and methodologies distinctive to Asian American Literature; addresses historical periods, geographies and literary identities; looks at different genre, form and interdisciplinarity. With 41 essays from scholars in the field this collection is a comprehensive guide to a significant area of literary study for students and teachers of Ethnic American, Asian diasporic and Pacific Islander Literature.
Ingratitude : the debt-bound daughter in Asian American literature
Form and transformation in Asian American literature
This book examines U.S. multiculturalism from the perspective of Asian American writings, drawing contrasts between politically acquiescent multiculturalism and politically conscious multiculturalism. Chae discusses the works of writers who have highlighted a critical awareness of Asian Americans' social and economic status and their position as 'unassimilable aliens', 'yellow perils', 'coolies', 'modern-day high tech coolies', or as a 'model minority', which were ideologically woven through the complex interactions of capital and labor in the U.S. cultural and labor history. Chae suggests that more productive means of analysis must be brought to the understanding of Asian American writings, many of which have been attempting to raise awareness of the politicizing effects of U.S. multiculturalism. -- Provided by publisher.
"So there it is" : an exploration of cultural hybridity in contemporary Asian American poetry
Asian American literature : a brief introduction and anthology
FOB and other plays
Recontextualizing Asian American domesticity : from Madame Butterfly to My American wife!
Contours of the heart : South Asians map North America
Surviving the loss : abjection and hypochondria in Maxine Hong Kingstons's The woman warrior and Fae Myenne Ng's Bone
Asian American literary studies
Apparitions of Asia : modernist form and Asian American poetics
This ground-breaking edited volume includes chapters which explore the past, present and future position of Chinese American authors within the framework of what Bloom identifies as the 'Western literary canon.' These selections, which simultaneously represent the exciting 'transnational turn' in American literary studies, not only examine whether or not Chinese American literature is inside or outside the canon, but also question if there is, or should be, a literary canon at all. Moreover, they dissect the canonicity of Chinese American literature by elucidating the social, political and cultural implications of inclusion in the canon. Ultimately, however, this collection is designed as a preliminary step towards exploring the impact of Chinese American literature on the white, Anglo-Saxon Protestant-dominated American literary world, and probing the by-products of both cultural fusion and cultural collision.
Asian American literature : an annotated bibliography
"In Inhuman Citizenship, Juliana Chang claims that literary representations of Asian American domesticity may be understood as symptoms of America's relationship to its national fantasies and to the "jouissance"--a Lacanian term signifying a violent yet euphoric shattering of the self--that both overhangs and underlies those fantasies. In the national imaginary, according to Chang, racial subjects are often perceived as the source of jouissance, which they supposedly embody through their excesses of violence, sexuality, anger, and ecstasy--excesses that threaten to overwhelm the social order.To examine her argument that racism ascribes too much, rather than a lack of, humanity, Chang analyzes domestic accounts by Asian American writers, including Fae Myenne Ng's Bone, Brian Ascalon Roley's American Son, Chang-rae Lee's Native Speaker, and Suki Kim's The Interpreter."
The Cambridge companion to Asian American literature
Invisibility in African American and Asian American literature : a comparative study
This is all I choose to tell : history and hybridity in Vietnamese American literature
Motherlands : black women's writing from Africa, the Caribbean and South Asia
Filthy fictions : Asian American literature by women
Asian American literature. Volume 2, Prose : fiction and non-fiction
Afro-Orientalism
Asian-American authors
The legacy of Maxine Hong Kingston : the Mulhouse book
An ethics of betrayal : the politics of otherness in emergent U.S. literatures and culture
Asian American literature and the environment
Asian American studies now : a critical reader
Racial asymmetries : Asian American fictional worlds
Politicizing Asian American literature : towards a critical multiculturalism
Forgotten pages of American literature
In full bloom
Foreign accents : Chinese American verse from exclusion to postethnicity
Asian American literature. Volume 4, Drama and performance
Culinary fictions : food in South Asian diasporic culture
Racial feelings : Asian America in a capitalist culture of emotion
The semblance of identity : aesthetic mediation in Asian American literature
Transnational poetics : Asian Canadian women's fiction of the 1990s
The history of Asian American literature reveals the ongoing attempt to work through the fraught relationship between identity politics and literary representation. This relationship is especially evident in literary works which claim that their content represents the socio-historical world. The Semblance of Identity argues that the reframing of the field as a critical, rather than identity-based, project nonetheless continues to rely on the logics of identity. Drawing on the writings of philosopher and literary critic Georg Lukacs, Christopher Lee identifies a persistent composite figure that he calls the idealized critical subject, which provides coherence to oppositional knowledge projects and political practices. He reframes identity as an aesthetic figure that tries to articulate the subjective conditions for knowledge. Harnessing Theodor Adorno's notion of aesthetic semblance, Lee offers an alternative account of identity as a figure akin to modern artwork. Like art, Lee argues, identity provides access to imagined worlds that in turn wage a critique of ongoing histories and realities of racialization. This book assembles a transnational archive of literary texts by Eileen Chang, Frank Chin, Maxine Hong Kingston, Chang-rae Lee, Michael Ondaatje, and Jose Garcia Villa, revealing the intersections of subjectivity and representation, and drawing our attention to their limits.
"Challenging the tidy links among authorial position, narrative perspective, and fictional content, Stephen Hong Sohn argues that Asian American authors have never been limited to writing about Asian American characters or contexts. Racial Asymmetries specifically examines the importance of first person narration in Asian American fiction published in the postrace era, focusing on those cultural productions in which the author's ethnoracial makeup does not directly overlap with that of the storytelling perspective. Through rigorous analysis of novels and short fiction, such as Sesshu Foster's Atomik Aztex, Sabina Murray's A Carnivore's Inquiry and Sigrid Nunez's The Last of Her Kind, Sohn reveals how the construction of narrative perspective allows the Asian American writer a flexible aesthetic canvas upon which to engage issues of oppression and inequity, power and subjectivity, and the complicated construction of racial identity. Speaking to concerns running through postcolonial studies and American literature at large, Racial Asymmetries employs an interdisciplinary approach to reveal the unbounded nature of fictional worlds. Stephen Hong Sohn is Assistant Professor of English at Stanford University. He is the co-editor of Transnational Asian American Literature: Sites and Transits"--
Writing manhood in black and yellow : Ralph Ellison, Frank Chin, and the literary politics of identity
Shifting the center : emotional exile and the aesthetic of displacement in Chuang Hua's Crossings
Art, Literature, and the Japanese American Internment
Transnational Asian American literature : sites and transits
Compositional subjects : enfiguring Asian/American women
Chinatown family
South Asian Atlantic literature, 1970-2010
Bicultural bodies : a study of South Asian American women's literature
"In Racial Feelings, Jeffrey Santa Ana examines how Asian American narratives communicate and critique-to varying degrees-the emotions that power the perception of Asians as racially different. Santa Ana explores various forms of Asian American cultural production, ranging from literature and graphic narratives to film and advertising, to illuminate the connections between global economic relations and the emotions that shape aspirations for the good life. He illustrates his argument with examples including the destitute Filipino immigrant William Paulinha, in Han Ong's Fixer Chao, who targets his anger on the capitalist forces of objectification that racially exploit him, and Nan and Pingpin in Ha Jin's A Free Life, who seek happiness and belonging in America. Racial Feelings addresses how Asian Americans both resist and rely on stereotypes in their writing and art work. In addition, Santa Ana investigates how capitalism shapes and structures an emotional discourse that represents Asians as both economic exemplars and threats. "--
Interracial encounters : reciprocal representations in African American and Asian American literatures, 1896-1937
Virtually American? : denationalizing North American studies
Modeling citizenship : Jewish and Asian American writing
