http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21890 detectives
detectives
Skies of ash
Hard currency : an inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
The curious case of the copper corpse
"When your Monday morning begins with a dead dog at four a.m. and ends with a dead boss by ten, you know it's going to be one of those days. And breakfast TV reporter Cora Baxter has already had the weekend from hell, after the man she was planning a fabulous future with unceremoniously dumped her. Now Cora's much-hated boss has been murdered, and Cora is assigned to cover the story for the breakfast show - but as the murder enquiry continues, the trail of suspects leads frighteningly close to home. Why is Cora's arch-rival, glamorous, bitchy newsreader Alice Lomas, so devastated by their boss's death? What dark secret is one of her camera crew hiding? And why has her now-ex-boyfriend vanished? The race to stop the killer striking again is on"--Publisher's description.
Judgment call : a Brady novel of suspense
Motive : an Alex Delaware novel
Lego City undercover : Wii U
Stray toasters
Secret agent Lily Dawson poses as a courtesan to try to uncover a traitor to the Crown, and soon enlists the help of Andrew Booth-Payne, the Earl of Darlington.
Don't cry, Tai lake : an Inspector Chen novels
London, The mid-sixties. In what appears to have been a murder attempt, Britain's greatest pop sensation 'Vic Vox' has been left a foot tall - the effects of the 'shrink drug' administered by assailants unknown. Detective Chief inspector Ladyshoe and his team at Scotland Yard are out to find who did it, and why, but they are up against the clock. They need to crack the case within the week and return Vox to full-size in time for him to perform as the main act on television's biggest one-off, live pop show: 'Ready For Pop'
Amos Decker, newly hired to a FBI special task force, takes an interest in convicted murderer Melvin Mars case when he discovers the eerie similarities to his own life.
It was a calculated, vicious murder. The killer selected his victim at Euston station, followed her home on the tube, and then strangled her to death in front of her child. At the same time the dead woman is found, a second body is discovered at the back of King's Cross station -- killed in identical fashion. It is a grisly coincidence that eerily echoes the murders of two other women, both stabbed to death months before on the same day. Detective Inspector Tom Thorne sees the link and comes to the horrifying conclusion that it is not one serial killer the police are up against: it is two of them. Now each time a body is found, Thorne must live with the knowledge that somewhere out there is a second victim, waiting to be discovered. But while the methods might be the same, the killers are very different -- one submissive and terrified, the other ruthless and in control. To stop them both, Thorne must catch a man whose need to manipulate is as great as his need to kill; a man who will threaten those closest to Thorne himself; a man who will show him that the ability to inspire terror is the deadliest weapon of all.
The cutting
Dead to me
Snapping the Big Apple's bad seeds
The betrayal of trust
A secret place
The dead woman of Deptford
When we were orphans
Body Guard : a Carol Ashton mystery
A frightfully English execution
Curious minds
Infinite ground
Bones in her pocket : a Temperance Brennan short story
The innocent
Playing James
Abandoned
Shades of blue
A case of two cities
The redeemers
Green River killer : true detective story
Thomas Fool alone has survived the wrath of both demon and angel, and now he faces his most thrilling and complex challenge. Troubling and deadly fires are spreading throughout Hell, and it is Fool's job to sift the ashes and find their source. The clues he finds are mysterious and unsettling, implying something different from the usual litany of cruelty he sees. But one fact is the most disconcerting: the fires have left his masters at the Bureaucracy terrified. In the midst of the chaos, Fool is sent to accompany a political delegation to Heaven. It is unprecedented for a condemned human to enter the land of the elevated, but Fool is protected as one of Hell's own. When his arrival coincides with the discovery of an impossible murder, he faces a catastrophic paradox. Violence, corruption, and fear are Hell's currency; how does one investigate evil where those concepts cannot exist? Impossible or not, the killings are real, and the evidence leads Fool deep into the contradictions of a visionary landscape, where danger can present itself in any form, and to the heart of a conspiracy with the power to upset the balance of Heaven and Hell.
Haunted in death and Eternity in death
Silently dipping his oars in the water he made his escape. It was a weary journey, with few spoils to show for it. Next time he would do better. He looked back over his shoulder. The bridge had disappeared, swallowed up by the darkness. From its walkway he too had become invisible. Only the bloody body of a woman showed he had been roaming the streets that night. D.I. Ian Peterson investigates a series of gruesome and brutal axe murders in York. As the body count mounts, the case demands all Ian's ingenuity, because this is a killer who leaves no clues.
The man with the dark beard
The crossing
The child's secret
Driving heat
Alone with the dead
Death bed
A great reckoning
Bullet to the head
She was just 17, a high school dropout named Milly Jones, found walking down the middle of the highway, engulfed in flames. Even in a tough Mississippi county like Tibbehah, it shatters the community, and it is up to Sheriff Quinn Colson, back on the job after a year away, and his deputy Lillie Virgil, to investigate what happened, and why. Before long, however, accusations start to fly; national media and federal authorities descend; and what seemed like a senseless act of violence begins to appear like something even more disturbing - with more victims waiting in the shadows.
Exposed
The devil's disciple
In place of death
Ready for pop
Long before Jessica Daniel became a police detective, Manchester was a ghost city after dark. Fear ruled as people were afraid to be out by themselves, the notorious Stretford Slasher terrorizing its inhabitants. Now, twenty-five years on and the media are feeling nostalgic. But Jessica has a new case to worry about. Apparent strangers are being targeted in broad daylight, the attacker unworried about being caught. If only Jessica and her team could track him down ...It's the coldest spring in memory and Jessica has old friends to look out for, plus secrets - so many secrets - that should have long been buried.
A lesson in secrets
The killing place
With my hateful brother Binky in town, I've been desperately seeking an escape. To my delight, it comes in the form of an invitation from the Queen to represent the royals at a wedding in Transylvania - legendary home of vampires. I soon realise why I was the one honoured with such an invitation. The bride, Princess Maria Theresa, happens to be my old school chum, Matty. But my stay in her macabre - looking castle turns unnerving when I find dear Matty with blood running down her chin. Then, during the ceremony, a prominent wedding guest is poisoned. Something must be done lest the nuptial festivities go to ruin, or, worse yet, the couple's vows become: to love and to cherish, till undeath do us part.
Her Royal Spyness
The dark angel
The death collector
Chew. [Vol. 11], The last suppers
A killing winter
Bryant & May : the burning man
The firemaker
The royal ghost
Cop Out
The doll maker
The memory of evil
Thankless in death
Midnight In Death and Interlude In Death
The detective's assistant
The domino killer
Love & loyalty
The dead dog day
Raging heat
A man lies dreaming
Obsession in death
He is only in his early thirties, but now Quinn Colson is jobless--voted out of office as sheriff of Tibbehah County, Mississippi, thanks to the machinations of county kingpin Johnny Stagg. He has offers, in bigger and better places, but before he goes, he's got one more job to do--bring down Stagg's criminal operations for good. At least that's the plan. But in the middle of the long, hot summer, a trio of criminals stage a bold, wall-smashing break-in at the home of a local lumber mill owner, making off with a million dollars in cash from his safe, which is curious, because the mill owner is wealthy--but not that wealthy. None of this has anything to do with Colson, but during the investigation, two men are killed, one of them the new sheriff. His friend, acting sheriff Lillie Virgil, and a dangerous former flame, Anna Lee Stevens, both ask him to step in, and reluctantly he does, only to discover that that safe contained more than just money--it held secrets. Secrets that could either save Colson--or destroy him once and for all.
Psycho-pass : Inspector Shinya Kogami. Volume 1
Harbour Street
Ritual in death & Missing in death
The case of the 'Hail Mary' Celeste : the case files of JackWenlock, railway detective
Dead Certain : a Carol Ashton mystery
The Devil's evidence
The deadline
Chew : the omnivore edition. Vol. 2
Brooklyn 99. Season one
Death of yesterday : A Hamish Macbeth murder mystery
Chew : Cases of the FDA
The death of a young man, found cocooned in plastic, looks like it was a tragic accident - a sex game gone wrong. But when another lifeless victim is found days later, wrapped tight, DI Helen Grace knows that she's on the hunt for a serial killer ...
Scaredy cat
Second watch : J. P. Beaumont novel
Royal flush
A deadly Cambodian crime spree
Being thirty-fifth in line for the British throne has its advantages, but money isn't one of them. To make ends meet, Lady Georgiana Rannoch sometimes investigates a little royal wrongdoing.
The chill of night : [a novel of suspense]
The honey guide
Murdered : soul suspect : Xbox One
The Devil's detective
Darkness first
Precious and the mystery of Meerkat Hill : a new case from Precious Ramotswe
The butchers of berlin
When Inspector Akyl Borubaev of Bishkek Murder Squad arrives at the brutal murder scene of a young woman, all evidence hints at a sadistic serial killer on the hunt for more prey. But when the young woman's father turns out to be a leading government minister, the pressure is on Borubaev to solve the case not only quickly but also quietly, by any means possible. Until more bodies are found . . . Still in mourning after his wife's recent death, Borubaev descends into Bishkek's brutal underworld, a place where no-one and nothing is as it seems, where everyone is playing for the highest stakes, and where violence is the only solution.
Swamp bones : a novella
Crossing the line
Recipes for love & murder : a Tannie Maria mystery
Hell's gate
The Ghoul
The surrogates
Mr. Monk and the new lieutenant : a novel
After her : a novel
The innocents
1930's London: Poor Lady Georgiana - thirty-fourth in line to the throne - has been sent home due to a little scandal. Now she must keep the entirely unsuitable Mrs. Simpson from seducing the Prince of Wales - and help Scotland Yard by preventing someone from shooting the Prince of Wales instead of quails.
Rip Kirby : The first modern detective complete comic strips. [Volume four] 1954-1956
Murdered : soul suspect : PlayStation 3
Jane and the twelve days of Christmas
Chew. [Vol. 12], Sour grapes
Father Aloysius Walsh spent the last years of his life painstakingly collecting evidence of murder, mass murder - a year-long killing spree of unparalleled savagery that blighted Ireland's borderlands at the end of the 1970s. Pinned to his bedroom wall, a macabre map charts the grim territory of death: victims, weapons, wounds, dates - and somehow, amid the forest of pins and notes, he had discerned a pattern... So why did the priest deliberately drive through a cordon of policemen and off the road to his death? Why, when Inspector Celcius Daly arrives at the scene, does he find Special Branch already there? And why is his mother's name on the Priest's map? The past poisons the present and Daly's life will never be the same again.
The pale house
A great reckoning : [a chief inspector Gamache thriller]
Boy crucified
This is a series which introduces a fun and entertaining crime-solving team with great romantic chemistry: fiesty financial analyst Riley Moon and eccentric savant Emerson Knight. Riley Moon is a junior analyst at a mega-bank when she uncovers what looks like an embezzlement scheme that could lead straight to the top. With his gold gone missing and analysts disappearing, famously eccentric Emerson Knight, the bank's biggest client, decides to take on his own investigation. With Emerson's laser-like focus and ability to see clues no one else sees, and Riley's financial-whiz mind and street savvy skills, this unlikely pair will uncover one of the biggest crimes of the century.
Shanghai redemption
Little Boy Blue
After I'm gone : a novel
Brighton, 1871. A book by two respectable spinsters claiming to have seen the ghost of the Prince Regent in Brighton Pavilion shocks the town and attracts the attention of spiritualist Arthur Wallace Hope. Young Mina Scarletti, a writer of horror stories and investigator of psychic phenomena, suspects fraud. As the summer heat rises and hearts flutter dangerously, Mina and her associates delve into the mystery and, in doing so, they soon discover that nothing is as it seems.
Lady Victoria Georgiana Charlotte Eugenie, 34th in line for the throne, is flat broke. She's bolted Scotland, her greedy brother, and her fish-faced betrothed for London. The place where she'll experience freedom, learn life lessons aplenty, do a bit of spying for HRH - oh, and find a dead Frenchman in her tub. Now her new job is to clear her long family name.
Comes a stranger
The girl in the woods
Bad things happen
The last mile
Hide and seek
Nuori Morse = the young inspector Morse. Box 1.
The hanging club
No other darkness
In the dead of night, three raging fires light up the city skies. It's more than a tragic coincidence. For DI Helen Grace the flames announce the arrival of an evil she has never encountered before. Because this is no firestarter seeking sick thrills, but something more chilling: a series of carefully calculated acts of murder. But why were the victims chosen? What's driving the killer? And who will be next? A powder keg of fear, suspicion and dread has been laid. Now all it needs is a spark to set it off . . .
For richer, for poorer
The silent dead
Even dogs in the wild
Land of shadows
Countdown city
In a future where peace and safety are maintained through the constant monitoring of each person's emotional state, Psycho-pass : Inspector Shinya Kogami reveals the detective past of the man destined to become the legendary enforcer Shinya Kogami. An artificial organ with a numbered brand has become the key piece of evidence that leads Kogami and his team to a network of organ smugglers. But the complicated trap they construct for the culprit has a flaw that may prove fatal!
Brooklyn 99. Season two
In the summer of 1986, two tragedies rocked Oklahoma City. Six movie-theater employees were brutally killed in an armed robbery. Then a teenage girl vanished from the annual state fair. Neither crime was ever solved. Twenty-five years later, the reverberations of those unsolved cases continue to echo through the lives of those devastated by the crimes. Wyatt, the one teenage employee who inexplicably survived the movie-theater massacre, is now a private investigator in Las Vegas. A case unexpectedly brings him back to a hometown and a past he's tried to escape -- and drags him deeper into the harrowing mystery of the movie-house robbery that left six of his friends dead.
Enigma of China
Lego city undercover : Wii U
The long and faraway gone : a novel
22 little dead bodies
Detective Inspector Helen Grace has spent her whole life running. From the past. From herself. From everyone who's ever tried to get close to her. She's spent her whole life hiding. Behind the badge. Behind her reputation as one of the country's best detectives. Until - framed for murder - she became one of its most high-profile prisoners. Now there is nowhere to run. Nowhere to hide. Because HMP Holloway is a place of dark days and long nights with dangers at every turn. Despised by the inmates and reviled by the guards, Helen must face her nightmare alone. And then a carefully mutilated body is found in a locked cell. Now Helen must find a ruthless serial killer. Before the killer finds her.
A smart and engaging police procedural about a Dutch detective struggling to come to terms with her past. Set in Amsterdam, the novel introduces Lotte Meerman, a Cold Case detective still recovering from the emotional devastation of her previous investigation. A tip-off leads Lotte to an unresolved ten-year-old murder case in which her father was the lead detective. When she discovers irregularities surrounding the original investigation that make him a suspect, she decides to cover for him. She doesn't tell her boss about the family connection and jeopardises her career by hiding evidence. Now she has to find the real murderer before her acts are discovered, otherwise her father will go to jail and she will lose her job, the one thing in life she still takes pride in.
Chew : the omnivore edition. Vol. 1
A cold death in Amsterdam
The good priest
Rip Kirby : The first modern detective complete comic strips. [Volume three] 1951-1954
Rip Kirby : The first modern detective complete comic strips. [Volume one] 1946-1948
"When an intricate old map is found stuffed into the walls of the bistro in Three Pines, it at first seems no more than a curiosity. But the closer the villagers look, the stranger it becomes. Given to Armand Gamache as a gift the first day of his new job, the map eventually leads him to shattering secrets. To an old friend and older adversary. It leads the former Chief of Homicide for the Sûreté du Québec to places even he is afraid to go. But must. And there he finds four young cadets in the Sûreté academy, and a dead professor. And, with the body, a copy of the old, odd map. Everywhere Gamache turns, he sees Amelia Choquet, one of the cadets. Tattooed and pierced. Guarded and angry. Amelia is more likely to be found on the other side of a police line-up. And yet she is in the academy. A protégée of the murdered professor..."--
A little girl is missing. Her parents are hiding something. Who will pay the price? When Jasmine Peterson goes missing, the police want to know everything. They want to know why the local park keeper, Sam McIntyre, went out of his way to befriend an eight-year-old girl. They want to know why Sam became so involved in Jasmine's family. They want to know what's concealed in Sam's past. But the police don't know the secret that Jasmine's parents are hiding, and as the time ticks away, the unstoppable chain of events that has been set in motion is hurtling towards a tragic conclusion. The question is: who will pay the price?
Rip Kirby : The first modern detective complete comic strips. [Volume two] 1948-1951
The twelve clues of Christmas
Poison city
When a fly-covered canvas bag floats to the surface of North Carolina's Mountain Island Lake, forensic anthropologist Tempe Brennan is called to the scene. Animal remains? Or could this be related to bone fragments from a human male found nearby? To Tempe's surprise, the decomposed body indicates the person was a female young adult. The profile fits the description of a missing graduate student named Edith Blankenship. Was Blankenship murdered? If so, why?
Sapphires are an earl's best friend
