http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21895 washers
washers
Sorbent characterization for circulating fluidized bed scrubbers
Wärtsilä scrubbers first to be certified to combat marine sulphur oxide emissions
Abstract: This study was commissioned by Ewals Cargo Care, which transports cargo with Mega trailers in Europe using a number of intermodal solutions to achieve cost-efficient transport for the needs of the customers. The main objective of this study was to determine the estimated sea freight rates increase in 2015 when the tighter sulphur directive will come into force. The objective was also to find out the current situation and the commercial value of the Baltic Sea as well as solutions for the ship-ping companies to respond to tighter sulphur directive.  The purpose of this study was to calculate the estimated increase of the sea freight rates in a few routes so that Ewals Cargo Care could prepare for possible rise in pric-es in the near future. The study was divided into theoretical and empirical part with equal proportions. Theory section introduces the commercial situation of the Baltic Sea, the sulphur directive and the structure of the shipping costs.  In the empirical analysis part the new freight rates were calculated, solutions for tighter suphur directive challenges was searched and two interviews were held with shipping companies which are in cooperation with Ewals Cargo Care. Interviews and calculations are also the part of the execution of the study which also is the major research process.  After the empirical part of the study results were reviewed and conclusions of the studied subject were presented. Frames of the interviews, tables of the current and new freight rates are attached in the end of the study.
A compact Dual Water hybrid scrubber is an optimized solution for removing sulphur emissions from ship's exhaust gases, which is dimensioned according to installation specific features along with more operational environment related design parameters. Ongoing Dual Water hybrid scrubber projects are focusing on Cruise ship segment and the studied and designed solutions are highly customer tailored and customer specific. The objective of this study was to analyze design parameters, their influence to dimensioning and their functionality to the scrubber dimensioning and efficiency. Furthermore, the aim was to generate design parameter values for merchant fleet, possibly enabling more efficient design for a Hybrid scrubber with standardized design setpoint. Design parameters have a great effect on scrubber unit's size and the total system's efficiency. Open loop stage is the most energy consuming as large sea water volumes are pumped high up to the scrubber unit.Therefore, when optimizing the sea water flow the most efficient system operation could be achieved. The material for this thesis work has been obtained by an extensive literature research. The focus has been on merchant fleet but the results are also valid for other ship types. The results have been tested in a case study by the process simulation calculations from real ship projects with Wärtsilä's 2-stroke engines. The variation in values of the design parameters, such as in heavy fuel oil quality, in fuel oil consumption, in exhaust gas flow, in sea water temperature and alkalinity questions the possibility to standardize the design setpoint and the performance of the Dual Water hybrid scrubbers. However, with optimized design parameters for Open loop scrubbing, the needed sulphur content reductions could be achieved with the sea water flow of 30 l/kWh, which is 15 l/kWh less than the quantity used at present with the Dual Water hybrid scrubbers and the Open loop scrubbers.In order to achieve a more economical scrubber operation, the sea water pumping should be executed so that the pumping capacities follow the scrubber load.
Best available techniques to treat bleed-off from marine SO2-scrubbers
Sulphur directive impact on freight rates : case Ewals Cargo Care
Automatic Washing System : Analysis of Problems and Evaluation of Possible Solutions
This Bachelor's thesis was made in cooperation with Wärtsilä Finland Oy and Viking Line Abp. The thesis studies the installation of exhaust gas treatment technology to the M/S Gabriella and challenges brought by it. The thesis also reviews sulfur emission limits set by International Maritime Organization (IMO) for ships that operate inside SECA areas and ways to achieve these limits with exhaust gas treatment technology. Limitations come into force in January 2015. Wärtsilä Finland has developed equipment for exhaust gas treatment that meets the emission limits set by IMO and made an offer for Viking Line of delivering such equipment to M/S Gabriella, which started operating in 1991. Under closer review is the ship itself, its equipment, and changes to be made onboard, Wärtsilä's scrubber appliances, appliance placement and benefits achieved by installation.The main focus is on closed loop fresh water scrubber but also open loop sea water is reviewed and a comparison is made between these two. The thesis attempts to point out the importance of weight management in retrofit projects and search for solutions to this project, which will decrease mass onboard. Although installation is quite challenging, it should be technically possible to execute. The profit achieved in terms of money is relatively significant. Installation of scrubber makes the usage of high sulfur content fuel oil possible, which is remarkably cheaper than low sulfur marine gas oil. All in all the thesis will recommend that installation of such equipment should be made before it is too late. Savings made with the installation annually, even with such aged ship, are enormous when the fuel oil type is changed. All the appliances can be fitted inside the ship reasonably.It is found that there are no problems with the stability and the weight reduction solutions are successful. Changes to the existing structures are relatively minor, where the lengthening of existing funnel can be mentioned as one of the biggest.
Designing the Wärtsilä turbocharger Washing Unit
Efficient dual water hybrid scrubber design parameters : for merchant ships
Usability development for a marine SO2 scrubber
This thesis was commissioned by Wärtsilä Finland Oy. The purpose of this study was to develop and design an appropriate training simulator for Wärtsilä's exhaust gas cleaning scrubber. The simulator would be used in customer and internal personnel training and for familiarization purposes within Wärtsilä's own training center, Wärtsilä Land and Sea Academy situated in Turku, Finland. Wärtsilä's closed loop fresh water scrubber works as a scrubber model for the simulator. The work included familiarization to the topic and to simulation tools, simulation mode selection, BOM preparation as well as scheduling and budgeting the simulator project. Firstly this study deals with fresh water scrubber operation and its automation. After that the work introduces SOx-scrubbing and SOx-limits as a platform for deeper understanding of the scrubbing operation. This is followed by an introduction to the different simulation methods, comparing them to each other as well as a short discussion of the training simulator models present in WLSA and the suitability of their working principle to this project. Finally, the necessary component list, workload and schedule for the simulator project were prepared and calculations for the payback period of the simulator were executed. A simulator model with a real scrubber automation program was selected as the correct simulator model. The field device operations should be fully simulated with Matlab's simulation tool Simulink. As for communication methods Industrial Ethernet, CAN bus and DDE were chosen. The simulator component price estimation was € 7050. The Price estimation was gathered from earlier projects and from the component lists of local suppliers.
Installation of closed loop fresh water wet scrubber system on M/S Gabriella
Plastic pipe use in hybrid scrubbers
Hybrid scrubber test plan
The International Maritime Organization IMO, adopted the Annex VI, Prevention of Air Pollution from Ships in October 2008. The changes for allowable emissions are based on MARPOL 73/78 Convention, and one of the SOx limits will come in to force at the beginning of year 2015. One of the possibilities to reduce sulfur emissions is an exhaust gas scrubber. In this thesis the possibilities to use plastic pipes in exhaust gas scrubbers was researched. The issue was an interest of Wärtsilä, whose intention is to make the installation and operation of scrubbers as easy, fast and economically effective as possible for ship owners. The major reason for seeking alternative pipe materials is the sensitivity for steel pipes to have problems due the corrosion. The installation time of the piping should be short in vessels which are already in operation, which is creating timetable pressures and therefore there is a need for find materials which can be installed as fast as possible. The ship as industrial environment differs from normal industrial factory in terms of the demands of rules and regulations. The regulations are originally based on international organization IMOŽs regulations, which are dispensed by classification societies. In this thesis suitable plastic pipe materials for sulfur scrubbers were researched. Special attention was given to finding out how the materials fulfill the regulations, and how the regulations are limiting the choice of pipes. During the thesis work several interesting facts were found, as well as suitable and not allowed materials. Information was available extensively, because several projects were ongoing with different shipyards and different ship owners. The goal of the thesis was reached, suitable plastic pipes and also many alternative materials were found in case that plastic pipe was not available for needed dimension and pipeline properties.The goal of the thesis was reached, suitable plastic pipes and also many alternative materials were found in case that plastic pipe was not available for needed dimension and pipeline properties. Long experience helped the thesis writing and finding information and suitable persons, but it made also some personally simple issues difficult to explain.
Closed-loop exhaust gas scrubber onboard a merchant ship : technical, economical, environmental and operational viewpoints
