http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21870 sociocultural factors
sociocultural factors
American political fictions : war on errorism in contemporary American literature, culture, and politics
Socio-culture / inter-disciplinary essays on society and culture
Hauntings and poltergeists : multidisciplinary perspectives
Comrades and strangers
Disasters and social crisis in contemporary Japan : political, religious, and sociocultural responses
The Disney fetish
Changing emotions
The heyday of urban tourism? : socio-cultural perspectives on the conditions of the international tourism development in Prague
The courage to hope : a challenge for churches in Africa
Moments of modernity : reconstructing Britain 1945-1964
Multiculturalism as a challenge in contemporary Finnish picturebooks : reimagining sociocultural categories
Hungarians in Finland and Sweden: Comparison of Some Sociocultural and Demographic Factors on Language Choice, Culture and Identity
Leave the temple : Indian paths to human liberation
Ideology and professional culture of journalists in Cuba : [confidences, dialogues and senses of a profession]
Move up : why some cultures advance and others don't
Mediating faiths : religion and socio-cultural change in the twenty-first century
It is now nearly thirty years since sociocultural theories of learning created great excitement and debate amongst those concerned with learning in diverse contexts. Since that time significant advances have been made in sociocultural theory and research. Various sociocultural approaches to the understanding of learning (for example, sociocultural psychology, sociocultural discourse, cultural historical activity theory) have been developed and consolidated and new challenges are currently being addressed. In the motivational arena sociocultural approaches deriving from Vygotsky have only begun to emerge relatively recently. In this Volume we examine and evaluate the achievements of past sociocultural theory and research, and consider the future directions of sociocultural theory and research in the domains of learning and motivation.
Consumption in rural Bangladesh : households, lifestyles, and identities
"In 1963, Kenya gained independence from Britain, ending nearly seventy years of white colonial rule. While tens of thousands of whites relocated outside Kenya for what they hoped would be better prospects, many stayed. Over the past decade, however, protests, scandals, and upheavals have unsettled families with colonial origins, reminding them of the tenuousness of their Kenyan identity. In this book, Janet McIntosh looks at the lives and dilemmas of settler descendants living in postindependence Kenya. From clinging to a lost colonial identity to embracing a new Kenyan nationality, the public face of white Kenyans has undergone changes fraught with ambiguity. Drawing on fieldwork and interviews, McIntosh focuses on their discourses and narratives, asking: What stories do settler descendants tell about their claims to belong in Kenya? How do they situate themselves vis-a-vis the colonial past and anticolonial sentiment, phrasing and rephrasing their memories and judgments as they seek a position they feel is ethically acceptable? With her respondents straining to defend their entitlements in the face of mounting Kenyan rhetorics of ancestry and autochthony, McIntosh explores their contradictory and diverse responses: moral double consciousness, aspirations to uplift the nation, ideological blind spots, denial, and self-doubt. Ranging from land rights to language, from romantic intimacy to the African occult, Unsettled offers a unique perspective on whiteness in a postcolonial context and a groundbreaking theory of elite subjectivity"--Provided by publisher.
From interdepe[n]dence to agency : migrants as learners of English and Finnish in Finland
Mobile banditry : East and Central European itinerant criminal groups in the Netherlands
Mark Twain's audience : a critical analysis of reader responses to the writings of Mark Twain
The encultured brain : an introduction to neuroanthropology
Smart futures meet northern realities : anthropological perspectives on the design and adoption of urban computing
Clash! : how to thrive in a multicultural world
Puritan New England : essays on religion, society, and culture
Profiles of second language learners in bilingual education : a comparative study of the characteristics of Finnish and American students
Sustainable forest management : ecologically sound and socially accepted
(In)significant others : the role of the spouse in women and men managers' careers in Finland
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education: the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
Vanishing languages in context : ideological, attitudinal and social identity perspectives
The handbook of mergers and acquisitions
Theology, anthropology and neuroscience
ICAnDoiT: the impact of computerised adaptive corrective feedback on L2 English learners
Information systems in context : building a tool for analysing the sociotechnical context of organisational information systems
Diversity and super-diversity : sociocultural linguistic perspectives
Retro-modern India : forging the low-caste self
The sociocultural turn in psychology : the contextual emergence of mind and self
Arctic & Antarctic : international journal of circumpolar sociocultural issues
(re)visiting translation : linguistic and cultural issues across genres
Building communication theories : a socio/cultural approach
Changes in the conceptualization of leadership during an African college course
Socio-cultural benefits of PAN parks at Bieszscady National Park, Poland
Identitás és nyelv a cigány mesemondóknál = Identity and language in Gipsy tale tellers
Re-embodied : young women, the body quest and agency in the culture of appearances
Sociocultural theory in anthropology : a short history
Rethinking disability : world perspectives in culture and society
Learning and collective creativity : activity-theoretical and sociocultural studies
Real world Latin America
Socio-cultural influences on vaccination-vaccinators perspective, study from Nepal
The act of life is a lived experience, common and unique, that ties each of us to every other lived experience. The fact of disability does not alter this fundamental truth. In this edition of 'Rethinking Disability: World Perspectives in Culture and Society', we are presented with a system of thinking that considers the values of disability, as a resource, as a creative source of culture that moves disability out of the realm of victimized people and insurmountable barriers, and provides opportunities to use the experience of disability to enter into networks that recognize strengths of differing abilities. The authors within will intrigue you, will move you, will charm you, but always will challenge your notion of sameness and difference as they confront the construct and (de)construct of disability and ableism. They present compelling arguments for viewing disABILITY through the multiple lenses of disability culture. They explore themes and issues that transcend past and origins, time and place, nuances of genetics, to experiences of present and becoming, and towards the future and beyond mere human, yet always intrinsically connected to being human. This book is intended for all audiences who dare to confront difference and sameness within themselves and in connection with others; to inspire researchers who wish to explore, and examine disability across social, cultural and economic barriers. It is an invitation to push away the barriers, bring ableism inside to a place where the prosthesis is no longer the elephant in the room.
Transboundary symbiosis over the Danube. 2, Road to a multidimensional ethnic symbiosis in the Mid-Danube region
Language, identity and social behaviour : a sociocultural approach to the study of the concept "will" on the effectiveness of the "how's" and "why's" of bilingualism
The book Asian Public Theology is inspired by the vision that the response to the multifarious problems facing this continent needs a reflection in public along with many partners; it may not be responded to by conventional or dominant theologies pursued within narrow confines. This book takes up issues of public concern in Asia, examines them with the help of many disciplines and reflects on them in the light of the humanistic vision and values of Christian message. It is a theology that is open to all religious traditions and secular ideologies which are also challenged by the critical issues of this continent. At a time when more and more people are drawn into the null spaces of social insensitivity and seduced by the glitz and glamour of globalisation and its consumerism, public theology as a critical intervention, takes on a prophetic character. Asian Public Theology acknowledges the agency of the subalterns, affirms their ethical sense, inspires courage and evokes hope in them to build a different Asia. This book also discusses the human and ethical responsibility of all to take up the cause of the marginalised.
Mission in African christianity : critical essays in missiology
The case of California
Prevention of malaria in pregnancy in Malawi : encounters and non-encounters between global policies, national programmes and local realities
This handbook provides a cross-section of the most field-defining topics and debates in the field of computer music today. From music cognition to pedagogy, it situates computer music in the broad context of its creation and performance across the full range of issues that crop up in discourse in the field.
Assessment, equity, and opportunity to learn
The antinomies of realism
The world : a beginner's guide
"This book brings together leading representatives of activity-theoretically-oriented and socioculturally-oriented research around the world, to discuss creativity as a collective endeavour strongly related to learning to face the societal challenges of our world. As history shows, major accomplishments in arts and technological innovations have allowed us to see the world differently and to identify new learning perspectives for the future which were seldom limited to individual action or isolated activities. This book, while primarily focused on educational insitutions, extends its examination of creativity and learning to include other settings (such as government agencies) beyond the limits of schooling"--
Consumption in rural Bangladesh : household, lifestyles, and identities
Sociocultural theories of learning and motivation : looking back, looking forward
Knowledge transfer in acquisitions : a socio-cultural perspective
Berkshire encyclopedia of extreme sports
Unsettled : denial and belonging among white Kenyans
EU pedagogue's intercultural communicative competence and its developmental socio-educational factors : summary of doctoral dissertation, social sciences, education science (07S) = Europos sąjungos pedagogo tarpkultūrinė komunikacinė kompetencija ir jos tobulinimo socioedukaciniai veiksniai : daktaro disertacijos santrauka, socialiniai mokslai, edukologija (07S)
Sociocultural linguistics has long conceived of languages as well-bounded, separate codes. But the increasing diversity of languages encountered by most people in their daily lives challenges this conception. Globalization has accelerated population flows, so that cities are now sites of encounter for groups that are highly diverse in terms of origins, cultural practices, and languages. New media technologies invent communicative genres, foster hybrid semiotic practices, and spread diversity as they intensify contact and exchange between peoples who often are spatially removed and culturally different from each other. Diversity--even super-diversity--is now the norm. In response, recent scholarship complicates traditional associations between languages and social identities, emphasizing the connectedness of communicative events and practices at different scales and the embedding of languages within new physical landscapes and mediated practices. This volume takes stock of the increasing diversity of linguistic phenomena and faces the theoretical-methodological challenges that accounting for such phenomena poses to sociocultural linguistics.
Health, illnesses and healing in Bholung
Socio-cultural foundations of physical education and educational sport
Developing teacher professionalism and identity in the midst of large scale education reform : the case of Kosovo
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
The power of satire
Intercultural adaptation as a dialogical learning process : motivational factors among the short-term and long-term migrants
Poliomyelitis in socio-cultural context : study from province Punjab, Pakistan
Open water as a sportscape : analysis of canoeing in Finland for developing sport infrastructure and services
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Handbook of tourism and quality-of-life research : enhancing the lives of tourists and residents of host communities
Learning text talk online : collaborative learning in asynchronous text based discussion forums
Handbook of research on creativity
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Seeking a way out of the cage : underprivileged women and domestic violence in Bangladesh
Story and sustainability : planning, practice, and possibility for American cities
Contextualizing miracles in the christian west 110-1500 : new historical approaches
Romancing the wild : cultural dimensions of ecotourism
What is the world of the 21st century like now that the centrality of the West is no longer given? How were the societies and cultures of today's world together with their interconnections forged, and what is driving human society in our times? In short, what is the state of the world today as we enter the second decade of the 21st century? This is the first book which deals with planetary human society as whole. It is a beginner's guide to the world after the West and after globalization, compact, portable, and jargon-free. It is aimed at everybody who, even with experience, has kept a begi.
Information literacy landscapes : information literacy in education, workplace and everyday contexts
Handbook of sociocultural anthropology
Tourism geography : a new synthesis
Ethnographies of grey zones in Eastern Europe : relations, borders and invisibilities
Observation, assessment and planning in inclusive autism education : supporting learning and developing
Embedding society in science & technology policy : European and Chinese perspectives
Smart futures meet northern realities: anthropological perspectives on the design and adoption of urban computing
Interaction in the multicultural classroom : towards culturally sensitive home economics education
Southeast Asia in a new era : ten countries, one region in Asean
Tourism: Good or Bad? : Impacts of tourism in Tanzania
Mindvaults : sociocultural grounds for pretending and imagining
T. S. Eliot : an intensive study of selected poems
Highly educated women in Tanzania : constructing educational well-being and agency
This article provides an overview of some sociocultural and demographic factors of language maintenance and shift among Hungarians in Finland and Sweden, predominately at the group level. Some of the factors described are: the historical background of Hungarian immigration, settlement patterns, demographic development, geographical areas, participation in Hungarian associations along with the attitudes of the majority group towards Hungarians and the Hungarian language. After this some data is presented about language choice, culture and identity of second-generation Hungarians. The article shows that Hungarians are not a single unified group in Sweden or Finland and both groups face factors that can support or hinder the preservation of the Hungarian language and culture. Swedish-Hungarians have a greater ability to preserve their Hungarianism as a group due to population size and concentration in certain areas, while Finnish-Hungarians can maintain their Hungarian identity due to their comparably high status in society and the positive attitudes of the Finnish majority.  .
Structures of feeling : affectivity and the study of culture
A bite-sized guide for Finnish SME companies operating in China
Investigates how affectivity makes a difference in memory studies, performance studies, and the range of cultural studies across the humanities and social sciences today. This book illustrates the importance of theorizing affectivity at a moment when social and cultural life are becoming increasingly affect-driven.
East and west in comparative education : searching for new perspectives
Cultural anthropology : tribes, states, and the global system
Voices behind and beyond the label : the master narrative of ADHD (de)constructed by diagnosed children and their parents
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education : the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
Asian public theology : critical concerns in challenging times
Transitions and the lifecourse : challenging the constructions of 'growing old'
Understanding the internet : a socio-cultural perspective
The Oxford handbook of computer music
