http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21866 applied drama
applied drama
The community theater handbook : a complete guide to organizing and running a community theater
Research methodologies for drama education
Drama and education : performance methodologies for teaching and learning
The applied theatre reader
Simming : participatory performance and the making of meaning
Applied drama and theatre as an interdisciplinary field in the context of HIV/AIDS in Africa
"Dramatic Interactions in Education draws together contemporary sociocultural research across drama and educational contents to draw out implications for researchers and practitioners both within and outside the field. Drama is a field for which human interactions, experience, emotional expression, and attitude are central, with those in non-arts fields discovering that understandings emerging from drama education can provide models and means for examining the affective and relational domains which are essential for understanding learning processes. In addition to this, those in the realm of drama education and applied theatre are realising that sociocultural and historical-cultural approaches can usefully inform their research and practice. Leading international theorists and researchers from across the UK, Europe, USA and Australia combine theoretical discussions, research methodologies, accounts of research and applications in classroom and learning contexts, as they explore concepts from Vygotsky's foundational work and interrogate key concepts such as perezhivanie (or the emotional, lived experience), development of self, zone of proximal development"--
"Applied Theatre: Research is the first book to consolidate thinking about applied theatre as research through a thorough investigation of ATAR as a research methodology. It will be an indispensable resource for teachers and researchers in the area. The first section of the book details the history of the relationship between applied theatre and research, especially in the area of evaluation and impact assessment, and offering an examination of the literature surrounding applied theatre and research. The book then explores how applied theatre as research (ATAR) works as a democratic and pro-social adjunct to community based research and explains its complex relationship to arts informed inquiry, Indigenous research methods and other research epistemologies. The book provides a rationale for this approach focusing on its capacity for reciprocity within communities. The second part of the book provides a series of international case studies of effective practice which detail some of the key approaches in the method and based on work conducted in Australia, New Zealand, Singapore and the South Pacific. The case studies provide a range of cultural contexts for the playing out of various forms of ATAR, and a concluding chapter considers the tensions and the possibilities inherent in ATAR. This is a groundbreaking book for all researchers who are working with communities who require a method that moves beyond current research practice"--
This volume addresses all key aspects: principles, origins, politics and aesthetics in a concise and accessible style designed to appeal both to those who have recently discovered this sub-discipline and to experienced practitioners and academics. Part 1. is divided into two chapters. The first introduces the sub-discipline of Theatre for Development, covering its origins, principles and history, and providing an overview of theatre for development in Western contexts as well as in Africa, Asia, the Indian Subcontinent and Latin America. The second focuses upon theoretical and philosophical issues confronting the discipline and its relationship to contemporary politics, as well as considering its future role. Part 2. consists of seven chapters contributed by leading figures and current practitioners from around the world and covering a diverse range of themes, methodologies and aesthetic approaches. One chapter offers a series of case studies concerned with sexual health education and HIV prevention, drawn from practitioners working in Vietnam, Papua New Guinea, Southern Africa, and China. Other chapters include studies of intercultural theatre in the Peruvian Amazon; a programme of applied theatre conducted in schools in Canterbury, New Zealand, following the 2010 earthquake; an attempt to reinvigorate a community theatre group in South Brazil; and an exchange between a Guatemalan arts collective and a Dutch youth theatre company, besides others.
The Cambridge introduction to theatre studies
InExActArt : the autopoietic theatre of Augusto Boal : a handbook of Theatre of the Oppressed practice
"Youth and Theatre of the Oppressed investigates a performance strategy which aims to develop possible alternatives to oppressive forces in individual's lives. Eminent contributors offer diverse perspectives on the theories and practices within Theatre of the Oppressed, especially as it relates to young people. This book shares TO's goal of engaging the collective to create generative conversations among readers which look deeply into the issues of community through theatre - whether in India or Indiana - and to work with young people to name their world, untangle the knot of oppressions, and to develop with them possible action plans for their own futures."--Publisher's description.
Applied drama : the gift of theatre
Beyond the obvious : three acts in educational drama
Drama games : for those who like to say no
This fully illustrated book by the Bengali company's founder and artistic director Sanjoy Ganguly, edited by Ralph Yarrow, collects and explains their programme of workshop exercises, placing them in the context of their social and activist work. A set of interviews with Ganguly complements these practical sequences, drawing in topics such as the role of the joker, the nature of development, participation and agency, aesthetics as transformation, and Theatre of the Oppressed in the context of a market economy.
The Reflexive Teaching Artist invites Teaching Artists at all levels of experience to consider the power of reflective practice. Kathryn Dawson and Daniel A. Kelin, II offer a reflective framework – a series of foundational concepts, including intentionality, quality, artistic perspective, assessment, and praxis – illuminated through reflexive case-study examples from Teaching Artists in a wide range of settings. The authors write from the dual perspectives of artist and educator to raise fundamental questions about the complex intentions, relationships and function of the teaching artist in school, community, and professional theatre settings. Through questions, guided reflection activities, collected wisdom from the field, and an introductory action-research model, Dawson, Kelin and their contributors closely examine the practice of teaching in, through, and about drama and theatre.
Applied drama : a facilitator's handbook for working in community
Applied Theatre: Facilitation is the first publication that directly explores the facilitator's role within a range of socially engaged theatre and community theatre settings. The book offers a new theoretical framework for understanding critical facilitation in contemporary dilemmatic spaces and features a range of writings and provocations by international practitioners and experienced facilitators working in the field. Part One offers an introduction to the concept, role and practice of facilitation and its applications in different contexts and cultural locations. It offers a conceptual framework through which to understand the idea of critical facilitation: a political practice that that involves a critical (and self-critical) approach to pedagogies, practices (doing and performing), and resilience in dilemmatic spaces. Part Two illuminates the diversity in the field of facilitation in applied theatre through offering multiple voices, case studies, theoretical positions and contexts. These are drawn from Australia, Serbia, Kyrgyzstan, India, Israel/Palestine, Rwanda, the United Kingdom and North America, and they apply a range of aesthetic forms: performance, process drama, forum, clowning and playmaking. Each chapter presents the challenge of facilitation in a range of cultural contexts with communities whose complex histories and experiences have led them to be disenfranchised socially, culturally and/or economically.
"A compendium of work from leading academics exploring sociocultural theory and research applications within the realm of drama and education"--
This handbook not only provides a very wide-ranging introduction and orientation to the world of the Theatre of the Oppressed, but Birgit Fritz also presents concrete and practical assistance for structuring basic workshops in process-oriented theatre work and in developing Forum Theatre plays. Birgit Fritz explores the working principles of emancipatory theatre work and somatic learning in depth. She gives numerous examples of the work and life of theatre groups and reveals fascinating possibilities of how theatre for social change can be successfully linked with social and political commitment, so that artistic process can bring about cross-generational collaboration, develop social democracy, and operate as an active force for peace.
Inventing the truth : devising and directing for the theatre
The reflexive teaching artist : collected wisdom from the drama/theatre field
Rubble and roses : a practical guide for girl's groups about self-confidence, lifestyle, love and alcohol / drugs
Applied theatre : research : radical departures
Devising performance : a critical history
Applied theatre : facilitation
Dramatic interactions in education : Vygotskian and sociocultural approaches to drama, education and research
Applied theatre : resettlement : drama, refugees and resilience
From Boal to Jana Sanskriti : practice and principles
Blood, sweat & theory
Drama for Life, University of the Witwatersrand, aims "to enhance the capacity of young people, theatre practitioners and their communities to take responsibility for the quality of their lives in the context of HIV and AIDS in Africa. We achieve this through participatory and experiential drama and theatre that is appropriate to current social realities but draws on the rich indigenous knowledge of African communities."Collected here is a representative set of research essays written to facilitate dialogue across disciplines on the role of drama and theatre in HIV/AIDS education, prevention, and rehabilitation.
How simulated experiences - from living history to emergency preparedness drills - create meaning in performance.
Applied theatre : development
Moving on! : encounters and experiences in arts - working multiprofessionally with the youth : MIMO Project 2010-2013
Drama and Education provides a practical, comprehensive guide to drama as a tool for teaching and learning. It is among the first practical drama and performance textbooks that address brain-based, neuroscientific research, making the argument that creativity is necessary in our lives, that embodied learning is natural and essential, and that contextual learning helps us find our place in society in relationship to other peoples and cultures. As well as a historical and theoretical overview of the field, it provides rationale and techniques for several specific methodologies: linear drama, process-oriented drama, drama for social justice, and performance art. Each approach is supplemented with sample lesson plans, activities, ideas for differentiation, and extensive bibliographies. The topics are discussed from five key angles: Historical and theoretical foundations, Curricular applications, Practical toolkits for a range of classrooms and learning environments, Different strategies for lesson plans, Extension options for longer workshops. Alongside these core methods, the integration of other innovative forms - from performance art to Theatre of the Oppressed - into drama-based learning is explored, as well as the pragmatic concerns such as assessment, planning, and advocacy for arts learning and arts education partnerships. Drama and Education is the comprehensive textbook for teachers and students on Applied Theatre and Theatre and Education courses.
Theatre for community, conflict and dialogue : the Hope is Vital training manual
Youth and theatre of the oppressed
The book offers a compelling combination of analyis and detailed description of aesthetic projects with young refugee arrivals in Australia. In it the authors present a framework that contextualises the intersections of refugee studies, resilience and trauma, and theatre and arts-based practice, setting out a context for understanding and valuing the complexity of drama in this growing area of applied theatre.
Applied Theatre: Aesthetics re-examines how the idea of 'the aesthetic' is relevant to performance in social settings. The disinterestedness that traditional aesthetics claims as a key characteristic of art makes little sense when making performances with ordinary people, rooted in their lives and communities, and with personal and social change as its aim. Yet practitioners of applied arts know that their work is not reducible to social work, therapy or education. Reconciling the simultaneous autonomy and heteronomy of art is the problem of aesthetics in applied arts. Gareth White's introductory essay reviews the field, and proposes an interdisciplinary approach that builds on new developments in evolutionary, cognitive and neuro-aesthetics alongside the politics of art. It addresses the complexities of art and the aesthetic as everyday behaviours and responses. The second part of the book is made up of essays from leading experts and new voices in the practice and theory of applied performance, reflecting on the key problematics of applying performance with non-performers. New and innovative practice is described and interrogated, and fresh thinking is introduced in response to perennial problems.
Applied theatre : aesthetics
Theatre for change : education, social action and therapy
Face to face : making dance and theatre in community
Applied Drama offers an insight into theatre-making that takes place in communities across the world. It considers the role of artists who work in challenging settings, including prisons, schools, hostels for the homeless, care homes for the elderly and on the street. In this updated second edition, Helen Nicholson provides vivid new examples of practice, and addresses twenty-first century concerns about the environments in which applied theatre takes place. Ideal for students and practitioners, this lively study poses critical questions about the aesthetics and ethics of applied theatre. It invites debate about the social role of theatre, and explores how interventionist theatre might maintain its radicalism in an increasingly globalized world.
