http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21832 DRM
DRM Digital Rights Management
Computer software protection and semiconductor chips
Broken copyright : a digital copyright exchange as a solution to copyright infringement
The law and economics of intellectual property in the digital age : the limits of analysis
Digital marketing leading towards new business opportunities : searching for collaboration between Finnish music companies and digital service companies
Abstract.
Digital rights management : the librarian's guide
Digital rights management : a librarian's guide to technology and practice
Integrated Domain Model for Digital Rights Management
"It is axiomatic to suggest that copyright and its utility in the digital environment are important issues. There is much debate of the role and appropriate parameters of copyright (how should copyright works be available and protected online and how should fair uses work in the online environment) where the availability of works is more international than ever before. The importance of the issues and the difficulties seem to have resulted in some aspects of the debate becoming significantly polarised and those at the poles are frequently uncompromising"--
Digital Right Management : Is the Music Industry Alienating the Consumer?
New methods for digital image watermarking
EU digital copyright law and the end-user
An overview of the current landscape in digital rights management (DRM), including terminology and issues facing libraries, plus an overview of the technology (including standards and off-the-shelf products). It discusses the role and implications of DRM for existing library services, such as integrated library management systems, electronic reserves, commercial database licenses, digital asset management systems and digital library repositories.It also discusses the impact that DRM 'trusted system' technologies, already in use in related areas, such as course management systems and web-based digital media distribution, may have on libraries. Discusses strategies for implementing DRM in libraries and archives for safeguarding intellectual property in the web environment.
Digital image watermarking-analysis of techniques for copyright protection
The world beyond digital rights management
"The digital age has prompted new questions about the role and function of copyright. Internationally, copyright has progressively increased its scope of protection over new technology and modes of distribution. Yet many copyright owners express dissatisfaction and consider that the system is not working for them. Many users of copyright material, and even some owners, consider that copyright gives too much protection and that copyright owners want too much. This book considers how copyright might evolve in the twenty-first century and how it might reach equilibrium between authors, owners, users and those who connect them"--
Digital rights management : an introduction
Five essays on copyright in the digital era
Digital music distribution : technology driven changes in copyright law and diversification of business models
Digital rights management : is the music industry alienting the consumer?
The struggle in online copyright enforcement : problems and prospects
Security and privacy in digital rights management : ACM CCS-8 Workshop DRM 2001, Philadelphia, PA, USA, November 5, 2001 : revised papers
Digital rights management : is the music industry alienating the consumer?
Searching for common ground : the views of music industry professionals and consumers on the distribution of recorded music in Finland
Legal challenges to future information businesses
Digital rights management of audio distribution in mobile networks
Digital rights management suitability for IP datacast environment
Patent law for computer scientists : steps to protect computer-implemented inventions
Third party protection of software and firmware : direct protection of zeros and ones
Factors affecting the emergence of a dominant design in consumer electronics
Digital rights management : the new copyright
Digital rights management systems vs. users' privacy
Trusted computing and DRM
”Content is not available in your country” : is geo-blocking compatible with the internal market?
3D printing, copyright law and useful articles : a new wave of U.S. copyright law expansionism?
Effective rights exporting process : towards system interoperability of digital rights management
The evolution and equilibrium of copyright in the digital age
Searching for common ground : The views of music industry professionals and consumers on the distribution of recorded music in Finland
Introduction to digital rights management (DRM) : identifying, tracking, authorizing and restricting access to digital media
