http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21840 message boards
message boards Internet forums
Discussing the supernatural in contemporary Finland : discourse, genres, and forms
Antecedents of and their effect on trust in online word-of-mouth : case Finnish discussion forums
Cultic discourse on www.sylviaplath.com : convincing whom and of what
Facebook for dummies
Finnish with English seasonings : a study of the form and functions of English used in IRC-Galleria discussions by young Finns
Can anybody help me?
Cult, community, identity
Conflict talk in online communities : a comparative study of the Something Awful and 4chan web-forums
Friends with benefits : a social media marketing handbook
The impact of the internet on the public sphere and on the culture industry : a study of blogs, social news sites and discussion forums
Conversational structure in an ACMC environment : a case study of cohesion and conversational floors in a discussion forum
Setting the agenda for research on issue arenas
Groundswell : winning in a world transformed by social technologies
Stories and social media : identities and interaction
The effect of topic on word formation and the frequency of neologism use on Internet forums
The social media marketing book
Online authority communication during an epidemic : A Finnish example
Profiting from social networking
Electronic discourse in language learning and language teaching
The social media bible : tactics, tools, and strategies for business success
As the Internet keeps developing, it also creates new ways for the consumers to participate in the marketing activities, and share their experiences. Online word of mouth has become an important factor influencing consumers' purchasing decisions. This thesis examines the impact that the word of mouth has on consumers and the reasons why they engage in it. The second objective of this thesis was to also research the companies' side, should they somehow try to control the word of mouth, or maybe even participate in it. The research questions are: “How do consumers use WOM on the Internet and how does it affect their behavior?” and “Should companies response to this, and if so, how?” The theoretical framework is based on literature review, it combines the basic information concerning word of mouth, the different types of WOM and the basic reasons that make people engage in it. The other side of the theoretical framework handles the issue from the companies' point of view. The consumer behaviour concerning online word of mouth is studied in the empirical part; the research is conducted using netnography. The material for the empirical study was collected from Suomi24 discussion boards, regarding the restaurant topic. It covers the discussions started during the last three months. As there was no research done from the companies' point of view, the conclusions and recommendations concerning this part are based purely on the theoretical findings. The results showed that there are three basic reasons for consumers to engage in word of mouth. Most commonly people participate in the discussions because they need recommendations or some other help. The second most common reason was to help others, or just to comment other people's messages and maybe seek approval by doing that. The third most common reason was to release frustration or show disappointment by engaging in negative word of mouth. There were no restaurants participating in the discussions. Taking into consideration the power and influence of word of mouth, it would be suggested at least to be aware of the ongoing discussions. If there are resources for participation, it would also be recommended, as long as it is done the right way.
The stucture of impolite events in computer-mediated conversation : insulting adjectives in comments on a discussion board of a CNN U.S. news piece
"Is this normal?" : relevance and discourse structure in discussion forum peer advice
Finding customers through social media
Democratizing online political discussion : a practice-oriented exploration in service design
Managing online forums : everything you need to know to create and run successful community discussion boards
Hate speech against the roma in Romania : discourse analysis on three Romanian newspapers' Internet forums
140 characters : a style guide for the short form
Disconnect
The role of discussion forums in corporate communications : case Finnair
The technology toolbelt for teaching
Wow thats [sic] cool, but did you like starve yourself? : Exploring the discursive moves of pro-ana and fitness discussion forums
"Usually I like school PE, but..." : school physical education described in Internet discussion forums
"Quit your ♥♥♥♥♥ing and play the game" : impoliteness in a gaming-oriented online discussion forum
Internet trolls live to upset as many people as possible, using all the technical and psychological tools at their disposal. They gleefully whip the media into a frenzy over a fake teen drug crisis; they post offensive messages on Facebook memorial pages, traumatizing grief-stricken friends and family; they use unabashedly racist language and images. They take pleasure in ruining a complete stranger's day and find amusement in their victim's anguish. In short, trolling is the obstacle to a kinder, gentler Internet. To quote a famous Internet meme, trolling is why we can't have nice things online. Or at least that's what we have been led to believe. In this provocative book, Whitney Phillips argues that trolling, widely condemned as obscene and deviant, actually fits comfortably within the contemporary media landscape. Trolling may be obscene, but, Phillips argues, it isn't all that deviant. Trolls' actions are born of and fueled by culturally sanctioned impulses -- which are just as damaging as the trolls' most disruptive behaviors. Phillips describes, for example, the relationship between trolling and sensationalist corporate media -- pointing out that for trolls, exploitation is a leisure activity; for media, it's a business strategy. She shows how trolls, "the grimacing poster children for a socially networked world," align with social media. And she documents how trolls, in addition to parroting media tropes, also offer a grotesque pantomime of dominant cultural tropes, including gendered notions of dominance and success and an ideology of entitlement. We don't just have a trolling problem, Phillips argues; we have a culture problem. This Is Why We Can't Have Nice Things isn't only about trolls; it's about a culture in which trolls thrive.
E-learning and social networking handbook : resources for higher education
Drupal 6 social networking : build a social or community web site with friends lists, groups, custom user profiles, and much more
While issues surrounding Muslim women are common in the international media, the voices of Muslim women themselves are largely absent from media coverage and despite the rapidly increasing presence of Muslim women in online groups and discussions, it is still a relatively unexplored topic.This book examines Muslim women in transnational online groups, and their views on education, culture, marriage, sexuality, work, dress-code, race, class and sisterhood. Looking at both egalitarian and traditionalist Muslim women's views, the author considers their interpretations of Islam and identifies a new category of holists who focus on developing the Islamic sisterhood. Drawing on detailed analysis of online transcripts, she highlights women's rhetorical techniques and the thorough knowledge of Islamic sources which they use to justify their points in online discussions. She details how in the online context, as opposed to offline interactions, Muslim women are much more willing to cross boundaries between traditionalist and egalitarian interpretations of Islam and women's Islamic rights and responsibilities and to develop collaborative interpretations with supporters of different views.
Muslim women online : faith and identity in virtual space
Multilingual language use and metapragmatic reflexivity in Finnish internet football forums : a study in the sociolinguistics of globalization
Cult of real-time image : understanding the hardcore
Online word-of-mouth : influences on brand perceptions and choices
Analysis and development of an online community
This is why we can't have nice things : mapping the relatioship between online trolling and mainstream culture
"I have another D/G pottering around in my brain" : identity construction on a Harry Potter fanfiction forum
Negotiating multilingual discourse in a Finland-based online football forum : metapragmatic reflexivity on intelligibility, expertise and  nativeness
"It's you're, not your" : exploring misspelled words in computer-mediated communication
Platform revolution : how networked markets are transforming the economy - and how to make them work for you
Facebook marketing : designing your next marketing campaign
Building powerful and robust websites with Drupal 6 : build your own professional blog, forum, portal or community website with Drupal 6
Online word-of-mouth : Influences on brand perceptions and choices
Digital reading platform : case study: classical Chinese reading platform
Discussion forums on the Internet as the substratum of proverbs
Designing content management system for forum
Discussion forums : from idea creation to incremental innovations : focus on heart-rate monitors
