http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21836 engineering
engineering
Engineering communication
Research methods for engineers
Engineering communication : a practical guide to workplace communications for engineers
Inventive engineering : knowledge and skills for creative engineers
Engineering circuit analysis
Bridging the gap between engineering and the global world : a case study of the coconut (coir) fiber industry in Kerala, India
Abstract.
Buses, bankers and the beer of revenge : an eccentric engineer collection
Quality and reliability in engineering
Engineering is important to human, economic, social and cultural development and in addressing the UN Millennium Development Goals. Engineering tends to be viewed as a national issue, but engineering knowledge, companies, conferences and journals, all demonstrate that it is as international as science. The report reviews the role of engineering in development, and covers issues including poverty reduction, sustainable development, climate change mitigation and adaptation. It presents the various fields of engineering around the world. It also discusses engineering issues, applications and innovation, infrastructure, capacity building, engineering education. This report is a platform for the better understanding of engineering, and of the roles and responsibilities of engineers who may be responsible for the safety of thousands of people. The first international report on engineering from UNESCO is intended to identify issues and challenges facing engineering, promote better understanding of engineering and its role, and highlight ways of making engineering more attractive to young people, especially women.--Publisher's description.
McGraw-Hill dictionary of engineering
Global engineering : design, decision making, and communication
An [un]likely alliance : thinking the environment[s] with Deleuze/Guattari
Engineering statistics
This book presents methods for systematic and methodical conceptualizing with abstract models of engineering systems, to use when needed in developing candidate solutions. The recommended engineering design process is able to support all levels of creative design engineering, based on Engineering Design Science, which also helps to explain the role of engineering in society. The book, incorporating several new insights, surveys information about systematic, methodical and intuitive design engineering, thinking and reasoning, and progressive development of products. The general process should also be attractive to top-level managers and chief engineering designers. This book is intended for engineering students at all levels of higher education – taught courses or self-study. -Publisher
Effective learning and teaching in engineering
Technical education for sustainability : an analysis of needs in the 21st century
The marine oil engine handbook
Citizen engineer : a handbook for socially responsible engineering
Up and running with AutoCAD 2011 : 2D drawing and modeling
Encouraging student interest in science and technology studies
"Transport phenomena refer to fluid mechanics within living organisms. This text offers in-depth coverage of the flow of body fluids, drug delivery systems, and design of artificial organs"--Provided by publisher.
Fundamentals of civil engineering : an introduction to the ASCE body of knowledge
Making sense : a student's guide to research and writing : engineering and the technical sciences
Semantic web and model-driven engineering
Structures : or Why things don't fall down
Culture and cognition in information technology education
Engineering for Sustainability
SuperStructures : the world's greatest modern structures
Electronic control engineering made easy : An introduction for beginners
Engineering systems : meeting human needs in a complex technological world
Project management for engineers
The design of everyday things
French architects and engineers in the Age of Enlightenment
Social carriers of technology for development
Experimental methods for engineers
Hitler's engineers : Fritz Todt and Albert Speer - master builders of the Third Reich
Just-in-time math for engineers
Introduction to design engineering : systematic creativity and management
Kansei innovation : practical design applications for product and service development
A concise handbook of mathematics, physics, and engineering sciences
Statics: learning from engineering examples
Design matters : the organisation and principles of engineering design
Cambridge handbook of engineering education research
Engineering statistics. Student solutions manual
Advanced engineering mathematics with Mathematica and Matlab. Vol. 1.
The geometry of war 1500-1750 : catalogue of the exhibition
The Roman water pump : unique evidence for Roman mastery of mechanical engineering
Thermodynamics : an engineering approach
Legal engineering and comparative law = L'ingénierie juridique et le droit comparé : rapports du Colloque du 25e anniversaire de l'Institut suisse de droit comparé du 29 août 2008 à Lausanne. Tome 2
World without end
Transport phenomena in biomedical engineering : artificial organ design and development and tissue engineering
An intelligence and data collection of the Ocean Heavy Lift field
Engineering your future : the professional practice of engineering
Architect and engineer : a study in sibling rivalry
Competence evaluation tools
Manufacturing intelligence for industrial engineering : methods for system self-organization, learning, and adaptation
Environmental microbiology for engineers
Hold paramount : the engineer's responsibility to society
"The struggle and romance of human relations in great building projects invites exploration. How architects and engineers work together has often been debated but never before addressed over a broad span of history. This handsomely illustrated book enquires into the pattern of these relationships in western countries over the centuries since the Renaissance. Concentrating largely on Britain, France and the United States, Architect and Engineer: A Study in Sibling Rivalry looks at what has actually taken place when the two professions have interlocked. In that light, it re-examines projects ranging from the building of great masonry bridges to the Eiffel Tower and the Pompidou Centre; developments such as the evolution of the Chicago skyscraper; and personalities from Vauban and Perronet to Frank Lloyd Wright, Le Corbusier and Ove Arup."--BOOK JACKET.
International journal of recent trends in engineering
Speaking technically : a handbook for scientists, engineers, and physicians on how to improve technical presentations
Summary (s.9-12).
Fostering human development through engineering and technology education
So you want to be an engineer : what to learn and what to expect
Student solutions manual and study guide : ODEs, linear algebra, vector calculus, fourier analysis, PDEs for chapters 1-12 of advanced engineering mathematics. Vol. 1
Philosophy in engineering
Understanding engineering mathematics
Engineering science : for foundation degree and higher national
"The next enterprise computing era will rely on the synergy between both technologies: semantic web and model-driven software development (MDSD). The semantic web organizes system knowledge in conceptual domains according to its meaning. It addresses various enterprise computing needs by identifying, abstracting and rationalizing commonalities, and checking for inconsistencies across system specifications. On the other side, model-driven software development is closing the gap among business requirements, designs and executables by using domain-specific languages with custom-built syntax and semantics. It focuses on using modeling languages as programming languages." -- Publisher's website.
Engineering a safer world : systems thinking applied to safety
How mechanics shaped the modern world
Building Roma Aeterna : current research on Roman mortar and concrete : proceedings of the conference March 27-29 2008
Engineering ethics : concepts and cases
Fundamentals of engineering thermodynamics
Success through failure : the paradox of design
The science and engineering of materials
A guide to writing as an engineer
Handbook of driving simulation for engineering, medicine, and psychology
Engineering ethics
"Research Methods for Engineers Learn how to plan for success with this hands-on guide to conducting high-quality engineering research. Plan and implement your next project for maximum impact Step-by-step instructions cover every stage in engineering research, from the identification of an appropriate research topic through to the successful presentation of results. Improve your research outcomes Discover essential tools and methods for producing high-quality, rigorous research, including statistical analysis, survey design, and optimization techniques. Research with purpose and direction Clear explanations, real-world examples, and over 50 customisable end-of-chapter exercises, all written with the practical and ethical considerations of engineering in mind. A unique engineering perspective Written especially for engineers, and relevant across all engineering disciplines, this is the ideal book for graduate students, undergraduates, and new academics looking to launch their research careers"--
Applied engineering economics using Excel
Great modern structures : 100 years of engineering genius
Oxford English for electrical and mechanical engineering. Answer book with teaching notes
Engineering : issues, challenges and opportunities for development
Gateway to engineering
