http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21853 MP3
MP3
Podcasting for dummies
My smartphone and other digital accessories
Obstructive sleep apnea from symptoms to follow-up
The Digital Songstream : mastering the world of digital music
The blasphemer : a novel
Ipod touch for dummies
Spatial audio processing : MPEG surround and other applications
Professional iPhone and iPod touch programming : building applications for Mobile Safari
Digital Right Management : Is the Music Industry Alienating the Consumer?
Digital home recording : tips, techniques, and tools for home studio production
Girl from the train
Newnes guide to television and video technology
iPod shuffle fan book : Life is a playlist
Music & the internet revolution
MP3 for musicians : promote your music career online
iPod : the missing manual
Digital rights management : is the music industry alienting the consumer?
MP3 FYI : digital music online : your Q&A guide to MP3
A study of implementing MP3-player in a mobile phone
The sound on sound book of recording & production techniques for the recording musician
Sound moves : iPod culture and urban experience
Digital home recording
Pro Tools puts professional recording and music production software in the hands of anyone with the appropriate hardware and the knowledge to use it. Musician and recording engineer Jeff Strong guides you through the latest version of this complex program, offering twice the content of the official guide at a lower price. Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and getting your music to the masses. •	The latest version of Pro Tools offers a whole range of new possibilities for the recording artist; this soup-to-nuts guide explains everything you need to know to take full advantage of it. •	Written by a professional musician and recording engineer who has authored two previous editions of this book as well as Home Recording For Musicians For Dummies and Drums For Dummies. •	Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and distributing your music. •	Explains how to configure your computer and attach hardware, proper microphone settings, steps for getting your music to sound the way you want, tips on putting your tracks together professionally, and much more.
Fan's affect for music record formats : from vinyl LP to MP3
I used to play cello : An innovative method for adults returning to play
iPhoneTM 3GS : portable genius
Comparison of audio codecs in mobile environment
The sound on sound book of music technology : a survivor's guide
iPhone user interface design projects
The rough guide to the Internet
Developing a portable tool for compressed digital music playback
The art of downloading music
Napster: Music for the Masses : Technological breakthrough which set music free
The chaperone : a novel
How to do everything with MP3 and digital music
iPhone open application development
The perfect thing : How the iPod shuffles commerce, culture and coolness
Theory and evaluation of basic music and speech codecs
Why be happy when you could be normal?
iPod touch for dummies
iPhone SDK 3 programming : advanced mobile development for Apple iPhone and ipod touch
Sonic boom : Napster, MP3, and the new pioneers of music
Download! : how the internet transformed the record business
iTunes 6 and iPod : for Windows and Macintosh
Taking your iPod touch to the max
"The biggest trend in museum exhibit design today is the creative incorporation of technology. Digital Technologies and the Museum Experience: Handheld Guides and Other Media explores the potential of mobile technologies (cell phones, digital cameras, MP3 players, and PDAs) for visitor interaction and learning in museums, drawing on established practice to identify guidelines for future implementations."--BOOK JACKET.
Popular music : topics, trends & trajectories
Streaming audio : the FezGuys' guide
How to remix
MP3 : the meaning of a format
The postmistress : a novel
MP3 encoding and music industry
Principles of digital audio
Digital technologies and the museum experience : handheld guides and other media
The sound on sound book of recording and production techniques : for the recording musician
MP3 Pro : get your music now!
Blues scatitudes : vocal improvisations on the blues
Teaching with the tools kids really use : learning with web and mobile technologies
Digital rights management : is the music industry alienating the consumer?
iPod and philosophy : iCon of an ePoch
Incredible iPhone apps for dummies
MP3 and the digital music revolution : turn your PC into a CD-quality digital jukebox!
iPod, therefore I am
MP3 power! with Winamp
A riveting story of obsession, music, crime, and money, featuring visionaries and criminals, moguls and tech-savvy teenagers. It's about the greatest pirate in history, the most powerful executive in the music business, a revolutionary invention and an illegal website four times the size of the iTunes Music Store. Journalist Stephen Witt traces the secret history of digital music piracy, from the German audio engineers who invented the mp3, to a North Carolina compact-disc manufacturing plant where factory worker Dell Glover leaked nearly two thousand albums over the course of a decade, to the high-rises of midtown Manhattan where music executive Doug Morris cornered the global market on rap, and, finally, into the darkest recesses of the Internet. Through these interwoven narratives, Witt has written a thrilling book that depicts the moment in history when ordinary life became forever entwined with the world online--when, suddenly, all the music ever recorded was available for free. Witt introduces the unforgettable characters--inventors, executives, factory workers, and smugglers--who revolutionized an entire artform, and reveals for the first time the secret underworld of media pirates that transformed our digital lives.--From publisher description.
New practical Chinese reader. 1, Textbook
An introduction to each of the iPod's onboard applications: connecting to the internet, sending and receiving e-mail, listening to music, watching videos, and synchronizing calendars.  In addition there are hints, tips and suggestions to make the most of the iPod's hidden potential.
Complete Vietnamese
As husbands go : a novel
The American accent guide : a comprehensive course on the sound system of American English
The handbook of MPEG applications : standards in practice
Cracking the TOEFL iBT
How music got free : a story of obsession and invention
Pro Tools all-in-one for dummies
The kindly ones : a novel
H.264 and MPEG-4 Video compression : video coding for next-generation multimedia
The land of painted caves
Websites for musicians
The prophet
Tourism and mobilities : local - global communities
The twelve
PC music : the easy guide
I used to play : an innovative method for adults returning to play. Flute
iPhone SDK programming : developing mobile applications for Apple iPhone and iPod Touch
The impact of digitization of music on the business models of record labels and consumer habits
Publishing music online
