http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21871 scrapbooking
scrapbooking
The decorated journal : creating beautifully expressive journal pages
Journal your way : desigining & using handmade books
Altered! : art projects
Mixed-media nature journals : new techniques for exploring nature, life, and memory
The encyclopedia of scrapbooking tools & techniques
The cloth paper scissors book : techniques and inspiration for creating mixed-media art
Love & Marriage
Make your own creative scrapbook pages
Paper cutting techniques for scrapbooks & cards
The complete decorated journal : a compendium of journaling techniques
Docrafts creativity : special Christmas issue. 23, 2010.
Scrapped
The scrapbook in American life
Hello Tokyo! : Handmade Projects and Fun Ideas for a Cute Tokyo-Inspired Lifestyle
Image art workshop : creative ways to embellish and enhance photographic images
Creative photo collage
Spring is in the air, but the ladies of the Cumberland Creek Scrapbook Crop hardly have time to stop and smell the roses. Not when famed Irish dancer Emily McGlashen is found murdered in her studio just after the St. Patrick's Day parade - and one of the Crop's own members is the prime suspect. Vera's dance studio may have suffered when Emily waltzed into town, but the croppers know she's not a vengeful murderer. Lucky for her, co-scrapbooker Annie is a freelance reporter eager to vindicate her friend.
Taking flight : inspiration and techniques to give your creative spirit wings
Scrapbooking techniques
The joy of scrapbooking
The ladies of the Cumberland Scrapbook Crop are welcoming an eccentric newbie into their fold. A self-proclaimed witch, Cookie Crandall can whip up a sumptuous vegan meal and rhapsodize about runes and moon phases with equal aplomb. She becomes fast friends with her fellow scrapbookers, including freelance reporter Annie, with whom she shares shallow roots in a community of established family trees. So when Cookie becomes the prime suspect in a series of bizarre murders, the croppers get scrappy and set out to clear her name.
True vision : authentic art journaling
1000 artist journal pages : personal pages and inspirations
Lifelines : creating memory art to chronicle your personal connections
The decorated page : journal, scrapbooks & albums made simply beautifull
The organized & inspired scrapbooker
Teach yourself visually collage & altered art
Mixed-media journals : creatively chronicling your life
Scraps : an inspirational field guide to collage
Altered books, collaborative journals, and other adventures in bookmaking
Altered art : techniques for creating altered books, boxes, cards & more
Altered book collage
Every photo captures a precious memory—and Creative Photo Collage is a complete guide to collecting, archiving, and presenting those treasured, personal images. Consummate craft designer Marie Browning offers dozens of unique projects for turning photos into home decor and gifts, as well as easy-to-learn collage techniques for scrapbooking, laminating, decoupage, jewelry making, and transferring images to a variety of materials. There are even tips for getting a great picture in the first place, and for storing them, coloring them, and manipulating them on the computer. An entire chapter focuses on creative displays, with advice on effectively grouping and framing photographs thematically. / Library of Congress.
Vintage collage for scrapbooking
Art journal freedom : how to journal creatively with color & composition
The complete guide to scrapbooking : 100 techniques with 25 projects plus a swipefile of motifs and mottoes
Death of an Irish diva
Scrapbooks : an American history
The Avalon ladies scrapbooking society : a novel
The Encyclopedia on scrapbooking techiques : a step-by-step guide to crating beautiful scrapbook pages
The encyclopedia of scarbooking tools & techniques
Interactive mini scrapbooks
Collaborative art journals and shared visions in mixed media
