http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21811 peer learning
peer learning
Online professional development through virtual learning communities
Promises and drawbacks of peer-to-peer learning in Finnish family forestry
Individual and social meanings of mentoring
Every day a good day : establishing routines in your early years setting
Improving teaching and learning through assessment : a problem-based learning (PBL) approach
International handbook of psychology in education
Creativity and collaborative learning : the practical guide to empowering students, teachers, and families
Social media in education : application scenarios in the context of technology-enhanced learning at universities
Affective learning together : social and emotional dimensions of collaborative learning
Constructing physician's professional identity : explorations of students' critical experiences in medical education
Summary in english.
Summary in Swedish.
Enhancing informal interaction and knowledge co-construction among forest owners
Setting young children up for success : approaching motivation through children's perceptions of their ability
Lapsuuden puutarhassa = I barndomens lustgård = In the garden of childhood
Handbook of peer interactions, relationships, and groups
Cognitive perspectives on peer learning
Experiences of peer-group mentoring in homogeneous and heterogeneous groups
Keys to success
Peer learning in higher education : learning from & with each other
Towards an interlanguage of biological evolution : exploring students' talk and writing as an arena for sense-making
Linking theory and practice : learning networks at the service of workplace innovation
Integration of learning supportive applications into the development of the e-portfolio construction process
Recent years brought a shift in the focus of Web applications towards social interaction, collaboration and networking. One aspect in this context is the rising importance of social media, which encompass various applications for the publication of user-generated content. Social media have also influenced technology-enhanced learning and teaching. The collaborative aspects of social media suit the constructivist learning theory, while the communicative aspects may be applied to fostering informal learning. This book investigates the way learning and knowledge acquisition occur in such communities. It is based on a series of surveys on the application of social media in education, and proposes a set of scenarios for the inclusion of various social media applications in the learning process in higher education. Based on these scenarios, exemplary tools have been developed and evaluated, and are presented in this context.
Hanging out, messing around and geeking out : kids living and learning with new media
Peer-group mentoring for teachers' professional development
Harvard University physicist Eric Mazur demonstrates the use of Peer Instruction (PI) and Just-in-Time Teaching (JiTT), serving as an interactive workshop that can be used by individual teachers or in group training sessions to learn about these techniques, and implement them in the classroom. The documentary, From questions to concepts, provides an introduction to interactive teaching.
Summary
Exchange students' conceptions on the Kummi Programme at the University of Oulu
Health science students' conceptions of group supervision
Future perspectives : peer-group mentoring and international practices for teacher development
Friend leadership : a visual inspiration book
Emerging practices in educational technology
Assessing students in groups : promoting group responsibility and individual accountability
Setting young children up for success : approaching motivation through children’s perceptions of their ability
Peer-led team learning : organic chemistry
Forest owners' social networks : possibilities to enhance knowledge exchange
Learner support for distance learners : a study of six cases of ICT-based distance education education institutions in China
Promoting social skills in the inclusive classroom
How to promote children's social and emotional competence
Cooperative learning in music
Children's friendship training
Peer-assisted learning
Room for talk : teaching and learning in a multilingual kindergarten
Lessons learnt from peer-group mentoring experiments
Interpersonal evaluation of knowledge in distributed team collaboration
Critical learning incidents and use as a learning method : a comparison of Finnish and British nurse student teachers
Towards inclusion : teacher learning in co-teaching
Recent advances in land owner extension : proceedings of the IUFRO 3.08 Symposium with a special theme of peer-to-peer learning among land owners, 3-5 April 2011, Kuusamo, Finland
Music, informal learning and the school : a new classroom pedagogy
A practical guide to mentoring, coaching, and peer-networking : teacher professional development in schools and colleges
This book presents evidence-based tools and strategies for improving the social skills of all members of the inclusive classroom (K-6), especially students experiencing difficulties in this area. The authors explain why social competence is critical to school success and describe interventions, curricula, and instructional approaches that have been shown to be effective at the schoolwide, classroom, and individual levels. Procedures for conducting assessments and developing individualized intervention plans are detailed. Subject Areas/Keywords: assessments, autism spectrum disorders, children, curricula, developmental, disabilities, disorders, friendship, inclusive classrooms, instructional approaches, interventions, peer rejection, peers, programs, relationships, social competence, social skills training, special education, teaching.
Vibes in AVO open networks : descriptions of the AVO project operation during 2008-2011
Peer Learning in Higher Education : learninq from and with each other
Knowing matters : how students address lack of knowledge in bilingual classroom interaction
Learning together : peer tutoring in higher education
The power of peers in the classroom : enhancing learning and social skills
Peer support and social relationships have a tremendous influence on development, motivation, and achievement for all students, including struggling learners and those with disabilities. This highly practical book is one of the few resources available to guide classroom teachers and special educators in the application of peer-assisted instructional strategies in grades K-12. Expert contributors describe evidence-based approaches for building students' skills in reading, writing, math, and other content areas, as well as social competence and executive functioning. Sample lessons and more than a dozen reproducible tools are provided.
In higher music education, learning in social settings (orchestras, choirs, bands, chamber music and so on) is prevalent, yet understanding of such learning rests heavily on the transmission of knowledge and skill from master to apprentice. This narrow view of learning trajectories pervades in both one-to-one and one-to-many contexts. This is surprising given the growing body of knowledge about the power of collaborative learning in general, underpinned by theoretical developments in educational psychology: the social dimensions of learning, situational learning and concepts of communities of learners. Collaborative Learning in Higher Music Education seeks to respond to the challenge of becoming more conscious of the creative and multiple dimensions of social interaction in learning music, in contexts ranging from interdisciplinary projects to one-to-one tuition, and not least in the contemporary context of rapid change in the cultural industries and higher education as a whole. It brings together theoretical papers and case studies of practice. Themes covered include collaborative creativity, communities of practice, peer-learning, co-teaching as co-learning, assessment and curriculum structures. Chapters illuminate reasons for enabling collaborative learning, and provide exemplars of innovative practice and designs for collaborative learning environments in higher music education. A central purpose of the book is to scaffold change, to help in meeting the rapid changes in society and to find constructive stepping stones or signposts for teachers and students.
Peer farmers' role in the adoption recommended practices : a study on demonstration farmers' and other farmers' influence on the acceptance of certain recommended farm and household practices in 15 eastern Finland neighborhoods
Socially shared regulation of motivation and emotions in collaborative learning
It is a common concern that non-resident private forest owners are less able to make informed decisions regarding their forests. Moreover, the present guidance given by forest professionals is not reaching all owners. In this study, we suggest enhancing knowledge exchange among forest owners by increasing their mutual and informal interaction that could inspire them to co-construct new knowledge. The first objective is to identify present emerging activities that constitute knowledge exchange contexts (communities) for Finnish forest owners. The second objective is to discuss the challenges of current Finnish forest extension and their implications when introducing Communities of Practice as a complementary response to existing, yet insufficient, professional-led extension. Data consist of Finnish forest owners' and forest professionals' (n=43) focus group interviews. The qualitative analysis was theoretically oriented followed by data-driven coding and grouping. According to the results, the role of expert-led encounters is strong in Finland and owners' opportunities for good mutual communication are rare. Informal communities exist mainly in the countryside among neighbouring owners and within families. To enhance knowledge sharing among owners, one needs to identify innovative topics and activities that would inspire owners to commit to their forest property and perform active silviculture. These communities would operate as creative learning environments allowing participation of different levels. When cultivating forest owners' communities it is important to consider actors' roles. Forest owners themselves are responsible for the functions and continuity of these communities, although forest professionals could also initiate new and sufficiently homogenous reference groups for the owners.
In the twenty-first century, being able to collaborate effectively is important at all ages, in everyday life, education and work, within and across diverse cultural settings. People are increasingly linked by networks that are not only means for working and learning together, but are also ways of maintaining social and emotional support. Collaborating with others requires not only elaborating new ideas together, but also being able to manage interpersonal relations. In order to design and facilitate effective collaborative situations, the challenge is therefore to understand the interrelations between social, affective and cognitive dimensions of interactions in groups.
Interactive teaching : promoting better learning using peer instruction and Just-in-Time Teaching
Collaborative learning in higher music education
Domino : a manual to use peer group education as a means to fight racism, xenophobia, anti-semitism and intolerance
Peer-group mentoring and the culture of teacher education in Finland
