http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21846 machine learning
machine learning
Collaborative learning, reasoning, and technology
Dimensionality reduction framework for detecting anomalies from network logs
Collaborative learning in international teams on Technologies to Reduce the Access Barrier in  Human Computer Interaction (TrabHCI)  : Erasmus Intensive Programme
Foundations and advances in deep learning
A machine learning approach to determining carotid atherosclerosis predisposition based on genotypes
Improving drug discovery decision making using machine learning and graph theory in QSAR modeling
Does the literate game help 3rd and 4th grade Zambian children learn how to read
Real-time action recognition for RGB-D and motion capture data
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
Real-world machine learning
Integrated e-learning : implications for pedagogy, technology and organization
Accompanying CD-RM contains Machine learning office software, MLO guide (pdf) and examples of data.
Multivariate multi-way modelling of multiple high-dimensional data sources
Emotional obstacles of e-learning
Furthering higher education possibilities through massive open online courses
The systemic cognition of e-learning success in internationally operating organizations
Machine learning and clinical text : supporting health information flow
Computer games and team and individual learning
Multitasking-Impact of ICT on learning
Autonomous virtual instruments : a foray into musical metacreation
Machine learning for spatial environmental data : theory, applications and software
Machine ethics
Model selection in time series machine learning applications
Imbalanced learning : foundations, algorithms, and applications
Beyond treebanking : developing methods and resources for Finnish syntactic and semantic analysis
Advances in weakly supervised learning of morphology
Introduction to pattern recognition and machine learning
Ubiquitous contextual information access with proactive retrieval and augmentation
Pedagogy and ICT use in schools around the world : findings from the IEA SITES 2006 study
Probabilistic modeling and machine learning in structural and systems biology : workshop proceedings, Tuusula, Finland June 17-18, 2006
E-learning methodologies and computer applications in archaeology
Teaching with technologies : the essential guide
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT : theory & practice
Player authentication based on mouse and keyboard dynamics
Written as a tutorial to explore and understand the power of R for machine learning. This practical guide that covers all of the need to know topics in a very systematic way. For each machine learning approach, each step in the process is detailed, from preparing the data for analysis to evaluating the results. These steps will build the knowledge you need to apply them to your own data science tasks.Intended for those who want to learn how to use R's machine learning capabilities and gain insight from your data. Perhaps you already know a bit about machine learning, but have never used R; or.
Learnability makes things click : a grounded theory approach to the software product evaluation
Improving diagnosis of acute coronary syndromes in an emergency setting : a machine learning approach
Introduction to machine learning
Students' problem solving in the LEGO/Logo learning environment
Memory-saving optimization algorithms for systems with limited hardware
Machine learning with R : learn how to use R to apply powerful machine learning methods and gain an insight into real-world applications
Online education using learning objects
Final Jeopardy : man vs. machine and the quest to know everything
Application of data mining methods in the study of crime based on international data sources
Applying machine learning methods to aphasic data
"This book presents innovative instructional approaches for archaeological e-learning based on networked technologies, providing researchers, scholars, and professionals a comprehensive global perspective on the resources, development, application, and implications of information communication technology in multimedia-based educational products and services in archaeology"--Provided by publisher.
Creating the theory of virtual learning environments : an example of a language forum
Dataset shift in machine learning
Machine learning for audio, image and video analysis : theory and applications
Social media in the middle of nowhere : NBE 2011 Conference
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
25th International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML 2008) : abstract booklet, Helsinki, Finland, July 5-9, 2008.
Documenting learning with ePortfolios
Discovering causal relations in the presence of latent confounders
Combining conjunctive rule extraction with diffusion maps for network intrusion detection
Multilabel classification through structured output learning : methods and applications
Machine learning for corporate bankruptcy prediction
Input variable selection methods for construction of interpretable regression models
Algorithmic issues in computational intelligence optimization : from design to implementation, from implementation to design
Fleet inference : importing vehicle routing problems using machine learning
The rise of blended learning : students' perspectives
Time series forecasting using neural networks
Knowledge discovery using diffusion maps
Tracing the process of self-regulated learning – students’ strategic activity in g/nStudy learning environment
During the recent years blended learning has become more common strategy in higher education. In Oulu University of Applied Sciences School of Business and Information Management blended learning was developed in a project where about 20 teachers from two degree programs developed courses from the point of view of individual, blended and online learning. A focus group interview was organised with voluntary students in order to get insights to student's experiences.     Students wish that they would have activities and feedback along the course - not big assignments or exam at the end of the course. Blended learning should be tied to real life cases which are connected to theories. Two-way interaction plays a critical role when blended learning is used in order to avoid the isolation of students. Learning Cafe type of assignments, where talented students' expertise could be used in coaching, received excellent feedback because of the better interaction.
Leveraging emotion and word-based features for antisocial behavior detection in user-generated content
Machine learning with R cookbook : explore over 110 recipes to analyze data and build predictive models with the simple and easy-to-use R code
The Really useful eLearning Instruction manual : your toolkit for putting elearning into practice
IoT based pain management using physiological parameters
Creating a framework for improving the learnability of a complex system
A Probabilistic approach to the primary visual cortex
Steps on multi-target prediction and adaptability to dynamic input
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Technology-enhanced statistics learning experiment:a case study at upper secondary level
Robust methods for speech feature extraction
"Learning Theory and Online Technology offers a powerful overview of the current state of e-learning, a foundation of its historical roots and growth, and a framework for distinguishing among the major approaches to e-learning. It effectively addresses pedagogy (how to design an effective online environment for learning), evaluation (how to know that students are learning), and history (how past research can guide successful online teaching and learning outcomes). An ideal textbook for Educational Technology Masters, PhD, and Certificate programs, readers will find Learning Theory and Online Technology provides a synthesis of the key advances in e-learning theory, the key frameworks of research, and clearly links theory and research to successful learning practice".
Change process towards ICT supported teaching and learning
Mining for strategic competitive intelligence : foundations and applications
Researchers at IBM launched a billion-dollar project to develop a machine that could compete in the quiz show Jeopardy--and win. The machine faced off in a high-ratings match against two former champions, Ken Jennings and Brad Rutter. Journalist Stephen Baker carries readers on a captivating journey from the IBM labs to the showdown in Hollywood. The story features brilliant Ph.D.s, Hollywood moguls, knowledge-obsessed Jeopardy masters--and a very special collection of silicon and circuitry named Watson. It was a classic match of Man vs. Machine, not seen since the chess-playing computer Deep Blue bested the world's reigning grandmaster, Garry Kasparov. And Watson needed to do more than churn through chess moves or find a relevant Web page--it had to understand language, including puns and irony, and master everything from history and literature to science, arts, and entertainment.--Adapted from publisher description.
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy?
Nutrition health project using an ICT-based learning environment : participatory action research in Eastern Finland
Machine learning in systems biology
Spectral analysis of symmetric and anti-symmetric pairwise kernels
Kernel methods for remote sensing data analysis
Introduction to machine learning and bioinformatics
Learning & teaching with technology : principles and practices
Anomaly detection using one-class SVM with wavelet packet decomposition
Machine Learning in Action
Semantic labeling of places with mobile robots
Algorithms for approximate Bayesian inference with applications to astronomical data analysis
Observations on possible use of the "Literate" game on poor readers in a multicultural classroom setting
Practical machine learning : tackle the real-world complexities of modern machine learning with innovative and cutting-edge techniques
Modeling communities of experts : conceptual grounding of expertise
Computing the stochastic complexity of simple probabilistic graphical models
Building the artificial neural network environment : Artificial Neural Networks in plane control
Towards structured output prediction of enzyme function
The annotated Turing : a guided tour through Alan Turing's historic paper on computability and the Turing machine
Context awareness for navigation applications
Predictive modeling in genome-wide association studies
Machine learning methods for spectrum exploration and exploitation
Learning discriminative models from structured multi-sensor data for human context recognition
Kernel-based ranking : methods for learning and performance estimation
Machine learning : a probabilistic perspective : [study guide]
Machine learning methods for incomplete data and variable selection
DGA detection using machine learning methods
Part-of-speech tagging in written slang
A concise overview of machine learning - computer programs that learn from data - which underlies applications that include recommendation systems, face-recognition, and driverless cars.
Bayesian latent Gaussian spatio-temporal models
This paper provides an overview of the GraphoGame method. Both theoretical and methodological aspects related to the method are presented. The method's guiding principles are based on the prevailing theories and experimental research findings on learning and teaching basic reading skills in alphabetic languages, especially from the point of view of a struggling reader. Because the nature of the target language and its relation to its writing system play central roles in the GraphoGame method, this approach requires the method to be flexible in order to be valid for learners of different languages and orthographies. Thus, the aim of the developed technology is to provide an appropriate reading support tool for all learners—from struggling learners to typical learners—in any language environment. We present an overview of results gained from GraphoGame intervention studies as well as challenges for the usability of the method.
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Children's learning in a digital world
Innovation, learning, and communities
Computational analysis of small non-coding RNAs in model systems
Emotion recognition from speech using prosodic features
Technology has revolutionised every aspect of our lives and how we learn is no exception. The trouble is; the range of elearning technologies and the options available can seem bewildering. Even those who are highly experienced in one aspect of elearning will lack knowledge in some other areas. Wouldn't it be great if you could access the hard-won knowledge, practical guidance and helpful tips of world-leading experts in these fields? Edited by Rob Hubbard and featuring chapters written by global elearning experts: Clive Shepherd, Laura Overton, Jane Bozarth, Lars Hyland, Rob Hubbard, Julie Wedgwood, Jane Hart, Colin Steed, Clark Quinn, Ben Betts and Charles Jennings - this book is a practical guide to all the key topics in elearning, including: getting the business on board, building it yourself, learning management, blended, social, informal, mobile and game-based learning, facilitating online learning, making the most of memory and more.
Normalized maximum likelihood methods for clustering and density estimation
Developing fast machine learning techniques with applications to steganalysis problems
In recent years, technological advancements have enabled higher-learning institutions to offer millions of independent learners the opportunity to participate in open-access online courses. As this practice expands, drawing considerable media attention, questions continue to arise regarding pedagogical methodology and the long-term viability of open learning. Furthering Higher Education Possibilities through Massive Open Online Courses seeks to provide a space for discussion of MOOCs: what they mean for the learning process, how they are redefining the concept of a classroom, and what effects they may have on the role of teachers. Featuring emerging research on a variety of topics relating to distance education, informal learning, as well as educational costs and funding, this book is aimed at teachers, administrators, business professionals, and designers of both curricular resources and e-classroom technology.
Machine learning for computer vision
E-portfolios perform many functions in higher education at both an institutional and student level. This book offers online instructors guidance in creating and implementing e-portfolios with their students. It helps them assess the needs of their students then design and implement a strategic, comprehensive e-portfolio program tailored to these needs. Further, it lets instructors see how such programs can be used as an example of their own personal and professional academic development. This is an essential resource for any online instructor or student wishing to use e-portfolios as a tool.
New kernel functions and learning methods for text and data mining
Modeling intention in email : speech acts, information leaks and recommendation models
Computer vision is the science and technology of making machines that see. It is concerned with the theory, design and implementation of algorithms that can automatically process visual data to recognize objects, track and recover their shape and spatial layout. The International Computer Vision Summer School - ICVSS was established in 2007 to provide both an objective and clear overview and an in-depth analysis of the state-of-the-art research in Computer Vision. The courses are delivered by world renowned experts in the field, from both academia and industry, and cover both theoretical and practical aspects of real Computer Vision problems. The school is organized every year by University of Cambridge (Computer Vision and Robotics Group) and University of Catania (Image Processing Lab). Different topics are covered each year. A summary of the past Computer Vision Summer Schools can be found at: http://www.dmi.unict.it/icvss This edited volume contains a selection of articles covering some of the talks and tutorials held during the last editions of the school. The chapters provide an in-depth overview of challenging areas with key references to the existing literature.
Overfitting in feature selection: pitfalls and solutions
Comparison of higher education student and teacher perceptions of e-learning
Multilayer perceptron training with multiobjective memetic optimization
Understanding machine learning : from theory to algorithms
Building machine learning systems with Python : master the art of machine learning with Python and build effective machine learning systems with this intensive hands-on guide
A first course in machine learning
They snooze, you lose : the educator's guide to successful presentations
Network security monitoring and anomaly detection in industrial control system networks
Automatic algorithm recognition based on programming schemas and beacons : a supervised machine learning classification approach
Nucleus model for designing social mindtools : woven stories
Approaches and Strategies in Next Generation Science Learning
Anomaly detection from network logs using diffusion maps
Learning grasp affordances from vision
Serious games as catalyst for intercultural literacy development? : a case study of Immigropoly
GraphoGame Method: The Theoretical and Methodological Background of the Technology-Enhanced Learning Environment for Learning to Read
Collaborative screen capture video based learning in information systems science
Learning through emotions in robotics
Documents research on the impact of computer games on the learning of adults. Computer games and learning are characterized from a series of different theoretical and empirical viewpoints. Both civilian sector and military applications are presented. While effectiveness of game environments to support learning can be documented in terms of intensity and longevity of engagement (participants voting with their time), as well as the commercial success of the games, there is much less solid empirical information about what instructional outcomes are systematically achieved by the playing of individual and multiplayer games. This book will address these issues.Designed for professionals in the gaming, simulation, assessment and evaluation, educational technology, and educational psychology communities, this book explores the state of the art in the use of computer game technology for teaching and measurement of learning in adults. Its unique focus is on the empirical impact, both qualitative and quantitative, of computer games on the learning of adults.
From pixels to semantics : visual concept detection and its applications
MIRtoolbox : version 1.6.1
Sentence compression with supervised machine learning
Classification of metallic targets using a walk-through metal detection portal
Bootstrapping named entity annotation by means of active machine learning
Learning theory and online technologies
Dropout-based Support Vectors Regularization
On two-way grouping by one-way topic models
Comparing the forecasting performance of logistic regression and random forest models in criminal recidivism
Music adviser : emotion-driven music recommendation ecosystem
Scaffolding inquiry in science education by means of computer supported collaborative learning : pupils' and teacher students' experiences
The master algorithm : how the quest for the ultimate learning machine will remake our world
Serious game design : supporting collaborative learning and investigating learners' experiences
Machine learning : modeling data locally and globally
Virtually face to face : enriching collaborative learning through multiplayer games
Methods for facial expression recognition with applications in challenging situations
Feature extraction for supervised learning in knowledge discovery systems
Advances in methods of anomaly detection and visualization of multivariate data
Technologies to support learning, well-being, and communication
Building intelligent interactive tutors : student-centered strategies for revolutionizing e-learning
Anomaly detection in wireless sensor networks
High-dimensional Big Data processing with dictionary learning and diffusion maps
Unstable feature relevance in classification tasks
Optimizaation and applications of large-scale biomedical event networks
Generic intelligent machines : the Fifth GIM Scientific Workshop, November 29-30, 2011, Aalto University School of Electrical Engineering
Currently e-learning is considered an essential part of the everyday learning processes for both teachers and students in higher education. However, the learning results of e-learning are under debate and there is a growing critique on the efficiency and actual results of e-learning. In this paper we present our on-going work for exploring higher education students and teachers recent perceptions of their e-learning experiences, the usage of e-learning technologies and developing the learning process. Two surveys were conducted in order to investigate and compare the perceived advantages, challenges and needs for support among the students and teachers in higher education.  According to the results the perceived advantages of e-learning for both teachers and students were fairly similar. Flexibility in use of time and place were found as the most important benefit of e-learning. Some teachers conceived that e-learning was more activating than traditional learning in terms of increasing presence and participation. However, the results indicate that some of the students were not convinced about the activating advantages of e-learning.   The main challenges in e-learning for both students and teachers dealt with technical issues, (i.e. non-functioning data connections and software) and teacher-student interaction. Both students and teachers also experienced problems in directing the learning situation (e.g. finding/raising motivation, taking possible learning hindrances into account). Teachers also highlighted the students¿ lack of commitment as a challenge in e-learning.  Based on the studies we suggest that in order to ensure the high-quality learning results in e-learning continuous and relevant training and peer support for educators and students are needed. Additionally it is important to enhance the user experience and the content and materials of the courses should be designed carefully. We also suggest that in e-learning the interaction between teachers and peer students should be improved.
Verification and implementation of call sequence analysing algorithm
"The new field of machine ethics is concerned with giving machines ethical principles, or a procedure for discovering a way to resolve the ethical dilemmas they might encounter, enabling them to function in an ethically responsible manner through their own ethical decision making. Developing ethics for machines, in contrast to developing ethics for human beings who use machines, is by its nature an interdisciplinary endeavor. The essays in this volume represent the first steps by philosophers and artificial intelligence researchers toward explaining why it is necessary to add an ethical dimension to machines that function autonomously, what is required in order to add this dimension, philosophical and practical challenges to the machine ethics project, various approaches that could be considered in attempting to add an ethical dimension to machines, work that has been done to date in implementing these approaches, and visions of the future of machine ethics research"--
Description:  The end of the last millennium was marked by rapid technological advances and deep changes in many aspects of human activity, often taken together as indicative of a shift into a 'knowledge era'. Such changes have stimulated much discussion about the role and processes of education, and about the role of information and communication technology (ICT) in teaching and learning in this new era. Many policy documents relating to these themes have been published by international and regional organizations such as the European Commission, the European Round table of Industrialists, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), UNESCO and the World Bank. Numerous blueprints on education reform and on ICT in education have also been set out by various governments since the mid-1990s.These policy initiatives brought with them a variety of strategic implementation priorities that differ from country to country, depending on the socio-economic and political context. Such educational strategies may involve, amongst others, changes in curriculum and/or assessment at the system level, provision for ICT infrastructure, teacher professional development, and/or technical and pedagogical support for teachers.Given the deep technological, economic and policy changes that have taken place over the last decade, are there indications that pedagogical practices are changing as well? What impact is the pedagogical use of ICT making in schools around the world? What is the impact of the implementation of these policies on pedagogy and ICT use in classrooms? These are the questions that this book addresses through an analysis of the findings from SITES 2006, an international comparative study of pedagogy and ICT use conducted under the auspices of the International Association for the Evaluation of Educational Achievement (IEA).
Concept formation and knowledge revision
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
"Machine learning is one of the fastest growing areas of computer science, with far-reaching applications. The aim of this textbook is to introduce machine learning, and the algorithmic paradigms it offers, in a principled way. The book provides an extensive theoretical account of the fundamental ideas underlying machine learning and the mathematical derivations that transform these principles into practical algorithms. Following a presentation of the basics of the field, the book covers a wide array of central topics that have not been addressed by previous textbooks. These include a discussion of the computational complexity of learning and the concepts of convexity and stability; important algorithmic paradigms including stochastic gradient descent, neural networks, and structured output learning; and emerging theoretical concepts such as the PAC-Bayes approach and compression-based bounds. Designed for an advanced undergraduate or beginning graduate course, the text makes the fundamentals and algorithms of machine learning accessible to students and non-expert readers in statistics, computer science, mathematics, and engineering"--
Learning nonlinear visual processing from natural images
Machine learning : a Bayesian and optimization perspective
Data fusion and matching by maximizing statistical dependencies
Approaches and Strategies in Next Generation Science Learning examines the challenges involved in the development of modern curriculum models, teaching strategies, and assessments in science education in order to prepare future students in the 21st century economies. This comprehensive collection of research brings together science educators, researchers and administrators interested in enhancing the teaching and learning of next generation science.
Abstract.
Gaussian processes for machine learning
Increasing beneficial interactions in a computer-supported collaborative environment
Rethinking computer-based simulation : concepts and models
Image analysis with environmental applications
Big high-dimensional data analysis with diffusion maps
Machine learning : the new AI
Numerical algorithms : methods for computer vision, machine learning, and graphics
An enhanced noc-based embedded heterogeneous manycore platform
Deep learning
On text document classification and retrieval using self-organising maps
Machine learning : an algorithmic perspective
Approximate top-κ retrieval from hidden relations
Metacognition in group problem solving : a quest for socially shared metacognition
e-Learning and the science of instruction : proven guidelines for consumers and designers of multimedia learning
On data mining applications in mobile networking and network security
Virtually face to face: enriching collaborative learning through multiplayer games
Tracing the process of self-regulated learning : students' strategic activity in g/nStudy learning environment
Evaluation of machine learning classifiers for mobile network intrusion detection systems
Support vector machines
Project managing e-learning : a handbook for successful design, delivery and management
Advances in Extreme Learning Machines
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Causal structure learning and effect Identification in linear non-Gaussian models and beyond
Actual and potential pedagogical use of tablets in schools
Automatic assessment of assignments in mathematics and computing science by adaptive testing.
The effects of ICT on school: teachers’ and students’ perspectives
Learning preferences with kernel-based methods
This second edition focuses on audio, image and video data, the three main types of input that machines deal with when interacting with the real world. A set of appendices provides the reader with self-contained introductions to the mathematical background necessary to read the book. Divided into three main parts, From Perception to Computation introduces methodologies aimed at representing the data in forms suitable for computer processing, especially when it comes to audio and images. Whilst the second part, Machine Learning includes an extensive overview of statistical techniques aimed at addressing three main problems, namely classification (automatically assigning a data sample to one of the classes belonging to a predefined set), clustering (automatically grouping data samples according to the similarity of their properties) and sequence analysis (automatically mapping a sequence of observations into a sequence of human-understandable symbols). The third part Applications shows how the abstract problems defined in the second part underlie technologies capable to perform complex tasks such as the recognition of hand gestures or the transcription of handwritten data. Machine Learning for Audio, Image and Video Analysis is suitable for students to acquire a solid background in machine learning as well as for practitioners to deepen their knowledge of the state-of-the-art. All application chapters are based on publicly available data and free software packages, thus allowing readers to replicate the experiments.
