http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2182 primary school (folk school)
primary school (folk school)
Linked interests based collaboration between MNC-NGOs in the context of low income developing countries / case: Turun yliopisto
Legitimacy through constructive engagement : an institutional pressure perspective to primary sector MNE social sustainability in the Republic of Liberia
Narrative transportation in global brand context : content analysis of Cannes Lion grand prix winners in film category
Efficiency of International Degree Programmes' Marketing
One, two, three. 1 b, Workbook
Big Ben book. 3-4, Pupil's book
Institutional environment in North Korea : market structure and overcoming institutional voids
My English book : (englannin alkeita)
Promoting Intercultural Management for Working Life in the Baltic Sea Region : A Five-Year Project. Thoughts, Experiences and Impact
Attracting and retaining customers in the internet
Innovation competencies development : INCODE barometer and user guide
International issue
The marketing of social enterprises : understanding the concepts of marketing and market orientation of social enterprises within the context of Pakistani market
Elementary education and children's lives during the Second World War in Finland
International collaboration : towards joint research activities in the strategic partnership
Peter and Paul
Do UNESCO schools in Finland prepare their students for the future? : a study of their school-based curriculums
English picture workbook
Internal resources and international entry strategies : The serviced apartment context
Welcome to English. 1, Flash cards : Kuvakortit
International Club for International Students in Higher Education : Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences
Consumer perceptions on a content-based digital service : the usage and service quality of Masennusinfo.fi
Story of the present : Itseohjaavia tehtäviä englannin yleispreesensin harjoittelemiseksi
[In the sea]
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
In recent years, many Finnish universities of applied sciences (UAS) have engaged in systematic development of their educational expertise and services by adapting them for global education markets. The export of education has been acknowledged as its own sphere of operations, which is not only reliant on top-quality education but also requires new skills and competences, as well as novel mindsets, from the actors in higher education institutions. This publication, initiated by the international committee of the Rector's Conference of Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (Arene), gathers UASs' experiences of education export so far, while also providing ideas regarding future aims and expectations for operations in the field. The articles in this publication have been drawn up by 52 education experts representing 13 Finnish UASs, as well as their important interest groups and cooperation partners. These articles not only provide thorough descriptions of the organisation of education export activities within the UASs' structures, they also describe the implementation and delivery of cooperation activities, solutions and services to customers around the world. Moreover, the texts indicate the various areas within which Finnish UASs have been able to productise and sell their education.
Society and the development of an elementary school in Finland, 1866-1968
Foreign Divestment in E-business : analysis of foreign market exit of Groupon and Lyyti
Welcome to English. 1 A-1 B, Flash cards : Täydennyssarja
Viable health games: elements for success
Nordic students abroad : student mobility patterns, student support systems and labour market outcomes
Towards global and sustainable higher education : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
The formation and professionalization of the popular teachers in Finland in the 20th century
The role of formal institutions on the longevity of family-owned businesses in Finland
At the roots of Finnish elementary education : how were children raised in the first Finnish elementary schools?
Say it in English. 1, Lausekortit
Football coaching guide for middle school coaches at international schools
The New Order: Improving the Internationality in the International Business Degree Programme. Case Savonia University of Applied Sciences
With Brains, Hands and Heart : 20 Years of Physiotherapy Education in English in SAMK
Northern lights on PISA 2009 : focus on reading
Meaningfulness as a driver for employee engagement : CSR perspective in a multinational company
Innovative entrepreneurship education in the Nordic-Russian context : project report
INternational and OUTstanding : a short book about international affairs at Humak University of Applied Sciences in degree programme in civic activities and youth work
One, two, three. 1 b, Teacher's guide
Problemy religioznogo obrazovaniâ v Rossii : tradiciâ i novyj opyt = Problems of religious education in Russia : traditions and innovations = Probleme christlicher erziehung in Russland : tradition und erneuerung
Integrating corporate brands in cross-border acquisitions : serial acquirer focus
Internal communication during an organizational change : an ethnographic case study
The role of social customer service in online service business : an exploratory case study on Wolt
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Folk schools as reforming the borders of the public and the private in the late 19th century Finland
Turning consumers into partners : creating opportunities for business model innovation in retailing
One two three. 1 a, Teacher's guide
One, two, three. 1 a, Teacher's guide
Teacher's guide : one two three ... 1 a
Welcome to English. 1 A/3
Welcome to English. 1A/3, Teacher's book
One and many
Kanali - from Rauma to the world : Learning international business competence by doing
Studying in an international degree programme : from expectations to reality
Marketing of international degree programmes of Jyväskylä polytechnic
Step by step. Textbook
Consumer's purchase intention of ethical fashion : examining beliefs about fashion industry and attitudes towards ethical fashion
How HAMK could integrate its international students
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
International degree student guidance and counselling : supporting the international student community at Turku University of Applied Sciences
Let's write English. 1 B, Workbook to Let's speak English 1.
Efficiency of International Degree Programmes' marketing
Brazilian foreign direct investment in Africa : in search of natural resources and diplomatic power
Features in the Uno Cygnaeus research tradition
Welcome to English. 2, Flash cards. (kuvakortit)
Time for English. 2
Welcome to English. 1 A - 1 B, Flash cards : täydennyssarja
Adventurous decade and more : Diak's partnership in Asia
Summary s. 55.
Mobile marketing process of an international event : case : Falun 2015 FIS Nordic World Ski Championship
Welcome to English. 1, Workbook. 1 A
Welcome to English. 1, Workbook 1 B
The Cooperation between Savonia University of Applied Sciences and West Anhui University
Corporate social responsibility in online retail : perceptions from online discussions on Amazon
Comparison of strategies, methods and content in forestry education : An international comparative study
Export of education by Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : reflections on best practices
One, two, three. 1, English for children
Say it in English. 1, Kuvakortit
One, two, three. 2 b, English for children
International money laundering and its prevention in the banking sector
Let's write English. 1 A, Workbook to Let's speak English
One, two, three. 1 a, Workbook
The Longitudinal Study of Medical and Health Care  Students' Experiences and Attitudes Towards  Interprofessional Learning in First Semester Course
Finland as a business environment for international e-commerce : the role of transport service providers in enabling international small enterprise e-commerce
The art of building trust via e-communication channels : post-acquisition integration as a special context
Say it in English. 1, Kuva-aukeamat
The costs of raising equity ratio for banks : evidence from publicly listed banks operating in Finland
Business networks in e-commerce internationalization : two Finnish companies targeting Russia
Hello Dick. My English workbook : Englantilainen työkirjani
A school board dominated by landowners and an elementary school teacher in conflict after the Civil War in Finland
Primary school education in Japan
Interprofessional and international learning experiences in social and health care higher education in Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Making practical training a success : case: international practical training process at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
The impact of foreign direct investment inflows on the economic growth of Bangladesh : the roles of infrastructural facilities
Key factors affecting purchase intention in Russian online context
Welcome to English. 2, Flash cards. (Kuvakortit)
The role of public export promotion in Finland : industry view of public export promotion in Southwest Finland
Guidelines for entrepreneurship training in rural areas
Summary.
Managing Finnish-Russian relationships and networks during conflicts
Educational performance of the poor : lessons from rural Northeast Brazil
Bicultural individulas as workface in Australian MNCs
Here we are : (Hello, Dick II)
One, two, three. 2 a, Teacher's guide
Stress and international entrepreneurship : the dark side of international entrepreneurship
Professional service productization and its implications to knowledge trasfer in internationalization processes : case : company X in Finnish, Swedish and Norwegian markets
Love and forgiveness in the global community : designing Master's Degree in Global Health Care - Master of Health Care
Educational innovation in Kazakhstan : the case of Bolashak Finland
The role of organization-level factors on informal learning process
One, two, three. Picture book
Crowdfunding as a new funding alternative for early stage start-ups
Welcome to English. 1, Workbook 1 A
The role of emotions in value creation for families in pediatric health care
School differences and inequities in educational outcomes : PISA 2000 results of reading literacy in Finland
How do the Sami culture and school culture converge - or do they?
Crow into swan?
Hello, Dick. 1, My English workbook : Englantilainen työkirjani
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
Here we are. My English workbook : Englantilainen työkirjani
A Marketing Strategy for International Summer School
Interprofessional course "Public health and interprofessional collaboration" was planned for the first semester medical and health care students by two universities of Oulu, Finland. The course architecture was built on blended methods including lectures, video based workshops, interactive e-learning phase based on family cases with everyday health and wellbeing problems of the family members. The course ended with student conference. All together 1681 students from ten different degree programs participated in the course during the years 2007-2013. In this paper we describe the students' readiness and attitudes towards interprofessional learning (IPL) with RIPLS (Readiness towards interprofessional learning scale) in the beginning of the course and students' feedback and learning experiences at the end of the course using the web based inquiry. The attitudes and readiness towards IPL were evaluated quite positive. The highest RIPLS scores were evaluated in Teamwork and collaboration. The different development of the attitudes between the groups was seen in Roles and responsibilities. In the longitudinal perspective the medical students evaluated all of the subscales lower than the health care students. The scoring stayed in the same level during the years. The difference between the groups was significant. The learning outcomes correlated linearly with students' own activity. Those students, who took actively part in web and group discussions learned most. Family cases helped them to get the big picture of the service system. Based on students feedback participative methods gradually replaced the traditionally methods like lectures during the years. The learning outcomes were evaluated relatively good.
Sustainability focused Master Degree Programme and Master's Thesis
The need for cultural coaching : A study of the state of cultural education in international business studies in Tamk and other universities of applied science
The managers' handbook for European university lifelong learning
International Meeting 2009 : Ideal platform for networking and project planning.
Strategic management of resources for international business operations in small consulting firms : people, processes and tools in managing international operations
Children of Matter : luxury value perceptions of millennials in higher education in Europe
One, two, three. 2 a, English for children
Global higher education rankings 2005 : affordability and accessibility in comparative perspective
Steps in America : englannin kielen oppikirja. 3, Workbook
Time for English
How to manage interaction in international project planning in web conference
Welcome to English. 3
International R&D at Oulu University of Applied Sciences : practices from Raahe
Creating a foundation for international alumni networks in the finnish universities  of applied sciences : case: JAMK University of Applied Sciences
Brand identity in Finnish Higher Education Institutions
FDI spillovers in Russia : YIT in the Russian construction market
Opportunity meets uncertainty : towards sustainable business in the Arctic region
Matematiikan oppimisvaikeuksista kansakoulun I luokalla = Learning difficulties in mathematics in the first grade of the primary school
