http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21865 fluency
fluency
Experience, variation and generalization : learning a first language
English collocations in use : advanced : how words work together for fluent and natural English : self-study and classroom use
What research has to say about fluency instruction
Effortless mastery : liberating the master musician within
Rapid automatized naming and reading fluency in children with learning difficulties
Fluent forever : how to learn any language fast and never forget it
Where do these rails go? : drama in education in practising fluency for upper secondary school English students
Fluent in 3 months : tips and techniques to help you learn any language
The effects of drugs on verbal fluency
Computerized reading fluency assessment : task validity and the strongest discriminators of fluency skills among second-graders
Fluency development in L2 during study abroad: Finnish students of Russian
"The most effective way to understand what a child knows about the reading process is to take a running record. In Running Records, Mary Shea demonstrates how teachers can use this powerful tool to design lessons that decrease reading difficulties, build on strengths, and stimulate motivation, ensuring that children develop self-sustaining learning strategies. Special Features include: A step-by-step outline for taking efficient running records. Guidance in running record analysis: readers will learn how to use running record data to determine a child's level of decoding skill, comprehension, fluency, and overall reading confidence. A companion website offering videos of the running record process, sample running records for analysis, and numerous other resources. In order to meet the multi-faceted needs of children in today's classrooms, teachers must be knowledgeable about literacy concepts. Running Records provides that invaluable knowledge, making it an ideal text for literacy courses for pre-service teachers and a key professional reference for in-service teachers"-- Provided by publisher.
Fluency experiences in knowledge-intensive individual work and collaboration
Clinical linguistics
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
Da. Eto vopros! : prosodic development of Finnish students' read-aloud Russian during study in Russia
Running records : authentic instruction in early childhood education
Fluency through TPR storytelling : achieving real language acquisition in school
Phonology : a cognitive grammar introduction
Does training in syllable recognition improve reading speed? A computer-based trial with poor readers from second and third grade.
Collocations are combinations of words which frequently appear together. Using them makes your English sound more natural. Presents and explains approximately 1,500 word combinations in typical contexts using tables, charts, short texts and dialogues.
Cutting edge : using the media to enrich the teaching of oral skills
Α motor creativity intervention in the Greek early childhood education settings: effects on beliefs about health
Dimensions of L2 performance and proficiency : complexity, accuracy and fluency in SLA
Training reading skills : towards fluency
English collocations in use : how words work together for fluent and natural English : self-study and classroom use
The handbook of psycholinguistic and cognitive processes : perspectives in communication disorders
"We live in in a house of blo- in a block of flats." : Self-repair in EFL spoken language
Study path guide : tips to teaching in the various phases of studies
"Running records support responsive teaching -- instruction that follows ongoing assessment and is carefully differentiated to match children's accomplishments, current needs, and specific interests"-- Provided by publisher.
Fluency in Native And Nonnative English Speech
