http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2187 contradictions
contradictions
The age of orphans
The Goblins Gift
The fairness effect on cooperation in asymmetric social dilemmas when equality is percieved as unfair
The attack
A meeting by the river
Conflict in Japan
Resolving regional conflicts : international perspectives
Resolving conflicts in organizations
The means to express conflict is through communication, and the means to manage and address conflict is also via communication. This handbook emphasises constructive conflict management from a communication perspective which places primacy in the message as the focus of conflict research and practice.
Israel's policy against the Palestinian intifada
Cultural crisis and prerequisites for cultural rebirth
Conflict
The developmental course of marital dysfunction
Brown at 10
The armed forces and Alta : some tentative reflections on civil-military relations
Generational conflict within the Finnish army
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
You never give me your money : the Beatles after the breakup
Finding a voice at work? : new perspectives on employment relations
F*ck feelings : less obsessing, more living*
A daughter's a daughter : a Mary Westmacott novel
This is a practical book on negotiation in all realms of life. The authors cover the steps in the negotiating process and describe the necessary interpersonal skills for effective negotiators. They look at the factors that cause negotiations to break down, what to do when that happens, and the ethical and moral dimensions of negotiation. Chapters 7-12 examine key areas of life in which negotiation takes place: interpersonal relations, the workplace, consumer settings, community relations, and international affairs. The book: contains practitioner interviews; provides readers with real-world examples; and, emphasizes throughout the day-to-day relevance of negotiating skills.
Conflict coaching : conflict management strategies and skills for the individual
Do I have to give up me to be loved by you?
A most dangerous method : the story of Jung, Freud, and Sabina Spielrein
Victims of progress
Scientific realism and social psychological theorizing : a generalization and critical analysis of the role expectation conflict theory
Why don't we all live together anymore? : big issues for little people after a family break-up
South Africa : a study in conflict
Happy are the happy
Face it : recognizing and conquering the hidden fear that drives all conflict at work
Acquisition Failure : the case of a multinational enterprise from an emerging market failing in Indonesia
Communication and Conflict in International Business : Case of India and Finland
International conflict and conflict management : readings in world politics
Resolving conflicts on the job
Human relations : interpesonal job-oriented skills
The broken land
The separatism of the Diola in Casamance, Senegal : connections between an ethnic conflict and economic development
Elspeth Hart and the school for show-offs
Perfect daughter
Invitation to Provence
The settlement of the Canadian-American disputes
The lovers : love and vengeance in Afganistan : a true story
Race and ethnicity in Latin America
The crazed : a novel
The Tourist
Japanese models of conflict resolution
A dangerous method
Hidden conflict in organizations : uncovering behind-the-scenes disputes
Narrative and the social dynamics of magical harm in late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century Finland
Moral conflicts in a project course in information systems education
Sworn secret : a novel
The demon's watch
The good daughter : my mother's hidden life
Continuities in the study of social conflict
Literary rivals : feuds and antagonisms in the world of books
Hotel on the corner of Bitter and Sweet : a novel
A sparrow falls
Exploring the organizing of work for creative individuals:the paradox of art and business in creative industries
Moral conflict : when social worlds collide
Managing Interpersonal Conflict is a systematic review of conflict research in legal, institutional and relational contexts. Each chapter represents a summary of the existing quantitative social science research using meta-analysis, with contexts ranging from jury selection to peer mediation to homophobia reduction. The contributors provide connections between cutting-edge scholarship about abstract theoretical arguments, the needs of instructional and training pedagogy, and practical applications of information. The meta-analysis approach produces a unique informational resource, offering answers to key research questions addressing conflict. This volume serves as an invaluable resource for studying conflict, mediation, negotiation and facilitation in coursework; implementing and planning training programs; designing interventions; creating workshops; and conducting studies of conflict.
The law of non-contradiction : new philosophical essays
The dark side of interpersonal communication
The man who loved children
The rise and fall of the great powers : economic change and military conflict from 1500 to 2000
The heroines : a novel
"A paradox can be defined as an unacceptable conclusion derived by apparently acceptable reasoning from apparently acceptable premises. Many paradoxes raise serious philosophical problems, and they are associated with crises of thought and revolutionary advances. The expanded and revised third edition of this intriguing book considers a range of knotty paradoxes including Zeno's paradoxical claim that the runner can never overtake the tortoise, a new chapter on paradoxes about morals, paradoxes about belief, and hardest of all, paradoxes about truth. The discussion uses a minimum of technicality but also grapples with complicated and difficult considerations, and is accompanied by helpful questions designed to engage the reader with the arguments. The result is not only an explanation of paradoxes but also an excellent introduction to philosophical thinking."--BOOK JACKET.
American wife
Negotiation : communication for diverse settings
What the day owes the night
The man of lawlessness
Constructionist controversies : issues in social problems theory
Ishmael : an adventure of the mind and spirit : a novel
Conflicts among the basic subunits of the firm : exploring the impact of nature of business, competitive strategy and managerial organization on conflicts in Finnish food industry firms
Social conflict in the age of Justinian : its nature, management, and mediation
Mail order bride : a graphic novel
The secrets we share
In a small, tight-knit Jewish suburb of London, one young man's pre-wedding panic illuminates the universal conflict between responsibility and passion / Library of Congress.
Caribou island : a novel
The role of asymmetric information in sequential resource dilemmas with unknown resource size
Social interaction as drama : applications from conflict resolution
The determinants of the revolutionary disintegration of the state in Iran
Living with bad surroundings : war and uncertainty in Northern Uganda
An introduction to ethnic conflict
Everyday value conflicts and integrative complexity of thought
To kill a mockingbird
Perspectives on communication in social conflict
Winter shadows : a novel
Conflict and compromise in multilingual societies. Vol. 2, Belgium
Managing conflict
The hero's tomb
Vagueness and contradiction
The Brothers Karamazov. 1
Robbie & Gary : it's complicated : the unauthorized biography
"Bad old days" : the myth of the 1950s
Summary: Historical abstracts (Santa Barbara, Cal.) 20 B (1974) s. 95.
The birth house
Working through conflict : strategies for relationships, groups and organizations
Physicists in conflict
Comfort zone : a novel of present day discontents
Prevention and management of conflict in health care : a case study on strategies used in handling conflict among Ghanaian nurse administrators
Dissension and face-work strategies in German dialogues
I don't know how she does it : a comedy about failure, a tragedy about success
Novelists, poets, and playwrights live double lives. When they fall out with each other they seem to do so with great passion. This highly entertaining book looks at some of the most complex friendships and enmities in literary history and examines the dramatic effects on literature itself.
Unruly masses : the other side of fin-de-siècle Vienna
Environmental disputes : community involvement in conflict resolution
In the cold dark ground
Resolution of the Cyprus problem: squaring a circle? : an analysis of a protracted social conflict
Freedom and order: ambivalence in Daniel Defoe's Robinson Crusoe (1719)
Hotel on the corner of bitter and sweet : a novel
Managing interpersonal conflict : advances through meta-analysis
The Duff : designated ugly fat friend
New directions in conflict theory : conflict resolution and conflict transformation
The calligrapher's daughter  : a novel
Clash of cultures
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Land where I flee
Handbook of defesiable reasoning and uncertainty management systems. Volume 2, easoning with actual and potential contradictions
South Africa : background to the crisis
The innocents
Negotiation in social conflict
The Brothers Karamazov. 2
History of the conflict between religion and science
Research in social movements, conflicts and change
Managing conflict at work : understanding and resolving conflict for productive working relationships
We need to talk about Kevin
African Carmen : transnational cinema as an arena for cultural contradictions
Interest conflict and political change in Brazil
Three sides to a story : an investigation into the applicability of cultural adjustment models
Seek : reports from the edges of America & beyond
Let it be morning
The go-between
Evolution vs. creationism : an introduction
The eye of the leopard
How to deal with difficult people : smart tactics for overcoming the problem people in your life
Conflicts in the workplace : sources and solutions
The award-winning first edition of "The Promise of Mediation," published ten years ago, is a landmark classic that changed the field's understanding of the theory and practice of conflict intervention. That volume first articulated the "transformative model" of mediation, which greatly humanized the vision of how the mediation process could help parties in conflict. In the past decade, the transformative model has proved itself and gained increasing acceptance. It is now being used in such diverse arenas as workplace, community, family, organizational, and public policy conflicts, among others. In this new edition, the authors draw on a decade of work in theory development, training, practice, research, and assessment to present a thoroughly revised and updated account of the transformative model of mediation and its practical application, including a compelling description of how the field has moved toward increasing acceptance of the transformative model a new and clearer presentation of the theory and practices of transformative mediation, with many concrete examples a new case study that provides a vivid picture of the model in practice, with a commentary full of new information about how to use it effectively clarifications of common misconceptions about the model a vision for the future that shows how the model can coexist with other approaches and where the "market" for transformative mediation is emerging This volume is a foundational resource on transformative practice, for both readers of the first edition and new readers - including mediators, facilitators, lawyers, administrators, human resource professionals, policymakers, and conflictresolution researchers and educators. More generally, this book will strike a chord with anyone interested in humanizing our social institutions and building on a relational vision of society.
Arctic environment : indigenous perspectives
The SAGE handbook of conflict communication
The promise of mediation : the transformative approach to conflict
Abstract.
The social psychology of intergroup conflict : theory, research and applications
Conflict diagnosis and alternative dispute resolution
The corrections
Blood alone. Omnibus collection 1. Vol. 1-3
To work or not to work? : a social dilemma analysis of health insurance
Head over heart
Divided societies : class struggle in contemporary capitalism
Improving human resource management practices in Finland for immigrant workers
Halfway home : a novel
Blood and honour
Thud!
The help
Conflict of Interest : The Common Thread Underlying Ethical Lapses
Managing public disputes : a practical guide to handling conflict and reaching agreements
The applicability of conflict theories in outdoor recreation : a case study of hikers and recreational stock users in the eagle cap wilderness
Role ambiguity among school principals in China and Finland
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
Conflicts and multicultural team : Developing competencies for managers
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The age of orphans : a novel
Game theory : analysis of conflict
Conflict and human interaction
Awareness, institutional entrepreneurship, and contradictions in emerging technological fields
Education in conflict
Moral relevance and moral conflict
Dissent and the failure of leadership
The dark side of close relationships II
Ikki : social conflict and political protest in early modern Japan
The nix
