http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21976 Dermaptera
Dermaptera earwigs
Dermapterorum catalogus : a basic survey for integrated taxonomy of the Dermaptera of the world. 16-18, Iconographia: explicatio-series I-III
Dermapterorum catalogus praeliminaris. 3-6, A basic survey for numerical taxonomy of the Pygidicranidae, Karschiellidae, Diplatyidae, and Chelisochidae, the Dermaptera of the world
Dermapterorum catalogus praeliminaris : a basic survey for integrated taxonomy of the Dermaptera of the world. 13-14
Dermapterorum catalogus : a basic survey for integrated taxonomy of the Dermaptera of the world. 29, Iconographia XIII
Dermapterorum catalogus : a basic survey for integrated taxonomy of the Dermaptera of the world. 26, Iconographia X
Dermapterorum catalogus : a basic survey for integrated taxonomy of the Dermaptera of the world. 20, Iconographia IV-V
Dermapterorum catalogus praeliminaris : a basic survey for numerical taxonomy of the Dermaptera of the world. 8-9
Dermapterorum catalogus praeliminaris : a basic survey for numerical taxonomy of the Dermaptera of the world. 10-12
Dermapterorum catalogus : a basic survey for integrated taxonomy of the Dermaptera of the world. 31, A&B
Dermapterorum catalogus praeliminaris. 2, A basic survey for numerical taxonomy of the Labiidae, the Dermaptera of the world
Dermapterorum catalogus : a basic survey for integrated taxonomy of the Dermaptera of the world. 19, Iconographia IV-V
Atlas of grasshoppers, crickets and allied insects in Britain and Ireland
Dermapterorum catalogus : a basic survey for integrated taxonomy of the Dermaptera of the world. 24, Iconographia VIII
Dermapterorum catalogus : a basic survey for integrated taxonomy of the Dermaptera of the world. 21-22, Iconographia VI-VII
Pocket earwig
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, pt. 2 , Parasite host catalogue: Parasites of the Dermaptera and Diptera
Dermapterorum catalogus praeliminaris. 1, A basic survey for numerical taxonomy of the Labiduridae and Carcinophoridae, the Dermaptera of the world
Dermapterorum catalogus : a basic survey for integrated taxonomy of the Dermaptera of the world. 23, Iconographia VIII
Dermapterorum catalogus : a basic survey for integrated taxonomy of the Dermaptera of the world. 16-18, Iconographia: I-III
Dermapterorum catalogus praeliminaris : a basic survey for integrated taxonomy of the Dermaptera of the world. 15
The functional morphology of male cerci and associated characters in 13 species of tropical earwigs (Dermaptera: Forficulidae, Labiidae, Carcinophoridae, Pygidicranidae
Dermapterorum catalogus praeliminaris. 7, A basic survey for numerical taxonomy of the Forficulidae, the Dermaptera of the world
Dermapterorum catalogus : a basic survey for integrated taxonomy of the Dermaptera of the world. 25, Iconographia IX
Dermapterorum catalogus : a basic survey for integrated taxonomy of the Dermaptera of the world. 28, Iconographia XII
