http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21943 theory of evolution
theory of evolution
Charles Darwin's discovery of evolution by natural selection was the greatest scientific discovery of all time. The publication of his 1859 book, On the Origin of Species, is normally taken as the point at which evolution erupted as an idea, radically altering how the Victorians saw themselves and others. This book tells a very different story. Darwin's discovery was part of a long process of negotiation between imagination, faith and knowledge which began long before 1859 and which continues to this day. Evolution and the Victorians provides historians with a survey of the thinkers and debates implicated in this process, from the late 18th century to the First World War. It sets the history of science in its social and cultural context. Incorporating text-boxes, illustrations and a glossary of specialist terms, it provides students with the background narrative and core concepts necessary to engage with specialist historians such as Adrian Desmond, Bernard Lightman and James Secord. Conlin skilfully synthesises material from a range of sources to show the ways in which the discovery of evolution was a collaborative enterprise pursued in all areas of Victorian society, including many that do not at first appear "scientific".
The Malay archipelago : the land of the orang-utan, and the bird of paradise : a narrative of travel, with studies of man and nature
Homo deus : a brief history of tomorrow
Evolutionary game theory
The preadamite theory and the marriage of science and religion
Darwin and the general reader : the reception of Darwin's theory of evolution in the British periodical press, 1859-1872
Darwin studies : a theorist and his theories in their contexts
'The Selfish Gene' is a classic exposition of evolutionary thought. In it Professor Dawkins articulates a gene's eye view of evolution - a view giving centre stage to these persistent units of information, and in which organisms can be seen as vehicles for the replication of genes. The book provoked widespread and heated debate, which in part led Dawkins to write 'The Extended Phenotype', in which he gave a deeper clarification of the central concept of the gene as the unit of selection, as well as contributing his own development of this insight. 'The Extended Selfish Gene' brings these two books together, by including two key chapters from 'The Extended Phenotype'.
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
Diderot and the metamorphosis of species
Haldane, Mayr, and beanbag genetics
The selfless gene : living with god and Darwin
The art of evolution : Darwin, Darwinisms, and visual culture
The catholic church and evolutionary theory: a conflict model
Alfred Russel Wallace : explorer, evolutionist, public intellectual - a thinker for our own times?
"We tend to see history and evolution springing from separate roots, one grounded in the human world and the other in the natural world. Human beings have, however, become probably the most powerful species shaping evolution today, and human-caused evolution in other species has probably been the most important force shaping human history. This book introduces readers to evolutionary history, a new field that unites history and biology to create a fuller understanding of the past than either can produce on its own. Evolutionary history can stimulate surprising new hypotheses for any field of history and evolutionary biology. How many art historians would have guessed that sculpture encouraged the evolution of tuskless elephants? How many biologists would have predicted that human poverty would accelerate animal evolution? How many military historians would have suspected that plant evolution would convert a counter-insurgency strategy into a rebel subsidy? With examples from around the globe, this book will help readers see the broadest patterns of history and the details of their own life in a new light"--Provided by publisher.
Nature's witness : how evolution can inspire faith
Walking with cavemen : Savage family : The survivors
Evolutionary history : uniting history and biology to understand life on Earth
Creation : the origin of life ; Creation : the future of life
What on earth evolved? : 100 species that changed the world
" If evolution has changed humans physically, has it also affected human behavior? Drawing on evolutionary psychology, sociobiology, and human behavioral ecology, Human Nature and the Evolution of Society explores the evolutionary dynamics underlying social life. In this introduction to human behavior and the organization of social life, Stephen K. Sanderson discusses traditional subjects like mating behavior, kinship, parenthood, status-seeking, and violence, as well as important topics seldom included in books of this type, especially gender, economies, politics, foodways, race and ethnicity, and the arts. Examples and research on a wide range of human societies, both industrial and nonindustrial, are integrated throughout. With chapter summaries of key points, thoughtful discussion questions, and important terms defined within the text, the result is a broad-ranging and comprehensive consideration of human society, thoroughly grounded in an evolutionary perspective"--
The evolution of everything : how small changes transform our world
Endless forms most beautiful : the new science of evo devo and the making of the animal kingdom
Alone in the world? : human uniqueness in science and theology
Religion is not about God : how spiritual traditions nurture our biological nature and what to expect when they fail
The Religious aspect of evolution
Presents the many threads of modern work in genetics, paleontology, geology, molecular biology, and anatomy that demonstrate the indelible stamp of the evolutionary processes first proposed by Darwin.
This work provides a study of American women's responses to evolutionary theory and illuminates the role science played in the nineteenth-century women's rights movement. Here the author reveals how a number of nineteenth-century women, raised on the idea that Eve's sin forever fixed women's subordinate status, embraced Darwinian evolution, especially sexual selection theory as explained in The Descent of Man, as an alternative to the creation story in Genesis. The author chronicles the lives and writings of the women who combined their enthusiasm for evolutionary science with their commitment to women's rights, including Antoinette Brown Blackwell, Eliza Burt Gamble, Helen Hamilton Gardener, Charlotte Perkins Gilman, and Elizabeth Cady Stanton. These Darwinian feminists believed evolutionary science proved that women were not inferior to men, that it was natural for mothers to work outside the home, and that women should control reproduction. The practical applications of this evolutionary feminism came to fruition, it si shown, in the early thinking and writing of the American birth control pioneer Margaret Sanger. In contrast to the extensive scholarship that has been dedicated to analyzing what Darwin and other males evolutionists had to say about women, this work offers information on what women themselves had to say about evolution. -- From book jacket.
Nonzero : the logic of human destiny
This thing of darkness
Guns, germs, and steel : the fates of human societies
Wallace, Darwin, and the origin of species
Moral Minds : The Nature of Right and Wrong
History and philosophy of science. 21, Evolutionary theory and Christian belief : the unresolved conflict
Religion and the challenges of science
New insights on the role of ecology and life-history in social evolution
Only now is Alfred Russel Wallace beginning to get his long overdue recognition. In his own time he was acknowledged as joint author, with Darwin, of the theory of evolution by natural selection. Since then, the bright light shone on Darwin's achievements has cast Wallace into shadow. Alfred Russel Wallace: Explorer, Evolutionist, Public Intellectual shows how Wallace's independent discovery of natural selection was no mere flash of inspiration, but the outcome of many years of study and reflection on his extraordinary early life as a field naturalist in South America and the rain forests of the 'Malay Archipelago'. Surviving fever and insect bites on the Amazon, he was shipwrecked with the loss of most of his notes and collections on his return journey. Astonishingly, within two years he was preparing for his second major expedition, this time to South East Asia, and for a stay of eight challenging years. It was here that he made his great scientific breakthrough, and provoked Darwin into prompt publication of his origin. Wallace used his experience in the tropics as the basis for his next major achievement – a classic work that established biogeography as a scientific specialism of great importance for today's urgent challenge to protect the world's biodiversity. As if this were not enough, Wallace became a bold and controversial public figure, campaigning on such issues as compulsory vaccination, parliamentary reform, and the rights of workers and colonised peoples. he was for many years president of the Land Nationalisation Society, and an ardent critic of the injustices of 19th century capitalism. Later in his life he engaged with radical thinkers such as William Morris, Edward Bellamy, Henry George, Robert Blatchford and Ebeneza Howard in envisaging just and sustainable alternative social and economic futures. Alfred Russel Wallace: Explorer, Evolutionist, Public Intellectual gives a succinct account ofWallace's life, before going on to analyse in more detail the development of his ideas on natural selection, his disputes with Darwin on sexual selection and human evolution, and the development of his political ideas. In each topic, Benton brings the story up to date, and assesses Wallace's ideas in the light of today's thinking.
Evolution and the big questions : sex, race, religion, and other matters
Stephen Jay Gould and the politics of evolution
There is a mystery surrounding Darwin: How did this quiet, respectable gentleman, a pillar of his parish, come to embrace one of the most radical ideas in the history of human thought? Darwin risked a great deal in publishing his theory of evolution, so something very powerful--a moral fire--must have propelled him. That moral fire, argue authors Desmond and Moore, was a passionate hatred of slavery. They draw on a wealth of fresh manuscripts, correspondence, notebooks, diaries, and even ships' logs to show how Darwin's abolitionism had deep roots in his mother's family and was reinforced by his voyage on the Beagle as well as by events in America. Leading apologists for slavery in Darwin's time argued that blacks and whites were separate species, with whites created superior. Darwin believed that the races belonged to the same human family, and slavery was therefore a sin.--From publisher description.
Darwin's Origin of species : a biography
Profligate descent : the cultural transformations of evolutionary narrative
Neodarwinism in organization and management
From Eve to evolution : Darwin, science, and women's rights in Gilded Age America
An evolutionary approach to entrepreneurship : selected essays by Howard E. Aldrich
Purpose in the living world? : creation and emergent evolution
Beyond cartesian dualism : encountering affect in the teaching and learning of science
Creation by evolution : a consensus of present-day knowledge as set forth by leading authorities in non-tevhnical language that all may understand
The whole creature : complexity, biosemiotics and the evolution of culture
Mathematics of evolution and phylogeny
The origin of species : by means of natural selection of the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life
Secular philosophy and the religious temperament : essays 2002-2008
Abstract: Grandparental investments and family dynamics in contemporary Europe.
Incest aversion : the evolutionary roots of individual regulation
Theological and scientific commentary on Darwin's Origin of species
Evolutionary design optimization with Nash games and hybridized mesh/meshless methods in computational fluid dynamics
Evolutionary aesthetics
Vestiges of the natural history of creation
Science and religion in dialogue
The descent of man
Selected : why some people lead, why others follow, and why it matters
Aping mankind : neuromania, Darwinitis and the misrepresentation of humanity
Darwin's ghosts : in search of the first evolutionists
Knowledge and learning in natural language
What Darwin really said : Connected extracts from the "Origin of species"
The rough guide to evolution
Before and after Darwin : origins, species, cosmogonies, and ontologies
The evolution of religion : studies, theories, & critiques
Here be dragons : how the study of animal and plant distributions revolutionized our views of life and earth
Darwin for beginners
Beyond god : evolution and the future of religion
Insect phylogeny
Why evolution is true
Charles Darwin
Monkey girl : evolution, education, religion, and the battle for America's soul
Natural selection and beyond : the intellectual legacy of Alfred Russel Wallace
How the zebra got its stripes and other Darwinian just so stories
The groaning of creation : God, evolution, and the problem of evil
Darwin's pictures : views of evolutionary theory, 1837-1874
Arrival of the fittest : solving evolutions greatest puzzle
Summer for the gods : the Scopes trial and America's continuing debate over science and religion
Nature and Scripture in the Abrahamic religions : 1700 - present. Volume 2
Biology and social thought, 1850-1914 / : Peter J. Bowler
H. G. Bronn, Ernst Haeckel, and the origins of German Darwinism : a study in translation and transformation
Evolution and morality
Darwin and design : does evolution have a purpose?
A duck for Mr. Darwin : evolutionary thinking & the struggle to exist, Baltic Centre for Contemporary Art, Gateshead, 10 April - 20 September 2009 : Mead Gallery, Warwick Art Centre, University of Warwick, 10 October - 19 December 2009 / edited by Alessandro Vincentelli ; texts by Godfrey Worsdale ... [et al.]
Leaps and bounds : towards an integrative theory of cultural evolution
How we became human : mimetic theory and the science of evolutionary origins
Summary
This collection is an interdisciplinary edited volume that examines the circulation of Darwinian ideas in the Atlantic space as they impacted systems of Western thought and culture. Specifically, the book explores the influence of the principle tenets of Darwinism -- such as the theory of evolution, the ape-man theory of human origins, and the principle of sexual selection -- on established transatlantic intellectual traditions and cultural practices. In doing so, it pays particular attention to how Darwinism reconfigured discourses on race, gender, and sexuality in a transnational context. Covering the period from the publication of The Origin of Species (1859) to 1933, when the Nazis (National Socialist Party) took power in Germany, the essays demonstrate the dissemination of Darwinian thought in the Western world in an unprecedented commerce of ideas not seen since the Protestant Reformation. Learned societies, literary groups, lyceums, and churches among other sites for public discourse sponsored lectures on the implications of Darwin's theory of evolution for understanding the very ontological codes by which individuals ordered and made sense of their lives. Collectively, these gatherings reflected and constituted what the contributing scholars to this volume view as the discursive power of the cultural politics of Darwinism.
Darwin's cathedral : evolution, religion, and the nature of society
Evolution : a view from the 21st century
Saving Darwin : how to be a Christian and believe in evolution
Symbiogenesis : a new principle of evolution
The Kingfisher book of evolution
Evolution and the Victorians : science, culture and politics in Darwin's Britain
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
In the light of evolution : essays from the laboratory and field
Signature in the cell : DNA and the evidence for intelligent design
Darwin's sacred cause : race, slavery and the quest for human origins
No free lunch : why specified complexity cannot be purchased without intelligence
Darwin's sacred cause : how a hatred of slavery shaped Darwin's views on human evolution
On the origin of species : by means of natural selection or the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life
Nature and Scripture in the Abrahamic religions : 1700 - present. Volume 1
Visions of compassion : Western scientists and Tibetan Buddhists examine human nature
More than a theory : revealing a testable model for creation
Evolution and religion : a dialogue
Gender, sexuality and reproduction in evolutionary narratives
Walking with cavemen : First ancestors : Blood brothers
An urchin in the storm : essays about books and ideas
Cultural evolution : how Darwinian theory can explain human culture and synthesize the social sciences
A unified theory of creationism : argumentation, experiential thinking and emerging doctrine
New perspectives on the origins of language
Evolution vs. creationism : an introduction
The creation : secular, Jewish, Catholic, Protestant, and Muslim perspectives analyzed
The image of God : creation or evolution
Remarkable creatures : epic adventures in the search for the origins of species
Religion and science: an introduction
Evolution : the history of an idea
Phylogenetics : the theory of phylogenetic systematics
The arrival of the fittest : solving evolution's greatest puzzle
The extended selfish gene
The autobiography of Charles Darwin
Human nature and the evolution of society
Time to be rational : Darwin, demons, and sex
The non-Darwinian revolution : reinterpreting a historical myth
Darwin in Atlantic cultures : evolutionary visions of race, gender, and sexuality
Charles Darwin : 3 dokumenttia
Grandparental investments and family dynamics in contemporary Europe
Darwinism and its discontents
Since the early 1990s, evolutionary psychology has produced widely popular visions of modern men and women as driven by their prehistoric genes. In Gender, Sexuality and Reproduction in Evolutionary Narratives, Venla Oikkonen explores the rhetorical appeal of evolutionary psychology by viewing it as part of the Darwinian narrative tradition. Through popular, literary and scientific texts, the book identifies both the imaginative potential and the structural weaknesses in evolutionary narratives, opening them up for feminist and queer revision. This book will be of interest to students and scholars of the humanities and social sciences, particularly in gender studies, cultural studies, literature, sexualities, and science and technology studies.
How God acts : creation, redemption, and special divine action
Honey flows through fertile valleys : the cognitive and evolutionary foundations of paradise representations
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Charles Darwin is often credited with discovering natural selection, but the idea was not his alone. The naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace, working independently, saw the same process at work and elaborated much the same theory. Their important scientific contributions made both men famous in their lifetimes, but Wallace slipped into obscurity after his death, while Darwin's renown grew. Dispelling the misperceptions that continue to paint Wallace as a secondary figure, James Costa reveals the two naturalists as true equals in advancing one of the greatest scientific discoveries of all time. Analyzing Wallace's "Species Notebook," Costa shows how Wallace's methods and thought processes paralleled Darwin's, yet inspired insights uniquely his own. Kept during his Southeast Asian expeditions of the 1850s, the notebook is a window into Wallace's early evolutionary ideas. Most important, it demonstrates conclusively that natural selection was not some idea Wallace stumbled upon, but the culmination of a decade-long quest to solve the mystery of the origin of species.--From publisher description.
Understanding faith : religious belief and its place in society
The religion and science debate : why does it continue?
On the origin of species
Special issue : art, mind, and cognitive science
Scottish author, publisher, and bookseller Robert Chambers knew that the radical theories about natural evolution he was espousing in this groundbreaking work would be controversial, so he published anonymously in 1844, and kept his identity a secret until 1884, long after Charles Darwins seminal Origin of Species had changed the tenor of modern scientific discourse. Indeed, Darwin praised Chambers daring, calling his book an excellent service that had swept away prejudice and prepared the public for introduction to Darwins similar ideas, for Chambers anticipated Darwin with his discussions of: the geological formation of the earth hypotheses on the development of the plant and animal kingdoms the early history of mankind and much more. Anyone interested in the history of science, the study of evolution, or the politics of science in the 19th century will enjoy this historic book.
In quest of the science of education : from reductionistic discourse to systemic theory
Back to Darwin : a richer account of evolution
Science and religion : are they compatible?
Over the centuries, scientists, theologians and the general public share many questions about the implications of scientific discoveries for classical religious ideas. Trained both as a physicist and a theologian, Ian Barbour is qualified to examine the relationship between religion and science. It is the sum of all he has learned and taught in his career. He explores creation and the big bang, quantum physics and ultimate reality, evolution and continuing creation, genetics and human nature, God and nature as well as numerous other topics. The book covers all the elements likely to be included in the syllabus of a university course.
The origin of species
Evolution : the first four billion years
Sapiens : a brief history of humankind
"One hundred fifty years ago, Charles Darwin revolutionized biology, but did he refute intelligent design (ID)? In Signature in the Cell, Stephen Meyer argues that he did not. Signature in the Cell is the first book to make a comprehensive case for intelligent design based upon DNA. Meyer embarks on an odyssey of discovery as he investigates current evolutionary theories and the evidence that ultimately led him to affirm intelligent design."--BOOK JACKET.
Presenting an ardent defence of Charles Darwin's theory of evolution, this book offers a clear and comprehensive exposition of Darwin's thinking. Michael Ruse brings the story up to date, examining the origins of life, the fossil record, and the mechanism of natural selection. Rival theories are explored, from punctuated equilibrium to human evolution (including the recently found 'hobbits', Homo floresiensis). The philosophical and religious implications of Darwinism are discussed, including a discussion of Creationism and its modern day offshoot, Intelligent Design Theory. Ruse draws upon the most recent discoveries, writing with a minimum of jargon in order to appeal to all readers, from professional biologists to those concerned that Darwinism is a naturalistic religion that is forced on school children despite their own Christian convictions. Openly revealing his own beliefs, Ruse presents readers with all the information and critical tools they need to make an informed decision on evolutionary theory.
