http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2190 cultural differences
cultural differences
The invisible girls : a memoir
Trends in art education from diverse cultures
Organizational psychology in cross-cultural perspective
A transcultural view of women living with breast cancer : living with an uncertain certainty : a systematic literature review
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Doing business internationally : the resource book to business and social etiquette
The new rules of international negotiation : building relationships, earning trust, and creating influence around the world
Conditions supporting trust development in relation to the perceived risks in Finnish-Russian business relationships
Culture shock : Russia
Doing business in China
Western performance management system - does it work in China
Design guidelines for map mashups visualizing point data
Analysis of best practices and used methods in research articles of culturally competent care : applied systematic literature review
Difference and cultures in Europe
A multi-country study of value systems and their relationship to the degree of standardization feasible in international advertising
Leadership, discourse, and ethnicity
Building and maintaining relationships with computer mediated communication : cultural differences in internet use and role
Transcultural odysseys : the evolving global consciousness
"I'm not like Indian women" : reflections of young European women in Varanasi, India
A certain smile
Bear meets Dragon : Cooperation and cross-cultural communication between the companies from Northern Satakunta and People's republic of China
Attitude of student nurses` toward people with disabilities
Culture pack : intercultural comunication resources for trainers
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Promoting academic resilience in multicultural America : factors affecting student success
French Expatriate Family Adjustment During the OL3-Project
Formulation of market strategy for the Russian market : Case: Jessup Manufacturing Company
Intercultural teaching and learning : English as a foreign language education in Finland and Japan
Knowledges : what different peoples make of the world
Intercultural communication from managerial perspective : challenges and ways to overcome them
Finland, cultural lone wolf
Encountering differences : study and learning environment culture-shock in Finland : (the case of Asian first year international students)
Cultural Differences in Internship Abroad Examined against Hofstede`s Model
Behavioural regulation, mental toughness, and achievement goals : a cross-cultural comparison between Singaporean and Finnish youth athletes
Adapting to a Finnish workplace : case : occupational immigration of Chinese metal workers
Meeting Hong Kong tourism market with Finnish Products - A Case Study of Kuhmo Chamber Music Festival
Are organizational cultural distances affected by another human factor : innovativeness?. Part II [1]
Influence of cultural differences on Finnish-Chinese cooperation at UPM-Kymmene's three Asian sales offices
Intercultural communication : an advanced resource book
Cognitive changes in reader-evoked frames : culture-specific references in Edna O'Brien's The Country Girls and its Finnish translation
Cultural differences and localization in user interfaces
Journey to the river sea
International business : the new realities
Integrity in business : developing ethical behavior across cultures and jurisdictions
Comparison of Finnish and Spanish business cultures
The Asian insider : unconventional wisdom for Asian business
Love and parenthood in an intercultural family
Managing in different cultures
Meeting the Hong Kong tourism market with Finnish products : a Case Study of the Kuhmo Chamber Music Festival
The Cross-cultural Introduction in the International Facility Management Program IFMP
Cultural diversity and the curriculum. 3, The foundation subjects and religious education in primary schools
International Club for International Students in Higher Education : Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences
Cultural similarity and dissimilarity in intercultural conflicts
Sexual communication among intercultural couples with a Finnish partner
How Finnish companies use social media in China, and are cultural differences taken into account?
The tremor of forgery
Children, place and indentity : nation and locality in middle childhood
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Changes in the food habits of Chinese students after migration to Helsinki, Finland
CULTURAL ISSUES IN FINNISH AND CHINESE PRACTICAL BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS : Case: Varkaus Paper Machine Dismantling Project
Analysis of differences in buying behaviour between Asian customers and western customers in luxury watch market
Cross-cultural business behavior : marketing, negotiating, sourcing and managing across cultures
Students' expectation toward service of recruiment agencies in Vietnam
Developing a business plan for a company in Finland owned by foreigners. Case: Prime Sails Ltd
Few voices, many worlds : toward a media reform movement
Relating Hofstede's dimensions of culture to international variations in print advertisements: a comparison of appeals
Marhaban bika ilá al-'alam, ayyuha al-walid! = Welcome to the world baby!
Settlement process of Afghan immigrant women based on cultural perspective in Finland
Therapy, ideology, and social change : mental healing in urban Ghana
Navigating cross-cultural ethics : what global managers do right to keep from going wrong
Turning bricks into jade : critical incidents for mutual understanding among chinese and americans
Finnish-Russian cross-border cooperation : the importance of cultural differences to the success of EU-funded projects
Benny and Omar
Transitions across schools and cultures
Abstarct: Negotiations with Russians : lessions from German managers.
Forbidden fruits : taboos and tabooism in culture
Revolutionary multiculturalism : pedagogies of dissent for the new millenium
Critical success factors of Finnish-Mexican interpersonal communication in the business context
Race and culture
The valley of amazement
Deep culture : the hidden challenges of global living
The lowland : a novel
The effects of intercultural differences on an international marketing mix strategy
Migrant friendly hospital : a literature review
International management : managing across borders and cultures
Pre-departure training : Finnish expatriates assigned to China
Social identification and group cohesiveness in a multicultural work group
Comprehensive multicultural education : theory and practice
Cultural diversity and the curriculum. 2, Cross-curricular contexts, themes and dimensions in secondary schools
Marketing across cultures
Finnish summary.
As great as the world
A study on investigating the possible introduction of a Finnish rye bread product into the British market and the possible barriers.
Conformity and conflict : readings in cultural anthropology
Essays on current account imbalances
Experience-based knowledge and cultural differences: a survey of international FUAS students : Experience-based knowledge and cultural differences: a survey of international FUAS students
Cultural differences in innovation championing strategies
Abstract: The world is definitely becoming smaller due to advances in transport and communications. Technology combined with the development of a world economy have resulted in people from different nations, cultures, languages and backgrounds now communicating, meeting and doing business with one another more than ever. Very few businesses can escape the need to at some point in time deal with foreign colleagues, clients or customers. Business is international and if an organisation wants to develop and grow it needs to harness the potential an international stage offers.  Negotiations are a frequent part of international business. Parties involved in a negotiation face different problems in reaching a successful outcome. When the parties have different cultural bacgrounds the faced problems becomes more complex. The West (UK) and the East (India) have attracted many experts to make a comparison because distinguished differences do exist in the two kinds of cultures and are the deep-seated reasons as to why negotiation styles differ between the UK and Indian business people.
Finnishness in cross cultural interaction in international engineering projects
101 silly stories from cheerful China : China Daily Hotpot Column collection
Transcultural nursing - a book of readings
Attitudes towards suicide among Master's degree students : a cross-cultural comparison between China and Finland
The role of cultural differences in the transfer of technology
What is intercultural communication competence in the context of the European Parliament? : perceptions about the required intercultural skills from the perspective of Finnish members of the European Parliament
Cultural Chameleons and Teamwork Terminators − Promoting Intercultural Management in the Baltic Sea Region PIM 2009 as Intercultural Teamwork
Broadening the horizon of linguistic politeness
Informal social control of drinking : Finland in the light of international comparison
Text-linguistic features in Finnish and Anglo-American textbooks and textbook translations
Cultural differences in spa tourism and the expectations of Finnish spa goers
Listen to the emerging markets of Southeast Asia : long-term strategies for effective partnerships
Imagining the other : orientalism and occidentalism in Tamil-European relations in South India
On becoming bicultural : language competence, acculturation and cross-cultural adjustment of expatriates in China
Conflicts and multicultural team : Developing competencies for managers
Adaptation and Management of Asian Employees in the Finnish Working Environment : Case-company ABB Oy
Marketing insights for the Asia Pacific
Cognitive and attributional strategies of American and Finnish young adults
Cross-cultural problems in international business : the role of the cultural integration function
Accessing health care : a look into the culture of foreigners living in Salo, Finland for better service provision
Therapy across culture
Nuunuu, adduunka ku su dhawow! = Welcome to the world baby!
Bear meets dragon : Cooperation between the companies from Pori region and People's Republic of China
Problems of culture and cultural values in the contemporary world
Study abroad and career identity : three narratives of English language students' journeys to English-speaking countries
The position of the finnish intelligentsia in the European cultural mainstream : Education, knowledge and the integration of Europe
Counseling the culturally diverse : theory and practice
Globally distributed knowledge sharing in social software environments : barriers and interventions
Cultural Integration of Cross-Border M&A Activities in the Chinese Auto Industry : Case Study: the Acquisition of Geely and Volvo
A passage to India
Marketing mix across cultures : A case study: Binh Quoi Tourist Village's wedding services to France and Japan
Bear Meets Dragon  : Experiences of cooperation between Pori region's educational and research and development organizations and China
Cultural diversity sourcebook : getting real about diversity
Essential do's and taboos : the complete guide to international business and leisure travel
Ikea success in chinese furniture
Transcultural mursing : transforming the profession
Information systems in context : building a tool for analysing the sociotechnical context of organisational information systems
Orgnisational communication in a multinational corporation : a case study of communication between a Finnish headquarters and its Swedish subsidiary
This book offers in-depth analysis of new technologies in blended learning that promote creativity, critical thinking, and meaningful learning combining expert perspectives from international scholars enabling researchers, academicians, and practitioners to devise innovative Web-based learning approaches.
Are organizational cultural distances affected by another human factor : innovativeness? Part I
Smilla's sense of snow
Australia's moniculturalism as a model for other countries
Doing business with Japan : successful strategies for intercultural communication
CROSS-CULTURAL DIFFERENCES OF LEADERS : The Perception of the Chinese Working in Finland
Challenges and opportunities : being a foreign entrepreneur in Finland
The Effect of Culture on the Sales Process Within a Global Company. Case Company ABB Oy Distribution Automation Sales Unit.
Russian an German business environment: cultural comparative study
What are the biggest cultural factor-related challenges for Finnish SMEs while doing business with the Chinese?  : case: real voice from three businessmen
How to integrate international students into private and business life in Ylivieska region
Differences in the consumption of confectionery products in Russia, England and Finland from the perspective of marketing mix
Comparative blended learning practices and environments
The best exotic Marigold Hotel
Muslim Immigrants' Experiences And Expectations in the Finnish Healthcare System
A transcultural view of women living with breast cancer: living with an uncertain certainty : a systematic literature review
The geography of thought : how asians and westerners think differently...and why
The ethnography of communication : an introduction
Changes and challenges in internal communications in post-acquisition integration
Psychosocial support after traumatic experience : helpers' perspectives from different cultures
Transcultural mursing : discovery and challenges
Why do some country's hi-tech firms innovate better than others? Why did hi-tech firms from the United States outperform such Japanese companies in the 1990s? Through a wealth of empirical evidence, the book compares the development trajectory of manufacturing technology and information technology both between Japanese companies and between companies based in the US, Europe, Australia, India and China. This book shows that institutional systems such as culture, tradition, consumers and local business practices play key roles in how companies develop technology. These factors also influence the very characteristics of the products that the hi-tech firms produce. With a number of case studies the author demonstrates how the most successful and innovative companies recognize these roles and incorporate them into their practices.
Exploring corporate culture and communication in Finnish and Italian business environment : Case: Prima Finn-Power Group
Negotiations with Russians : lessons from German managers
Persuading for change : the impact of culture on the principles of authority and social proof
European business
Multicultural Leadership Strategies : case: Company X, Poland
See what I mean : differences between deaf and hearing cultures
Challenges of business negotiation communications between Finnish and Eastern European companies: a comparative study of ICT and agriculture sectors
Cultural Problems That Expatriates From Balkan are Facing in Finland
Hav : comprising last letters from Hav ; Hav of the Myrmidons
"Don't forget the peanut butter, George! : fun and funny times abroad
The organisational culture and management of Finnish organisations in St. Petersburg : a multiple case study
A study of Negotiation Styles : Between business managers from UK and Indian cultural backgrounds
Abstract: A study on investigating the possible introduction of a Finnish rye bread product into the British market and the possible barriers. The research question in this dissertation is: Investigating the possibility to introduce a Finnish rye bread brand called 'Ruispalat' into the British consumer market and what are the possible barriers this product may face? This dissertation will look at the possibility of introducing an iconic Finnish rye bread brand into the British market. The product investigated in this study is called 'Ruispalat'. This particular bread is the most eaten bread in Finland for years. There are many health benefits, like the fact that with fiber you also get antioxidants, vitamins and minerals. It naturally helps to lower your cholesterol and decrease the risk of cancer and diabetes. Recommendation for the daily fiber intake is between 25-23g and one slice of 'Ruispalat' has 5.5 grams of fiber. Despite of its popularity in the Nordic countries, a matching product cannot be found on sale in the United Kingdom. The purpose is to identify differences between Finnish and British cultures and investigate how these differences affect the demand for the product. This dissertation also aims at discovering differences between the implications of the relevant literature and implications of the cross-sectional research. The research hypothesis for this is that the British have different taste preferences and that 'Ruispalat will face barriers associated with cultural differences. The research hypothesis is based on that people have strong variations of values, tastes, habits and preferences, large part of which is due to and affected by national culture. These factors affect the consumer response for 'Ruispalat' in the British market. The purpose of this dissertation is to investigate the kind of literature and information there is already available on this topic and how these can be of use in this particular case of 'Ruispalat'. Additionally, the objective is to find out what British people think about the product and whether they would buy it if it was available in the British market and reasons behind the answers to these questions. This dissertation also aims at identifying possible gaps in the literature or theories that ignore some aspects considered important in this dissertation. This dissertation will be significant in terms of providing information about how members of the British culture respond to the product. This information is based on quantitative research.
Managing innovation in Japan : the role institutions play in helping or hindering how companies develop technology
Cairo : a graphic novel
Bear Meets Dragon - cross-cultural research on the business relations between the companies from southern Satakunta region and China
When teams collide : managing the international team successfully
Advances in psychological science = Récents développements en psychologie scientifique : congress proceedings = actes du congrès. Vol. 1, Social, personal, and cultural aspects = Aspects sociaux, personnels et culturels
Effective multicultural teams : theory and practice
A Finnish company's entry to Hungarian markets
A study on investigating the possible introduction of a Finnish rye bread product into the British market and the possible barriers
Impact of cross national differences on international marketing research
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
How culture affects management?
Culture-specific advertising in international markets : case on advertising in islamic countries
A study of negotiation styles : between business managers from UK and Indian cultural backgrounds
The beggar & the hare : a novel
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Teamwork in operating room nursing : conceptual perspective and Finnish, British and American nurses' and nursing students' experiences
Theoretical and methodological challenges of cross-cultural interaction design
European identities : cultural diversity and integration in Europe since 1700
Thinking through cultures : expeditions in cultural psychology
Provenance of cultural colour meanings : The Green Hat and other narratives from Sino-Finnish business encounters
The implications of culture in business and the Cultural dimensions of Finland and India : A study of cultural Dimensions
Completely updated,Counseling the Culturally Diverse: Theory and Practice, Sixth Edition is the most widely used and critically acclaimed text on multicultural counseling, offering students and professionals essential and thought-provoking material on the theory, research, and practice of multicultural counseling. The new edition presents the newest research in the field of multicultural counseling, as well as an expanded section on microaggressions. With its unique conceptual framework for multicultural therapy, this book remains the best source of real-world counseling preparation for students and the most enlightened, influential guide for professionals.
Developing a Guide for Internship in Spain. Case: Spain Internship SC
Entrepreneurship and culture
Cross cultural analysis of the influence of humor on organizational dissent in the US, Korea, Japan, and China
Bridging entrepreneurship education between Russia and Finland : Conference proceedings 2013
Muslim immigrants' experiences and expectations in the Finnish health care system
Business guide to Ethiopia for businesses from Finland  & other developed countries
Abstract: The organisational culture and management of Finnish organisations in St. Petersburg.
Goodbye, Columbus and five short stories
Studies of a psychocultural approach to families in therapy
Intercultural differences in the nonverbal communication of Finnish, French and American politicians
The adjustment of Finnish expatriates in Britain with special reference to communicative comperence : a case study
Negotiating across cultures
Abstract: Breast cancer is one of the main leading causes of death among women worldwide. In finland around 4 000 new cases are being diagnosed every year. Because the amount of foreigners is growing at the same time, part of these newly diagnosed cases are among foreign women. That is why we need to be more aware of their needs. The purpose of this literature review was to explore women's, whose cultural background varies, experiences of breast cancer and how they cope with it.    The literature review was based on scientific research articles. The data was collected by using a systematic literature review. The data was collected by using database search and manual search at the school libarary. Altogether 10 articles were found. The articles included studies from Pakistan, Brazil, United States, Norway, Chine, Iran, Chile, Australia and Lebanon. All of the 10 scientific articles were analyzed by using inductive content analysis.    The findings of this literature review showed many similarities among the women regardless of the women's origins. 'Time of diagnosis a huge shock' and 'wanting to hide the diagnosis' were themes that emerged from the majority of the studies. The countries where religion greatly influenced every day life, religion was concidered one of the main aspects of coping. Family's support was also mentioned as crucial during the coping period throughout the studies.    The articles showed that even the women, whose origins are the same, are not a homogeneous group, eventhough this literature review was concentrating more on the similarities women from different cultures have. Every woman is an individual and should always be treated according to her individual needs. Each woman diagnosed with breast cancer is an individual and that is why the experience is unique as well.
Miss Smilla's feeling for snow
Using Chinese in China - challenges and opportunities : a case study of three Finnish sojourners
How finnish exchange students experienced culture shock in People's Republic of China
Selling to Russia and cultural differences affect the selling process
No zoo : ethnic civility and its cultural regulation among the staff of a Finnish high-tech company
Instructional Strategies, Discipline and Children’s Participation in Educational Institutions for Children under Three-Years-Old : Cases from Brazil and Finland
Diversity as resource : redefining cultural literacy
'In search of assessment feedback' : student view on the Finnish and British higher education
The dance of life : the other dimension of time
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
"We are human beings" : a study on friendship and ethnicity in a finnish elementary school classroom
Cultural competence in health education and health promotion
Complaint Management and Cross Cultural Differences
Leaves of Narcissus
Influence of cultural difference on mobile user experience : a case study of the Nokia phone in Japanese mobile culture
Multicultural View on Package Design : Scandinavian and Asian Design, Focus on Finland and Korea
