http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21937 gay culture
gay culture
Fear of a queer planet : queer politics and social theory
The fierce tribe : masculine identity and performance in the Circuit
The Gender/Sexuality Reader is a sophisticated survey which contextualizes gender and sexuality in a matrix of varied racial formations, nationalisms, colonialisms, imperialisms and movements for social change. Contributors include: Lila Abu-Lughod, Janice Boddy, Susan Bordo, Judith Butler, Jane Collier, Jane L. Collins, Teresa de Lauretis, Janadas Devan, Micaela di Leonardo, John D'Emilio, Ann Fausto-Sterling, Susan Gal, David F. Greenberg, Matthew Gutman, Jacalyn D. Harden, Lori L. Heise, Geraldine Heng, Darlene Clark Hine, Evelyn Fox Keller, Roger Lancaster, Thomas Laqueur, Catherine A. Lutz, Emily Martin, Richard Parker, Cindy Patton, Rosalind Petchesky, Elizabeth A. Povinelli, Rayna Rapp, Michelle Rosaldo, Ellen Ross, Lousia Schein, Nancy Scheper-Hughes, Amartya Sen, Elizabeth Sheehan, Siobhan Somerville, Susan Sperling, Judith Stacey, Arlene Stein, Ann Stoler, Carole S. Vance, Sylvia Yanagisako, and Patricia Zavella.
In Post-Queer Politics, Ruffolo looks at the work of Foucault, Butler, Bakhtin, Deleuze, Guattari and others in his creative refocus on the queer/heteronormative dyad that has largely consumed queer studies and contemporary politics. He offers a radical and intersectional new way of thinking about class, race, sex, gender, sexuality and ability that extends beyond queer studies to be truly transdisciplinary in its focus and political implications. It will appeal to readers across a range of subjects, including gender and sexuality studies, philosophy, cultural studies, political science, and education.
Outrage : a magazine for lesbians and gay men
Spartacus. 2011/2012 : international gay guide
Gay and lesbian tourism : the essential guide for marketing
Homintern : how gay culture liberated the modern world
Further tales of the city
Displacing homophobia : gay male perspectives in literature and culture
A history of homosexuality in Europe : Berlin, London, Paris, 1919-1939. I-II
A dangerous knowing : sexuality, pedagogy and popular culture
In Melancholia and Moralism, Douglas Crimp confronts the conservative gay politics that replaced the radical AIDS activism of the late 1980s and early 1990s. He shows that the cumulative losses from AIDS, including the waning of militant response, have resulted in melancholia as Freud defined it: gay men's dangerous identification with the moralistic repudiation of homosexuality by the wider society.With the 1993 march on Washington for lesbian and gay rights, it became clear that AIDS no longer determined the agenda of gay politics; it had been displaced by traditional rights issues such as gay marriage and the right to serve in the military. Journalist Andrew Sullivan, notorious for pronouncing the AIDS epidemic over, even claimed that once those few rights had been won, the gay rights movement would no longer have a reason to exist.Crimp challenges such complacency, arguing that not only is the AIDS epidemic far from over, but that its determining role in queer politics has never been greater. AIDS, he demonstrates, is the repressed, unconscious force that drives the destructive moralism of the new, anti-liberation gay politics expounded by such mainstream gay writers as Larry Kramer, Gabriel Rotello, and Michelangelo Signorile, as well as Sullivan. Crimp examines various cultural phenomena, including Randy Shilts's bestseller And the Band Played On, the Hollywood films "Silence of the Lambs" and "Philadelphia," and Magic Johnson's HIV infection and retirement from the Los Angeles Lakers.
Queering the non/human
Same-sex cultures and sexualities : an anthropological reader
The third sex
Reading sexualities : hermeneutic theory and the future of queer studies
Inside/out : lesbian theories, gay theories
Queer love in film and television : critical essays
Queer theory : law, culture empire
Hard times : the adult musical in 1970s New York City
Social exclusion of young lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people in Europe
The many faces of homosexuality : anthropological approaches to homosexual behaviour
Lesbian studies : setting an agenda
Regarding Sedgwick : essays on queer culture and critical theory
Female desires : same-sex relations and transgender practices across cultures
Cultural studies and education : perspectives on theory, methodology, and practice
Same sex, different cultures : exploring gay and lesbian lives
Efsli 2010 conference proceedings : Synergy: moving forward together
Leisure pursuits : studies in modernity, masculinity, homosexuality and late modernity : a survey of some results
Coming out of feminism
Gay and lesbian Asia : culture, identity, community
Scandinavian Homosexualities offers non-Scandinavian readers a rare opportunity to explore the history, sociology, notions, experiences, and cultural politics of homosexuality in Scandinavian societies in English. This unique insight into some of the most advanced countries in regard to institutionalized civil rights for lesbians and gays will help you direct change and progress in your own country. Chapters in Scandinavian Homosexualities draw from a range of theoretical and methodological strands to give you an overall picture of homosexuality in Scandinavian society.
Gay subcultures and literatures : the Indian projections
Queer globalizations : citizenship and the afterlife of colonialism
From perverts to fab five : the media's changing depiction of gay people and lesbians
Ethnographic studies of homosexuality
Sapphic modernities : sexuality, women, and national culture
Two gifted and highly prolific intellectuals, Leo Bersani and Adam Phillips, here present a fascinating dialogue about the problems and possibilities of human intimacy. Their conversation takes as its point of departure psychoanalysis and its central importance to the modern imagination - though equally important is their shared sense that by misleading us about the importance of self-knowledge and the danger of narcissism, psychoanalysis has failed to realize its most exciting and innovative relational potential. In pursuit of new forms of intimacy they take up a range of concerns across a variety of contexts. To test the hypothesis that the essence of the analytic exchange is intimate talk without sex, they compare Patrice Leconte's film about an accountant mistaken for a psychoanalyst, Intimate Strangers, with Henry James's classic novella The Beast in the Jungle. A discussion of the radical practice of barebacking - unprotected anal sex between gay men - delineates an intimacy that rejects the personal. Even serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer and the Bush administration's war on terror enter the scene as the conversation turns to the way aggression thrills and gratifies the ego. Finally, in a reading of Socrates' theory of love from Plato's Phaedrus, Bersani and Phillips call for a new form of intimacy which they term "impersonal narcissism": a divestiture of the ego and a recognition of one's non-psychological potential self in others. This revolutionary way of relating to the world, they contend, could lead to a new human freedom by mitigating the horrifying violence we blithely accept as part of human nature.
Postcolonial, queer : theoretical intersections
Reading the bromance : homosocial relationships in film and television
In this book Denis M. Provencher examines the tensions between Anglo-American and French articulations of homosexuality and sexual citizenship in the context of contemporary French popular culture and first-person narratives. In the light of recent political events and the perceived hegemonic role of US forces throughout the world, an examination of the French resistance to globalization and 'Americanization', is timely in this context. He argues that contemporary French gay and lesbian cultures rely on long-standing French narratives that resist US models of gay experience. He maintains that French gay experiences are mitigated through (gay) French language that draws on several canonical voices - including Jean Genet and Jean-Paul Sartre - and various universalistic discourses. Drawing on material from a diverse array of media, Queer French draws out the importance of a French gay linguistic and semiotic tradition that emerges in contemporary textual practices and discourses as they relate to sexual citizenship in 20th- and 21st-century France. It will appeal to an interdisciplinary readership in gender and sexuality studies, cultural studies, linguistics, media and communication studies and French studies.
Lesbians and gays have gone from "coming out," to "acting up," to "outing," meanwhile radically redefining society's views on sexuality and gender. The essays in Inside/Out employ a variety of approaches (psychoanalysis, deconstruction, semiotics, and discourse theory) to investigate representations of sex and sexual difference in literature, film, video, music, and photography. Engaging the figures of divas, dykes, vampires and queens, the contributors address issues such as AIDS, pornography, pedagogy, authorship, and activism. Inside/Out shifts the focus from sex to sexual orientation, provoking a reconsideration of the concepts of the sexual and the political.
Feeling backward : loss and the politics of queer history
Inside a pearl : my years in Paris
Queer nostalgia in cinema and pop culture
Jess Goldberg decides to come out as a butch in the bars and factories of the prefeminist '60s and then to pass as a man in order to survive when she is left without work or a community in the early '70s.
Anthropology and psychoanalysis : an encounter through culture
Impossible desires : queer diasporas and South Asian public cultures
Spanish queer cinema
Rory's boys
Stone butch blues : a novel
Disidentifications : queers of color and the performance of politics
Bisexual politics : theories, queries, and visions
By bringing queer theory to bear on ideas of diaspora, Gayatri Gopinath produces both a more compelling queer theory and a more nuanced understanding of diaspora. Focusing on queer female diasporic subjectivity, Gopinath develops a theory of diaspora apart from the logic of blood, authenticity, and patrilineal descent that she argues invariably forms the core of conventional formulations. She examines South Asian diasporic literature, film, and music in order to suggest alternative ways of conceptualizing community and collectivity across disparate geographic locations. Her agile readings challenge nationalist ideologies by bringing to light that which has been rendered illegible or impossible within diaspora: the impure, inauthentic, and nonreproductive. Gopinath juxtaposes diverse texts to indicate the range of oppositional practices, subjectivities, and visions of collectivity that fall outside not only mainstream narratives of diaspora, colonialism, and nationalism but also most projects of liberal feminism and gay and lesbian politics and theory. She considers British Asian music of the 1990s alongside alternative media and cultural practices. Among the fictional works she discusses are V. S. Naipaul's classic novel A House for Mr. Biswas, Ismat Chughtai's short story “The Quilt,” Monica Ali's Brick Lane, Shyam Selvadurai's Funny Boy, and Shani Mootoo's Cereus Blooms at Night. Analyzing films including Deepa Mehta's controversial Fire and Mira Nair's Monsoon Wedding, she pays particular attention to how South Asian diasporic feminist filmmakers have reworked Bollywood's strategies of queer representation and to what is lost or gained in this process of translation. Gopinath's readings are dazzling, and her theoretical framework transformative and far-reaching.
Seismic changes took place in Western societies attitudes to homosexuality around the turn of the 20th and 21st centuries. At first, gay communities suffered from rabidly hostile responses to the AIDS epidemic. Those terrible years were followed by piecemeal legal reform and a gradual thaw in the way gayness was represented in popular culture. From the wages of sin to the commercialisation of desire, from pretend families to equal marriage, gay people were eventually sucked into the mainstream of contemporary life. But how irreversible are those changes, how secure the future they promise? Best known for his literary criticism, Gregory Woods now turns his attention to journalism, film, TV, shopping, popular fiction, cartoons, the memoirs of the Beirut hostages, desert island stories, travel brochures, Italian camp, and anything else that takes his fancy. By paying close attention to the detail, he manages to convey the broader picture of a major turning-point in Western attitudes to sexuality. These essays amply demonstrate how gay and lesbian studies, far from addressing only narrow concerns, open up fresh perspectives on some of the more intractable issues of our times.
Federico García Lorca and the culture of male homosexuality
A companion to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer studies
The myth of the last taboo: : queer subcultural studies
Survey -- Inverted Histories: 1885-1979 / Richard Meyer -- Inside the Body Politic: 1980-present -- Works -- Thresholds (1885-1909) -- Stepping Out (1910-29) -- Case Studies (1930-49) -- Closet Organizers (1950-64) -- Into the Streets (1965-79) -- Sex Wars (1980-94) -- Queer Worlds (1995-present) -- Documents -- Thresholds (1885-1909) -- Stepping Out (1910-29) -- Case Studies (1930-49) -- Closet Organizers (1950-64) -- Into the Streets (1965-79) -- Sex Wars (1980-94) -- Queer Worlds (1995-present).
The culture of queers
"In a hugely ambitious study which crosses continents, languages, and almost a century, Gregory Woods identifies the ways in which homosexuality has helped shape Western culture. Extending from the trials of Oscar Wilde to the gay liberation era, this book examines a period in which increased visibility made acceptance of homosexuality one of the measures of modernity. Woods shines a revealing light on the diverse, informal networks of gay people in the arts and other creative fields. Uneasily called "the Homintern" (an echo of Lenin's "Comintern") by those suspicious of an international homosexual conspiracy, such networks connected gay writers, actors, artists, musicians, dancers, filmmakers, politicians, and spies. While providing some defense against dominant heterosexual exclusion, the grouping brought solidarity, celebrated talent, and, in doing so, invigorated the majority culture. Woods introduces an enormous cast of gifted and extraordinary characters, most of them operating with surprising openness; but also explores such issues as artistic influence, the coping strategies of minorities, the hypocrisies of conservatism, and the effects of positive and negative discrimination. Traveling from Harlem in the 1910s to 1920s Paris, 1930s Berlin, 1950s New York and beyond, this sharply observed, warm-spirited book presents a surpassing portrait of twentieth-century gay culture and the men and women who both redefined themselves and changed history"--
Before the closet : same-sex love from Beowulf to Angels in America
Gay culture in America : essays from the field
Gay travels in the Muslim world
A coincidence of desires : anthropology, queer studies, Indonesia
Queer French : globalization, language, and sexual citizenship in France
The pink paper : Britain's only national newspaper for lesbians & gay men
Gods & monsters : a queer film classic
Gay semiotics
In defense of difference : homosexualities east and west
Conflict and counterpoint in lesbian, gay, and feminist studies
Bodies of evidence : the practice of queer oral history
Margaret Mead made me gay : personal essays, public ideas
Evelyn Blackwood and Saskia Wieringa have compiled thirteen essays from a group of historians, sociologists, and anthropologists who discuss same-sex desire among women outside the West, exploring female eroticism in such societies and cultures as India, Polynesia, Latin America, Native North America, and southern Africa.Female Desires offers compelling evidence against the commonly accepted notion that non-Western women are generally passive victims of male domination and compulsory heterosexuality. It also dispells the idea that same-sex female desire is rooted in Western neo-imperialist culture: contributors show non-Western women to be active agents of their own sexual identities. Essays include Giti Thadani on lesbian desire in ancient and modern India, Saskia Wieringa on butch-femme social types in Indonesia and Peru, and Norma Mogrovejo on the lesbian movement in Mexico.In a larger sense, the essays attempt to look past the ethnocentric categories in which sexuality, identity, and culture are often considered.
Queer sites : gay urban histories since 1600
De-centring sexualities : politics and representations beyond the metropolis
These thirteen essays address possible ramifications arising from the globalization of western notions of gay and lesbian identities. Examining postcolonial literature, economics, and psychology from a "queer" perspective leads to self-reflexive consideration of the canonization of postcolonial studies and queer theory in western academe.
Margaret Mead Made Me Gay is the intellectual autobiography of cultural anthropologist Esther Newton, a pioneer in gay and lesbian studies. Chronicling the development of her ideas from the excitement of early feminism in the 1960s to friendly critiques of queer theory in the 1990s, this collection covers a range of topics such as why we need more precise sexual vocabularies, why there have been fewer women doing drag than men, and how academia can make itself more hospitable to queers. It brings together such classics as “The Mythic Mannish Lesbian” and “Dick(less) Tracy and the Homecoming Queen” with entirely new work such as “Theater: Gay Anti-Church.” Newton's provocative essays detail a queer academic career while offering a behind-the-scenes view of academic homophobia. In four sections that correspond to major periods and interests in her life - ”Drag and Camp,” “Lesbian-Feminism,” “Butch,” and “Queer Anthropology” - the volume reflects her successful struggle to create a body of work that uses cultural anthropology to better understand gender oppression, early feminism, theatricality and performance, and the sexual and erotic dimensions of fieldwork. Combining personal, theoretical, and ethnographic perspectives, Margaret Mead Made Me Gay also includes photographs from Newton's personal and professional life. With wise and revealing discussions of the complex relations between experience and philosophy, the personal and the political, and identities and practices, Margaret Mead Made Me Gay is important for anyone interested in the birth and growth of gay and lesbian studies.
Has Queer Theory "grown out" of Feminism - in both senses? If it has, is that process a coming-out story? Despite a parallel chronology, with 1969 marking a key moment for both movements, and despite all their common and mutual debts, the political differences with which both are all too familiar affect their own relationship as well. One difference may be generational, with the 70s women's movement acting as mother or midwife to the 90s generation of queers; another may be between the overlapping but distinct debates of gender and sexuality; a third between the different situations of men and women. But do these views themselves create arbitrary and caricatural oppositions between two bodies of ideas that should remain vitally connected? This book opens up a number of original and challenging approaches to these questions, with contributors (from the fields of literature, philosophy, film studies, anthropology and psychoanalysis) including Emily Apter, Trevor Hope, Biddy Martin and Gayle Rubin.
Origins and role of same-sex relations in human societies
Spartacus : international gay guide. 2015
Images in the dark : an encyclopedia of gay and lesbian film and video
Shameless
Queering tourism : paradoxical performances at gay pride parades
Mary Ann in autumn : a tales of the city novel
Scandinavian homosexualities : essays on gay and lesbian studies
Best gay erotica. 09
Queering the underworld : slumming, literature, and the undoing of lesbian and gay history
What's queer about queer studies now?
Feeling Backward weighs the costs of the contemporary move to the mainstream in lesbian and gay culture. While the widening tolerance for same-sex marriage and for gay-themed media brings dear benefits, gay assimilation entails other losses - losses that have been hard to identify or mourn, since many aspects of historical gay culture are so closely associated with the pain and shame of the closet." "Feeling Backward makes an effort to value aspects of historical gay experience that now threaten to disappear, branded as embarrassing evidence of the bad old days before Stonewall. It looks at early twentieth-century queer novels often dismissed as "too depressing" and asks how we might value and reclaim the dark feelings that they represent. Heather Love argues that instead of moving on, we need to look backward and consider how this history continues to affect us in the present." "Through readings of Walter Pater, Willa Gather, Radclyffe Hall, and Sylvia Townsend Warner, and through stimulating engagement with a range of critical sources, Feeling Backward argues for a form of politics attentive to social exclusion and its effects.
Scholarly yet provocatively written, Academic Outlaws presents a discussion of how life in the academic world is experienced by gay men and lesbian women. Using a narrative style that mixes autobiography, case study data and fiction, William G. Tierney provides timely insight into the challenges gays and lesbians face in higher education and proposes an alternative process for redefining long-established cultural norms.
The gender/sexuality reader : culture, history, political economy
Hidden from history : reclaiming the gay and lesbian past
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Lesbian philosophies and cultures
The culture of desire : paradox and perversity in gay lives today
In this work, the author challenges what some call the "heterosexual myth," arguing that human sexuality is not as absolute as prevalent thought suggests. Drawing on historic and current data, the book instead argues that, historically, human sexuality has been ambiguous, and that very few humans are, by nature, exclusively homosexual or heterosexual. – WolrdCat.
For around a hundred years up to the Stonewall riots, the word used for gay men was 'queers'. In The Culture of Queers, Richard Dyer traces the contours of queer culture, examining the differences and continuities with the gay culture which succeeded it. Opening with a discussion of the very concept of 'queers', Dyer asks what it means to speak of a sexual grouping having a culture, and addresses issues such as gay attitudes to women and the notion of camp. From screaming queens to sensitive vampires and sad young men, and from pulp novels to pornography to the films of Fassbinder, The Culture of Queers explores the history of queer arts and media.
Translation and minority : special issue
Gay News
Academic outlaws : queer theory and cultural studies in the academy
Neither women's studies nor lesbian and gay studies offers an adequate theoretical or political base for lesbian scholarship. Lesbian Studies: Setting and Agenda aim to promote lesbian studies as an academic and political approach to both gender and the erotic, and to clarify the damaging influence of heterosexism across a range of disciplines. Drawing on feminism and queer theory, Tamsin Wilton argues that 'lesbian' is a theoretical position which must be widely available in order to challenge the dominance of the heterosexual perspective. Engaging with theoretical and political debates, the book moves beyond its role of setting an agenda for lesbian studies into a wider role as resource and catalysts for anyone interested in gender and the erotic.
Melancholia and moralism : essays on AIDS and queer politics
Queer Japan : personal stories of Japanese lesbians, gays, transsexuals, and bisexuals
Queer popular culture : literature, media, film, and television
Bodies of Evidence: The Practice of Queer Oral History is the first book to provide serious scholarly insight into the methodological practices that shape lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer oral histories. Each chapter pairs an oral history excerpt with an essay in which the oral historian addresses his or her methods and practices. With an afterword by John D'Emilio, this collection enables readers to examine the role memory, desire, sexuality, and gender play in documenting LGBTQ communities and cultures. The historical themes addressed include 1950s and '60s lesbian bar culture; social life after the Cuban revolution; the organization of transvestite social clubs in the U.S. midwest in the 1960s; Australian gay liberation activism in the 1970s; San Francisco electoral politics and the career of Harvey Milk; Asian American community organizing in pre-AIDS Los Angeles; lesbian feminist 'sex war' cultural politics; 1980s and '90s Latina/o transgender community memory and activism in San Francisco; and the war in Iraq and Afghanistan. The methodological themes include questions of silence, sexual self-disclosure and voyeurism, the intimacy between researcher and narrator, and the social and political commitments negotiated through multiple oral history interviews. The book also examines the production of comparative racial and sexual identities and the relative strengths of same-sexuality, cross-sexuality, and cross-ideology interviewing
Best gay erotica. 2012
Terrorist assemblages : homonationalism in queer times
Queer spirits : a gay men's myth book
QW : Queer World
Gay tourism : culture and context
