http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21985 basic education in the arts
basic education in the arts
New creativity paradigms : arts learning in the digital age
Visual culture in the art class : case studies
Developing the arts in primary schools : good practice in teacher education
Interdisciplinary elementary physical education
Miracle of education : the principles and practices of teaching and learning in Finnish schools
The aesthetics of play : a didactic study of play and culture in preschools
Emphasis art : a qualitative art program for elementary and middle schools
Dance at school : the manifold possibilities of dance
Why our schools need the arts
Doing art together : the remarkable Parent-Child Workshop of the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Teaching art, craft and design : a practical guide for primary and secondary teachers
Art for the fun of it : a guide for teaching young children
Object Lessons : Teaching Math Through the Visual Arts, K-5
Art in the primary school
Learning to teach art & design in the secondary school : a companion to school experience
Every child an artist! : new methods and materials for elementary art
Art curriculum activities kits : intermediate level
Play and creativity in art teaching
Music education : source readings from ancient Greece to today
How to draw anything
From periphery to center : art museum education in the 21st century
Children and their art : methods for the elementary school
Children and their art : art education for elementary and middle schools
The art and design teacher's handbook
Contemporary art and multicultural education
Improving teaching and learning in the arts
Rights of the child to the arts, culture and creativity : 2nd International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education Conference, October 9, 2009 at the University of Helsinki : post-conference book
This book introduces trainees and newly qualified primary teachers to the teaching of art and design in primary schools. It helps students gain an appreciation of what constitutes good practice in primary art and design and how they can go about achieving it. To meet the different needs of students, the book identifies varying levels of experience, creativity and confidence, and offers suggestions for applying these levels to the classroom. The book covers key areas of the art and design curriculum for Early Years Foundation Stage, Key Stage 1 and Key Stage 2, considering both their discrete a.
Reaching and teaching : students with special needs through art
Power of images : INSEA 1992
School art : what ́s in it? : exploring visual arts in secondary schools
Artful teaching : integrating the arts for understanding across the curriculum, K-8
MMADD about the arts : an introduction to primary arts education
Teaching integrated arts in the primary school : dance, drama, music and the visual arts
Primary music : later years
Traversing the flood of images : a Lacanian perspective to the reasoning for art education in the Finnish schooling system
The musical classroom : backgrounds, models, and skills for elementary teaching
The Deaf way II reader : perspectives from the second international conference on deaf culture
Muutos hinnalla millä hyvänsä? = Change at any cost?
Music in the early years
How to draw houses
Computer-aided ear-training : a contemporary approach to Kodály's music educational philosophy
Thinking and learning through drawing: in primary classrooms
Dancing in your school : a guide for preschool and elementary school teachers
Arts education in secondary schools : effects and effectiveness
Framing education as art : the octopus has a good day
Art for the family
Geometry by tiling? : Geometric thinking based on van Hiele's theory and a Tiling project of tessellations in basic education.
Assessment of schoolchildren's performance in dance
Rights of the child to the arts, culture and creativity : 2nd International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education Conference : post-conference book
Drama with children
Finnish pupils' success in international student assessment tests and the characteristics of the Finnish educational system are the focus of interest all around in the world. The significance of Finnish educational policy and societal atmosphere are continuously discussed. This book provides explanations, answers and reflections to these questions. Over 30 expert authors have contributed to this book by bringing their own specific research-based points of view. The second edition of the book introduces the new national curriculum for basic education that now provides guidelines for school-based curricula. Students' learning with engagement and schools as learning communities are core visions of the reform. The authors also reflect on the PISA 2012 results. The book gives an example on how to use PISA information for national improvements. In Finland, all evaluations are enhancement-led and this also includes PISA measurements. The book illustrates how teaching and learning of different subjects is realized in Finnish schools and describes the essential characteristics and methods of teaching, learning materials and research on these issues. The book provides important insight and reflections to international researchers, teachers, students, journalists and policy makers, who are interested in teaching and learning in Finnish schools. It shows the results of the systematic and persistent work that has been done on education and schooling in Finland. The main features of education in Finland are:Strong equity policy, teachers as autonomous and reflective academic experts, flexible educational structures and local responsibility for curriculum development, evaluation for improvements, not for ranking, no national testing, no inspectorate, research-based teacher education, teachers' high competence in content knowledge and pedagogy, trust in education and teachers.
Picture my world : photography in primary education
Art/music teachers' curriculum deliberations
The practical primary drama handbook
Teaching arts in primary schools
Music in childhood : from preschool through the elementary grades
Art teaching : elementary through middle school
Drawing at the circus
Music education : source readings from Ancient Greece to today
A retrospective : 1973-2003 essays for art teachers
Art teaching speaks to a new generation of art teachers in a changing society and fresh art world. Comprehensive and up-to-date, it presents fundamental theories, principles, creative approaches, and resources for art teaching in elementary through middle school. Key sections focus on how children make art, why they make art, the unique qualities of children's art, and how artistic development can be encouraged in school and at home. Important aspects of curriculum development, integration, evaluation, art room management, and professional development are covered. A wide range of art media with sample art activities is included. Details about teaching art history and aesthetics and coverage of the National Art Education Association teaching standards are included.
Critical studies in art & design education
Coordinating music across the primary school
Teaching art & crafts in elementary school
Theatre, education and the making of meanings : art or instrument?
Teaching primary art and design
The National Drama secondary drama teacher's handbook : a practical guide for teachers
Learning science through aesthetic experience in elementary school : aesthetic judgement, metaphor and art
The arts in the primary school
As inspirational as it is informative, this text combines the best research and practical knowledge to give music education students the necessary tools to take to their future classroom. This comprehensive text presents contemporary theories and practices of music education including strategies for developing pitch, vocal, rhythmic, instrumental, listening, movement and creative responses in children. It includes chapters on multiculturalism, motivation and management, special learners, assessment, and curriculum integration and development.
The role of art and craft in Namibian primary schools
Students' assessments of music learning experiences from kindergarten to university
Renaissance in the classroom : arts integration and meaningful learning
"Debates in Art and Design Teaching encourages student and practising teachers to engage with contemporary issues and developments in Art and Design teaching and education. It introduces key issues, concepts and tensions in order to help you develop a critical approach and respond to the changing fields of education and visual culture. Accessible, comprehensive chapters will stimulate thinking and understanding in relation to theory and practice, and help you to reach your own informed judgements and argue your point of view with deeper theoretical knowledge and understanding. With contributions from expert teachers and artists, who consider their own experience in a wide range of issues, key debates covered include: - The latest policy and initiatives in primary and secondary art education - The concepts, skills and dispositions that can be developed through art education - Tensions inherent in developing the inclusive Art and Design classroom - Partnerships across the visual arts sector - Creativity in the Art and Design curriculum - Visual art and globalisation - Digital technologies for the art classroom - Effective assessment - Combatting the demise of 'Design'. Debates in Art and Design Teaching is for all student and practising teachers interested in furthering their understanding of this exciting, ever-changing field, and supports teachers in articulating how Art and Design is a vital, engaging and necessary part of the 21st century curriculum. It includes carefully annotated further reading and reflective questions to help shape your own research and writing, and provides an essential introduction to critical thinking and contemporary debate".
Debates in art and design education
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
