http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21944 evolutionary biology
evolutionary biology
The author's principle intention is to show that whilst genomics is revealing new and previously unanticipated mechanisms and sources of variability that must be incorporated into evolutionary theory, there is no reason to dismiss the role of natural selection as the mechanism that sorts out these potentialities.
Evolution in health and disease
Cognitive biology : evolutionary and developmental perspectives on mind, brain, and behavior
Effects of environmental variation on ecological and evolutionary dynamics
Encyclopedia of evolution
The effects of inbreeding on the competitive ability of young common shrews (Sorex araneus)
In the light of evolution : essays from the laboratory and field
The life sciences in early modern philosophy
No God, No Science: Theology, Cosmology, Biology presents a work of philosophical theology that retrieves the Christian doctrine of creation from the distortions imposed upon it by positivist science and the Darwinian tradition of evolutionary biology. This book argues that the doctrine of creation is integral to the intelligibility of the world; brings the metaphysics of the Christian doctrine of creation to bear on the nature of science; offers a provocative analysis of the theoretical and historical relationship between theology, metaphysics, and science; and, presents an original critique and interpretation of the philosophical meaning of Darwinian biology -- Publisher.
I contain multitudes : the microbes within us and a grander view of life
From plant taxonomy to evolutionary biology : Leopoldina-Meeting vom 10. bis 12. Juni 2004 in Reichelsheim (Odenwald)
Evolution illuminated : salmon and their relatives
Multiple realizability in evolved and engineered biological systems
Reconstructing the past : parsimony, evolution, and inference
The facts on file dictionary of evolutionary biology
The evolution of agency and other essays
Experimental support for the cost-benefit model of lizard thermoregulation : the effects of predation risk and food supply
Microbes and evolution : the world that Darwin never saw
Haldane, Mayr, and beanbag genetics
The caveman mystique : pop-Darwinism and the debates over sex, violence, and science
Secret chambers : the inside story of cells and complex life
Life as its own designer : Darwin's origin and western thought
Survival of the beautiful : art, science, and evolution
Evolution : the first four billion years
The dialectical biologist
The genetic basis of incipient speciation in Arabidopsis lyrata
Fitness in male black grouse (Tetrao tetrix) : effects of life histories and sexual selection on male lifetime mating success
Cytology and evolution
Statistical methods for detecting signals of natural selection in the wild
The taming of evolution : the persistance of nonevolutionary views in the study of humans
The character concept in evolutionary biology
Sperm biology : an evolutionary perspective
This is biology : the science of the living world
Genetic response to pollution in sticklebacks; natural selection in the wild
Here be dragons : how the study of animal and plant distributions revolutionized our views of life and Earth
Towards a theory of development
Conservation and the genetics of populations
Mechanistic population Models in Biology: Model Derivation and Application
Only now is Alfred Russel Wallace beginning to get his long overdue recognition. In his own time he was acknowledged as joint author, with Darwin, of the theory of evolution by natural selection. Since then, the bright light shone on Darwin's achievements has cast Wallace into shadow. Alfred Russel Wallace: Explorer, Evolutionist, Public Intellectual shows how Wallace's independent discovery of natural selection was no mere flash of inspiration, but the outcome of many years of study and reflection on his extraordinary early life as a field naturalist in South America and the rain forests of the 'Malay Archipelago'. Surviving fever and insect bites on the Amazon, he was shipwrecked with the loss of most of his notes and collections on his return journey. Astonishingly, within two years he was preparing for his second major expedition, this time to South East Asia, and for a stay of eight challenging years. It was here that he made his great scientific breakthrough, and provoked Darwin into prompt publication of his origin. Wallace used his experience in the tropics as the basis for his next major achievement – a classic work that established biogeography as a scientific specialism of great importance for today's urgent challenge to protect the world's biodiversity. As if this were not enough, Wallace became a bold and controversial public figure, campaigning on such issues as compulsory vaccination, parliamentary reform, and the rights of workers and colonised peoples. he was for many years president of the Land Nationalisation Society, and an ardent critic of the injustices of 19th century capitalism. Later in his life he engaged with radical thinkers such as William Morris, Edward Bellamy, Henry George, Robert Blatchford and Ebeneza Howard in envisaging just and sustainable alternative social and economic futures. Alfred Russel Wallace: Explorer, Evolutionist, Public Intellectual gives a succinct account ofWallace's life, before going on to analyse in more detail the development of his ideas on natural selection, his disputes with Darwin on sexual selection and human evolution, and the development of his political ideas. In each topic, Benton brings the story up to date, and assesses Wallace's ideas in the light of today's thinking.
Evolutionary genomics and proteomics
Phylogeography of amphi-boreal marine fauna
Why evolution is true
Anarchy evolution : faith, science, and bad religion in a world without God
The influence of eutrophication on sexual selection
Evolution from creation to new creation : conflict, conversation, and convergence
Evolution, games, and God : the principle of cooperation
Social behaviour : genes, ecology and evolution
Reproductive conflicts and kinship in the ant Lasius flavus
Impact of land use on breeding bird populations : a case study of Vuosaari harbour construction
"Humans live in large and extensive societies and spend much of their time interacting socially. Likewise, most other animals also interact socially. Social behaviour is of constant fascination to biologists and psychologists of many disciplines, from behavioural ecology to comparative biology and sociobiology. The two major approaches used to study social behaviour involve either the mechanism of behaviour - where it has come from and how it has evolved, or the function of the behaviour studied. With guest articles from leaders in the field, theoretical foundations along with recent advances are presented to give a truly multidisciplinary overview of social behaviour, for advanced undergraduate and graduate students. Topics include aggression, communication, group living, sexual behaviour and co-operative breeding. With examples ranging from bacteria to social mammals and humans, a variety of research tools are used, including candidate gene approaches, quantitative genetics, neuro-endocrine studies, cost-benefit and phylogenetic analyses and evolutionary game theory"--Provided by publisher.
Patterns in evolution : the new molecular view
Spiderwebs and silk : tracing evolution from molecules to genes to phenotypes
Mimicking features from the natural environment : environmental enrichment during the first weeks of life reduces tail biting in domestic pigs
The dynamic genome : a Darwinian approach
The origins of evolutionary innovations : a theory of transformative change in living systems
Phylogenetic analysis of avidins and expression of novel avidins from lactrodectus hesperus and hoeflea phototrophica
The effects of eutrophication on alternative reproductive tactics in threespine stickleback
The role of the wolf spider Pardosa glacialis in a high-arctic food web
"The origin of multicellular animals is one of those difficult and delicate biological problems that have been pondered for centuries. This book summarizes recent results in phylogenetics and developmental biology that address the evolution of key innovations in metazoans. The first section covers phylogenetic issues. Focusing on nervous system and sensory organ development, the second section addresses prominent questions concerning the developmental biology of metazoan evolution. A third section discusses the evolution of pattern and process in the incredible forms of life that we call Metazoa and covers evolution of life histories and the evolution of biogeochemical aspects of metazoans. The book has over 40 illustrations and an up-to-date bibliography of over 500 references. Each chapter concludes with a set of questions for study and discussion."--
Reconciling gene family evolution and species evolution
Host-parasitoid relationship in different Cotesia melitaearum and Melitaea cinxia populations around the Baltic Sea
Ecological developmental biology : the environmental regulation of development, health, and evolution
Other minds : the octopus and the evolution of intelligent life
Most people know Greg Graffin as the lead singer of the punk band Bad Religion, but few know that he also has a Ph.D. and teaches evolution at UCLA. Here, Graffin argues that art and science have a deep connection. As an adolescent growing up when "drugs, sex, and trouble could be had on any given night," Graffin discovered that the study of evolution provided a framework through which he could make sense of the world. In this provocative and personal book, Graffin describes his own coming of age as an artist, as well as the formation of his naturalist worldview on questions involving God, science, and human meaning. While the fight between religion and science is often displayed in the starkest of terms, Graffin provides fresh and nuanced insights into the long-standing debates about atheism and the human condition.--From publisher description.
Genetic basis of society : by the origin of human inequalities
The evolution of sexuality
Animal evolution : interrelationships of the living phyla
Biology : how life works
Molecular mechanisms of sexual dimorphism in threespine stickleback
Life ascending : the ten great inventions of evolution
Precautionary management of eastern Baltic Sea cod (Gadus morhua callarias) under different environmental noise and harvest strategies
Feminism and evolutionary biology : boundaries, intersections, and frontiers
The gap : the science of what separates us from other animals
Rapidly evolving genes and genetic systems
An extended food web from Greenland : adding birds, spiders and plants to a parasitoid-lepidopteran web
Exploring the suitability of a new mitochondrial locus as a tool for population genetics in sponges of the genus Haliclona and relationships within Irish Haliclona species according to two independent loci
Introduction to ecological genomics
Macro- and microevolution of languages : exploring linguistic divergence with approaches from evolutionary biology
Social behavior and gut microbiota in wild red-bellied lemurs (Eulemur rubriventer) : in search of the role of immunity in the evolution of sociality
"The origin of multicellular animals and how multicellularity evolved is one of those difficult and delicate biological problems that has been pondered over for centuries. This book attempts to summarize some of the more recent results in phylogenetics and developmental biology that address the evolution of key innovations in metazoans. The book has three main sections. The first section contains five chapters that address the phylogenetic issues involving this part of the tree of life. Even though modern genome technology has made it possible to study these issues using a vast information database the elucidation of the relationships in this part of the tree of life continues to be elusive. The second section of the book addresses some of the more prominent questions concerning the developmental biology of metazoan evolution. The topics in this section focus on nervous system development, sensory organ development and developmental systems. The third section of the book focuses on the evolution of pattern and process in the incredible forms of life that we call Metazoa. The topics covered in this part of the book include the evolution of life histories, ecological associations and the evolution of biogeochmical aspects of metazoa. The book has over 40 illustrations and an up to date bibliography of over 500 references. Each chapter concludes with a set of questions for study and discussion to assist instructors and students in delving more deeply into the topics covered by the seventeen chapters in the book"--
Key transitions in animal evolution
Alfred Russel Wallace : explorer, evolutionist, public intellectual - a thinker for our own times?
Sex allocation
Pre-invasion history and demography shape the genetic variation in the insecticide resistance-related acetylcholinesterase 2 gene in the invasive Colorado potato beetle
The tempo and mode of evolution : a neontological reappraisal
Socio-political and economic factors as constraints for global conservation priorities
"Peter Godfrey-Smith is a leading philosopher of science. He is also a scuba diver whose underwater videos of warring octopuses have attracted wide notice. In this book, he brings his parallel careers together to tell a bold new story of how nature became aware of itself. Mammals and birds are widely seen as the smartest creatures on earth. But one other branch of the tree of life has also sprouted surprising intelligence: the cephalopods, consisting of the squid, the cuttlefish, and above all the octopus. New research shows that these marvelous creatures display remarkable gifts. What does it mean that intelligence on earth has evolved not once but twice? And that the mind of the octopus is nonetheless so different from our own? Combining science and philosophy with firsthand accounts of his cephalopod encounters, Godfrey-Smith shows how primitive organisms bobbing in the ocean began sending signals to each other and how these early forms of communication gave rise to the advanced nervous systems that permit cephalopods to change colors and human beings to speak. By tracing the problem of consciousness back to its roots and comparing the human brain to its most alien and perhaps most remarkable animal relative, Godfrey-Smith's Other Minds sheds new light on one of our most abiding mysteries." -- Goodreads.com summary.
Maternal effects as adaptations
Self comes to mind : constructing the conscious brain
Evolutionary genetics in the wild : from populations to individuals
Dung beetle communities in degraded rainforest landscapes in Madagascar
Female mating decisions and male parental care under different social contexts in common gobies
Do common goby males prefer ornamented females?
According to the reigning competition-driven model of evolution, selfish behaviors that maximize an organism's reproductive potential offer a fitness advantage over self-sacrificing behaviors--rendering unselfish behavior for the sake of others a mystery that requires extra explanation. Evolution, Games, and God addresses this conundrum by exploring how cooperation, working alongside mutation and natural selection, plays a critical role in populations from microbes to human societies. Inheriting a tendency to cooperate, argue the contributors to this book, may be as beneficial as the self-preserving instincts usually thought to be decisive in evolutionary dynamics. Assembling experts in mathematical biology, history of science, psychology, philosophy, and theology, Martin Nowak and Sarah Coakley take an interdisciplinary approach to the terms "cooperation" and "altruism." Using game theory, the authors elucidate mechanisms by which cooperation--a form of working together in which one individual benefits at the cost of another--arises through natural selection. They then examine altruism--cooperation which includes the sometimes conscious choice to act sacrificially for the collective good--as a key concept in scientific attempts to explain the origins of morality. Discoveries in cooperation go beyond the spread of genes in a population to include the spread of cultural transformations such as languages, ethics, and religious systems of meaning. The authors resist the presumption that theology and evolutionary theory are inevitably at odds. Rather, in rationally presenting a number of theological interpretations of the phenomena of cooperation and altruism, they find evolutionary explanation and theology to be strongly compatible.
This volume explores the foundations of ontogeny by asking how the development of living things should be understood. It explores key concepts of developmental biology, asks whether general principles of development can be discovered, and what the role of models and theories is in developmental biology.
A troublesome inheritance : genes, race and human history
Evolutionary biology
Spider silk : evolution and 400 million years of spinning, waiting, snagging, and mating
Human mate choice and prehistoric marital networks
Forest succession after shifting cultivation in seasonal tropical forests in Ban Kouay PDR
No God, no science? : theology, cosmology, biology
Journal of evolutionary biology
The effect of nest coverage and entrance width on the mate choice of the common goby
Readings in sociobiology
Dazzled and deceived : mimicry and camouflage
Sexual coercion in primates and humans : an evolutionary perspective on male aggression against females
Contemporary debates in philosophy of biology
Do male moor frogs (Rana arvalis) lek with kin?
Evolutionary naturalism in Victorian Britain : the 'Darwinians' and their critics
Cheats and deceits : how animals and plants exploit and mislead
Genetics of local adaptation in the three-spined stickleback
The 10,000 year explosion : how civilization accelerated human evolution
Tree thinking : an introduction to phylogenetic biology
Paleobotany : the biology and evolution of fossil plants
Presents the many threads of modern work in genetics, paleontology, geology, molecular biology, and anatomy that demonstrate the indelible stamp of the evolutionary processes first proposed by Darwin.
The genetics of behaviour and other adaptive traits in nine-spined sticklebacks (Pungitius Pungitius)
Cannibalism and conflict in Formica ants
The year in evolutionary biology, 2008.
Here be dragons : how the study of animal and plant distributions revolutionized our views of life and earth
The pony fish ́s glow : and other clues to plan and purpose in nature
The effects of habitat and human activity on daybed selection in brown bears
Of apes and ancestors : evolution, christianity, and the Oxford debate
Taxon delineation in gelechioid moths : from phylogenetics to DNA barcoding
Evolutionary systems and society : a general theory of life, mind, and culture : a publication of the General Evolution Research Group
Vaulting ambition : sociobiology and the quest for human nature
Variation in developmental mode and its effects on divergence and maintenance of populations
Interspecific interactions between gobies : effects on reproductive behavior?
This volume explores the philosophical and biological richness of twenty-first-century evolution: its concepts, methods, structure and religious implications.
Guns, germs, and steel : the fates of human societies
The ancestor's tale : a pilgrimage to the dawn of life
Essential readings in biosemiotics : anthology and commentary
Evolutionary biology : conceptual, ethical, and religious issues
The neutral theory of molecular evolution
Analysis of alpha CA genes in early vertebrates and high-invertebrates
Fitness landscapes and the origin of species
Undeniable : evolution and the science of creation
Establishment and maintenance of dominance hierarchies in signal crayfish : effects of resource availability and population density
The vital question : why is life the way it is?
The language instinct : how the mind creates language
Effective population size and the viability of the Siberian jay population of Suupohja, Finland
Tinkering with cusp patterning : developmental genetic mechanisms in mouse molar development
Animal cytology and evolution
This second edition presents how genetic information can be used to conserve threatened species, as well as manage ecologically or commercially important species.
Darwin's universe : evolution from A to Z
Insect life cycles : genetics, evolution, and co-ordination
Relentless evolution
Genomic imprinting and kinship
Modeling ecological and evolutionary processes in spatially structured populations
The beginning and the end : the meaning of life in a cosmological perspective
Promethean fire : reflections on the origin of mind
The influence of human-induced eutrophication on the honesty of sexual signalling in the three-spined stickleback (Gasterosteus aculeatus)
