http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21956 artist communities
artist communities
Unelmasta totta = Dream to reality
The Dieppe connection : the town and its artists from Turner to Braque : published to accompany the exhibition "Rendez-vous à Dieppe" : Brighton Museum and Art Gallery, 1 May - 30 June 1992 / [edited by Caroline Collier and Julia MacKenzie]
Löytöjä : kehitysvammaisten taiteen suomalainen hakuteos = Outsider art from Finland : Finnish sourcebook of art by people with intellectual disabilities
Kuulumisen ulottuvuuksia Patrick Husen taiteilijakirjaprojekti : = realms of belonging an artist book project by
Choosing craft : the artist's viewpoint
Dialogues in public art
Being in between : an ethnographic study of opera and dialogical identity construction
Chaplin and company
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2008 = Support granted by the Arts Council
Preferred realities : Soviet and post-Soviet amateur art in Novorzhev
Grez-sur-Loing revisited : the international artists' colony in a different light
The painters of Auvers-sur-Oise / Douglas Cooper
I as Me is a making-of detailing the project 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS, which was part of the official programme of Turku European Capital of Culture 2011. The project opened up a new outlook on self-portraits and autobiographical writing to all who are interested in making, studying or using art – especially for art students in higher education and those intrigued by the empowering aspects of art. The project was coordinated by the Arts Academy of Turku University of Applied Sciences. This book is based on the Finnish work Omakuva on jokaisen kuva (A Self-Portrait is a Portrait of Everyone, 2011), which was published as part of the 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS project. Some of the articles have been expanded, and also a lot of makingof material has been added, including interviews of the participants, artwork from the exhibitions, new workshop methods and other miscellaneous documentation. In this book, workshop leaders, participants, artists and researchers discuss their own ways to view, access and create self-portraits as well as autobiographical writing. Additionally, I as Me contains a wide selection of self-portraits made in numerous workshops of the 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS project, creating a fascinating period piece. Self-Portrait is diverse and personal -- (Takakansi)
T.E.H.D.A.S
Modern art and St Ives : international exchanges 1915-65
Living as form : socially engaged art from 1991-2011
The rise of the creative class : and how it's transforming work, leisure, community and everyday life
Social-specificity in practice
The pop revolution : the people who radically transformed the art world
Järven lumo : Tuusulanjärven taiteilijayhteisö : [Ateneumin taidemuseo, Helsinki] = Den förtrollande sjön : konstnärssamhället vid Tusby träsk : [Konstmuseet Ateneum, Helsingrfors] = On the shores of the lake : Tuusula Artist Community : [Ateneum Art Muse
En plein air : the art colonies at East Hampton and Old Lyme, 1880-1930 : Florence Griswold Museum, Old Lyme, Connecticut, 10 June - 30 July 1989 : Guild Hall Museum, East Hampton, New York, 18 June - 30 July 1989
Preferred realities : Soviet and Post-Soviet amateur art in Novorzhev
St Ives art pre-1890 : the dawn of the colony / David Tovey
Art and politics now
A dialogue with glass
E-flux journal reader 2009
The art colony of Gödöllő (1901-1920)
Artistic brotherhoods in the nineteenth century / edited by Laura Morowitz and William Vaughan
Art work : women artists and democracy in mid-nineteenth-century New York
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2007 = Support granted by the Arts Council
American moderns : bohemian New York and the creation of a new century
1880-erne i nordisk maleri : Statens Museum for Kunst, København, 22. marts - 19. maj 1986 / [arbejdsgruppe: Knut Berg, Bengt von Bonsdorff, Pontus Grate, Torsten Gunnarsson, Sixten Ringbom, Lars Rostrup Böyesen, Tone Skedsmo, Hanne Westergaard ; katalogredaktion: Pontus Grate, Nils-Göran Hökby]
Pingstate : art of a visual community. Book 1
Paris was a woman : portraits from the Left Bank
Mapping the terrain : new genre public art
The Bohemian girl
Impressionist Giverny : a colony of artists, 1885-1915
Gelatin's acb
Benefit-oriented socially engaged art : two cases of social work experiment
Rites of place : public commemoration in Russia and Eastern Europe
St. Ives = Santo-Aibusu : [8 April-7 May, 1989, Hyogo Prefectural Museum of Art, 20 May-25 June, 1989, The Museum of Modern Art, Kamakura, 2 July-27 August, 1989, Setagaya Art Museum / [ed. by Setagaya Art Museum...et al.]
Skagenin Taiteilijasiirtokunta = The artists' colony at Skagen [Summary] / Hanne Westergaard
St Ives 1939-64 : twenty five years of painting, sculpture and pottery, the Tate Gallery, 13 February - 14 April 1985
The Skagen painters : in a new light : Arken museum of modern art, 26 January - 1 June 2008 / editors: Christian Gether, Andrea Rygg Karberg
The painters in Grez-sur-Loing : Yamanasi Prefectural Museum of Art, [Kofu], October 21 - November 26, 2000 : Fuchu Art Museum, {Tokyo], December 2, 2000 - January 21, 2001 : Otani Memorial Art Museum, Nishinomiya City, January 27 - March 4, 2001 : Nariwa / [text by Torsten Gunnarson ... [et al.]
Design for grassroots community : a proposal for designing creative activities
Paris, he said
Still lives : death, desire, and the portrait of the old master
"Foreign Artists and Communities in Modern Paris, 1870-1914 examines Paris as a center of international culture that attracted artists from Western and Eastern Europe, Asia and the Americas during a period of burgeoning global immigration. Sixteen essays by a group of emerging and established international scholars - including several whose work has not been previously published in English - address the experiences of foreign exiles, immigrants, students and expatriates. They explore the formal and informal structures that permitted foreign artists to forge connections within and across national communities and in some cases fashion new, transnational identities in the City of Light. Considering Paris from an innovative global perspective, the book situates both important modern artists - such as Edvard Munch, Sonia Delaunay-Terk, Marc Chagall and Gino Severini - and lesser-known American, Czech, Italian, Polish, Welsh, Russian, Japanese, Catalan, and Hungarian painters, sculptors, writers, dancers, and illustrators within the larger trends of international mobility and cultural exchange. Broadly appealing to historians of modern art and history, the essays in this volume characterize Paris as a thriving transnational arts community in which the interactions between diverse cultures, peoples and traditions contributed to the development of a hybrid and multivalent modern art." -- Publisher's description.
Paris was a woman : portraits from the left bank
Painting the warmth of the sun : St Ives artist 1939-1975 / Tom Cross
Montmartre and the making of mass culture
The Scandinavian artists' colony in France / Salme Sarajas-Korte
Women at the Gödöllö artists' colony : Glasgow School of Art, Mackintosh Gallery, 4 to 27 March 2004
Summaries (s. 299-309).
White nights
The sociology of the artist in the postmodern era : pride and uncertainty
Experience of being a stranger : Visual project Ä & ы : dialogues
Summer in February
Disability culture and community performance : find a strange and twisted shape
The St Ives artists: a biography of place and time / Michael Bird
Scandal on stage : European theater as moral trial
The gentrification of the mind : witness to a lost imagination
Grez sur Loing : belle France / guide & drawings Jonathan Moorhouse
The language of bees
Community art : an anthropological perspective
In this memoir of the AIDS years (1981-1996) in New York, CUNY Professor of English Sarah Schulman recalls how much of the queer culture, cheap rents, and virbrant downtown arts movement vanished almost overnight, replaced by gay conservative spokespeople and mainstream consumerism. Schulman takes us back to her Lower East Side and brings it to life, sharing vivid memories of her avant-garde queer friends and recreating the early years of the AIDS crisis as experienced by a political insider. Interweaving personal reminiscence with analysis, Schulman details her experience as a witness to the loss of a generation's imagination and the consequences of that loss.--From publisher description.
Artists on the edge : the rise of coastal artists' colonies, 1880-1920 : with particular reference to artists' communities around the North Sea
Runoteltta = The Poem tent
Living in squares, loving in triangles : the lives and loves of Virginia Woolf and the Bloomsbury Group
With and against the modern : Nordic counter-images to modernity / Peter Nørgaard Larsen
Community, art and the state : storming the citadels
Community art : implications for social policy
I as me : making of 2000 & 11 self-portraits
Looking back : a reader on the history of deaf communities and their sign languages
Tunes in a landscape : Fleskum : a Norwegian artists' colony = Norvég tájak hangulata : a fleskumi norvég mûvésztelep : Budapest Museum of Fine Arts = Budapesti Szépmûvésti Múzeum, 10.10. - 1.12. 2002 / kurátor = curator Ina Johannesen ; [catalogue editor Ina Johannesen ; catalogue essay: Ina Johannesen, Ingrid Reed Thomsen, Marit Ingeborg Lange]
À Paris! : pohjoismainen taiteilijasiirtokunta Pariisissa 1800-luvun lopussa = nordic artists in Paris in the late 19th century : Gallen-Kallelan Museo, Espoo = the Gallen-Kallela Museum : 7.6. -1.9.1996 / [toimitus = edition: Kerttu Karvonen-Kannas, Kati Kivimäki]
Rural artists' colonies in Europe, 1870-1910
The good and simple life : artist colonies in Europe and America / Michael Jacobs
Village artists' colonies were extremely popular across Europe towards the close of the nineteenth century. They were not rustic retreats for dreamers, but highly-motivated, international forums for experiment and debate, at the cutting edge of artistic change. This study asserts that once the ideological decision was made to go to the countryside then practical considerations sustained these rural communities. The artists and their hosts were as varied as the topographies they inhabited, but coasts proved the most valuable option. The traditional stoic fisherfolk witnessed the sudden growth in the leisure industry, all of which helped to inspire generations of painters. This synopsis places the movement in context, using an holistic approach and bringing together a wide range of influences, such as innovations in technology, transport, hoteliers, art dealers, print-publishing and the modern art market.
ST Ives 1883-1993 : portrait of an art colony / Marion Whybrow ; introduction by David Brown
Impressionist Giverny : a colony of artists, 1885-1915 : [an exhibition at the Musée  d'Art Américain Giverny / Terra Foundation for American Art, 1 April - July 2007 : San Diego Museum of Art, 22 July - 1 october 2007] / edited by Katherine M. Bourguignon ; essays by Nina Lübbren ... [et al.]
Hännätön kissa = The bobtailed cat
ArtGoesWork
Ainola : the home of Jean and Aino Sibelius
Charmed circle : Gertrude Stein & company
Global culture / individual identity : searching for home in the cultural supermarket
Foreign artists and communities in modern Paris, 1870-1914 : strangers in paradise
Big ears : listening for gender in jazz studies
Återseende = Second sight
Learning from cosmopolitan digital musicians : identity, musicianship, and changing values in (in)formal music communities
Exploring key issues for the anthropology of art and art theory, this fascinating text provides the first in-depth study of community art from an anthropological perspective. The book focuses on the forty year history of Free Form Arts Trust, an arts group that played a major part in the 1970s struggle to carve out a space for community arts in Britain. Turning their back on the world of gallery art, the fine-artist founders of Free Form were determined to use their visual expertise to connect, through collaborative art projects, with the working-class people excluded by the established art world. In seeking to give the residents of poor communities a greater role in shaping their built environment, the artists' aesthetic practice would be transformed. Community Art examines this process of aesthetic transformation and its rejection of the individualized practice of the gallery artist. The Free Form story calls into question common understandings of the categories of "art," "expertise," and "community," and makes this story relevant beyond late twentieth-century and early twenty-first-century Britain.
