http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2194 hieroglyphs
hieroglyphs
Egyptian hieroglyphs
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 3, Memphis : Part 2. Saqqâra to Dashûr : Fascicle 1 (393-574)
The Rosetta Stone and the rebirth of ancient Egypt
Hieroglyphs and the afterlife in ancient Egypt
Reading the past : ancient writing from cuneiform to the alphabet
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 6, Upper Egypt: chief temples (excluding Thebes) : Abydos, Dendera, Esna, Edfu, Kôm Ombo, and Philae
Scripta Minoa : the written documents of Minoan Crete with special reference to the archives of Knossos
Literary fragments in the hieratic script
Maya hieroglyphs
Reading the Maya glyphs
The keys of Egypt : the race to read the hieroglyphs
O. DeM 764 : a note concerning property rights
The phonetic system of Egyptian hieroglyphics
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 2, Theban temples
The archive of Teos and Thabis from early ptolemaic Thebes : P. Brux. dem. inv. E. 8252-8256
An Egyptian hieroglyphic dictionary : in two volumes. Vol. 2
Classifying the divine : determinatives and categorisation in CT 335 and BD 17
The Rosetta Stone
The rock inscriptions of lower Nubia (Czechoslovak concession)
Central American hieroglyphic writing
The Phaistos disc : a Luwian letter to Nestor
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 1, The Theban necropolis : Part. 1. Private tombs
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 8, Objects of provenance not known : Part 2. Private statues (dynasty XVIII to the Roman period). Statues of deitied
Heuristics and cryptology in the decipherment of the Cretan hieroglyphic inscriptions : a research report
An Egyptian hieroglyphic dictionary : in two volumes. Vol. 1
ABC of Egyptian hieroglyphs
Understanding hieroglyphs : a quick and simple guide
The graffiti of pharaonic Egypt : scope and roles of informal writings (c. 3100-332 B.C.)
The story of decipherment : from Egyptian hieroglyphic to Linear B : with 118 illustrations and a map
Writing systems of the world : alphabets, syllabaries, pictograms
ABC hieroglyphics
Adoration of the Ram : five hymns to Amun-Re from Hibis temple
Servant of Mut : studies in honor of Richard A. Fazzini
Selected Luwian hieroglyphic texts : the extended version
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 1, The Theban necropolis : Part. 2. Royal tombs and smaller cemetaries
From icon to metaphor : studies in the semiotics of the hieroglyphs
The humanist interpretation of hieroglyphs in the allegorical studies of the Renaissance : with a focus on the triumphalarch of Maximilian I
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 3, Memphis : Part 2. Saqqâra to Dashûr : Fascicle 3 (777-1014)
Decoding Egyptian hieroglyphs
Writing
The hieroglyphics of Horapollo
Hieroglyphics : the writings of ancient Egypt
Cracking codes : the Rosetta stone and decipherment
Write your own Egyptian hieroglyphs : names, greetings, insults, sayings
Hieroglyphics
Discovering Egyptian hieroglyphs : a practical guide
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 3, Memphis : Part 2. Saqqâra to Dashûr : Fascicle 2 (575-776)
Egyptology : an introduction to the history, art and culture of ancient Egypt
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 8, Objects of provenance not known : Part 1. Royal statues (predynastic to dynasty XVII)
Proceedings of the Scripta 2011 : writings and cognition
The Egyptian coffin texts. 7, Texts of spells 787-1185
Pharaonic inscriptions from the southern Eastern Desert of Egypt
Maya hieroglyphics without tears
Written reputedly by an Egyptian magus, Horapollo Niliacus, in the fourth century C.E., The Hieroglyphics of Horapollo is an anthology of nearly two hundred "hieroglyphics," or allegorical emblems, said to have been used by the Pharaonic scribes in describing natural and moral aspects of the world. Translated into Greek in 1505, it informed much of Western iconography from the sixteenth through the nineteenth centuries. This work not only tells how various types of natural phenomena, emotions, virtues, philosophical concepts, and human character-types were symbolized, but also explains why, for example, the universe is represented by a serpent swallowing its tail, filial affection by a stork, education by the heavens dropping dew, and a horoscopist by a person eating an hourglass.
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 8, Objects of provenance not known : indices to parts 1 and 2. Statues
The art of hieroglyphics
The mysteries of the alphabet : the origins of writing
Kan B'ahlam and the Maize God : picture program of a classic Maya Ruler
The Festival procession of Opet in the colonnade hall
Ancient Egyptian calligraphy : a beginner's guide to writing hieroglyphs
Discovery at Rosetta
Nasal motifs in Maya iconography
The great dedicatory inscription of Ramesses II : a Solar-Osirian Tractate at Abydos
An introduction to egyptology
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 3, Memphis : Part 1. Abû Rawâsh to Abûsîr
Egyptian grammar : being an introduction to the study of hieroglyphs
The Rosetta stone
The hieroglyphic archive at Petras, Siteias
Egyptian Oedipus : Athanasius Kircher and the secrets of antiquity
Egyptian language : easy lessons in Egyptian hieroglyphics with sing list
The mystery of the hieroglyphs
The Old Kingdom cemetery at Hamra Dom (El-Qasr wa es-Saiyad)
The language of Maya hieroglyphs
Egyptin hieroglyfien yhteyksiä Euroopan vanhoihin kieliin = The relation of Egyptian hieroglyphics to old European languages
Handbook of scripts and alphabets
Pyramids and mummies
The life of J.D. Åkerblad : Egyptian decipherment and orientalism in revolutionary times
Fascinating hieroglyphics: discovering, decoding & understanding the ancient art
An introduction to the study of the Maya hieroglyphs
How to read Egyptian hieroglyphs : a step-by-step guide to teach yourself
A hieroglyphic dictionary of Egyptian coffin texts
The hieroglyphs handbook
The story of writing : alphabets, hieroglyphs & pictograms
From hieroglyphics to Isotype : a visual autobiography
The book of the dead
Sacred signs : hieroglyphs in ancient Egypt
Lost languages : the enigma of the world's undeciphered scripts
The bubastite portal
Egypt : people, gods, pharaohs
The little book of Egyptian hieroglyphs
Comments on the hieroglyphic texts of the B-group Ballcourt markers at Caracol, Belize
The handbook of Egyptian hieroglyphs : a study of the ancient language
The deciphering of Mayan hieroglyphic writing
Non-textual marking systems, writing and pseudo script from prehistory to modern times
