http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2192 Egyptology
Egyptology
The egyptologist : a novel
Egyptian phyles in the Old Kingdom : the evolution of a system of social organization
The riddle of the pyramids
Ancient Egyptian materials and industries
Canaanite toponyms in ancient Egyptian documents
An ancient Egyptian book of hours : (Pap. Brit. Mus. 10569)
Proceedings of the Seventh International Congress of Egyptologists : Cambridge, 3-9 September 1995
Papyrus British Museum 10808 and its cultural and religious setting
Biographical texts from Ramessid Egypt
Egyptian sculptures in the British Museum
Egypt lost and found : explorers and travellers on the Nile
The impact of Egypt on Canaan : iconographical and related studies
Studies on the illustrated Theban funerary papyri of the 11th and 10th centuries B.C
Egypt before the pharaohs : the prehistoric foundations of Egyptian civilization
Egyptian Museum Berlin
Egypt : how lost civilization was redicovered
Egyptian iconography on Syro-Palestinian cylinder seals of the Middle Bronze Age
Studies in pharaonic religion and society in honour of J. Gwyn Griffiths
A brief description of the principal monuments
Egyptology : an introduction to the history, art and culture of ancient Egypt
The tomb of Senebitsi at Lisht
Mummies, magic and medicine in ancient Egypt ; essays in honour of Rosalie David
"Egyptologists, art historians, philologists and anthropological archaeologists have long worked side by side in Egypt, but they often fail to understand one another's approaches. This book aims to introduce students to the archaeological side of the study of ancient Egypt and to bridge the gap between disciplines by explaining how archaeologists tackle a variety of problems. Douglas J. Brewer introduces the theoretical reasoning for each approach, as well as the methods and techniques applied to support it. This book is an essential read for any student considering further study of ancient Egypt"--
Egypt from Alexander the Great to the Arab conquest : a study in the diffusion and decay of Hellenism : being the Gregynog lectures for 1946
The unbroken reed : studies in the culture and heritage of Ancient Egypt : in honour of A. F. Shore
The splendour that was Egypt
The Egyptian Department and its excavations
The book of the dead
Země pyramid a faraonu : starověký Egypt ve sbírkáh Náprstkova muzea = The land of pyramids and pharaohs : Ancient Egypt in the Náprstek museum collection
The complete gods and goddesses of ancient Egypt
The temple of Tuthmosis III : statuary and votive monuments = Światynia Totmesa III : rzeźba i obiekty wotywne
Tutankhamun : and the golden age of the pharaohs
Pottery of the Egyptian new kingdom: three studies
The ancient kingdoms of the Nile : and the doomed monuments of Nubia
Ancient Egypt : an introduction
The bishops of Faras : an anthropological-medical study
Pharaoh's workers : the villagers of Deir al Medina
Ancient records of Egypt
The spatial structure of Kom el-Hisn : an old kingdom town in the Western Nile Delta, Egypt
Directing Deir el-Medina : the external administration of the necropolis
The mechanics of ancient Egyptian magical practice
Hatshepsut : from queen to Pharaoh
Image of the world and symbol of the Creator : on the cosmological and iconological values of the temple of Edfu
Zawiyet el-Aryan : the cemeteries adjacent to the layer pyramid
The Egyptian Museum, Cairo : official cataloque
The mythical origin of the Egyptian temple
Echoes of eternity : studies presented to Gaballa Aly Gaballa
The gods of Egypt
A companion to ancient Egypt
Great works of Egyptian art
Egyptology at the dawn of the Twenty-first Century : proceedings of the Eighth International Congress of Egyptologists Cairo, 2000.. Volume 1, Archaeology
Guide to the Petrie Museum of Egyptian Archaeology
Discussions in Egyptology. 65
The administration of Egypt in the late Middle Kingdom : the hieratic documents
Amarna studies : and other selected papers
The Amarna age : Western Asia
Egyptian treasures : from the collections of The Brooklyn Museum
The UCL Lahun papyri : letters
Pyramids and mummies
Egyptian epistolography : from the eighteenth to the twenty-first dynasty
Temples, tombs and hieroglyphs : the story of egyptology
Modeling socioeconomic evolution and continuity in Ancient Egypt : the value and limitations of zooarchaeological analyses
The Egyptians
Ancient Egypt : a cultural topography
Abstracts of papers
The Stone Age in Egypt : a record of recently discovered implements and products of handicraft of the archaic Nilotic races inhabiting the Thebaid
The archaeology of ancient Egypt : beyond pharaohs
Governmental reforms in Old Kingdom Egypt
This companion provides the very latest accounts of the major and current aspects of Egyptology by leading scholars. It is delivered in a highly readable style and extensively illustrated. Published in two volumes, it offers unprecedented breadth and depth of coverage, giving full scope to the discussion of this incredible civilization. It provides the very latest and, where relevant, well-illustrated accounts of the major aspects of Egypt's ancient history and culture. It covers a broad scope of topics including physical context, history, economic and social mechanisms, language, literature, and the visual arts. It is delivered in a highly readable style with students and scholars of both Egyptology and Graeco-Roman studies in mind. It also provides a chronological table at the start of each volume to help readers orient chapters within the wider historical context.
Multilingual egyptological thesarus = Thésaurus multilingue de l'égyptologie = Mehrsprachiger ägyptologischer Thesaurus
Maadi : excavations at the predynastic site of Maadi and its cemeteries conducted by Mustapha Amer and Ibrahim Rizkana on behalf of the Department of Geography, Faculty of Arts of Cairo University 1930-1953. 3, The non-lithic small finds and the structural remains of the predynastic settlement
Magic in ancient Egypt
Ancient Egypt : its culture and history
The ancient Egyptians : a sourcebook of their writings
The complete pyramids
Egyptological miscellanies : a tribute to Professor Ronald J. Williams
The warrior pharaohs
Servant of Mut : studies in honor of Richard A. Fazzini
Egyptology at the dawn of the Twenty-first Century : proceedings of the Eighth International Congress of Egyptologists Cairo, 2000.. Volume 3, Language, conservation, museology
Akhenaten's Sed : festival at Karnak
Egypt : from prehistory to the Romans
Egypt from myth to egyptology
The search for Nefertiti : the true story of a remarkable discovery
Wonderful things : a history of Egyptology
The lost pharaohs : the romance of egyptian archaeology
Egypt and the pharaohs : pharaonic Egypt in the archives and libraries of the Università degli studi di Milano. [1], From the sand to the library
Conflicted antiquities : Egyptology, Egyptomania, Egyptian modernity
Egyptian antiquities in the British Museum
Current research in Egyptology 2003 : proceedings of the fourth annual symposium which took place at the Institute of Archaeology, University College London, 18-19 January 2003
Sacred signs : hieroglyphs in ancient Egypt
Atlas of ancient Egypt
Development of religion and thought in ancient Egypt
Meeting the past : 100 years in Egypt : German Archaeological Institute Cairo 1907-2007 : catalogue of the special exhibition in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo 19th November 2007 to 15th January 2008
Commodity prices from the Ramessid period : an economic study of the village of necropolis workmen at Thebes
Ancient Egyptian jewellery
Pharaohs and mortals
Aspects of Early Egypt
Modern trends in European egyptology : papers from a session held at the European Association of Archaeologists Ninth Annual Meeting in St. Petersburg 2003
Amelia Peabody's Egypt : a compendium
Egyptian antiquities in the Nile Valley : a descriptive handbook
The Egyptian reliefs and stelae : in the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts, Moscow
Ancient Egypt : as represented in the Museum of fine arts, Boston
Tutankhamun : the eternal splendour of the boy pharaoh
The Book of the Dead of Gatseshen : ancient Egyptian funerary religion in the 10th century BC
The buried pyramid
Traces the history of the spread of the myth of Egypt and the birth of Egyptology and describe the greatest archaeological discoveries between the first decades of the nineteenth century and those of the early twentieth century, to the gold of Tutankhamen and the silver of the Pharaohs of Tanis.
Guide to the valley of the kings
Once More with Feeling: Seth the divine trickster
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 7, Nubia, the deserts, and outside Egypt
The treasures of the Valley of the Kings : tombs and temples of the Theban west bank in Luxor
Nut : the goddess of life in text and iconography
A brief study of mummies and mummification
The Splendour that was Egypt
The intellectual adventure of ancient man : an essay on speculative thought in the ancient Near East
Aspects of ancient Egyptian curses and blessings : conceptual background and transmission
Mummy mysteries : the secret world of Tutankhamun and the pharaohs
Egyptian antiquities in the Liverpool Museum. 1, A list of the provenanced objects
The private lives of the Pharaohs
Egyptology and the social sciences
Ancient Egypt : foundations of a civilization
Gods of ancient Memphis : a guide to the exhibition on display in the Art Museum of The University of Memphis 28 July through 4 October 2001
Life and death of a pharaoh Tutankhamen
Human remains : metrical and non-metrical anatomical variations
Scarabs, chronology, and interconnections : Egypt and Palestine in the Second Intermediate Period
Funerary statuettes and model sarcophagi. 3. fascicule, (Indices et planches)
Anthropology and egyptology : a developing dialogue
Thebes of the pharaohs : pattern for every city
Rescued treasures of Egypt
Celestial cycles : astronomical concepts of regeneration in the ancient Egyptian coffin texts
The temple of queen Hatshepsut : the report of the Polish-Egyptian archaeological and preservation mission Deir el-Bahari 1980-1988
"Archaeology: History and Development Archaeology and Egyptology Archaeology, as defined by the Oxford English Dictionary, is the "study of human history and prehistory through the excavation of sites and analysis of physical remains." These physical remains include not only every item ever made by humans - - from a piece of burnt charcoal to awe-inspiring stone monuments -- but also the remains of humans themselves. As such, archaeology is one of the widest-ranging scientific disciplines and incorporates method and theory from art, history, linguistics, geology, biology, chemistry, mathematics and the social sciences. What is Egyptology and how does it differ from archaeology? Egyptology is a historical discipline devoted to the study of ancient Egypt. It is modeled after classical studies of Greece and Rome, which rely on written records to supply chronology, historical data, and information about beliefs of the past. Egyptologists work with specific texts to understand nuances of the ancient culture, often within a well-defined time period. Like all historical disciplines, Egyptology is a particularizing discipline. That is, it is primarily interested in defining what happened at a specific place and time"--
Fascinating hieroglyphics: discovering, decoding & understanding the ancient art
Secrets of the great pyramid
A history of Egyptian architecture : the First Intermediate Period, the Middle Kingdom and the Second Intermediate Period
A survey of the ancient city of El-'Amarna
Egypt in transition : social and religious development of Egypt in the first millennium BCE : proceedings of an international conference : Prague, September 1-4, 2009
Akhenaten : pharaoh of Egypt - a new study
An historical bibliography of Egyptian prehistory
Tutankhamun uncovered : the adventure behind the curse
Terrible tomb of Tutankhamun
A comprehensive and authoritative illustrated guide to the deities that lay at the heart of Ancient Egyptian religion and society. It examines the evolution, worship and eventual decline of a huge pantheon, from minor figures such as Bas, Babi, Ba-Pef and Taweret to the all-powerful Osiris, Amun, Hathor, Isis and Re. The author considers the differing manifestations, iconography and cult centres of the deities and their fluctuating popularity. He also examines levels of worship, from the king's formal rituals and festivals to popular access and personal piety. The accompanying photographs and drawings depict tomb paintings, temple reliefs, statues and other iconography.
The Rosetta stone
Egyptology at the dawn of the Twenty-first Century : proceedings of the Eighth International Congress of Egyptologists Cairo, 2000.. Volume 2, History, religion
The ancient kingdoms of the Nile and the doomed monuments of Nubia
Ancient records of Egypt : historical documents from the earliest times to the Persian conquest, collected edited and translated with commentary
The monuments of Senenmut : problems in historical methodology
Sesto congresso internazionale di egittologia : abstracts of papers
Baked clay figurines and votive beds from Medinet Habu
Books of breathing and related texts
The female pharaoh Hatshepsut reigned for nearly twenty years during Egypt's early New Kingdom in the fifteenth century B.C. First acting as regent for her young nephew/stepson Thutmose III, she in time assumed the title of king and exercised the full powers of the throne as senior co-ruler. In accordance with Egyptian tradition, Hatshepsut was often depicted as a male king. After her death, however, monuments bearing her image were ruthlessly defaced, and her name was erased from historical accounts. Hatshepsut's rise to power and the nature of her kingship have long been debated by scholars. This fascinating period, one of immense artistic creativity, is illuminated by this volume's rich presentation of monumental royal sculpture and reliefs, ceremonial objects, exquisite personal items for everyday use, and dazzling jewelry. Essays focus on influences from the neighboring Near East, Nubia, and the Aegean; the innovative architecture built by Hatshepsut; powerful figures in the royal court during her reign; archaeological finds from this period; and mysteries surrounding the destruction of Hatshepsut's statues and the obliteration of her name. The first in-depth treatment of the subject, Daughter of Re is an important investigation into the impact of Hatshepsut's reign on the history, culture, and artistic output of Egypt. --Publisher description.
Egyptian art
A castration story from the Tebtunis temple library
Ancient Egyptian and Mediterranean studies : in memory of William A. Ward
Egypt's making : The origins of Ancient Egypt 5000 - 20000 BC
The Rosetta Stone
Living with Egypt's past in Australia
Egypt under the pharaohs : a history derived entirely from the monuments
Egypt land : race and nineteenth-century American Egyptomania
Lost Ramessid and post-Ramessid private tombs in the Theban necropolis
Ancient Egypt : anatomy of a civilization
For his ka : essays offered in memory of Klaus Baer
The pyramids of Egypt
The Egyptian renaissance : the afterlife of ancient Egypt in early modern Italy
The encyclopedia of ancient Egypt
Egypt and the pharaohs : pharaonic Egypt in the archives and libraries of the Università degli studi di Milano. [2], From conservation to enjoyment
The tomb of queen Meryet-Amun at Thebes
Isis in Babylonia?
Ancient Egyptian demonology : studies on the boundaries between the demonic and the divine in Egyptian magic
Annual egyptological bibliography
Actor and event : military activity in ancient Egyptian narrative texts from Tuthmosis II to Merenptah
The lost pharaohs
The Oxford history of ancient Egypt
Tutankhamen : The life and death of the boy-king
The great hypostyle hall at Karnak. Volume 1, Part 1, The wall reliefs
The first hundred years : egyptology at University College London 1892-1992
The humanist interpretation of hieroglyphs in the allegorical studies of the Renaissance : with a focus on the triumphalarch of Maximilian I
The administration of Egypt in the Old Kingdom : the highest titles and their holders
No abstract
The battle reliefs of King Sety I
Egypt-omania : our three thousand year obsession with the land of the Pharaohs
The murder of King Tut
Tutankhamun's treasure
The Valley of the Kings : Fragments d'un manuscrit inachevé
The mountains of pharaoh : 2000 years of pyramid exploration
Tutankhamen : life and death of a pharaoh
Images for eternity : Egyptian art from Berkeley and Brooklyn
Red land, black land : the world of the ancient Egyptians
