http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21992 early Judaism
early Judaism
Eve's children : the biblical stories retold and interpreted in Jewish and Christian traditions
This book is about listening to what writers were saying about sex in early Judaism and Christianity - ancient words surprisingly relevant for today. It functions as both a summary and a conclusion to William Loader's five previous books on sexuality in a form accessible to those who may not have a background knowledge of early Judaism and Christianity. It also contains a useful subject index to those five previous volumes.In examining thoroughly all the relevant writings and related evidence of the Greco-Roman period, Loader dialogues with scholarship related to each writing in order to make his conclusions as objective as possible. By enabling the reader to listen respectfully to these ancient texts, Making Sense of Sex provides a basis for informed discussion of sexual issues today.
History, ideology and Bible interpretation in the Dead Sea Scrolls : collected studies
The Land of Benjamin
Religions of late antiquity in practice
Understanding wisdom literature : conflict and dissonance in the Hebrew text
Praying by the book : the scripturalization of prayer in second temple Judaism
The New Testament and Hellenistic Judaism
The texts
Angels as warriors in late Second Temple Jewish literature
The human body in death and resurrection
Teachers and texts in the ancient world : philosophers, Jews and Christians
An introduction to Karaite Judaism : history, theology, practice, and custom
Noncanonical writings and New Testament interpretation
On earth as it is in heaven : temple symbolism in the New Testament
Credible, incredible : the miraculous in the ancient Mediterranean
"The book offers an up-to-date and readable introduction to the manifold literary and historical problems of biblical prophecy. Reinhard Gregor Kratz provides the reader with a clear analysis of the development of the institution of prophecy in ancient Israel and Second Temple Judaism. Through a close reading of the prophetic corpus he demonstrates that in biblical tradition we have to distinguish between the historical and the literary prophet."
The social role of liturgy in the religion of the Qumran community
Miryam T. Brand explores how texts of the Second Temple period address the theological problem of the existence of sin and describe the source of human sin. By surveying the relevant Apocrypha, Pseudepigrapha, and Dead Sea Scrolls, as well as the works of Philo and (where relevant) Josephus, the study determines the extent to which texts' presentation of sin is influenced by genre and sectarian identification and identifies central worldviews regarding sin in the Second Temple period. The analysis is divided into two parts; the first explores texts that reflect a conviction that the source of sin is an innate human inclination, and the second analyzes texts that depict sin as caused by demons. The author demonstrates that the genre or purpose of a text is frequently a determining factor in its representation of sin, particularly influencing the text's portrayal of sin as the result of human inclination versus demonic influence and sin as a free choice or as predetermined fact. Second Temple authors and redactors chose representations of sin in accordance with their aims. Thus prayers, reflecting the experience of helplessness when encountering God, present the desire to sin as impossible to overcome without divine assistance. In contrast, covenantal texts (sectarian texts explaining the nature of the covenant) emphasize freedom of choice and the human ability to turn away from the desire to sin. Genre, however, is not the only determining factor regarding how sin is presented in these texts. Approaches to sin in sectarian texts frequently built upon already accepted ideas reflected in nonsectarian literature, adding aspects such as predestination, the periodization of evil, and a division of humanity into righteous members and evil nonmembers.
Jewish apocalypticism in late first century Israel : reading 'Second Baruch' in context
Jesus and the forgiveness of sins : an aspect of his prophetic mission
The Jewish apocalyptic heritage in early Christianity
The developments in Judaism which occurred during the Second Temple period (c.550 BC to 100 AD) were of great importance for the nature of Jewish religion in later centuries, yet few studies have examined the era in full. In this text, Lester L. Grabbe aims to provide an accessible volume offering an encyclopaedic study and holistic interpretation of the period. Topics examined in the text include: views about God and the spirit world; the temple and priesthood; scripture and synagogue; the main religious sects and revolutionary movements; eschatology and messianism; magic and predicting the future; religion in the Jewish diaspora; and converts and "Godfearers". With an extensive, bibliography, plus numerous helpful cross-references, summaries and syntheses, this book aims to be of use to scholars and students of the history of Jewish religion.
"This book is the first work of its kind to examine legal exegesis in the Dead Sea Scrolls from the perspective of both the history of Jewish law and early Jewish scriptural interpretation. It shows how the Dead Sea Scrolls transform the meaning and application of biblical law to meet the needs of new historical and cultural settings. The Dead Sea Scrolls legal texts are examined through the comparative lens of law and legal interpretation in Second Temple Judaism and rabbinic Judaism. The creative interpretation of scriptural texts in the Dead Sea Scrolls responds to the tension between seemingly rigid authoritative scripture and the need for law and scripture to be perpetually evolving entities. The ongoing legal interpretation of scriptural texts frames the development of Jewish law at the same time as it shapes the nature of the biblical canon"--
The child-parent relationship in the New Testament and its environment
The Letter of Aristeas : Aristeas to Philocrates or On the translation of the Law of the Jews
Judaism in the first century
Restoration : Old Testament, Jewish and Christian perspectives
"In the book of Revelation, John appeals to the faithful to avoid the temptations of wealth, which he connects with evil and disobedience within secular society. New Testament scholars have traditionally viewed his somewhat radical stance as a reaction to the social injustices and idolatry of the imperial Roman cults of the day. Mark D. Mathews argues that John's rejection of affluence was instead shaped by ideas in the Jewish literature of the Second Temple period which associated the rich with the wicked and viewed the poor as the righteous. Mathews explores how traditions preserved in the Epistle of Enoch and later Enochic texts played a formative role in shaping John's theological perspective. This book will be of interest to those researching poverty and wealth in early Christian communities and the relationship between the traditions preserved in the Dead Sea Scrolls and New Testament"--
Compares Rabbinic midrash and Patristic exegesis in late antiquity and provides an introduction to the various forms of Patristic literature.
An introduction to early Judaism
Philo of Alexandria : an exegete for his time
Was 1 Esdras first? : an investigation into the priority and nature of 1 Esdras
Joseph of Genesis as Hellenistic scientist
Apocalypse against empire : theologies of resistance in early Judaism
Family and kinship in the deuterocanonical and cognate literature
The question of why the cooperation of Jews with the Persian and Ptolemaic empires achieved some success and why it failed with regard to the Seleucids and the Romans, even turning into military hostility against them, has not been sufficiently answered. The present volume intends to show, from the perspectives of Hebrew Bible, Judaic, and Ancient History Studies, that the contrasting Jewish attitudes towards foreign powers were not only dependent on specific political circumstances. They were also interrelated with the emergence of multiple early Jewish identities, which all found a basis in the Torah, the prophets, or the psalms.
Power and politics in Palestine : the Jews and the governing of their land 100 BC-AD 70
The prophets of Israel
Cosmos, chaos and the Kosher mentality
Images of Egypt in early Biblical literature : Cisjordan-Israelite, Transjordan-Israelite, and Judahite Portrayals
Selected studies in the Slavonic pseudepigrapha
Beyond the Essene hypothesis : the parting of the ways between Qumran and Enochic Judaism
Old Testament theology. Volume 1
In the second degree : paratextual literature in ancient Near Eastern and ancient Mediterranean culture and its reflections in medieval literature
Turning Proverbs towards Torah : an analysis of 4Q525
Resurrection of the dead : biblical traditions in dialogue
Life after death : Paul's argument for the resurrection of the dead in I Cor. 15
The Dead Sea scrolls as background to postbiblical Judaism and early Christianity : papers from an international conference at St. Andrews in 2001
Studies in the Book of Jubilees
Studies in Persian period history and historiography
Roots of Rabbinic Judaism
Light against darkness : dualism in ancient Mediterranean religion and the contemporary world
Ethnicity and identity in ancient Israel : prolegomena to the study of ethnic sentiments and their expression in the Hebrew Bible
Future hope and present reality. Vol I, Eschatology and Transformation in the Hebrew Bible
The Didache : its Jewish sources and its place in early Judaism and Christianity
Adam's dust and Adam's glory in the Hodayot and the letters of Paul : rethinking anthropogony and theology
Theologies of creation in early Judaism and ancient Christianity : in honour of Hans Klein
A narrative theology of the New Testament
Kabbalah : a guide for the perplexed
Jewish-Christian interpretation of the Pentateuch in the pseudo-Clementine homilies
Scripture and law in the Dead Sea scrolls
Evil within and without : the source of sin and its nature as portrayed in second temple literature
Jewish cult and Hellenistic culture : essays on the Jewish encounter with Hellenism and Roman rule
Pneuma and realized eschatology in the Book of Wisdom
Three times a year : studies on festival legislation in the Pentateuch
Judaism and Hellenism in antiquity : conflict or confluence?
Lex Talionis in early Judaism and the exhortation of Jesus in Matthew 5.38-42
"This volume provides the first full commentary to Book 11 of Josephus' Judean Antiquities, with a new English translation. In Antiquities 11 Josephus offers a retelling of the biblical narratives of Ezra-Nehemiah (Ant. 11.1 183) and Esther (Ant. 11.184 296), along with a brief post-biblical narrative dealing with late Persian-era Judea (Ant. 11.297 347). The commentary interprets Josephus narrative in detail, identifying biblical, historical and literary considerations that arise from the text. Attention is given to manuscript variants, vocabulary, use of sources, parallel accounts, and Josephus' Jewish, Roman, and Greek historiographical contexts. The volume also contains an appendix on Alexander the Great's visit to Jerusalem as related in non-Josephan sources."
Judah between East and West : the transition from Persian to Greek rule (ca. 400-200 BCE) : a conference held at Tel Aviv University, 17-19 April 2007 sponsored by the ASG (the Academic Study Group for Israel and the Middle East) and Tel Aviv University
The Dead Sea scrolls and the Bible
"Non-canonical" religious texts in early Judaism and early Christianity
To today's confrontations between religion and science Jovanovic contrasts the vibrant collaboration that characterizes Jewish, Christian, and Islamic beginnings. Designation of the patriarch Joseph as both a dream interpreter and a diviner (Gen. 44.4, 15) is a specific example of biblical appropriation of the ancient Mediterranean understanding of cup divination and dream interpretation as among the scientific activities of its social, spiritual and academic elite. Jovanovic argues that the image of Joseph as a Hellenistic scientist nourished the popularity of early Jewish and Christian literature on Joseph. The works of Josephus and Philo, Rabbinic midrashim, and the newly discovered The Ethiopic Story of Joseph, as well as Jubilees, The Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs and Joseph and Aseneth, hold that Joseph's profession was that of a scientist of vision. The interpretation of the symbolic images in dreams and cup divination was a scientific method of communication with the divine and of prediction of the future, which Jovanovic calls revelation by visual effects. Joseph's image as an Egyptian academic provoked varied responses in Hellenistic Jewish circles. The dismay expressed by Jubilees and Philo arose from Joseph's perceived betrayal of religious and traditional values. The acclamation of Josephus and The Ethiopic Story of Joseph demonstrates that a number of Hellenistic Jews believed that their creative integration into the vibrant Hellenistic culture could be successful and deepen their own Jewish identity. While previous scholarship has focused on representations of Joseph either as an ethical model or as a type of Christ, this is the first major work that explores the image of Joseph as an ancient scholar and spiritual expert.
"The Gospels record that Jesus purported to forgive sins. What significance would such a claim have had for his contemporaries and what would the implications have been for his identity as a first-century popular prophet? Tobias Ha;gerland answers these questions and more as he investigates the forgiveness of sins in the mission of the historical Jesus. The Gospels are interpreted within the context of first-century Judaism as part of a broader reconstruction of Jesus' career as a healer and prophet, and rhetorical criticism is introduced as a tool for explaining how the gospel tradition about Jesus and forgiveness developed. Ha;gerland combines detailed exegesis and rigorous methodology with a holistic view of the historical Jesus, evaluating recent scholarship about first-century Jewish prophets and utilizing previously neglected textual evidence to present a thorough investigation of the theology of forgiveness in early Judaism and primitive Christianity"--Provided by publisher.
An introduction to first century Judaism : Jewish religion and history in the second temple period
Thinking of water in the early second temple period
War and ethics in the ancient Near East : military violence in light of cosmology and history
Prophecy after the prophets? : the contribution of the Dead Sea scrolls to the understanding of biblical and extra-biblical prophecy
Judaism in the New Testament : practices and beliefs
The fate of the dead : studies on the Jewish and Christian apocalypses
Revealed wisdom and inaugurated eschatology in ancient Judaism and early Christianity
The "sociology of sectarianism" in Matthew : modelling the genesis of early Jewish and Christian communities
Testament of Abraham
Between cooperation and hostility : multiple identities in ancient Judaism and the interaction with foreign powers
Historiography and identity (re)formulation in Second Temple historiographical literature
Resurrection of the body in early Judaism and early Christianity : doctrine, community and self-definition
Judaism and Hellenism : studies in their encounter in Palestine during the early Hellenistic period
Infancy Gospels : stories and identities
The Oxford handbook of apocalyptic literature
Sacra scriptura : how "non-canonical" texts functioned in early Judaism and early Christianity
Paradise interpreted : representations of biblical paradise in Judaism and Christianity
Mature Christianity in the 21st century : the recognition and repudiation of the anti-Jewish polemic in the New Testament
Purity is a cultural construct that had a central role in the forming and the development of religious traditions in the ancient Mediterranean. This volume analyzes concepts, practices and images associated with purity in the main cultures of Antiquity, and discusses from a comparative perspective their parallel developments and transformations. The perspective adopted is both synchronic and diachronic; the comparative approach takes into account points of contact and mutual influences, but also includes major transcultural trends. A number of renowned specialists contribute a large variety of perspectives and approaches, combining archaeology, epigraphy and social history; in addition, particular attention is given to concepts of purity in ancient Israel and early Judaism as a 'test-case' of sorts. Through its extensive coverage, the volume contributes decisively to the present discussion about the forming of religious traditions in the ancient Mediterranean world.
Halakhah in light of epigraphy
Divine Judgement and divine benevolence in the Book of Wisdom
Idolatry : false worship in the Bible, early Judaism, and Christianity
In this study of motives and arguments in Jesus' halakic conflicts, Thomas Kazen suggests a way beyond the use of traditional criteria of authenticity. Employing results from recent research on the development of halakah during the Second Temple period, which outlines trajectories and areas of tension within and between various Jewish movements, the author revisits the Synoptic conflict narratives about Sabbath observance, purity rules and divorce practices. Kazen disentangles theological motives from reasonable historical explanations and suggests relative dates and contexts for motives and arguments often ascribed to Jesus. He questions interpretations which focus on unique authority and suggests that Jesus' stance is better explained within the framework of prophetic criticism and a traditional Israelite understanding of Torah. With this study he contributes as much to our understanding of halakic development during the Second Temple period as he does to our understanding of the historical Jesus and his relationship to contemporary movements.
Scripture cannot be broken : the social function of the use of Scripture in the Fourth Gospel
Early modes of exegesis : ideal figures in Malachi as a test case
Common Judaism : explorations in Second-Temple Judaism
Identity matters : John, the Jews and Jewishness
Early Judaism : a comprehensive overview
King, priest, prophet : positive eschatological protagonists of the Qumran library
The Day of Atonement : its interpretations in early Jewish and Christian traditions
Discusses various conceptions of family and kinship in the context of deuterocanonical literature. After analyzing the topic family in a narrow sense of the term, this book includes articles that investigate general ideas of morality, respect, or love and take a look at representations of gender, and social norms in Judaism and Early Christianity.
Associations of cult prophets among the ancient Semites
The ways of a king : legal and political ideas in the Bible
Many of the writings deemed 'apocryphal' and 'pseudepigraphical' were in circulation in the early centuries of Judaism and Christianity. Their influences and impacts on the development of early communities, and the development of Jewish and Christian thoughts, have not yet been sufficiently examined. While this judgment is especially true for the so-called Christian Apocrypha, it also applies for other writings that were not included in the Jewish and Christian Bibles and nor in other sacred collections of Scripture, like Rabbinics and Patristics. Most of these ancient writings functioned, to some degree, as sacred texts or scripture-sacra scriptura-in the communities in which they were produced and in others to which they circulated.This volume focuses on how some of these forgotten voices were heard within numerous early religious communities, helping to remove the distressing silence in many areas of the ancient world.
The book of Daniel : composition and reception. Vol. 2
Messias and the throne : Jewish Merkabah mysticism and early Christian exaltation discourse
Studies in Josephus' rewritten Bible
Shadow on the steps : time measurement in ancient Israel
Enoch and the Messiah Son of Man : revisiting the Book of parables
Old Testament theology. Volume 2
In this volume Devorah Dimant assembles twenty-seven thoroughly updated and partly rewritten articles discussing various aspects of the Dead Sea Scrolls that she published over the past three decades. An introductory essay written especially for this volume surveys the present state of research on the Scrolls. Dealing with major themes developed in the Dead Sea Scrolls, the author reflects the rapid expansion and change of perspective that has taken place in research on the collection in recent years following its full publication. Among the topics treated are the nature and contents of the Scrolls collection as a whole, the specific literature of the community that owned this collection, the Aramaic texts and the apocryphal and pseudepigraphic works found therein. The volume also includes discussions of particular themes such as the history of the community related to the Scrolls, its self-image and particular interpretation of biblical prophecies, and its notion of time.
Hermeneia : a critical and historical commentary on the Bible. 1 Enoch 2 : a commentary on the book of 1 Enoch : chapters 37-82
The interpretation of scripture in early Judaism and Christianity : studies in language and tradition
The Reverse of the curse : Paul, Wisdom and the Law
The book of Daniel : composition and reception. Vol. 1
The eschatology of the Book of jubilees
Paul's language of grace in its Graeco-Roman context
The caves of Qumran : proceedings of the international conference, Lugano 2014
Jews and Christians in their Graeco-Roman context : selected essays on early Judaism, Samaritanism, Hellenism, and Christianity
Temple mysticism : an introduction
The deuteronomic history and the book of Chronicles : scribal works in an oral world
Ritual and metaphor : sacrifice in the Bible
Writing and literacy in the world of ancient Israel : epigraphic evidence from the Iron Age
A thousand thousands served him : exegesis and the naming of angels in ancient Judaism
Judaic religion in the Second Temple period : belief and practice from the Exile to Yavneh
In this collection of essays, the product of a symposium held at the University of Regensburg in June 2011, scholars of the ancient Mediterranean explore the representation of miracles in ancient literature. The following key questions are addressed: How do ancient authors express their attitude toward the miracles they report? What value do they place in miraculous accounts? How do they qualify, cast doubt on, or deny the validity of a report? What are the relationships between the various literary genres and religious contexts within which miraculous stories are told? The contribution of this volume lies in the juxtaposition of various perspectives: Jewish, Christian and pagan authors are all brought into play; texts in which accounts of miracles are narrated are discussed alongside texts in which authors reflect on such accounts - either positively or negatively. Contributors: Jan Bremmer, Peter Busch, Jan Dochhorn, Laura Feldt, Hans Klein, Candida Moss, Christopher Mount, Heinz-Günter Nesselrath, Tobias Nicklas, Clare Rothschild, Janet Spittler, Günter Stemberger, Trevor Thompson, Gilbert Van Belle, Joseph Verheyden, Meinolf Vielberg, Ruben Zimmermann
Remembering and forgetting in early Second Temple Judah
Scripture, interpretation, or authority? : motives and arguments in Jesus' halakic conflicts
Purity and the forming of religious traditions in the ancient Mediterranean world and ancient Judaism
This book describes the discovery of two agricultural settlements which illuminate Jewish rural life during the Second Temple period. Most important is the unearthing of a synagogue, dating from before the destruction of the Second Temple.
"In Qumran studies, the attention of scholars has largely been focused on the Dead Sea Scrolls, while archaeology has concentrated above all on the settlement. This volume presents the proceedings of an international conference (Lugano 2014) dedicated entirely to the caves of Qumran. The papers deal with both archaeological and textual issues, comparing the caves in the vicinity of Qumran between themselves and their contents with the other finds in the Dead Sea region. The relationships between the caves and the settlement of Qumran are re-examined and their connections with the regional context are investigated. The original inventory of the materials excavated from the caves by Roland de Vaux is published for the first time in appendix to the volume"--
Rewritten Bible reconsidered : proceedings of the conference in Karkku, Finland, August 24-26 2006
The nature and function of priesthood : a comparative and anthropological study
Ancient Judaism in its Hellenistic context
The stars will fall from heaven : cosmic catastrophe and the world's end in the New Testament and its world
One God, one Lord : early Christian devotion and ancient Jewish monotheism
In this stimulating work, one of the most renowned scholars of ancient Judaism explores how Jesus' proclamation of the kingdom and the earliest Jesus movement fit into the Jewish world of Judea and Galilee. In this revised edition of an earlier work, Vermes includes five new chapters.
Early Jewish prayers in Greek
Early Judaism and modern culture : literature and theology
The biography of ancient Israel : national narratives in the Bible
Reading the first century : on reading Josephus and studying Jewish history of the first century
Social inequality in the world of the text : the significance of ritual and social distinctions in the Hebrew Bible
This volume collects revised versions of essays from a 2011 workshop held in Munich on Remembering and Forgetting in Early Second Temple Judah. The authors of the essays address these issues from both general methodological perspectives and through case studies emerging or associated with a wide range of texts from the prophetic literature, the Pentateuch, historical books, Psalms and Lamentations. All these texts share one main feature: they shape memories of the past (or future) and involve forgetting. Contributors: Bob Becking, Ehud Ben Zvi, Kåre Berge, Diana Edelman, Christina Ehring, Judith Gärtner, Friedhelm Hartenstein, Michael Hundley, Jörg Jeremias, Sonya Kostamo, Francis Landy, Christoph Levin, James Linville, Zhenhua Meng, Bill Morrow, Reinhard Müller, Urmas Nõmmik, Juha Pakkala, Hermann-Josef Stipp.
Mission-commitment in ancient Judaism and in the Pauline communities : the shape, extent and background of early Christian mission
Seers, sybils and sages in Hellenistic-Roman Judaism
On earth as in heaven : the restoration of sacred time and sacred space in the Book of Jubilees
Stable and fluid war traditions : re-thinking the war material from Qumran
The encyclopedia of apocalypticism. Vol. 1, The origins of apocalypticism in Judaism and Christianity
Traditions of the rabbis from the era of the New Testament. Vol. 2A, Feasts and Sabbaths : Passover and atonement
The Dead Sea scrolls in their historical context
Eschatologie = Eschatology : the sixth Durham-Tübingen Research Symposium: eschatology in Old Testament, ancient Judaism and early Christianity (Tübingen, September 2009)
In Turning Proverbs towards Torah, Elisa Uusimäki offers the first monograph on the early Jewish wisdom text 4Q525 from Qumran. Following the reconstruction of the fragmentary manuscript, Uusimäki analyses the text with a focus on the reception and renewal of the Proverbs tradition and the ways in which 4Q525 illustrates aspects of Jewish pedagogy in the late Second Temple period. She argues that the author was inspired by Proverbs 1-9 but sought to demonstrate that true wisdom is found in the concept of torah. He also weaved dualistic elements and eschatological ideas into the wisdom frame. The author's intention, Uusimäki argues, is to form the audience spiritually, encouraging it to trust in divine protection and blessings that are bestowed upon the pious.
Seven dilemmas in world religions
A Samaritan philosophy : a study of the Hellenistic cultural ethos of the Memar Marqah
When Judaism and Christianity began : essays in memory of Anthony J. Saldarini. Volume 2, Judaism and Christianity in the beginning
Prayer from Tobit to Qumran : inaugural conference of the ISDCL at Salzburg, Austria, 5-9 July 2003
Ezra, Nehemiah, and the construction of early Jewish identity
International experts offer fresh insights into: (1) Review of Scholarship and Context; (2) Near Eastern Milieu; (3) Interpretation of Specific Passages; (4) Social Setting; (5) Literary Context, Including Qumran; (6) Reception in Judaism and Christianity; (7) Textual History; and (8) Theology of Daniel. This publication has also been published in hardback, please click here for details.
Maccabees, Zealots, and Josephus : an inquiry into Jewish nationalism in the Greco-Roman period
Egypt as a place of refuge
Jewish responses to early Christians : history and polemics, 30-150 C.E
Israel and empire : a postcolonial history of Israel and early Judaism
Sin at Sinai : early Judaism encounters Exodus 32
Christian origins and the question of God. Volume 1, The New Testament and the people of God
Flavius Josephus, translation and commentary. Vol. 6a, Judean antiquities 11
The Qumran legal texts between the Hebrew Bible and its interpretation
Encyclopedia of midrash : biblical interpretation in formative Judaism
Past renewals : interpretative authority, renewed revelation, and the quest for perfection in Jewish antiquity
Holy places and cult
The role of Jewish feasts in John's Gospel
Herodian Judaism and New Testament study
Josiah's reform and the dynamics of defilement : Israelite rites of violence and the making of a biblical text
This study focuses on the Qumran War Text manuscripts, especially those found in Cave 4 (4Q471, 4Q491a, 4Q491b, 4Q492 4Q497). There has been a clear need to study these Cave 4 manuscripts in detail and in their own right, not just as additional evidence of the large and well-preserved War Scroll (1QM) from Cave 1. The study produces a thorough close-reading analysis of these fragments and manuscripts, with a critical evaluation of existing editions, paying attention not only to their contents but also to manuscripts as material artifacts.
The creation of heaven and earth : re-interpretation of Genesis I in the context of Judaism, ancient philosophy, Christianity, and modern physics
Even though the earlier debates of the twentieth century have subsided, questions concerning the composition and genre of Daniel, the social setting of the work, its literary context, and its theology persist. Because of the Dead Sea Scrolls discoveries and advances in understanding the history of transmission, Daniel has found a new generation of scholars interested in its place in the Jewish and Christian scriptures. Collins and Flint have assembled a stellar international team to review the state of Danielic studies and the hot issues surrounding them. Of the thirty-two essays, only one has previously appeared. Articles on Second Temple Judaism, theology, apocalypticism, and the New Testament afford the foundational resources scholars require for doing their own detailed analysis.
In Adam's Dust and Adam's Glory, Nicholas A. Meyer challenges the scholarly reconstruction of a traditional theological framework of creation, fall, and restoration in order to comprehend the pessimistic anthropologies of the Hodayot and the letters of Paul. Meyer argues that too little notice has been paid to the fact that this literature problematizes ordinary humanity by way of original humanity--its sexuality, its earthly physicality, its spiritual-moral frailty--and that these texts look not for the restoration of human nature as determined in creation, but rather for its transformation. Setting aside the traditional threefold framework, the author offers an innovative and comprehensive reading of the use of traditions of anthropogony, including the glory of Adam and the image of God, in this literature.
Ethnicity and the mixed marriage crisis in Ezra 9-10 : an anthropological approach
Slavery metaphors in early Judaism and Pauline Christianity : a traditio-historical and exegetical examination
A rivalry of genius : Jewish and Christian biblical interpretation in late antiquity
Things revealed : studies in early Jewish and Christian literature in honor of Michael E. Stone
Jesus in his Jewish context
Water is a vital resource and is widely acknowledged as such. Thus it often serves as an ideological and linguistic symbol that stands for and evokes concepts central within a community. This volume explores 'thinking of water' and concepts expressed through references to water within the symbolic system of the late Persian/early Hellenistic period and as it does so it sheds light on the social mindscape of the early Second Temple community.
God-fearers
Auferstehung - Resurrection : the Fourth Durham-Tübinger Research symposium Resurrection, Transfiguration and Exaltation in Old Testament, Ancient Judaism and Early Christianity (Tübinger, September, 1999
Interpretations of the flood
Riches, poverty, and the faithful : perspectives on wealth in the Second Temple period and the Apocalypse of John
How do the halakhic texts from Qumran as well as those Biblical Dead Sea Scrolls, which attest to legal texts of the Hebrew Bible, lead to a new interpretation and understanding of the Pentateuchal law collections and other legal texts in the Hebrew Bible and how do they help to illuminate the reception history of the Torah? These are the central question of this book. The book consists of four parts: Part I: The Legal Texts from Qumran and the Hebrew Bible, Part II: The Legal Texts from Qumran and Second Temple Judaism and Part III: The Legal Texts from Qumran and Rabbinic Judaism.
Judaism and Hellenism reconsidered
In the first three Gospels, Jesus rarely travels to Jerusalem prior to his final week. The Fourth Gospel, however, features Jesus' repeated visits to the city, which occur primarily during major festivals. This volume elucidates the role of the Jewish feasts of Passover, Tabernacles, and Dedication in John's presentation of Jesus. Gerry Wheaton examines the Gospel in relation to pertinent sources from the Second Temple and Rabbinic periods, offering a fresh understanding of how John appropriates the symbolic and traditional backgrounds of these feasts. Wheaton situates his inquiry within the larger question of Judaism in John's Gospel, which many consider to be the most anti-Semitic New Testament text. The findings of this study significantly contribute to the ongoing debate surrounding the alleged anti-Jewish posture of the Gospel as a whole, and it offers new insights that will appeal to scholars of Johannine theology, New Testament studies, and Jewish studies.
Making sense of sex : attitudes towards sexuality in early Jewish and Christian literature
A search for the origins of Judaism : from Joshua to the Mishnah
