http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21909 Anglo-Norman language
Anglo-Norman language
The chronicle of John of Worcester. Vol. 2, The annals from 450 to 1066
The contributions collected in this volume demonstrate the full range and vitality of current work on the Anglo-Norman period in a variety of disciplines. Subjects include the fables on the Bayeux Tapestry, the piety of Earl Godwine, the feudal quota of the pre-1066 Archbishops of Canterbury, Geoffrey Malaterra's treatment of Roger the Great Count, mints and money in Anglo-Norman England, the church of Lastingham, and a reappraisal of Lanfranc as theologian. David Bates is Professorial Fellow, University of East Anglia. Contributors: Martin Allen, Henry Bainton, Nicholas Brooks, Jonathan Grove, Toivo Holopainen, Chris Lewis, Tom Licence, Marie-Agnes Lucas-Avenel, Christopher Norton and Stuart Harrison, Rebecca Slitt, Stephen D. White, Ann Williams.
The transmission of Anglo-Norman : language history and language acquisition
Sefer ko'ah ha-avanim : (On the virtue of the stones)
Manual of Anglo-Norman
An Anglo-Norman medical compendium (Cambridge, Trinity College MS O.2.5 (1109))
"Cher alme" : texts of Anglo-Norman piety
Anglo-Norman Amys e Amilioun : the text of Karlsruhe, Badische Landesbibliothek, MS. 345 (Olim Codex Durlac 38) in parallel with London, British Library, MS Royal 12 C. XII
The chronicle of John of Worcester. Vol. 3, The annals from 1067 to 1140 with the Gloucester interpolations and the continuation to 1141
The English and the Normans : ethnic hostility, assimilation, and identity, 1066-c. 1220
The Saxons and the Normans
Anglo-Norman studies XXXIV : proceedings of the Battle Conference 2011
The Anglo-Norman language and its contexts
Everyday life in Anglo-Saxon, Viking and Norman times
Early medieval studies in memory of Patrick Wormald
The political songs of England, from the reign of John to that of Edward II
The Normans and their adversaries at war : essays in memory of C. Warren Hollister
Insular, Anglo-Saxon, and early Anglo-Norman manuscript art at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge : an illustrated catalogue
The maintenance of French in later medieval England
"Over the last fifty years Ann Williams has transformed our understanding of Anglo-Saxon and Norman society in her studies of personalities and elites. In this collection, leading scholars in the field revisit themes that have been central to her work, and open up new insights into the workings of the multi-cultural communities of the realm of England in the early Middle Ages. There are detailed discussions of local and regional elites and the interplay between them that fashioned the distinctive institutions of local government in the pre-Conquest period; radical new readings of key events such as the crisis of 1051 and a reassessment of the Bayeux Tapestry as the beginnings of the Historia Anglorum; studies of the impact of the Norman Conquest and the survival of the English; and explorations of the social, political, and administrative cultures in post-Conquest England and Normandy. The individual essays are united overall by the articulation of the local, regional, and national identities that that shaped the societies of the period."--Publisher's website.
Conceptualizing multilingualism in Medieval England, c. 800-c.1250
1066 : the year of the three battles
The English and their legacy, 900-1200 : essays in honour of Ann Williams
