http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21915 Anabaptists
Anabaptists
Meeting in Stuttgart, Germany, in 2010, the Eleventh Assembly of the Lutheran World Federation (LWF) asked for forgiveness from members of the Anabaptist/Mennonite tradition for the wrongs going back to the beginnings of the Lutheran movement in the sixteenth century that had led to painful divisions between the two Christian families. The Mennonites accepted this apology and both communities committed themselves to move toward reconciliation. On the threshold of the 500th anniversary of the Reformation, this publication brings together two reports: »Healing Memories: Reconciling in Christ« by the Lutheran-Mennonite International Study Commission and »Bearing Fruit – Implications of the 2010 Reconciliation between Lutherans and Mennonites/Anabaptists« by the LWF Task Force on Mennonite Action.
John Howard Yoder was one of the most important thinkers on just war and pacifism in the late twentieth century. This collection of Yoder's lectures and writings on these issues describes, analyzes, and evaluates various patterns of thought and practice in Western Christian history. --from publisher description.
Balthasar Hubmaier's doctrine of salvation in dynamic and relational perspective
Balthasar Hubmaier's doctrine of the Church
Balthasar Hübmaier : the leader of the Anabaptists
Balthasar Hubmaier's Understanding of Faith brings together Balthasar Hubmaier's ideas on faith, since he never wrote a specific treatise on faith himself. This analysis of Hubmaier's views on faith shows that he saw two kinds of faith as necessary and operative in the whole restoration process of fallen human beings. The first kind of faith suggests an expression of belief out of pure human capacity and free will, while the second type regards faith as a gift from God, by which sinners are regenerated, made healthy, and stand justified before God. The author sorts out the complex issues Hubmaier's writing discusses, to come to the conclusion that initial belief and saving faith are made possible by a prior act of God's grace, which makes the whole process of restoration, regeneration, and reconciliation possible. Although this understanding of faith shares much with Anabaptism, it more strongly reflects medieval theological roots. However, many concepts of Hubmaier's theology appear in many later Anabaptist and Baptist groups.
This book aims to explore the meaning of salvation in Balthasar Hubmaier's theology. Previous research has tended to explain and evaluate his theology by locating his identity among contemporary Anabaptists. Moreover, Hubmaier's theology has been variously labeled as Catholic Anabaptist, Magisterial Anabaptist, or as a bridge between the Radical and Magisterial branches of the Reformation. These approaches to Hubmaier's theology essentially depend on a static and transactional perspective where the result comes from the cause. Such an approach cannot fully explain the distinctive features of Hubmaier's theology, because his theology had multiple rather than single influences. To understand Hubmaier's theology, we need to focus on his motive and purpose in writing rather than external influences. This volume attempts to explore a new understanding of Hubmaier's theology reflecting a necessary change in our paradigmatic methodologies. This fresh perspective helps us see that Hubmaier's theology was not static and transactional but dynamic and relational. As Hubmaier's main purpose was to give readers a proper understanding of soteriology, his writings were written from this perspective, concentrating on salvation. This volume aims to enable the reader to access this unique understanding of soteriology by examining his primary texts in three categories: free will, baptism, and the Lord's Supper. To understand Hubmaier's theology through a new methodology leads us to rethink the meaning of salvation.
Challenging the widespread classification of evangelical theologian Balthasar Hubmaier (1480-1528) as a Schleitheim-adhering Anabaptist, this book argues that Hubmaier should instead be understood as a bridge between the Radical and Magisterial branches of the Reformation and provides for a deeper understanding of one of the 16th century's most creative and sophisticated thinkers.
Healing Memories : implications of the reconciliation between Lutherans and Mennonites
Christian attitudes to war, peace, and revolution
The Amish wedding and other special occasions of the old order communities
Balthasar Hubmaier's understanding of faith
This book is written as a resource for scholars and students of Anabaptism and Hubmaier studies. Balthasar Hubmaier understood the church to be a visible assembly of regenerated baptized saints, who both memorized Christ's suffering on the cross in the ordinance of the Lord's Supper, and who participated in that suffering as a church under the cross. Hubmaier's doctrine of the church seems to have many parallels both in medieval and sixteenth-century Anabaptist ecclesiology; but it cannot be solidly placed in either category. -- Review: Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies
A central European synthesis of radical and magisterial reform : the sacremental theology of Balthasar Hubmaier
The Anabaptist idea and the way of practicing care : reconsidering the meaning of life in the 21st century
