http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21967 zest for life
zest for life
The history of sexuality. 3, The care of the self
Desire : a history of european sexuality
How to fall in love
The human good
Addiction and self-control : perspectives from philosophy, psychology, and neuroscience
Trans people and their occupational choices
Envy : a novel
Living, loving, and loss : the interplay of intimacy, sexuality, and grief
Between sexual desire and reality : the evolution of sex in Finland
Fatal freedom is a defence of every individual's right to choose a voluntary death. The author, a renowned psychiatrist, believes that we can speak about suicide calmly and rationally, as he does in this book, and that we can ultimately accept suicide as part of the human condition. By maintaining statutes that determine that voluntary death is not legal, our society is forfeiting one of its basic freedoms and causing the psychiatric/medical establishment to treat individuals in a manner that is disturbingly inhumane according to Dr. Szasz. His work asks and points to clear, intelligent answers to some of the most significant ethical questions of our time: is suicide a voluntary act?; should physicians be permitted to prevent it?; should they be authorized to abet it? The author's analysis of these questions consistently holds forth patient autonomy as paramount; therefore, he argues, patients should not be prevented from exercising their free will, nor should physicians be permitted to enter the process by prescribing or providing the means of voluntary death. Dr. Szasz predicts that we will look back at our present prohibitory policies towards suicide with the same amazed disapproval with which we regard past policies toward homosexuality, masturbation and birth control. This comparison with other practices that started as sins, became crimes, then were regarded as mental illnesses, and are now becoming more widely accepted, opens up the discussion and understanding of suicide in a historical context. The book explores attitudes toward suicide held by the ancient Greeks and Romans, through early Christianity and the Reformation, to the advent of modern psychiatry and contemporary society as a whole. Our tendency to define disapproved behaviours as diseases has created a psychiatric establishment that exerts far too much influence over how and when we choose to die.
Fatal freedom : the ethics and politics of suicide
The how of happiness : a scientific approach to getting the life you want
"Making work pay" debates from a gender perspective : a comparative review of some recent policy reforms in thirty European countries
My heart & other black holes
Predictors of mortality in old age : contribution of self-rated health, physical functions, life satisfaction and social support on survival among older people
The fundamentals of ethics
The cow who climbed a tree
The decision book : fifty models for strategic thinking
Me before you
The fault in our stars
Life satisfaction in late life : markers and predictors of level and change among 80+ year olds
English summary: Inner narrative, life, and change.
The Radleys
Audrey (cow) : an oral account of a most daring escape, based more or less on a true story
