http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21972 pianists
pianists
Beyond the notes
Secret life of Glenn Gould : a genius in love
Bamboula! : the life and times of Louis Moreau Gottschalk
Glenn Gould : the ecstasy and tragedy of genius
Maris Gothóni - a young man dedicated to music
Henry Cowell : a man made of music
Composer-performer Julius Eastman was an enigma, both comfortable and uncomfortable in the many worlds he inhabited: black, white, gay, straight, classical music, disco, academia, and downtown New York. His music, insistent and straightforward, resists labels and seethes with a tension that resonates with musicians, scholars, and audiences today. Eastman's provocative titles, including Gay Guerrilla, Evil Nigger, Crazy Nigger, and others assault us with his obsessions. Eastman tested limits with his political aggressiveness, as recounted in legendary scandals he unleashed, for example, his June 1975 performance of John Cage's Song Books, which featured homoerotic interjections, and the uproar over his titles at Northwestern University. These episodes are examples of Eastman's persistence in pushing the limits of the acceptable in the highly charged arenas of sexual and civil rights. The essays in Gay Guerrilla offer context on Eastman's life history and the era's social landscape, commentaries on the composer's personality and talents, and analyses of his music. The book presents an authentic portrait of a notable American artist that is compelling reading for the general reader as well as scholars interested in twentieth-century American music, American Studies, gay rights, and civil rights.
Born in the UK as Margaret Marian Turner, she was trained in classical piano, yet was passionately attracted to jazz. During World War II she met jazz trumpeter Jimmy McPartland, protege of Biederbecke, married him, and together they made jazz history.
Japanese pianist Izumi Tateno : charmed up by the silence of Finnish nature
Piano musicians' identity negotiations in the context of the academy and transition to working life : a socio-cultural approach
Nina Simone : the biography
Great pianists speak for themselves
Pianisti = The pianist
Gay guerrilla : Julius Eastman and his music
My life with great pianists
Before the current re-birth of Shanghai and before the stagnation brought on by China's Cultural Revolution, there was a vibrant European community in Shanghai. An important element of this cultural oasis in China during the first half of the 1900's was the musical efforts of Maestro Mario Paci, an Italian pianist and conductor who reorganized the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra and taught piano and singing to a large number of devoted Chinese and European pupils. Intertwined with her father's life, Floria, the Maestro's daughter, shares her memoirs, from being born in Surabaya, Java to her English schooling in Shanghai and trips to Italy.
International piano competitions. Book 2, 15000 pianists
In search of musicianship : a practitioner-research project on pianists' aural-skills education
Monument eternal : the music of Alice Coltrane
Arrau on music and performance
The Lucy variations
Ernst von Dohnányi : a song of life
A natural history of the piano : the instrument, the music, the musicians - from Mozart to modern jazz, and everything in between
M. K. Čiurlionis : compositions for piano
Jerry Lee Lewis : his own story
My young years
Composition in black and white : the life of Philippa Schuyler
Ralf Gothoni : a chamber musician to the core
Fryderyk Chopin : pianist from Warsaw
Moiseiwitsch : biography of a concert pianist
Speaking of pianists..
My nine lives : a memoir of many careers in music
A bundle of time : the memoirs of Harriet Cohen
The Erroll Garner collection [CD]
Sleeping in temples
Chopin and beyond : my extraoridnary life in music and paranormal
Too marvelous for words : the life and genius of Art Tatum
Glenn Gould : a life in pictures
Shall we play that one together? : the life and art of jazz piano legend Marian McPartland
Reflections on a blue and white keyboard
The bear and the piano
A documentation of radio and television appearances by the jazz pianist and entertainer Thomas Fats Waller, from his first broadcast in 1923 at age 19, until his final airing shortly before his premature death in 1943. This book also includes a comprehensive discography and photos.
Conversations with Arrau
Oscar Peterson : the will to swing
Growing up in London in the aftermath of the Second World War, Ruth is an observant and thoughtful child who finds herself in a confusing and mysterious adult world. She seeks refuge in her memories of her idyllic stays with her grandparents in the picturesque East Anglian countryside - which provide comforting visions of a simpler life. As she comes to terms with her surroundings and her own adolescence, Ruth finds the motivation to pursue her dream of becoming an accomplished pianist, and discovers some family secrets along the way.
Busoni and the piano : the works, the writings, and the recordings
Horowitz : a biography of Vladimir Horowitz
Musical thoughts & afterthoughts
Music on my mind : the memoirs of an American pianist
Piano notes : the hidden world of the pianist
Xaver Scharwenka : sounds from my life : reminiscences of a musician
Grand piano
Great performers
Famous Pianists : Their technic
Alfred Brendel on music : three lectures
Sviatoslav Richter : notebooks and conversations
I really should be practicing
A dictionary of pianists
How young piano students become professional musicians
20 lessons in keyboard choreography : The basics of physical movements at the piano
The amazing Bud Powell : Black genius, jazz history, and the challenge of bebop
Blues / Keeping the faith
The memoirs of Harold von Mickwitz : edited and presented by The Mickwitz Club of Dallas, Texas
Chopin in Manchester
The pianist as magician
Johana Harris : a biography
Pianists at play : interviews, master lessons, and technical regimes
Fats Waller on the air : the radio broadcasts and discography
Don't pigeon-hole the pianist : Ralf Gothoni - pianist, conductor, composer, professor and thinker - wants to experience music in its fullness
My life in music
An interview with the pianist Eero Heinonen : musician as mirror?
Wondrous strange : The life and art of Glenn Gould
What every pianist needs to know about the body
Glenn Gould at work : greative lying
Passion with intellect : the inner voice of Olli Mustonen
The daughter of the Maestro : life in Surabaya, Shanghai, and Florence
Piano man : a life of John Ogdon
A walk on the Wild side : a memoir by virtuoso pianist Earl Wild
International piano competitions. Book 1, gathering the results : an introduction to books 2 and 3
Life and Liszt : the recollections of a concert pianist
Left of the bang
Morning glory : a biography of Mary Lou Williams
Svetik : a family memoir of Sviatoslav Richter
International piano competitons. Book 3, the results
Clara Schumann : the artist and the woman
The world of the concert pianist
Pianisti= The pianist
Great pianists on piano playing : Godowsky, Hofmann, Lhévinne, Paderewski and 24 other legendary performers
Don Andrés and Paquita : the life of Segovia in Montevideo
Piano performance in a semiotic key : society, musical canon and novel discourses
Out of tune : David Helfgott and the myth of Shine
Notable twentieth-century pianists : a bio-critical sourcebook
Piano playing : with piano questions answered
A musician divided : André Tchaikowsky in his own words
Arthur Rubinstein : a life
The Gould variations : technology, philosophy and criticism in Glenn Gould's musical thought and practice
The orchid house : a novel
The great pianists
La main du pianiste : methode d'education posturale progressive = The pianist's hand : progressive postural education method
Franz Liszt : musician, celebrity, superstar
Notebooks and conversations
