http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21981 creation stories
creation stories
The Silmarillion
Myths from Mesopotamia : creation, the flood, Gilgamesh, and others
Primeval history : Babylonian, biblical, and Enochic : an intertextual reading
The Norse myths : a guide to the gods and heroes
Great synty in Kalevaic and lament poetry
In and out of paradise : the Book of Genesis from Adam and Eve to the tower of Babel
Adam, Eve, and the Devil : a new beginning
Songs of creation among the Fenno-Ugrians around the Baltic
Reception of the creation of humanity : transmission and interpretation of the creation traditions in late Second Temple Jewish literature
The Bible : documentary. Osa 1, Vanha testamentti
Abstract in english.
The Bible : documentary. Osa 2, Mooseksen tarina
"Imagining Creation" discusses a wide selection of creation stories from different cultures, regions, and periods, from the Ancient Near East and India, Bible and Koran, to modern Africa and Europe.
First light : a history of creation myths from Gilgamesh to the God particle
This thesis investigates the transmission processes of earlier traditions in Judaism during the late Second Temple period (c. 250 BCE-70 CE). In previous research transmission has been seen rather one-sidedly as a series of literary dependencies that have been investigated almost exclusively as textual changes. The current study will contribute to this broad discussion from the point of view of the changes observable in the late Second Temple literature depicting in various ways the creation of humanity traditions. In practice the thesis maps out, how Jewish sages answered the most fundamental questions of human existence, such as why do humans live and die, and how can we live in harmony with nature, each other, and God. The focus of the study is on the different strategies of interpreting and transmitting the creation of humanity traditions. This dissertation is the first comprehensive study on changes in the traditions concerning the creation of humanity and their interpretation in late Second Temple Jewish literature, and what can they reveal about the mechanics of the transmission processes. Much has already been written by scholars, especially during the recent decade, concerning the general way texts were formed and the intentional and accidental changes happening in them during a literary transmission processes, as well as, on specific aspects of the individual source texts used in the thesis. But thus far there have been no studies that would have incorporated the full source material available from the Second Temple period with so many texts from different genres and text corpora, and investigated them from the perspective of a particular biblical tradition. It is demonstrated that the two creation accounts attested in Genesis form the background and stepping stone for all the later interpretive textual sources analyzed in this study. These two creation accounts are treated in numerous different ways in texts from the late Second Temple period when the form and status of Genesis had not yet been fully fixed. Some texts focus merely on the two creation accounts of Genesis and read them as one narrative. Many select and emphasize more elements from either the first or the second creation account whereas others seem to aim to incorporate all the available material from a wider range of traditions. Finally, there are also some compositions that pick a theme or an image from the Genesis creation accounts, supplement it with material from elsewhere and build their own interpretation on the basis of all of these. This research shows that in order to draw a comprehensive picture of the reception and transmission processes of the creation of humanity, the investigation cannot just function between the different text forms and with questions and terminology strictly linked to such a framework. Therefore, such an exploration should rather also incorporate the recognition of the importance of scribes and the various strategies they used, as well as, a consideration of the paradigm shifts on the societal level, that sometimes surfaced on the textual level and that forced scribes to reinterpret texts and traditions in novel ways.
The genetic text and dominion over all the Earth
The book of Genesis
When the gods were born : Greek cosmogonies and the Near East
The concept of the world creation in Karelian epic songs
There is no dog
FOLKLORE, MYTHS & LEGENDS. Who were the Norse gods - the mighty Aesyr, led by Odinn, and the mysterious Vanir? In The Norse Myths we meet this passionate and squabbling pantheon, and learn of the mythological cosmos they inhabit. Passages translated from the Old Norse bring this legendary world to life, from the myths of creation to ragnarok, the prophesied end of the world at the hands of Loki's army of monsters and giants, and everything that comes in between: the problematic relationship between the gods and the giants, in which enmity and trickery are punctuated by marriages and seductions; the (mis) adventures of human heroes and heroines, with their family feuds, revenges, marriages and murders; and the interaction between the gods and mortals, as Odinn, the Allfather, betrays his human proteges in order to recruit (dead) heroes for his army.
Imagining creation
The development of Thomas King's use of Native American creation stories and literary subversions of non-native texts : from theory to literary practice
Noah's flood : the Genesis story in Western thought
Founding the city, creating identity : marriage and ideology in Rome
Seven days that divide the world : the beginning according to Genesis and science
Forming. Vol II
Primal myths : creating the world
Nature, culture and gender : re-reading the folktale
