http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2195 assyriology
assyriology
The fall of Assyria and Median-Babylonian relations in light of the Nabopolassar Chronicle
The Assyrian army. 1., The structure of the Neo-Assyrian army : as reconstructed from the Assyrian palace reliefs and cuneiform sources, 1. infantry
Cuneiform parallels to the Old Testament
The antiquity of Iraq : a handbook of Assyriology
Layard of Nineveh
Excavations at Nippur : plans, details and photographs of the buildings, with numerous objects found in them during the excavations of 1889,1890, 1893-1896, 1899-1900
The royal hymns of Shulgi, King of Ur : man's quest for immortal fame
Cuneiform bullae of the third millenium B. C.
Studies in Neo-Babylonian economic and legal texts
Omen texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum concerning birds and other portents. 1, Texts
Babylonian penitential psalms to which are added fragments of the epic of creation from Kish in the Weld collection of the Ashmolean Museum : excavated by the Oxford-Field museum expedition
Chronology of the Shub-Ad culture
Excavations at Nuzi. Vol. 5,2
The Royal tombs of Ur of the Chaldees : A descriptive handbook with reproductions & maps
Assyrian and Babylonian chronicles
Unity and diversity : essays in the history, literature and religion of the ancient Near East
Assyria and beyond : studies presented to Mogens Trolle Larsen
Ishtar of Lagaba and her dress
Epics, hymns, omens and other texts
[The book] proposes a revised sequence of Old Assyrian eponyms and establishes a relative and an absolute chronology by way of linking textual evidence, dendrochronology and archaeological stratigraphy. This chronological framework is used to trace broader historical and social developments of political and territorial centralisation in Anatolia, as well as to offer new insights in the social and commercial history of the Old Assyrian trade. A number of economic and social transformations in Assyrian society over the course of two centuries are identified by way of a statistical and prosopographical analysis. It is shown how the economic system that drove the well-known overland trade of the early Colony Period collapsed in a dramatic fashion after only thirty years (c. 1895-1865 BC), and that a series of changes in administrative organisation were created in immediate response. A primary vehicle in financing the trade – the joint-stock enterprise – was abandoned, and exchange came to be organised by way of venture trade. A distinct community of hybrid Assyrian-Anatolian households grew more prominent as mixed families came to be engaged mainly in local Anatolian trade and agriculture. In turn, a small and wealthy Assyrian elite functioned as permanently settled foreign trading agents, and a distinctive group of itinerant merchants continued to engage in the caravan trade and connect the Anatolian colonies to the mother city of Assur.
The omen series Šumma Izbu. by Erle Leighty
Sale documents of the Ur-III-period
A selection from the miscellaneous inscriptions of Assyria and Babylonia
Composition of Some narrative reliefs from Khorsabad
Garments of the Gods : studies on the textile industry and the pantheon of Sippar according to the texts from the Ebabbar archive
The Herbert Weld collection in the Ashmolean Museum : Pictographic inscriptions from Jemdet Nasr
The ox that gored
Ur excavations. Texts 2, Archaic texts
Al-Tar I : excavations in Iraq, 1971-1974
Assyrian documents in the Musée d'Art et d'Histoire, Geneva
The Babylonian genesis : the story of the creation
Old Babylonian inscriptions chiefly from Nippur
Ur excavations. Texts 5, Letters and documents of the Old-Babylonian period
A dictionary of Assyrian chemistry and geology
A ceramic chronology from Tell Leilan : Operation 1
Historical records of Assyria : from the earliest times to Sargon. Vol. 1
Tradition and Innovation in the Ancient Near East : proceedings of the 57th Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale at Rome 4-8 July 2011
Business documents of Murashû sons of Nippur dated in the reign of Ataxerxes I (464-424 B. C.)
The notion of the desert in Sumero-Accadian and West-Semitic religions
Babylonian horoscopes
Neo-Assyrian legal texts in Istanbul
A dedicatory inscription of the Urartian king Išpuini
Documents from the temple archives of Nippur : dated in the reigns of Cassite rulers (incomplete dates). [2]
Tell Rubeidheh : un Uruk village in the Jebel Hamrin
Chronicles of Chaldaean kings (626-556 B.C.) in the British Museum
Ur excavations. Texts 4, Business documents of the New-Babylonian period
Collations to Neo-Assyrian legal texts from Nineveh
Documents from the temple archives of Nippur : dated in the reigns of Cassite rulers (complete dates). [1]
Tabulæ cuneiformes a F. M. Th. de Liagre Böhl collectæ, leidæ conservatæ. 3, Sumerian archival texts
Ur excavations. Texts 1, Royal inscriptions
The reports of the magicians and astrologers of Nineveh and Babylon in the British Museum. Vol. 2, English translations, vocabulary, etc
Excavations at Nuzi. 7, Economic and social documents
Contributions to the historical geography of the Zagros in the Neo-Assyrian period
The Assyrian army. 1., The structure of the Neo-Assyrian army : as reconstructed from the Assyrian palace reliefs and cuneiform sources, 2. cavalry and chariotry
Meltha ("The Word") : the independent public and political bulletin of the Assyrian National Club of Intellectuals : proceedings of the isuues no. 1-10, published from 1994 until 2000
Letters from Assyrian scholars to the kings Esarhaddon and Assurbanipal. 1, Texts
Répertoire géographique des textes cunéiformes. 8, Geographical names according to New- and Late-Babylonian texts
Babylonian legal and business documents : from the time of the first dynasty of Babylon chiefly from Sippar
Studies in honor of Benno Landsberger on his seventy-fifth birthday April 21, 1965.
Iconoclasm and text destruction in the ancient Near East and beyond
Tabulæ cuneiformes a F. M. Th. de Liagre Böhl collectæ, leidæ conservatæ. 1, Old Babylonian legal and administrative documents
The code of Ḫammurabi, king of Babylon
The collection of the Sumerian temple hymns
On the chemistry of the ancient Assyrians
Notes on some Nineveh horse lists
Legal documents from Erech dated in the Selucid era (312-65 B. C.)
Ancient Oriental seals in the collection of Mr. Edward T. Newell
The business and administrative correspondence under the kings of Ur
The reports of the magicians and astrologers of Nineveh and Babylon in the British Museum. Vol. 1, The cuneiform texts
Neo-Assyrian sculptures from Šaddikanni (Tell Ajaja)
Ur excavations. Texts 3, Business documents of the third dynasty of Ur
Mesopotamia before 5000 years
Assyrian and Babylonian contracts with Aramaic reference notes
Ur excavations. Texts 6, Literary and religious texts
Assyrian letters 1-5
The Assyrian herbal
Administrative texts chiefly concerning textiles (l. 2752)
Assyro-Babylonian liver-divination
The Ancient Orient : an introduction to the study of the Ancient Near East
Orient and Occident : Essays presented to Cyrus H. Gordon on the occasion of his sixty-fifth birthday
Neo-Assyrian royal grants and decrees
Royal inscriptions and fragments from Nippur and Babylon
Khabur ware and Nuzi ware : their origin, relationship, and significance
City administration in the Ancient Near East : Proceedings of the 53e Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale. Vol. 2
Ur excavations. Texts 9, Economis texts from the third dynasty
The vassal-treaties of Esarhaddon
Letters to Cassite kings from the temple archives of Nippur
Personal names from cuneiform inscriptions of Cappadocia
The art and architecture of the ancient Orient
Ur excavations. Texts 8, Royal inscriptions
Oaths and curses : a study in neo- and late Babylonian legal formulary
Amorite personal names in the Mari texts : a structural and lexical study
Economy and society in northern Babylonia in the early old Babylonian period (ca. 2000-1800 BC)
Early Neo-Assyrian state ideology : relations of power in the inscriptions and iconography of Ashurnasirpal II (883-859) and Shalmaneser III (858-824)
Babylonian and Assyrian religion
An adventure of great dimension : the launching of the Chicago Assyrian dictionary
The Old-Babylonian merchant, his business and his social position
The Sumerian tablets in the Imperial University of Kyoto
A Mediterranean seascape from Khorsabad
Nineveh and its remains
Some considerations on the Stelae of Assur
Sumerian administrative documents : dated in the reigns of the kings of the second dynasty of Ur from the temple archives of Nippur
Neo-Sumerian archival texts primarly from Nippur in the University Museum, the Oriental Institute and the Iraq Museum (Natn)
Historical records of Assyria : from Sargon to the end. Vol. 2
The royal inscriptions of Aššur-Nāṣir-Apli II (883-859 B.C.) : a study of the chronology of the Calah inscriptions together with an edition of two of these texts
The Tablets of Ebla : cocordance and bibliography
Western Asia in the days of Sargon of Assyria, 722-705 B. C. : a study in Oriental history
From the tablets of Sumer : twenty-five firsts in man's recorded history
The Babylonian legends of the creation and the fight between Bel and the Dragon as told by Assyrian tablets from Niniveh
Babylonian letters of the Ḫammurapi period
The laws of Eshnunna
Studies in Sumerian proverbs
Ups and downs at Kanesh : observations on chronology, history and society in the Old Assyrian period
The eighth in the Oriental Institute Seminar Series, this volume contains papers that emerged from the seminar Iconoclasm and Text Destruction in the Ancient Near East and Beyond, held at the Oriental Institute April 8-9, 2011. The purpose of the conference was to analyze the cases of and reasons for mutilation of texts and images in Near Eastern antiquity. Destruction of images and texts has a universal character; it is inherent in various societies and periods of human history. Together with the mutilation of human beings, it was a widespread and highly significant phenomenon in the ancient Near East. However, the goals meant to be realized by this process differed from those aimed at in other cultures. For example, iconoclasm of the French and Russian revolutions, as well as the Post-Soviet iconoclasm, did not have any religious purposes. Moreover, modern comprehension of iconoclasm is strongly influenced by its conception during the Reformation. This volume explores iconoclasm and text destruction in ancient Near Eastern antiquity through examination of the anthropological, cultural, historical, and political aspects of these practices. Broad interdisciplinary comparison with similar phenomena in the other cultures and periods contribute to better understanding them. -- from http://www.alibris.com/search/books/isbn/9781885923905.
Les rapports entre Nuzi et Ḫanigalbat ; The tallu measure of capasity at Nuzi
Cylinder and stamp seals in Australian collections
Business documents of Murashû sons of Nippur dated in the reign of Darius II (424-404 B. C.)
Ancient Oriental cylinder and other seals with a description of the collection of Mrs. William H. Moore
The arena of Tiglath-pileser III's campaign against Sarduri II (743 B.C.)
Studies on the Assyrian ritual and series bît rimki
A reconstruction of the ancient Mesopotamian city of Shuruppak
Hurrian personal names in the Rimah archives
Assyrians in Chaldean and Achaemenian Babylonia
The interpretation of dreams in the ancient Near East : with translation of an Assyrian dream-book
Archives and libraries in the City of Assur : a survey of the material from the German Excavations. Pt. 2
Late Babylonian astronomical and related texts
Catalogue of the Cuneiform tablets of the Wilberforce Eames Babylonian collection in The New York Public Library : tablets of the time of the Third Dynasty of Ur
Mesopotamia and the Bible : comparative explorations
The Chief Singer and Other Late Eponyms
The alleged Middle/Neo-Assyrian irregular verb *naṣṣ and the Assyrian sound change š > s
Proceedings of the 51st Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale, held at the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago, July 18-22, 2005
The anti-witchcraft series Maqlû : a student edition and selected commentary
Graphemic analysis of old Babylonian letters from South Babylonia
The old Assyrian city-state and its colonies
Empires of the plain : Henry Rawlinson and the lost languages of Babylon
King of the world : Ashur-nasir-pal II of Assyria 883-859 B.C
Ur excavations. Texts 7, Middle Babylonian legal documents and other texts
The seal impressions from Tell Atchana/Alalakh
Studies in biblical and cuneiform law
Isin year names
The Chicago Syllabary and the Louvre Syllabary AO 7661
Sumer and the Sumerians
Tell al-Fakhar (Kurruḫanni), a dimtu-settlement excavation report
Babylonian hymns and prayers by David W. Myhrman
A century of exploration at Niniveh
Royal correspondence of the Assyrian empire. 4, Supplement and indexes
Babylonian penitential psalms to which are added fragments of the epic of creation from Kish in the Weld collection of the Ashmolean Museum
State archives of Assyria studies
Historical and religious texts from the temple library of Nippur
Gudea and his dynasty
Cylinders and other ancient Oriental seals in the library of J. Pierpont Morgan
Assyrian medical texts from the originals in the British Museum
Power and women in the Neo-Assyrian palaces
