http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2191 culture shock
culture shock
Communication challenges of Finnish expatriates during the re-entry process
The psychology of culture shock
"The number of Western expatriates in China has grown exponentially over the past three decades, and their ability to manage cross-cultural relations has become increasingly crucial: to date, China ranks second amongst the international destinations for expatriation, occupying the top position in terms of challenges faced by expatriates and failure of assignments. Expatriates in China, aimed at both scholars and business professionals, draws from academic literature and explores the world of Western expatriates in the Chinese business context through the author's first-hand experience as an expatriate in conjunction with testimonials from interviewees. This study analyses numerous factors that can affect Western expatriates and their performance in China from the selection stage until after repatriation: pre-arrival linguistic and cultural training, expatriate recruitment and selection, culture shock, matters of international human resources management, expatriate identity issues, work practices, understanding 'the Chinese way' and the effective management of expatriate repatriation. "--
Why am I an alien in my own country? : communication problems that Finnish higher education level students encounter when returning to their home country
Culture shock : tolerance, respect, understanding ...and museums : summary
How the Garcia girls lost their accents
Adapting to a Finnish workplace : case : occupational immigration of Chinese metal workers.
Adapting to a Finnish workplace : case : occupational immigration of Chinese metal workers
Pushing hands
Outsourced
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette. Malaysia
Prepare future managers to face the differences in business communication across cultures. With the globalization of the world economy, it is imperative for current and future managers to be sensitive to the differences they will encounter in intercultural communication. To help make students aware of these differences, Intercultural Business Communication contains practical guidelines and information on how to conduct negotiations across countries, write business letters in different societies, and includes the general dos and don'ts in international business. The fifth edition contains new cases, updated examples, and information from ten newly published books and journal articles.
Shogun : 30th anniversary edition
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Taiwan
Expatriates in China : experiences, opportunities and challenges
The five stages of culture shock : critical incidents around the world
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Spain
Breaking through culture shock : what you need to succeed in international business
Deep culture : the hidden challenges of global living
Cross-cultural reentry : an annotated bibliography
Development of culture shock among exchange students
Abstract: Culrure shock: Development of cultural shock among exchange students.
Developing a Guide for Internship in Spain. Case: Spain Internship SC
Understanding intercultural communication
A beginner's guide to the deep culture experience : beneath the surface
Denmark : a survival guiden to customs and etiquette
Transcultural nursing - a book of readings
Foreign footballers’ integration challenges in Finland
Being there : learning to live cross-culturally
Culture shock : psychological reactions to unfamiliar environments
Intercultural skills needed by staffs in a multinational team
Culture shock and intercultural adaptation : an ethnography of egyptians in the United States
Todd Anderson gets the bad news from his boss, his job has been outsourced. Adding insult to injury, Todd must travel to India to train his own replacement. Sometimes getting lost is the best way to find yourself.
In the 1960s, political tension forces the Garca̕ family away from Santo Domingo and towards the Bronx. The sisters all hit their strides in America, adapting and thriving despite cultural differences, language barriers, and prejudice. But Mami and Papi are more traditional, and they have far more difficulty adjusting to their new country. Making matters worse, the girls--frequently embarrassed by their parents--find ways to rebel against them.
In real life
Encountering differences : study and learning environment culture-shock in Finland : (the case of Asian first year international students)
Fifteen-year-old math prodigy Seth Gordon hopes to compete professionally playing Starfare, the world's most popular computer game, but when he gets the chance to move to Korea and train full-time, he may not be ready for the culture shock and leaving his possible girlfriend, Hannah
Beat the Drum
Avoiding culture shock : exposure to unfamiliar cultural environments and its effect on exchange students
The exchange student survival kit
Intercultural business communication
Culture savvy : working and collaborating across the globe
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Netherlands
The cultural dimension of global business
How finnish exchange students experienced culture shock in People's Republic of China
Expatriate training for exchange students
Relationship between intercultural friendship networks and homesickness level of international degree students at a Finnish university
Veil : mirror of identity
The art of coming home
French Expatriate Family Adjustment During the OL3-Project
Adapting to a Finnish workplace : case: occupational immigration of Chinese metal workers
Sointula and the seeds of Kalervo Oberg's culture shock model
"That's not me" : learning to cope with sensitive cultural issues
The Good lie
The cultural dimension of international business
Spaces of aid : how cars, compounds and hotels shape humanitarianism
A concise Chinese-English dictionary for lovers
The good lie
Gap years for grown ups
Narratives of expatriates in the Middle East : adaptation, identity and learning in non-profit organizations
An updated new edition of James Neuliep's international bestseller. This undergraduate textbook provides a clear contextual model for examining communication within cultural, microcultural, environmental, sociorelational, and perceptual contexts
British as a second language
Exploring culture : exercises, stories and synthetic cultures
Culture shock and multiculturalism : reclaiming a useful model from the religious realm
Re-entry issues and challenges of Finnish repatriates : study of corporate expatriates, employees of the Ministry for Foreign Affairs, and employees of the defence forces
Immigrants' experiences of the finnish health care
Adjusting to foreign culture : acculturation process from youth's perspective
