http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21971 neuroimmunology
neuroimmunology
Multiple sclerosis in Northern Finland : epidemiological characteristics and comorbidities
Multiple sclerosis (MS) is the most frequent chronic inflammatory demyelinating disease of the central nervous system leading to neurological disability in young adults. Finland belongs to the high-risk areas of MS with continuously increasing of prevalence rates. In comparison to the general population, patients with MS have an increased risk of premature mortality. The extent of comorbidity rates and their role in the outcomes of MS have not been fully investigated. The aim of this thesis was to evaluate the epidemiology and survival of MS in Northern Ostrobothnia. The neurological comorbidity and frequency of fractures in patients with MS were also investigated. All MS patients diagnosed in Oulu University Hospital during 1990–2010 were included in this study. The prevalence of MS was 103/105; the mean overall incidence was 6.3/105. Women had a 2.3-fold higher MS incidence than men. The overall incidence figures were clearly affected by a pronounced increase among females. Neurological comorbidities were common in MS patients with 17.1 % of patients suffering from some other neurological diseases in addition with MS. The most common diseases were migraine (10.4 %) and epilepsy (4.7 %). The prevalence of stroke was similar in MS patients compared to the general population, but the 21-year survival rate was significantly lower in MS patients who had suffered a stroke compared with those MS patients without stroke. MS patients experienced a high risk for fragility fractures especially vertebral fractures. The possibility of osteoporosis had been examined only 26 % patients with fragility fractures and osteoporosis was detected in the majority. The prevalence of MS in our cohort was similar to the Finnish average, but in the Seinäjoki area, the prevalence was double the national average. Although the increasing incidence of female MS has been confirmed also in other studies, the reasons for this phenomenon are unknown. The increased risk for fragility fractures may be associated with low D vitamin levels or pathogenesis of MS. These findings emphasize the role of comorbid diseases in disability and survival of MS patients and attention should be paid to these conditions also in clinical practice.
Neuroimmunomodulation : the state of the art
Psychobiological processes in health and illness
Recent years have witnessed considerable growth in the field of psychoneuroimmunology, which describes how psychological factors, such as stress and depression, impact the neurological and immune systems. Kathleen Kendall-Tackett and an elite group of researchers explore the ways physical and psychological stressors such as poor sleep, PTSD, and depression, trigger the inflammatory response and increase the risk of disease. They approach this material from a variety of perspectives. Chapters in Part I describe the biological processes involved in inflammation, focusing on both the typical bodily response to threat as well as on the long-term deleterious effects of stress upon the immune system; while chapters in Part II examine the role of psychosocial stress in disease etiology. Throughout, chapter authors present evidence of connections between mind and body, and emphasize the need for improved communication between physicians and mental health care providers.
The origins of health and disease
Textbook of autism spectrum disorders
Introduction to psychoneuroimmunology
Health is maintained by the coordinated operation of all the biological systems that make up the individual. The Introduction to Psychoneuroimmunology, 2/e presents an overview of what has been discovered by scientists regarding how bodily systems respond to environmental challenges and intercommunicate to sustain health. The book touches on the main findings from the current literature without being overly technical and complex. The result is a comprehensive overview of psychoneuroimmunology, which avoids oversimplification, but does not overwhelm the reader. This title is single authored for consistency of breadth and depth, with no redundancy of coverage between chapters. It covers endocrine-immune modulation, neuro-immune modulation, and the enhancing or inhibiting processes of one or more systems on the others. It features expanded use of figures, tables, and text boxes.
Cutaneous neuroimmunomodulation : the proopiomelanocortin system
Up-regulated expression of decay-accelerating factor (CD55) confers increased complement resistance to sprouting neural cells
Immunotoxicology and immunopharmacology
The psychoneuroimmunology of chronic disease : exploring the links between inflammation, stress, and illness
Neuroendocrine and immune crosstalk
Problem-based immunology
Multiple sclerosis in Northern Finland:epidemiological characteristics and comorbidities
"Some phenomena in medicine and psychology remain unexplained by current theory. Chronic fatigue syndrome, repetitive strain injury and irritable bowel syndrome, for example, are all diseases or syndromes that cannot be explained in terms of a physiological abnormality. In this intriguing book, Michael Hyland proposes that there is a currently unrecognised type of illness which he calls 'dysregulatory disease'. Hyland shows how such diseases develop and how the communication and art of medicine, good nursing care, complementary medicine and psychotherapy can all act to reduce the dysregulation that leads to dysregulatory disease. The Origins of Health and Disease develops a novel theory for understanding health and disease, demonstrates how this theory is supported by existing data and how it explains currently unexplained phenomena. Hyland also shows how his theory leads to new testable predictions that, in turn, will lead to further scientific advancement and development"--Provided by publisher.
Neuroimmunomodulation : molecular aspects, integrative systems, and clinical advances
