http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21949 antimicrobial compounds
antimicrobial compounds
Photosynthetic pigment profile of Cordia myxa L. and its potential in folklore medicinal application
Methods for dilution antimicrobial susceptibility tests for bacteria that grow aerobically
A platform for anti-biofilm assays : combining biofilm viability, biomass and matrix quantifications in susceptibility assessments of antimicrobials against Staphylococcus aureus biofilms
Antifungal properties of Origanum glandulosum Desf. extracts
Coniferous resin salve, ancient and effective treatment for chronic wounds : laboratory and clinical studies
The biotechnology of lactic acid bacteria with emphasis on applications in food safety and human health
Mechanisms and development of antimicrobial resistance in Campylobacter with special reference to ciprofloxacin
Chemistry and biology of ellagitannins : an underestimated class of bioactive plant polyphenols
Wound-induction and molecular cloning of potato (S. tuberosum L) 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase
Lactic acid bacteria and their antimicrobial peptides : induction, detection, partial characterization, and their potential applications
Changes in antagonistic activity of lactic acid bacteria induced by their response to technological factors
Natural products as a source for rational antichlamydial lead-discovery
Beyond antimicrobial growth promoters in food animal production : working papers from the international symposium : Research Centre Foulum, 6-7 November 2002.
Antimicrobial growth promoters : where do we go from here?
In vitro antibacterial effects of single or combined plant extracts
Triclosan: friend or foe?
Purification and identification of antimicrobial substances produced by two Lactobacillus casei strains
Microbial infection in dental root canal induces an inflammatory reaction called apical periodontitis. In post-treament disease, Enterococcus faecalis is the most commonly found organism, which may survive well in root canal despite calcium hydroxide paste medication. In these cases, effective irrigation or repeated chlorhexidine medication are recommended. New medications with long-lasting antimicrobial activity are needed for the treatment of persistent root canal infections. 2-hydroxyisocaproic acid (HICA) is a protein fermentation product of lactobacilli and few other bacterial or fungal species express enzymes required for its metabolism. However, mammalian cells can metabolise it and use it for protein production. It is known to be well-tolerated by humans and have anti-inflammatory properties as well. Therefore, the hypothesis was that it affects microbe-specific metabolic pathways and have potential as a novel antimicrobial agent. The aim of this study was to evaluate the antibacterial and antifungal spectrum of HICA using in vitro microdilution methods for susceptibility testing and an ex vivo extracted tooth root canal infection-model. The impact of dentine on the antimicrobial activity of HICA was also evaluated. The results showed that HICA has broad-spectrum bactericidal activity for gram-positive and gram-negative organisms. It is also fungicidal for several fungal species and it is only marginally inactivated by clinically-relevant concentrations of dentine. It is at least as active against E. faecalis as presently-used interappointment medications in infected root canals after a seven-day incubation ex vivo. Since HICA has a broad-spectrum and long-term antimicrobial activity as well as an anti-inflammatory effect, it may be a useful new agent for clinical endodontology. However, controlled clinical studies are needed for evaluation of the efficacy of HICA in clinical conditions.
Antimicrobial food additives : characteristics - uses - effects
Molecular studies of Clavibacter michiganensis subsp. sepedonicus pathogenicity and characterization of antagonistic substances produced by a related species = Molekylære studier av patogenitet hos Clavibacter michiganensis subsp sepedonicus og karakterisering av antagonistiske stofrfer produsert av en beslektet art
Antibacterial activity of different organic honeys against food pathogenic bacterium Clostridium perfringens
Principles and practice of disinfection, preservation and sterilisation
Stress responses of Gram-positive bacteria to cationic antimicrobial peptides
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
The formation and antimicrobial activity of nisin and plant derived bioactive components in lactic acid bacteria fermentations
Proceedings of the First International Symposium on Natural Preservatives in Food Systems : Princeton, USA, March 30-31, 2005
Berry phenolics: antimicrobial properties and mechanisms of action against severe human pathogens
New methods of food preservation
Antimicrobial resistance in the environment
The extracts of Aspergillus niger, Lactobacillus lactis and Nigella sativa seeds as aflatoxin and growth inhibitors of Aspergillus flavus were screened. Minimal inhibitory (MIC) and minimal fungicidal (MFC) concentrations of the extracts were determined. N. sativa seeds extract showed a higher inhibitory effect than the other two bioagents extracts. The results show that N. sativa extract inhibits growth and aflatoxin production, which may be due to a reduction in lipid biosynthesis in the toxin producing cultures. The correlation between versicolorin A accumulation and aflatoxin biosynthesis by A. flavus Link was also discussed. It could be of significant importance as bio-preservatives in the prevention and control of aflatoxin production.
Performance standards for antimicrobial disk susceptibility tests
Lantibiotic nisin and its detection methods
Polyphenolic and essential oil composition of Mentha and their antimicrobial effect
Listeria monocytogenes is a foodborne pathogen responsible for the disease listeriosis. The antibacterial activity of aqueous extracts and essential oils of medicinal plants on L. monocytogenes isolated from chicken meat were investigated using disc diffusion and serial dilution techniques. Extracts and essential oils produced inhibition zone of 8-18 mm against the test bacteria. The essential oil of Thymus danensis and Thymus spp. (Elam) flowers exhibited antibacterial activities against Listeria monocytogenes. These essential oils of the test plants produced larger inhibition zones against the bacteria than the other plant extracts. The minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC>=50% growth inhabitation) for Thymus danensis and Thymus spp. were 700 and 1700 micro g/ml, respectively. In general, our study suggests that natural products derived from some of the medicinal plants have the potential to be used as food preservatives.
Omega-3 fatty acid composition and biological activity of three microalgae species
Bioactivity of medicinal plant extracts against Listeria monocytogenes isolated from food
Weakening of the Gram-negative bacterial outer membrane : a tool for increasing microbiological safety
Effect of some bioagents on growth and toxin production of  Aspergillus flavus Link
Antimicrobial activity and suitability of 2-hydroxyisocaproic acid for the treatment of root canal infections
Recommendations for the use of antimicrobial agents in the treatment of the most significant infectious diseases in animals
This study examined the changes in antagonistic activity of selected lactic acid bacteria (LAB) in response to technological factors used in food production. The antimicrobial activity of 12 selected LAB strains was assessed against the bacterial and fungal strains using the agar well diffusion method. Sodium chloride (NaCl) 6.5-8.0%, glucose 20-30% and pH 4.0, pH 8.0 and higher were the most crucial factors in reducing the spectra of the microorganisms antagonized. Heating at 80 °C or 100 °C had a greater negative impact than 63 °C on the antifungal activity of LAB. Freezing at -72 °C eliminated the antifungal activity, or it changed from fungicidal to fungistatic. Although each LAB demonstrated the ability to retain antimicrobial activity induced by various technological factors, Lactococcus lactis 768/5 was superior in retaining high antimicrobial activity against tested indicator strains.
Antimicrobial compounds and extracellular polysaccharides produced by lactic acid bacteria : structures and properties
Helicobacter pylori in gastric microbial ecology and its antimicrobial susceptibility pattern
Weakening of the Gram-negative bacterial outer membrane : a tool for ingreasing microbiological safety
