http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2197 mechanical technology
mechanical technology mechanical engineering technology
Fundamental principles of manufacturing processes
The effects of some variables on CO2 laser-MAG hybrid welding
Fabrication and welding engineering
Papermaking science and technology. Book 5, Mechanical pulping
Variation of colour and selected physical and mechanical properties related to artificial drying of sawn silver birch (Betula pendula Roth) timber from plantations
Abstract.
Machining dynamics : frequency response to improved productivity
Company's strategy based formation of e-workplace performance in the engineering industry
Secrets of 5-axis machining
Folding architecture : spatial, structural and organizational diagrams
Solders and soldering : materials, design, production, and analysis for reliable bonding
A thorough look at the CNC machine--from the physical parts and mechanics to the software that makes it run -- and all of its capabilities in such common industries as food processing, metal and wood cutting, medical, and automotive, to name a few. Readers will learn to build, program, and use CNCs in every sort of way.
In the making : a practice-led enquiry into prototyping in designing a touch-free faucet
Machinery's Handbook has been the most popular reference work in metalworking, design, engineering and manufacturing facilities, and in technical schools and colleges throughout the world for nearly 100 years. It is universally acknowledged as an extraordinarily authoritative, comprehensive, and practical tool, providing its users with the most fundamental and essential aspects of sophisticated manufacturing practice. The 29th edition of the "bible of the metalworking industries" contains major revisions of existing content, as well as new material on a variety of topics. It is the essential reference for mechanical, manufacturing, and industrial engineers, designers, draftsmen, toolmakers, machinists, engineering and technology students, and the serious home hobbyist. - Publisher.
Development of manufacturing technologies integrating electronics and mechanics : four case studies
Machine tools for high performance machining
Peterson's stress concentration factors
Electrical and mechanical engineering directory
Materials selection in mechanical design : appendix c : materials and process selection charts
Spruce and pine on drained peatlands : wood quality and suitability for sawmill industry
Metals handbook. 10, Materials characterization
Spruce and pine on drained peatlands : wood quality and suitability for the sawmill industry
Materials and process selection charts : materials and process selection charts
Fundamentals of modern manufacturing : materials, processes, and systems
Fundamentals of machining and machine tools
Computer-aided mechanical design and analysis
Mechanical and corrosion properties of super duplex stainless steel weldments
Technology of machine tools
Designing of sheet metal bending test device
Design of structural connections to Eurocode
Solid and laminated wood bending
Mechanical engineering research in Finland 2000-2007 : international evaluation
Mechanical engineering design
Testing, comissioning and additional development of neural network application for condition monitoring of wind turbine drive train
Redesign an American PTV Go-Kart with Available Metric Components.
Industrial machinery repair : best maintenance practices pocket guide
Wood technology
Machining technology : machine tools and operations
Innovations in Materials Manufacturing, Fabrication, and Environmental Safety
Mechanical design for the stage
Materials selection in mechanical design
Machinery's handbook : a reference book for the mechanical engineer, designer, manufacturing engineer, draftsman, toolmaker, and machinist
Design of sustainable composite products produced with a novel extrusion procedure
Thermo-hydro-mechanical processing of wood
Reliability studies on printed conductors on flexible substrates under cyclic bending
Master thesis 2014 [sic]
Metal : design and fabrication
Fundamentals of manufacturing engineering
Manufacturing engineering and technology
This thesis investigates the reliability of printed conductors on flexible substrates under cyclic bending. The topic is approached by studying the effects of several key design parameters on the bending lifetime of printed conductors under dynamic loading.In this thesis, the test specimens with various cross-sectional geometries were printed on different plastic and paper substrates. The test samples were fabricated with two printing methods, silk screen and roll-to-roll printing, by utilizing three different silver pastes as the conductive material. To evaluate the long-term performance of the printed traces, the test specimens were exposed to cyclic bending and their electrical behaviour during the test was monitored with resistance measurements.The bending test results were analysed by utilizing the Weibull analysis, with a 20% increase in resistance as the failure criterion. This method yielded a characteristic lifetime for a test population, including 10 individual test specimens. When comparing the characteristic lifetimes of all of the fabricated test populations, it was observed that all of the varied design parameters had an effect on the bending reliability of the printed traces. However, within the studied geometries and materials, the substrate was found to have the highest impact on the long-term electrical performance of printed conductors under cyclic bending.The study proves that the bending reliability of printed conductors can be enhanced by proper design choices. This is done by minimizing the strain when the printed trace is subjected to bending.
Dictionary of mechanical engineering
Handbook of mechanical engineering calculations
Manufacturing processes for engineering materials
Machining dynamics : fundamentals, applications and practices
Marks' standard handbook for mechanical engineers
Metals handbook. 15, Casting
CNC machining handbook : building, programming, and implementation
The MEMS handbook
The mechanics of solder alloy interconnects
Materials for engineers and technicians
Plastic recycling
Seminar on new technologies and applications in the wood-based panels sector, Poland, Gdansk 20-24.5.1991. Vol. 2.
Mechanical behaviour of wood exposed to humidity variations
Materials processing during casting
A focus on SLM and SLS methods in 3D printing
Soldering in electronics : a comprehensive treatise on soldering technology for surface mounting and through-hole techniques
Ohutlevyjen taivutus = Bending of sheet metal
Kierteet = Gängor = Threads
Machinery's handbook
Mechanics of materials
Fundamentals of machining processes : conventional and nonconventional processes
A textbook of manufacturing technology (manufacturing processes) : for B.E., B.Tech., A.M.I.E.-section B, diploma, and competitive examinations
Research programme on the Future Mechanical Engineering 2000-2003 : evaluation report
Timber engineering : proceedings for the 1992 conference Bordeaux, France, Nancy, France AUgust 1992.
