http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21961 Icelandic language literature
Icelandic language literature
Icelandic books of the seventeenth century 1601-1700
Njals saga, the greatest of the sagas of the Icelanders, was written around 1280. It tells the story of a complex feud, that starts innocently enough in a tiff over seating arrangement at a local feast, and expands over the course of 20 years to engulf half the country, in which both sides are effectively exterminated, Njal and his family burned to death in their farmhouse, the other faction picked off over the entire course of the feud. Law and feud feature centrally in the saga, Njal, its hero, being the greatest lawyer of his generation. No reading of the saga can do it justice unless it takes its law, its feuding strategies, as well as the author's stunning manipulation and saga conventions. In 'Why is your axe bloody' W.I. Miller offers a lively, entertaining, and completely orignal personal reading of this lengthy saga.
The Babel guide to Scandinavian and Baltic fiction
Gaelic influence in Iceland : historical and literary contacts : a survey of research
Treasures of Icelandic verse
Arctic chill
I remember you
Heaven and hell
THE LAXDOELA SAGA
Gripla is a peer-reviewed annual journal. It publishes articles and notes on topics within Icelandic and Old Norse studies, particularly in the fields of manuscript studies, literature and folklore, as well as editions of short texts. Its principal language is Icelandic but articles in any of the other Scandinavian languages, English, German or French are also accepted. Articles should be accompanied by a brief summary in another language. The deadline for submissions is April 1 every year. Each volume of Gripla contains a list of manuscripts cited. Gripla has been added to the Arts and Humanities Citation Index compiled by Thomson Reuters.
The heart of man
The story of Burnt Njal
Lemmatized index to the Icelandic Homily Book : Perg. 15 4° in the Royal Library, Stockholm
Arctic Chill
Someone to watch over me
The rewriting of Njáls Saga : translation, ideology and Icelandic sagas
Old Icelandic literature and society
A companion to old Norse-Icelandic literature and culture
Silence of the grave
Jómsvíkinga saga = The saga of the Jomsvikings
The undesired
Origins of Icelandic literature
Iceland's bell
The saga of Grettir the strong
Retellers of tales : an evaluation of English translations of Laxdæla saga
Brushstrokes of blue : the young poets of Iceland
Njáls saga and its Christian background : a study of narrative method
My soul to take
Arts and culture in Iceland. Literature
The Edda songs and sagas of Iceland : a lecture by George Browning
The draining lake
Icelandic books of the seventeenth century (1601-1700)
Ashes to dust
Strange shores
Law and literature in medieval Iceland : Ljósvetninga saga and Valla-Ljóts saga
The rhythms of dróttkvætt and other Old Icelandic metres
The blue fox
Bibliographical notes
A history of Icelandic literature
The saga of the Jomsvikings = Jomsvikinga saga
The poetic Edda. Vol.1, Heroic poems
An enchanting blend of autobiography, diary, philosophical inquiry and fantasy, 'Land of Love and Ruins' is a richly imagined and utterly unique book about being human in the modern world.
Stone tree
'Why is your axe bloody?' : a reading of Njáls Saga
The unwashed children of Eve : the production, dissemination and reception of popular literature in post-Reformation Iceland
Land of love and ruins
Operation Napoleon
The poetic Edda. Volume 2, Mythological poems
Jar city
The sagas of Icelanders
The day is dark
Selected papers
Evil and the earth : the symbolic background of Mörđr Valgarđsson in Njáls saga : a study in medieval allegory
This book presents poems from Palsson's ten collections written between 1980-2008. Swirling with imagery, they reveal a poet committed to unearthing the joy of living connected to the natural world. For Palsson, poetry contains such energy and force to upset chronology, ideas run amok, views close and open. Space is compressed so the various fabrics of the world are folded into each other, creating a causal layering of the natural and man-made. This is a thrilling sweep across this poet's work.
The complete sagas of Icelanders : including 49 tales
Tools of literacy : the role of skaldic verse in Icelandic textual culture of the twelfth and thirteenth centuries
Skáldskaparmál : Snorri Sturluson's ars poetica and medieval theories of language
King Harald's saga : Harald Hardradi of Norway
Orkneyinga saga : the history of the Earls of Orkney
Icelandic folk legends : tales of apparitions, outlaws and things unseen
The Viking discovery of America
Independent people : an epic
The silence of the sea
The so-called Second grammatical treatise : an orthographic pattern of late thirteenth-century Icelandic
The Icelandic Homily Book : perg. 15 4 ̊in the Royal Library, Stockholm
The Nordic Poetry Festival anthology
The genesis of a saga narrative : verse and prose in Kormaks saga
The ice lands
Óðsmál : mankind's favourite topic fascinating Being in an earnest discussion between Óður, the Norse god, Freyja's beloved husband nowhere to be found and the little Völva, a human being, a wise, veracious, old, Icelandic woman
Icelandic sagas and manuscripts
Justice undone
Sometimes grim, sometimes uproarious, and always captivating, Iceland’s Bell by Nobel Laureate Halldór Laxness is at once an updating of the traditional Icelandic saga and a caustic social satire. At the close of the 17th century, Iceland is an oppressed Danish colony, suffering under extreme poverty, famine, and plague. A farmer and accused cord-thief named Jon Hreggvidsson makes a bawdy joke about the Danish king and soon after finds himself a fugitive charged with the murder of the king’s hangman. In the years that follow, the hapless but resilient rogue Hreggvidsson becomes a pawn entangled in political and personal conflicts playing out on a far grander scale. Chief among these is the star-crossed love affair between Snaefridur, known as “Iceland’s Sun,” a beautiful, headstrong young noblewoman, and Arnas Arnaeus, the king’s antiquarian, an aristocrat whose worldly manner conceals a fierce devotion to his downtrodden countrymen. As their personal struggle plays itself out on an international stage, Iceland’s Bell creates a Dickensian canvas of heroism and venality, violence and tragedy, charged with narrative enchantment on every page.
The legendary sagas : origins and development
Old Norse-Icelandic literature : a short introduction
From the mouth of the whale
