http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p21954 early support
early support
Early intervention with multi-risk families : an integrative approach
The developmental systems approach to early intervention
Network-based practices in the prevention of social exclusion among schoolchildren in St. Petersburg
Children's social competence : theory and intervention
Making RTI work : how smart schools are reforming education through schoolwide response-to-intervention
The promise of response to intervention : evaluating current science and practice
Maternal sensitivity behavior and infant crying, fussing and contented behavior : the effects of mother's experienced social support
Art as an early intervention tool for children with autism
The family school : the impact of a group training programme on overactive hard-to-manage preschool children and their parents
In educational political discussions diversity is approached as a challenge connected to cognitive,  linguistic, cultural, ethnic or sex questions. The greatest obstacles of inclusion are connected to  attitudes towards diversity. Vocational education in Finland is striving to create learning environments,  schools, educational organizations, work life and possibilities to include mixed ability students  according to inclusive ideology. Implementing those principles is supported by commitment, new  pedagogical solutions, curricula, learning environments, flexible and individual learning paths and  teachers' professional competencies. The aim is to make special needs students study together with  fellow students in an environment suitable to learning and studying, despite different starting points.  The number of special needs students has increased in vocational institutes. All teachers should have  special pedagogical preparedness in teacher education.  The research questions were:  1. What kind of experiences do teachers have for teaching/ guiding special needs students in an  inclusive learning environment at vocational secondary level?  2. What kind of competences do teachers think they are expected to have in teaching/ guiding special  needs students at vocational secondary level?  3. What kind of experiences do vocational teachers have to support special needs students in practice?  The research material consisted of semi-structured thematic interviews of seven (N=7) vocational  teachers in 2015 – 2016 from five various fields of science, with professional experience ranging from  5 to 28 years. The interviews were transcribed word for word.  The analyzing method was qualitative contents analysis. Attention was paid to similarities and  differences of opinions. Efforts were made to create a global and clear picture of the phenomenon to  be studied. Thus this research aims at the interpretation of individual experiences.  The research outcomes show that vocational teachers experience daily activities positively in inclusive  learning environments. Efforts of education organizers are praised for special pedagogical solutions,  various forms of support and guidance. The significance of a teacher's personal attitude to students'  progress is also clearly observable. Although the work is challenging and requires giving up traditional  teacher roles, experiences of success are rewarding and encouraging. Teachers feel that when a worry  appears, the matters must be grabbed immediately.
Effective social work with children, young people and families : putting systems theory into practice
Vocational Teacher's Competence in Inclusive Learning Environment
Truancy prevention and intervention : a practical guide
Routines-based early intervention : supporting young children and their families
This book looks at the changing context of children and young people's services heralded by the structural, organisational and funding changes put forward in Eileen Munro's Review of Child Protection. It is strongly grounded in research and theory, and gives specific consideration to how systems theory can help practitioners in understanding families. It highlights the need for every social work practitioner to develop the capacity to undertake unified assessments and interventions in a wide variety of settings with individuals, families, and groups where there are child protection and safeguarding concerns. With case studies, interactive activities, summaries and guidance throughout, this book will be essential reading for all social work students and qualified social work practitioners, as well as all those involved in the field of child protection.
The psychology of group aggression
Support of parenting and bonding in neonatal hospital care
Early intervention for reading difficulties : the interactive strategies approach
Early intervention : supporting and strengthening families
English summary.
Social policy change through participation : does parents' participation make a difference in the reform of services for children, adolescents and families?
Early motherhood at risk : mothers with substance dependency
Resource-enhancing nursing at home for families with small children : evaluation of early interventions
Children and violence : nature, consequences and interventions
Communication, language and literacy in the early years foundation stage
Stepwise, tailored implementation of brief alcohol intervention for risky drinkers in health care
Time out! Getting life back on track : a psychosocial support programme targeted at young men exempted from compulsory military or civil service
