http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22 housekeeping advice
housekeeping advice domestic science advice
Money magic : seven simple steps to true financial freedom
The household development approach within the IRDPs in northern, Luapula, and eastern provinces
Abstract.
Creating consumers : home economists in twentieth-century America
Maataloudellinen kotitalousopetus = Husmodersundervisningen inom lanthushållet = Der landwirtschaftliche Hauswirtschaftsunterricht = Teaching of rural domestic science = Enseignemet de l'économi domestique rurale : oppilaitokset, harjoittelu, neuvonta = läroanstalterna, lärlingsinstitutionen, instruktionsverksamheten = Lehranstalten, Lehrlingswesen, Beratung = schools, training, travelling instructors = ecoles, travaux pratiques, enseignement ambulant
"Home economics emerged at the turn of the twentieth century as a movement to train women to be more efficient household managers. At the same moment, American families began to consume many more goods and services than they produced. To guide women in this transition, professional home economists had two major goals: to teach women to assume their new roles as modern consumers and to communicate homemakers' needs to manufacturers and political leaders. Carolyn M. Goldstein charts the development of the profession from its origins as an educational movement to its identity as a source of consumer expertise in the interwar period to its virtual disappearance by the 1970s. Working for both business and government, home economists walked a fine line between educating and representing consumers while they shaped cultural expectations about consumer goods as well as the goods themselves. Goldstein looks beyond 1970s feminist scholarship that dismissed home economics for its emphasis on domesticity to reveal the movement's complexities, including the extent of its public impact and debates about home economists' relationship to the commercial marketplace. "--Provided by publisher.
Home economics advisory services in rural areas of Europe
Personal money management
Abstract: Debt counselling and the problems in debt counselling work.
The young family project : 1979-1984
A DanMink databank for support of a commercial breeding programme : a tool for the minkfarmer and the local adviser
Waste prevention at source until 2010, JESSE : final report of the project
Improving nutrition through home gardening : a training package for preparing field workers in Africa
Summary: In close consultation: Advising the consumer on domestic financing and debt restructuring.
The complexity of food-related activities in a household context : study of Finnish homemakers' food choices and nutrition knowledge
Women's voluntary associations in Finland during the 1920s and 1930s
Dr Graham Lawler's Back to the black : how to get out of debt and stay out of debt
Living rich for less money : create the lifestyle you want by giving, saving, and spending smart
