http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22028 community media
community media
Nanotechnology perceptions : literature review on media coverage, public opinion and NGO perspectives
Digital revolutions : activism in the Internet age
After the Internet, before democracy : competing norms in Chinese media and society
European public spheres : politics is back
Citizen journalism : valuable, useless, or dangerous?
This paper reports on the process and findings of an extensive research project with the aim of investigating present initiatives and approaches within the area of community resilience and citizen involvement. The paper specifically addresses which emerging sociotechnical approaches can be discerned within these initiatives. The discussion is structured within three categories of potential voluntary engagement; organized volunteers, semiorganized individuals, and “nonorganized” individuals. The empirical material assembled in the research project is contrasted with contemporary international research literature regarding sociotechnical means for enhancing community resilience. Swedish approaches, as is noted in the Conclusion of the paper, are primarily focused on consuming information in the pre-event phase, rather than on producing information and engaging in collaboration in the response phase.
Social media for business: 101 ways to grow your business without wasting your time
The future of newspapers
"Much of what journalism scholars thought they knew about gatekeeping--about how it is that news turns out the way it does--has been called into question by the recent seismic economic and technological shifts in journalism. Some might ask: Given the new realities of economic, technological and institutional changes, does gatekeeping matter? In this anthology, an international roster of contributors attempt to answer that question, examining the role of gatekeeping in the twenty-first century and arguing for its place in contemporary scholarship about news and journalism"--
Citizen journalism : global perspectives
Journalism as activism : recoding media power
Globalization, communication and transnational civil society
Do you want to help build what's "next" for journalism? Then jump into Mark Briggs' proven guide for leveraging digital technology to do better journalism. The media landscape changes with such ferocious speed that as soon as new technologies gain a foothold, older ones become obsolete. To keep ahead and abreast of these ever-evolving tools and techniques, Briggs offers practical and timely guidance for both the seasoned professional looking to get up to speed and the digital native looking to root their tech know-how in real journalistic principles. Learn how to effectively blog, crowdsource, use mobile applications, mine databases, and expertly capture audio and video to report with immediacy, cultivate community, and tell compelling stories. Journalism Next will improve digital literacy, fast. Briggs begins with the basics and then explores specialized skills in multimedia so you can better manage online communities and build an online audience.
NewsMaze : prototyping a tool for critical news reading
Citizen witnessing : revisioning journalism in times of crisis
Understanding Fukushima : designing for an embodied interaction with citizen science data
New publics with/out democracy
"SlutWalk is a study of the global anti-rape movement of the same name, in eight nations which organized marches: Australia, Canada, India, New Zealand, Singapore, South Africa, the UK and US. It demonstrates the mainstream news' unprecedented support for SlutWalk, suggesting that we may be finally moving away from an era in which feminism is seen as dead, redundant or passe;. Yet despite this overwhelming support, mainstream coverage was often shallow, particularly when compared to the feminist blogosphere, which provided sophisticated and nuanced analyses of sexual assault and rape culture. The feminist blogosphere was also a key site for critiquing patriarchal rape myths, and providing 'counter-memories' of the movement. This book examines representations of the movement in mainstream news and feminist blogs, and documents the experiences, routines and strategies of 22 organizers who were involved in the movement between 2011 and 2014. In doing so, it presents a robust and original analysis of modern feminist activism from various angles, and is a must-read for anyone interested in modern feminist protest and campaigns. "--
Social media economy = Sosiaalisen median talous
Citizen journalism. Volume 2 : global perspectives
Community media : a global introduction
Blogging, citizenship, and the future of media
Network journalism : journalistic practice in interactive spheres
To-from : designing a non-verbal reciprocal online connection : case study of Japan support flag
DIY citizenship : critical making and social media
Alternative and activist media
E-inclusion guidelines : supporting diversity
The little book of the cultural hijacker : towards critical action graphic design
Gatekeeping in transition
The logic of connective action : digital media and the personalization of contentious politics
The alternative media handbook
Creating the witness : documenting genocide on film, video, and the Internet
SlutWalk : feminism, activism and media
New media, old news : journalism & democracy in the digital age
Social media : communication, sharing and visibility
Media independence : working with freedom or working for free?
Challenging the news : the journalism of alternative and community media
Includes more than 250 essays on the varied experiences of social movement media throughout the world in the 20th and 21st centuries.
"The official word from Twitter on how to harness the power of the platform for any cause. As recent events in Japan, the Middle East, and Haiti have shown, Twitter offers a unique platform to connect individuals and influence change in ways that were unthinkable only a short time ago. In Twitter for Good, Claire Diaz Ortiz, Twitter's head of corporate social innovation and philanthropy, shares the same strategies she offers to organizations launching cause-based campaigns. Filled with dynamic examples from initiatives around the world, this groundbreaking book offers practical guidelines for harnessing individual activism via Twitter as a force for social change. Reveals why every organization needs a dedicated Twitter strategy and explains how to set one Introduces the five-step model taught at trainings around the world: T.W.E.E.T. (Target, Write, Engage, Explore, Track) Author @claired is the head of corporate social innovation and philanthropy at Twitter, working with organizations like Nike, Pepsi, MTV, the American Red Cross, charity:water, Room to Read, the Gates Foundation, the Skoll Foundation, the Case Foundation, National Wildlife Federation, Kiva, the United Nations, Free the Children, Committee to Protect Journalists, Partners in Health, FEMA, Ushahidi, The Acumen Fund, TED With more than 200 million users worldwide, Twitter has established itself as a dynamic force, one that every business and nonprofit must understand how to use effectively"--
News on the internet : information and citizenship in the 21st century
Building the fourth estate : democratization and the rise of a free press in Mexico
Community media : people, places, and communication technologies
The new community rules : marketing on the social web
Social media and women of the Arab Spring : effects of social media on Egyptian women's participation in the revolution
Media literacy education : nordic perspectives
"Based on an in-depth examination of Mexico's print and broadcast media over the last twenty-five years, this book is the most richly detailed account available of the role of the media in democratization, demonstrating the reciprocal relationship between changes in the press and changes in the political system. In addition to illuminating the nature of political change in Mexico, this accessibly written study also has broad implications for understanding the role of the mass media in democratization around the world." --Publisher's description.
Remaking media : the struggle to democratize public communication
Summary: The euro crisis has led to an unprecedented Europeanization and politicization of public spheres across the continent. In this volume, leading scholars make two claims. First, they suggest that transnational crossborder communication in Europe has been encouraged through the gradual Europeanization of national as well as issue-specific public spheres. Second, the politicization of European affairs - at the European Union (EU) level and in the domestic politics of member states - is inevitable and here to stay. Europeanized...
Encyclopedia of social movement media
The citizen in communication : re-visiting traditional, new and community media practices in South Africa
Twitter for good : change the world one tweet at a time
Mapping : a critical introduction to cartography and GIS
Environmental communication and the public sphere
The Routledge companion to alternative and community media
International journalism and democracy : civic engagement models from around the world
Undestanding TED as Alternative Media
The backchannel : how audiences are using Twitter and social media and changing presentations forever
Contesting media power : alternative media in a networked world
Social media for citizen participation : report on the Somus project
Confronting the challenges of participatory culture : media education for the 21st century
Future visions of adult education centers : SoMe times?
Alternative media and the politics of resistance : perspectives and challenges
Global communications : toward a transcultural political economy
Democratizing online political discussion : a practice-oriented exploration in service design
Citizen participation and political communication in a digital world
Mediation and protest movements
The end of journalism : news in the twenty-first century
The usage of social media among young adults living in Nairobi, Kenya : only entertainment or contributions to societal change?
Journalism next : a practical guide to digital reporting and publishing
The participatory cultures handbook
Media, culture and society in Putin's Russia
Citizens' media against armed conflict : disrupting violence in Colombia
Memory on trial : media, citizenship and social justice
The Greens of Finland in social media: Facebook as a communication forum
Social media marketing : strategies for engaging in Facebook, Twitter & other social media / Liana "Li" Evans
Civil society media and global governance : intervening into the world summit on the information society
Return on influence : the revolutionary power of Klout, social scoring, and influence marketing
Managing media firms and industries : what's so special about media management?
From ACT UP to the WTO : urban protest and community building in the era of globalization
Online news : journalism and the Internet
Citizen response in crisis : individual and collective efforts to enhance community resilience
Social Media - Economy and Strategy
Humanitarian issues on Facebook
Journalism and citizenship : new agendas in communication
Alternative and activist new media
Moi Helsinki : design for public use & localisation of social media
Blogs, Wikipedia, Second life, and beyond : from production to produsage
The new digital age : reshaping the future of people, nations and business
The social factor : innovate, ignite, and win through mass collaboration and social networking
The post-Soviet Russian media : conflicting signals
From social butterfly to engaged citizen : urban informatics, social media, ubiquitous computing, and mobile technology to support citizen engagement
Representing resistance : media, civil disobedience, and the Global Justice Movement
News online : transformations and continuities
The Greens of Finland in social media : Facebook as a communication forum
Favela media activism : political trajectories of low-income Brazilian youth
News culture
Self-mediation : new media, citizenship and civil selves
Fissures in the mediascape : an international study of citizens' media
The Greens of Finland is a Finnish political party which is actively involved in social media in general, and on Facebook in particular. The objectives of this thesis were to assess Facebook as a communication tool for the Greens and to improve the party's social media strategy. The research was made during the period from February 2011 till January 2012. The research methods used were mainly qualitative – content analysis was made on all data. Furthermore, typology and quantification were used in the analysis conducted on Facebook discussions. The primary data come from discussions on Facebook during the government negotiations in spring 2011, when the Greens actively communicated on their Facebook page. Different comment types were created, based on the tone of discussion and the complexity of comments. The level of interactivity between people and the influence of communication means were also assessed. Discussion topics were not in the main focus of this research. The findings from Facebook were compared to the secondary data, interviews with the Greens' Communication Team on their experiences with Facebook as a communication tool and discussions of a web communication network based on the Green discussion forum regarding their own presence in the social media. Based on my findings and the relevant theory on social media and social media strategies, I have made developmental suggestions regarding the usage of Facebook vis-á-vis the Greens' social media strategy. The results indicate that the Greens' Communication Team knows the contents of their Facebook page quite well and that they use it in various ways. They benefit substantially from social media's two-way communicational nature, but they could be somewhat more interactive. The discussion on the Greens' Facebook page is equally analytical and critical; people tend to justify their opinions and not just express a feeling, for instance. Crowdsourcing – asking people to participate – creates the most discussion. As for social media strategy, volunteers' help could be exploited more efficiently, the discussion online could be directed to a certain forum and different forums could be made more open to the public.
History of participatory media : politics and publics, 1750-2000
Digital media and democracy : tactics in hard times
Watching the watchdog : bloggers as the fifth estate
Blogistan : the internet and politics in Iran
The Twitter book
Alternative media and politics of resistance : a communication perspective
