http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22008 biosensors
biosensors
Biosensors in food processing, safety, and quality control
Comparison of commercial-available graphite inks used to fabricate  amperometric screen printed electrodes for biosensors
Sol-gel chemistry in protein immobilization onto solid substrates
Wilson and Wilson's comprehensive analytical chemistry. Vol. 44, Biosensors and modern biospecific analytical techniques
Polymer nanocomposites are organic-inorganic hybrid materials where the inorganic filler has at least one dimension in the nanometer scale. They have properties that are far superior to those of not only the parent materials but also conventional microcomposites. These include optical, magnetic, thermal, energy-scavenging, biosensing, gas/water barrier, antimicrobial, and biodegradability properties. Two factors are responsible for these superior properties: the interface between polymer and matrix and the confinement of polymer matrix chains at the nanolevel.
Optical technologies in biophysics and medicine V : Saratov Fall Meeting 2003 : 7-10 October 2003, Saratov, Russia
Functionalized carbon nanotube for next generation biosensor
Biofunctionalised surfaces for molecular sensing
Sports and wellbeing : technological and nutritional aspects, 18-19 March 2010 : multidisciplinary research symposium in Vuokatti, Finland : book of abstracts
Sensors for environment, health and security : advanced materials and technologies
Stress monitoring via wearable electrodermal sensors
Introduction to biophotonics
Introduction to biometrics
Biosensors : a practical approach
Bio/CMOS interfaces and co-design
Chemical sensors and biosensors
"This book details the latest developments in sensing technology and its application in food industry. It explores the opportunities created by the chemical and biosensensing technology and improvements performed in recent years for better food quality, better food safety, better food processing and control, and better input for food industry. The chapters in this book have been divided into three sections: basic principles of chemical and biosensing technology, biosensors for food processing and control, and biosensors for food safety"--Provided by publisher.
Biosensors for environmental monitoring
The electrical engineering handbook. Sensors, nanoscience, biomedical engineering, and instruments
Functional and physical properties of polymer nanocomposites
Development of modern biosensing methods and systems for biomolecular interaction studies
Wireless body area networks : technology, implementation, and applications
Learning mental states from biosignals
Probing experience : from assessment of user emotions and behaviour to development of products
Antimicrobial detection illuminated : developing bioluminescent antibiotic biosensors based on bacterial gene regulatory elements
Immunoassay and other bioanalytical techniques
Design aspects of viologen molecular wires
Electrochemical sensors, biosensors, and their biomedical applications
Smart biosensor technology
Development of a printed enzyme electrode
Introduction to surveillance studies
Integration of 2D and 3D nanostructure fabrication with wafer-scale microelectronics : photonic crystals and graphene
This book adheres to the vision that in the future compelling user experiences will be key differentiating benefits of products and services. Evaluating the user experience plays a central role, not only during the design process, but also during regular usage: for instance a video recorder that recommends TV programs that fit your current mood, a product that measures your current level of relaxation and produces advice on how to balance your life, or a module that alerts a factory operator when he is getting drowsy. Such systems are required to assess and interpret user experiences (almost).
