http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22023 project leadership
project leadership
Program Management Complexity : A Competency Model
Use of AAPO Social Workspace in a project-based work environment : a case study of an advertising agency
Fundamentals of technology project management
Study and Integrate Bootstrap 3 for OpixManager
"This book presents the latest research, case studies, best practices, and methodologies within the field of IT project management, offering research from top experts around the world in a variety of IT project management applications and job sectors"--Provided by publisher.
Emotional intelligence for project managers : the people skills you need to achieve outstanding results
Illustrating Prince2 : project management in real terms
The fast forward MBA in project management
Managing the PMO lifecycle : a step-by-step guide to PMO set-up, build-out, and sustainability
Project management and methods
Change Management Competence - Key Contributor to Project Success : Case: Nokia Solutions Networks / key project managers
Lean project management: eight principles for success
Japanese project management : KPM - innovation, development and improvement
Problems and benefits deriving from Tech Data Finland's warehouse move to Sweden
Each management discipline is examined in detail and defined as a set of knowledge areas. The book then describes the core processes that take place within each knowledge area in the initiating, planning, executing, controlling, and closing stages of a project. Real-world examples from healthcare information technology project leaders identify how the integrated approach presented in this book leads to successful project implementations.
Project manager's work in organizing and managing Nice Run events
Superior program management begins with superior information and strategy Program Management for Improved Business Results, Second Edition is a practical guide to real-world program management, written to align with the rigorous PMI PgMP certification standards
Time and project management strategies for librarians
"This will be the first book that examines the management of complex and uncertain projects from the perspective of senior management. It is a practical, self-contained "how to" guide for executives and senior managers. It should be their constant companion and desk reference because it collects in one place the relevant "how to" information for understanding and establishing an environment for improving complex project performance. Four major topics are presented: Supporting the organizational challenges to managing complex projects Improving project ROI using agile project portfolio management Improving project success through staffing processes and practices Establishing and maturing an enterprise project support office Each is discussed from the perspective of the organization and how its senior management team can establish structure and processes to support the management of complex projects, programs, and portfolios"--
Abstract.
PMP Project Management Professional exam study guide
Project manager competency development (PMCD) framework
The benefits of integrated information systems for business continuation : in Nokia chipset research and development
Enhancing value creation of construction projects through early stakeholder involvement and integration
Product quality development in global operations
Project management best practices : achieving global excellence
Making it happen : a non-technical guide to project management
Microsoft Project 2016 step by step
How to save a failing project : chaos to control
Leading complex projects
The development of managerial skills : business reference guide
Project portfolio management and corporate strategy : the solution to allocate resources and align projects toward
Changes in the way work is conducted nowadays have changed significantly in the last years. Digitalisation, disruptions in workflows and challenges in communication have led to an unprecedented situation that requires people to be active on multiple channels to stay up to date on information. New social technologies have emerged in response to the changing work environment and working methods. The objective of this thesis was to study if there are any benefits or advantages in using a digital workspace service, AAPO Social Workspace, in a project-based work environment in the Commissioner organisation, Avalon Oy. This thesis aims to answer those questions in order for to gain researched data, and to further develop the service. The theoretical framework concerns the fundamentals of Web 2.0, digital workspaces and project management in general. This information provides the reader with an understanding of what the main functionalities in Web 2.0 are, and an understanding of project management and some of the aspects that need to be taken into consideration. Research data was collected through a survey that was conducted in the Commissioner organisation. The results suggest that using the service is of value and holds various benefits and advantages for the employees, including centralized communications, improved communality and ease of use. Moreover, key findings illustrate that the service is of value to project managers as well in managing project teams and clients. In conclusion, this study presents the reader with an introduction to project management, an overview of Web 2.0 and its applications, and the service and its features. The results are presented in a concise way, illustrating the use of the service in the Commissioner organisation. In-depth analysis and conclusions based on the results are provided for the reader. This study may be used as a basis for further studies on the subject.
Project manager's spotlight on change management
Leading successful PMOs : how to build the best project management office for your business
Project organisations and governance : processes, actors, actions, and participatory procedures
Management control systems in project management : a case study analysis
How to succesfully produce an event  : Case study: Sunset Beach Party 2009 -festival
People, international projects and public administration : interpreting the international human resource management frame
Learning enablers, learning outcomes, learning paths, and their relationships in organizational learning and change
Projektin Johdon Pätevyys 3.0 = National Competence Baseline 3.0
Project planning, scheduling & control : the ultimate hands-on guide to bringing projects in on time and on budget
Managing Project Delivery : maintaining Control and Achieving Success
"The first edition won the Project Management Institute's (PMI®) David I. Cleland Project Management Literature Award. Following in the footsteps of its popular predecessor, this second edition provides an easy-to-follow, systematic approach to conducting lessons learned on a project. The research in this book is founded on four years of doctoral dissertation research and is supported by renowned experts in the field of evaluation. The concepts covered are applicable to all types of organizations that implement projects and need to conduct lessons learned"--
Applying Human Resource Tools to Promote the Effectiveness Management of Project-Based Organizations : A Case Study of Development Agency of Valkeakoski Region, Ltd.
Empirical study of project management practices
Management of project uncertainties using CCPM approaches : furniture manufacturing case at Topworld Industries Co., Ltd
Project management in chinese work environment - Case confectionary test center
10 steps to successful project management
Effective project management in easy steps
Successful project management in social work and social care : managing resources, assessing risks and measuring outcomes
Global project management : communication, collaboration and management across borders
APM body of knowledge
Game Production and Role of Game Producer : Case study: Research on demographic of gamers in Hanoi, Vietnam
Program management for improved business results
Project management: Case study: Heat treatment test cycle in CLIC
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
Designing a project management tool for project managers
Project manager's portable handbook
Abstract: Project management in ICT organization : how to enable and support the unified way of working. The present thesis was made to Tieto Oyj. The aim of this thesis was to build a model on how a project manager works at Tieto and to develop a tool to support the model. The main focus of this thesis was the tool and its implementation. Many sections of this thesis are classified, so there is lot of material in the appendixes. The study was conducted as an action research. The objectives and research questions were formulized studying first the current situation by investigating employee satisfaction and customer satisfaction surveys. Moreover, an additional questionnaire about the tools was sent to the project managers. Actual work started at the end of 2009 and both the model and the tool were implemented during 2011. The theory base for this study was primarily in project management. Leadership, organization culture and change management theories were used as supporting theories. Based on the theories and the existing knowledge the model for solving the challenges was built. The model was then taken forward as a concept and a tool. As a result of this work the model, a frame, was build and it will function also as a model for the upcoming development work in Project Management area. Model identifies what kind of expectations there were for project managers and requirements for performing the tasks. The tool developed on the basis of the model gathers all the supported tools to one place, so that it is easier for project managers to find them. The tool also provides a view to the most important key performance indicators, latest documentation, support and it helps to keep contact with the project members. The implemented model for project management work is very useful and its development needs to continue. In addition the developed and implemented tool Project Desktop is only in its first production phase. Feedback from project managers about the tool has been very positive. The offered help and support for project managers has also affected positively on customer feedback. There are other development projects ongoing at the same time and it is important that these improved tools will be brought to the Project Desktop as well.
Managing and leading software projects
Mechanical Processes and Workflow in Customer Delivery Projects in Wärtsilä Power Plants
Mastering the requirements process : getting requirements right
IT best practices : management, teams, quality, performance, and projects
Improvement of indirect materials' purchasing centralization within business process service engagement : case: Company X
Capabilities for managing project alliances
Designing a New Project Model to Nammo Lapua Oy Vihtavuori Plant
The ABCs of evaluation : timeless techniques for program and project managers
Guide to project management : getting it right and achieving lasting benefit
Project leadership
International project management : leadership in complex environments
Management of project business - tools and techniques : a collection of M.Sc. students' advanced special works
Project management : concepts, methodologies, tools, and applications
The basics of project evaluation and lessons learned
Project management metrics, KPIs, and dashboards : a guide to measuring and monitoring project performance
Implementing and communicating the theme of a corporate client event : case: GNT Finland client event 2008 - "Hevi Horror"
Improving information flows in project management
BIM for construction clients : driving strategic value through digital information management
This thesis is a result of the writer’s own interest in project management and effective working. Project management should have been put into practice in the company but the change has been difficult. The objective of this thesis was to find the ways to improve the project working from the perspective of an ordinary designer. The company the thesis is made for is in a cultural change and the project management processes are brought into use. The study is made by participating in the project and observing the working. The writer has interviewed personnel from the various levels participating in the project. This information is compared to the theory and to the good practices. The results show that the organizational culture and the leadership have an essential impact on the project management implementing in the middle of the change of the culture. Working in the new way requires a great deal from the different parties in the company. The change begins from the company’s management and streams through the organization to the workers. Everyone needs to be committed, the change should be managed and controlled and truly brought into use.
Project management in ICT organization : how to enable and support the unified way of working
Project risk management : a practical implementation approach
Finnishness in cross cultural interaction in international engineering projects
This thesis focuses to define and to describe how the information system integration project was started first within Nokia R&D organization and then extended to cover strategically important external company`s interests as well. Thesis paper describes the project life-cycle and the steps taken phase by phase on high-level. First the activities on Nokia R&D side are discussed and followed by activities on external company`s side until the project management was handed over to Nokia IT for project execution. The theory deals with different kind of theories as framework. Theories such as Aristotle`s Rhetorical triangle, Deming`s cycle, Human-centered design process and ITIL Service Framework were used as a basis and are described more or less in detail level by using practical approach as an example.  This paper also shares some technical information about Nokia chipset development and what kind of information systems ("tools") were used as well as their purposes. The concrete steps taken and up`s and down`s during the project are also described. The thesis summaries all activities and gives recommendations for future projects. This paper cannot give dinate results because of NDA contract with Nokia.
Project management in the real world : shortcuts to success
"This reference book presents the latest research and practical solutions for managing every stage of the project lifecycle, emphasizing emerging concepts, real-world examples, and authoritative research on managing project workflows and measuring project success in both private and public sectors"--
Value driven project management : case: mining-, metals-, and metal products company
Project management for musicians : recordings, concerts, tours, studios, and more
Implementing and communicating the theme of a corporate client event : Case: GNT Finland client event 2008 - "Hevi Horror"
Principles of project finance
Co-written by a certified Project Management Professional and an M.D., Project Management, for Healthcare Information Technology presents an effective methodology that encompasses standards and best practices from project management, information technology management, and change management for a streamlined transition to digital medicine.
There is no question that risk management is critical for project success. In today's fast-paced, constantly changing, and highly competitive environment, risk management is more important than ever in all industries across the globe. Risk management should therefore be considered a vital component of any project management practitioner's training. In 'Project Risk Management: A Practical Implementation Approach,' Mike Bissonette provides insights into the best ways of implementing traditional techniques of risk management and also explores innovative methods that can help modern organizations build their culture, improve financial performance, and ultimately achieve greater success in all their projects. This holistic approach to risk management expands on the subject by considering how project manager competencies, as well as stakeholder influences, affect risk not only at the individual project level, but also at the program and portfolio levels, offering a long view on continuous improvement of organizational excellence.
Microsoft project 2010 inside out
Designing and implementing architectural changes for Life Cycle Tracking (LCT)
Improving project work in the middle of cultural change
Defining and the success factors in Chain 2000 logistics project
Gower handbook of people in project management
Project recovery : case studies and techniques for overcoming project failure
The Project Management Book
New challenges to managing organisations in project business
Introducing new software tool  : Guidelines for introducing new software tool to a team. Case study
Learning in cultural projects : case study of the outcomes of EU culture programme projects
CRM project in Hur Oy
Project management for healthcare information technology
Information processing in global virtual NPD projects
A manager's guide to project management : learn how to apply best practices
Project management : systems, principles, and applications
The design manager's handbook
Fundamentals of Vulnerability Assessment
Why do software development projects fail? : emphasising the supplier's perspective and the project start-up
Managing business by projects : the basics of project management from a new perspective. Part 2
Change management competence - key contributor to project success : case: Nokia Solutions Networks / key project managers
We are all us : Case study on implementing agile methods in an organization
Project management with CPM and PERT
The project management coach
"This book discusses the variety of information systems and how it can improve project management and, likewise, how project management can affect the growth of information systems"--
Developing an emergency response logistics programme for Tampere University of Applied Sciences
The principles of project management
Business intelligence guidebook : from data integration to analytics
"Preface About a year ago, a colleague of mine offered me the opportunity to write a book tailored to program managers and, more specifically, how leadership can create high-performing teams (HPTs) that regularly exceed expectations and operate as a collective, innovative, communication-driven, and conflict-positive group. At the time, I jumped at the idea. Not only have I been working as a project and program manager for over fifteen years, I have been teaching program/project/risk management courses both commercially and academically for ten-plus years. The idea of writing about one of my favorite subjects seemed ideal for the next challenge. However, writing this book has truly been a journey and not a dissertation. Through each chapter, case study, and example, I have finally found the opportunity to review the conscious decisions and management styles I have employed and the results of my approaches. There is no doubt that I have had the opportunity to work with some really fantastic teams that truly achieved HPT status, but I have also struggled with team development, cultures, communication issues, and conflicts. If you had asked me a year ago about my ability to develop HPTs and lead programs to successful conclusions, I would have immediately shouted, "Yes, of course I can do that." After writing this book, I realize that so many factors go into developing a team--including each member's skills, abilities, and willingness to join a team--that to be successful, leaders not only must make conscious choices on leadership but also must be able to actively read and interact with the corporate culture and environment, and to personally invest constantly in the team"--
MBA for startups
Project management techniques and innovations in information technology
The principles of project finance
An expansion investment process in Boliden Harjavalta Oy.
Project Management in Deli project : Creating Social Tools to Promote School Lunch
Executive's guide to project management : organizational processes and practices for supporting complex projects
Study and integrate Bootstrap 3 for OpixManager
Assessing Finnish health care information system projects : how and why do they usually fail?
This thesis is a written report on the event management process of the annual corporate client event of GNT Finland in October 2008. The emphasis in the project description lies in the implementation of the event theme "Hevi Horror". The thesis is commissioned by the Event Management company responsible for the event supervision and production: BSG Marketing Ltd / Eventgarden. The report is written in the perspective of the author who serves as the event manager and producer of the event. The report is divided into an introduction giving an overview of the project and its broader frame, the theoretical frame of reference and the project description providing a detailed overview of the work involved, the project results and the project evaluation and analysis. The project is described based on the logical order of the theoretical part of the report: from the event analysis phase, over the event planning and implementation phase to the event evaluation. The analysis phase was carried out starting in March 2008, planning and implementation of the event was done from that time until the actual event on 3.10.2008 and the event evaluation process lasted until February 2009. Key results of the project describe the implementation of the event theme throughout all event elements: the event venue, sounds, lights and audiovisuals, the event entertainment and activities, the event catering and the event décor and props. The author describes in detail the results of the design of the overall event atmosphere, as well as the sourcing process for all related suppliers. A critical evaluation of the event management process is given in the last part of the thesis report. The author presents suggestions for improvement within in the own completion of tasks. For the commissioning party the report can serve as a guideline for improving the internal project management, particularly regarding the supplier sourcing process.
Goal directed project management : effective techniques and strategies
Managing the unexpected in international projects
Project management : a systems approach to planning, scheduling, and controlling
Project Management Office : project management, PMBOK, PRINCE2, Sarbanes-Oxley, KPMG
Ongoing research shows that whilst 90 per cent of large companies are conducting global projects to take advantage of distributed skills, around-the-clock operations and virtual team environments, less than one third of them have effective, established practices to help project managers and team members working over a distance. As a consequence, most organizations struggle to reach the required levels of quality and effectiveness from these projects because their methods and practices are not adapted to a global multi-cultural environment, where most communication is in writing and asynchronous. "Global Project Management" describes how to adapt your organization and your projects to thrive in this environment.The book goes beyond the recommendations on collaborative tools, to suggest the development of best practices on cross-cultural team management and global communication, recommend organizational changes and project structures, and propose alternatives for the implementation of the new practices and methods.The text is filled with real-life examples and techniques and illustrates how to apply the recommendations as part of the successful management of any global project.
Project management : case studies
Linking project management to business strategy
Use of AAPO Social Workspace in a project-based work environment : A Case Study of an advertising agency
Project management for building construction : 35 years of innovation at Drees & Sommer
Project management checklists for dummies
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
LEADING SOFTWARE PROJECTS  : Applying agile principles
Quality Control of Construction Projects
The Project Management Office (PMO) : a quest for understanding
"The first edition won the Project Management Institute's (PMI
Project team dynamics : enhancing performance, improving results
Business continuity planning : a project management approach
Information systems project management : how to deliver function and value in information technology projects
Process management in internal marketing. Case: ABB Oy Motors
This bachelor thesis is about how to study and integrate Bootstrap 3 into OpixManager. The purpose is to improve user interface of OpixManager application. OpixManager is constructed by using CodeIgniter and Model-View-Controller (MVC) framework. OpixManager application is for project management. It includes staff augmentation, customer management, report management and so on. It is to support both scrum and traditional software development process. There are two major parts included in this thesis work. The theoretical part is about studying what is responsive web design, and what components are included in Bootstrap 3. The author also study how OpixManager's CodeIgniter interrelates among the model, the view and the controller in the theoretical part. The theoretical framework gives the author knowledge how to integrate Bootstrap template to OpixManager's user interface. The empirical part is actual implementation and testing of template page, login page and home page as well as its link pages in OpixManager. Final results has been tested in cross-browser through local host server such as Mozilla Firefox, in Internet Explorer and in Chrome. I used Freelancer template's design in this thesis. Typography and color palette are balanced and modern. Navigation bar and grid system are responsive, they are squeezed onto a tiny mobile device or stretched onto a wide screen.
Relevance of scope management and organizational change management in IT deployment projects
Invest in experience : expert perspectives on the development of age management in th O.W.L project
Leadership in fast track project management
Project management ontology - the organizational learning perspective
Business value creation and stakeholder expectation management as tools for better business relationships : Case Study: TeliaSonera AB, Enterprise Systems
Effort control and estimation analysis in the application engineering project
Leadership challenges in multicultural project groups : experiences of Finnish project managers
Boasting sales of more than 200,000 copies, "Fundamentals of Project Management "has helped generations of project managers navigate the ins and outs of every aspect of this complex discipline. But much has changed in recent years. Fully updated in accordance with the latest version of the" Project Management Body of Knowledge" (PMBOK(R)), the fifth edition of this classic text remains the perfect introduction to the subject, showing readers how to: Clarify project goals and objectives - Develop a work breakdown structure - Create a project risk plan - Produce a realistic schedule - Manage change requests - Control and evaluate progress at every stage - Lead the project team The book contains new information and expanded coverage on topics including estimating; stakeholder management; procurement management; creating a communication plan; project closure; requirements for PMP certification; and much more. Chock full of tools, techniques, examples, and instructive exercises, this up-to-the-minute guide will help you plan and execute projects on time, on budget - and with maximum efficiency.
The aim of the thesis was to organize and carry out a project, i.e. Helia's Christmas Cruise, called “Pikkupukin Kuusenkastajaiset” in Finnish. The cruise was a non-profit event assigned by Helium, the students' association. The main objective was to organize a successful cruise and to tackle and learn from marketing and project management problems that occurred. The thesis is a project thesis aiming to find out what kind of marketing attracts students and make them take part in events. Another main objective was to learn to implement project management successfully in practice. The theoretical framework of the study is based on literature on marketing and project management. The main focus is on different kinds of marketing and advertising styles. The cruise on board M/S Romantika took place on Wednesday 24 November 2004. The main happening during the cruise was an evening show held in the Space Disco. It comprised various humorous contests. The aim was to attract 500 students and the objective was almost met as 480 persons attended. In retrospect you can say that the advertising campaign was successful attracting the desired number of visitors. However, there were also certain problems concerning the project management process in particular.
"Essential guidance from a certified PMP expert; real-life examples show project management principles in action; practice questions review the principles of the PMP exam"--Cover.
Implementing organizational project management : a practice guide
Mastering Project Management Strategy and Processes is part of a new series of six cutting-edge project management guides for both working practitioners and students. Like all books in this series, it offers deep practical insight into the successful design, management, and control of complex modern projects. Using real case studies and proven applications, expert authors show how multiple functions and disciplines can and must be integrated to achieve a successful outcome.
Project management life cycle : a complete step-by-step methodology for initiating, planning, executing and closing the project successfully
Perspectives and techniques for improving information technology project management
Effective project management
Project controller toolbox
Identifying and managing project risk : essential tools for failure-proofing your project
Drawing on real-world situations and hundreds of examples, the book outlines the risk management process and provides proven methods for project risk planning. Readers will learn how to use high-level risk assessment tools, implement a system for monitoring and controlling projects, and properly document every consideration. Analyzing aspects such as project scope, available resources, and scheduling, the third edition also offers fresh guidance on program risk management, qualitative and quantitative risk analysis, simulation and modeling, and significant "non-project" risks.
Brilliant Prince2 : what you really need to know about Prince2
A CSR awareness program to enhance capacity building in good governance of multi-cultural employees and safe operations : good governance of multi-cultural safety : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140203)
Market positioning in project process : case World Exposition Shanghai 2010
Applied project management : best practices on implementation
The role of commitment in software process improvement
Managing offshore outsourcing of software r&d projects : case experience from Indian software companies
Project management of an international golf event : case: The Finnish Amateru Championship
Industrial project management : concepts, tools, and techniques
The little black book of project management
Quality in Project Management : ISO 10006 : self-assessment work book : 53 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Integrated management system : ISO 9000, 14001, OHSAS 18001 : project capability : self-assessment work book : 34 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Development of project management and financial management solutions
Project management effectiveness in different organizational conditions
Project management essentials for dummies
Best practices for picking up the pieces when projects fail There are plenty of books available offering best practices that help you keep your projects on track, but offer guidance on what to do when the worst has already happened. Some studies show that more than half of all large-scale project fail either fail completely, or at least miss targeted budget and scheduling goals. These failures cost organizations time, money, and labor. Project Recovery offers wise guidance and real-world best practices for saving failed projects and recovering as much value as possible from the wreckage.
Project management for business, engineering and technology : principles and technology
The purpose of this thesis was to examine the target company’s current situation regarding the project management tools as well as organize and carry out the system survey project and also to produce a proposal for a possible system acquisition to the management team. The final goal was to implement the new system(s), arrange training events, create user instructions and control the production transfer. Data evaluation of the current state was collected from the different users personally. The launch for the thesis was also supported by the previously held job satisfaction survey in the target company, which indicates the need for the system and process development. The obtained data was part of the requirement specification for the system survey process whose outcome was chosen a suitable system and vendor. The implementation process was carried out with the company’s project team and close cooperation with the vendor. Finally the new system(s) and the practices were successfully implemented and realized. In the end, the user satisfaction survey was arranged in order to review the practical results of implementation. The questionnaires were sent to almost 100 people around the organization. The evaluated questionnaire results show that the outcome of the implementation process was a major step forward in the company project related to tools. In addition of the project management tools, the company’s financial management system as well as other company's operations were harmonized, electrified and updated. The final review of the implementation project showed that the achieved state enables more efficient project related actions. The results prove that the final outcome is now supporting better the company’s business operations in many ways and will bring more value adding business activities around the organization. Therefore, further studies do not need to be conducted in the near future in this area but some development actions still remained to be solved. These issues relates to the existing functions of the implemented systems which need to be developed further to ensure the full utilization of the system, fulfilling the company’s future needs and guarantee a cost-effective and qualitative grow and competitiveness.
Mastering project management strategy and processes : proven methods to meet organizational goals
Project management practioner's handbook
Managing for a change : how to run community development projects
Managing uncertainty in projects
Project management : a practical approach
Reducing ICT project failure with scope management
Fundamentals of project management
Solution Delivery Capability Creation
Supporting project success with IT governance mechanisms
Managing business by projects : the basics of project management from a new perspective. Part 1
Managing projects in trouble : achieving turnaround and success
Problematics of management in a network-styled development programme : case CUAHA
SMALL CHANGE, BIG DIFFERENCE : Quality Development Project at Camping Svanen
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Supporting the success of an information systems project : viewpoints on education and replacement of the project manager
Managing projects : expert solutions to everyday challenges / [Mary Grace Duffy]
Comparative analysis of portfolio management methodologies in Russian IT consulting companies
Helia's christmas cruise
Project management and team building comparison between Finland and Russia : case: Greenfield Factory design and construction, Russia
The role of business models in construction business management
Program management leadership : creating successful team dynamics
Project management and product development in event services targeted to companies: case Jolly Dragon
The instant guide to project management
The IT project management answer book
Risk Management of Municipal Turnkey Project : Case Evrostroi-S Company
Project management accounting : budgeting, tracking, and reporting costs and profitability
