http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22009 virtualisation
virtualisation
Private cloud computing : consolidation, virtualization, and service-oriented infrastructure
Researching and implementing a VoIP system for Active Mind Solutions Ltd
Citrix XenDesktop implementation : a practical guide for IT professionals
VMware ESX essentials in the virtual data center
MCTS : Windows Server Virtualization Configuration : study guide (exam 70-652)
Mastering VMware vSphere5
Cloud computing : SaaS, PaaS, IaaS, virtualization, business models, mobile, security and more
Optimizing Citrix XenDesktop for high performance : successfully deploy XenDesktop sites for a high performance virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI)
Applications of virtualization in systems design
Getting started with Citrix Provisioning Services 7.0 : an example-packed guide to help you successfully administer Citrix® Provisioning Services
Abstract: Reasons to think about cloud computing. This thesis presents the essential characteristics of cloud computing such as on-demand self-service, broadband access, resource pooling, rapid elasticity and the measured service. The study also discusses service delivery models and deployment models, which define how services are delivered to the customer. Cloud computing has security issues just like every computing technology. Because these security problems lie in data transfer and software interfaces, as well as data which has been stored and user access control, they are analyzed in this study. This thesis presents technologies which enable cloud computing such as virtualization and hypervisors that are used to virtualize the servers and which can be used to deploy the services. This thesis was made for a large international IT-company as a part of a customer project. The study presents company products that were used in the project to deliver cost-efficient customer solutions. Cloud computing is a relatively new trend in modern information technology, especially in the constantly evolving Finnish market. This study compares global benefits acquired with cloud computing as well as the effects of this technology to the quality of service and costs. Technologies compared in this study are hypervisors used in server virtualization such as ESXi, KVM, Hyper-V, Xen and PowerVM. Although ESXi hypervisor is the dominant one, it is also more expensive. Open-source- based KVM hypervisor can manage almost the same features but at a significantly lower cost.
Networking : a beginner's guide
MCTS self-paced training kit (Exam 70-652) : configuring Windows Server Virtualization
VCP5 : VMware certified professional on vSphere 5 study guide
The virtual representation of the past
Reasons to think about cloud computing
Data virtualization for business intelligence systems : revolutionizing data integration for data warehouses
Computing Resource Optimization Using Open Source Virtualization Technologies
Vmware ESX and ESXI in the enterprise : planning deployment of virtualization servers
Virtualized server platform for a small office
Summary: "This book is intended to introduce managers or subject matter experts outside of information technology (IT) to the concepts behind virtualization technology, the different categories of virtualization, and how they are used." -- Preface, p. vii.
Getting started with Microsoft application virtualization 4.6 : virtualize your application infrastructure efficiently using Microsoft App-V
Hands-on virtual computing
Understanding Microsoft virtualization solutions : from the desktop to the datacenter
Current, essential IT networking skills made easy! Thoroughly revised to cover the latest technologies, this practical resource provides you with a solid foundation in networking fundamentals. Networking: A Beginner's Guide, Sixth Edition discusses wired and wireless network design, configuration, hardware, protocols, security, backup, recovery, and virtualization. You'll also get step-by-step instructions for installing, configuring, and managing Windows Server 2012, Exchange Server 2013, Oracle Linux, and Apache. This is the perfect book for anyone starting a networking career or in need of an easy-to-follow refresher. Understand network cabling, topologies, hardware, and the OSI seven-layer model; Connect LANs and WANs; Configure network protocols, such as TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, SMTP, DHCP, HTTP, WINS, and more; Explore directory services, such as Microsoft's Active Directory, X.400, and LDAP; Enable and support remote network access; Secure your network and handle backup and disaster recovery; Select, install, and manage reliable network servers, including Windows Server 2012, Exchange Server 2013, Oracle Linux, and Apache; Manage network workstation computers; Design a robust network from the ground up; Work with virtualization technologies, such as Hyper-V, VMWare, and Oracle VM VirtualBox. - Publisher.
VCP : VMware certified professional on vSphere 4 study guide
High-density server virtualization with OpenVZ
Microsoft virtualization with hyper-V
Reliability and availability of cloud computing
Virtualized environment for malware analysis
Tiivistelmä: Deploying freenest portable project platform to an openstack based cloud platform.
Integrating Docker to a Continuous Delivery pipeline : a pragmatic approach
Microsoft virtualization secrets : do what you never thought possible with Microsoft virtualization
Windows Server 2008 Hyper-V resource kit
VMware ESX server in the enterprise : planning and securing virtualization servers
Computation and storage in the cloud : understanding the trade-offs
Blade servers and virtualization : transforming enterprise computing while cutting costs
"Cloud computing promises to revolutionize IT and business by making computing available as a utility over the internet. This book is intended primarily for practising software architects who need to assess the impact of such a transformation. It explains the evolution of the internet into a cloud computing platform, describes emerging development paradigms and technologies, and discusses how these will change the way enterprise applications should be architected for cloud deployment. Gautam Shroff provides a technical description of cloud computing technologies, covering cloud infrastructure and platform services, programming paradigms such as MapReduce, as well as 'do-it-yourself' hosted development tools. He also describes emerging technologies critical to cloud computing. The book also covers the fundamentals of enterprise computing, including a technical introduction to enterprise architecture, so it will interest programmers aspiring to become software architects and serve as a reference for a graduate-level course in software architecture or software engineering"--
IPv6 for enterprise networks
Grid application systems design
Enterprise cloud computing : technology, architecture, applications
Virtualization for security : including sandboxing, disaster recovery, high availability, forensic analysis, and honeypotting
Virtualization : from the Desktop to the Enterprise
Creating a Hyper-V virtual network
C onfiguration management of FreeNEST cloud services
Network virtualization
Implementing and developing cloud computing applications
The best damn server virtualization book period
Advantages of Docker
"The book is intended for IS/IT system and solution architects, developers and engineers, as well as technical sales, product management, and quality management professionals"--
VCP VMware certified professional vSphere 4 study guide (exam VCP410)
How to cheat at configuring VmWare ESX server
"Major enterprises and small start-ups are beginning to embrace cloud computing for the scalability and reliability that cloud vendors can provide. This book demonstrates how to implement robust and highly scalable cloud computing applications. Filled with comparative charts and decision trees to help navigate the many implementation alternatives, the author describes the major available commercial offerings and guides readers in choosing the best combination of platform, tools, and services for a small, growing start-up or an established enterprise. Aimed at software developers and their managers, the text details cloud development environments, lifecycles, and project management"--Provided by publisher.
Empowering IT solutions with server virtualization
Cloud computing bible
This thesis explains the migration of traditional server environments to a virtualized server platform. The thesis describes different areas of virtualization, virtualization technologies and explains why virtualization is chosen in corporations. The thesis was carried out as a commission to Erasmus Student Network (ESN), whose server was designed to be migrated to multiple virtual servers with open source platform Xen. Xen is part of the Citrix family and is the creator of paravirtualization technology. Virtualization is not a new technology. It was first introduced in 1960s by IBM. Virtualization is a technology where logical operations are separated from the physical environment. Virtualization gives the possibility to run several virtual servers, application or complete systems from a single hardware. In virtualization, hardware utilization resources are used more efficiently, compared to one computer-one operating system model. Virtualized operating systems are separated entities, therefore, the data is isolated from each other, making them more secure and easier to administrate. ESN is a Europeanwide student organization supporting international students in 37 countries and over 400 higher educational institutes. ESN offers several IT services, for example, web pages, online user database and electronic sign up system. All the services are located in one physical server, which was sliced in to five virtual servers. The practical work was carried ou under the supervision of ESN IT Committee.
WMware Private Cloud Computing with vCloud Director
Web-scale data management for the cloud
Preventing reverse engineering of native and managed programs
Mastering VMware vSphere 5.5
Implementation of a disaster recovery in a virtual environment
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
VMware certified professional test prep
VMware infrastructure 3 : advanced technical design guide and advanced operations guide
If you are working as a desktop admin, part of a EUC team, an architect, or a consultant on a desktop virtualization project and you are looking to use VMware's Horizon solution, this book is for you. This book will demonstrate the new capabilities of Horizon 6. You should have experience in desktop management using Windows and Microsoft Office, and be familiar with Active Directory, SQL, Windows Remote Desktop Session Hosting, and VMware vSphere infrastructure (ESXi and vCenter Server) technology.
SDN and NFV simplified : a visual guide to understanding software defined networks and network function virtualization
The world has become inter-connected through the use of intelligent networks and the amount of data available and being created is higher than ever before. The management and use of vast data arrays demands new ways of thinking and application of available tools. The education of database related techniques must stay up-to-date with development of technology.     HAAGA-HELIA database teaching is seeking ways to optimize and improve the available tools used in the current learning environment.    The objective of this thesis was to map the current virtualization technologies used by HAAGA-HELIA database course teaching and the projects organized by the European Database Teachers Network (DBTechNet). Furthermore, it investigated possible future virtualization implementations and documented a construction of a freely distributable multipurpose virtual machine preinstalled with free or free-to-evaluate proprietary versions of database related software.     The existing use of virtualization technologies was researched by investigating the material used in virtual laboratory workshops, related contemporary technical literature and internet articles. Optimization was researched by conversion tests of existing virtual machines and the construction of a single multipurpose virtual machine using the Oracle VirtualBox virtualization application. Future implementations were suggested based on available local infrastructure and current industry views of the use of virtualization.    The resulting virtual machine image configuration was documented to allow the commissioner of this study to maintain and update the environment. The study and the documentation are all in English so that they may also be used by related international parties.
Network function virtualization
Computing resource optimization using open source virtualization technologies
Network Function Virtualization provides an architectural, vendor-neutral level overview of the issues surrounding the large levels of data storage and transmission requirements needed for today's companies, also enumerating the benefits of NFV for the enterprise. Drawing upon years of practical experience, and using numerous examples and an easy-to-understand framework, authors Tom Nadeau and Ken Gary discuss the relevancy of NFV and how it can be effectively used to create and deploy new services. Readers will learn how to determine if network function virtualization is right for their enterprise network, be able to use hands-on, step-by-step guides to design, deploy, and manage NFV in an enterprise, and learn how to evaluate all relevant NFV standards, including ETSI, IETF, Openstack, and Open Daylight.
Managing Vmware Infrastructure with Windows Powershell : TFM
The greening of IT : how companies can make a difference for the environment
Enforcing trust for execution-protection in modern environments
Virtualization For Dummies®
Computation and Storage in the Cloud is the first comprehensive and systematic work investigating the issue of computation and storage trade-off in the cloud in order to reduce the overall application cost. Scientific applications are usually computation and data intensive, where complex computation tasks take a long time for execution and the generated datasets are often terabytes or petabytes in size. Storing valuable generated application datasets can save their regeneration cost when they are reused, not to mention the waiting time caused by regeneration.
Deploying freenest portable project platform to an openstack based cloud platform
Virtualization : a beginner's guide
Mastering VMware Horizon 6 : unlock the advanced features and full power of VMware Horizon 6 to deliver the industry's most comprehensive end-to-end user experience
Comparison and optimization study of computer virtualization solutions used in the HAAGA-HELIA database teaching
Distributed and cloud computing : from parallel processing to the Internet of things
VMware cookbook
Evaluating the cost and performance of cloud on-demand services against in-house smb-virtualisation resources
Virtualization : from the desktop to the enterprise
Reconfigurable computing systems engineering : virtualization of computing architecture
Mastering hyper-V : learn to design, build, and manage a virtualized data center using Microsoft Hyper-V
