http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2207 digestive organs
digestive organs
Gastroduodenoscopy in dogs and cats
Hiccups and burps
Pathophysiology and prevention of abdominal adhesions
Intestinal function in marine fish larvae : digestion and absorption of proteins and amino acids : efficiency and relation to cholecystokinin and trypsin
Intestinal intergrity and Akkermansia muciniphila, a mucin-degrading member of the intestinal microbiota present in infants, adults, and the elderly
Manual of canine and feline gastroenterology
'Candidatus Helicobacter suis', a gastric helicobacter from pigs, and its phylogenetic relatedness to other gastrospirilla
Gastrointestinal Health Symposium : proceedings from a Pre-Congress Symposium, World Congress 1997, Annual Congress of WSAVA, FECAVA, & BSAVA, Birmingham, UK 2 April 1997
Sleisenger and Fordtran's gastrointestinal and liver disease : pathophysiology, diagnosis, management
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 6, Alimentary canal : vol. 3 : Intestinal absorption
Aquaculture nutrition : gut health, probiotics and prebiotics
Adaptive radiation of the digestive system, heart and wings of Turdus pilaris, Bombycilla garrulus, Sturnus vulgaris, Pyrrhula Pyrrhula, Pinicola enucleator and Loxia pytyopsittacus
Biology of the intestine in growing animals
Tumors of the liver and intrahepatic bile ducts
Form and function in birds. Vol. 1
Clinical anatomy & physiology for veterinary technicians
Intestinal parasites in swine in the Nordic countries : prevalence and geographical distribution
Studies on the exocrine ducts of the pancreas and the liver in reindeer (Rangifer tarandus tarandus L.)
Horse anatomy : a coloring atlas
Isolation and identification of Helicobacter spp. from canine and feline gastric mucosa
Atlas of clinical gastroenterology
The porcine gastrointestinal epithelium : metabolism of glutamine for energy production
Manual of equine gastroenterology
Textbook of gastroenterology / Vol. 2
The CIBA collection of medical illustrations. Vol. 3, A compilation of paintings on the normal and pathologic anatomy of the digestive system : Pt. 2, Lower digestive tract
Canine pancreatitis : from clinical suspicion to diagnosis and treatment
The Ciba collection of medical illustrations : Volume 3 : A compilation of paintings on the normal and pathologic anatomy of the digestive system : Part ll : Lower digestive tract
Toll-like receptors in Alimentary tract -special reference to Barrett's esophagus
Eat dirt : why leaky gut may be the root cause of your health problems and 5 surprising steps to cure it
Gastrointestinal nematodes of sheep and cattle : biology and control
Shackelford's surgery of the alimentary tract. Vol. 1
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 6, Alimentary canal : vol 4 : Motility
Progress in gastroenterology
The second brain : a groundbreaking new understanding of nervous disorders of the stomach and intestine
Gastrointestinal physiology
Shackelford's surgery of the alimentary tract. Vol. 1, Esophagus
Genetic diversity of canine gastric helicobacters, Helicobacter bizzozeronii and H. salomonis studied by pulsed-field gel electrophoresis
Atlas of upper gastrointestinal and hepato-pancreato-biliary surgery
Therapeutic endoscopy : color atlas of operative techniques for the gastrointestinal tract
Textbook of gastroenterology / Vol. 1
Surgical management of colic
Practice of therapeutic endoscopy
Morphological diversity of cultured canine gastric Helicobacter spp
Normal function and pathophysiology of the equine large intestine
Gastrointestinal disorders : behavioral and physiological basis for treatment
Role of structural components on gut function and feed utilisation in poultry
Sleisenger and Fordtran's gastrointestinal and liver disease : pathophysiology, diagnosis, management / Vol. 2
The Ciba collection of medical illustrations. Vol. 3, A compilation of paintings on the normal and pathologic anatomy of the digestive system : Pt. 3, Liver, biliary tract and pancreas
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 6, The internal organs
Lower gastrointestinal microbiota in health and irritable bowel syndrome : characterisation and effect of probiotic intervention
The association between gastric ulceration and clinical signs in adult horses
Effects of winter on the papillar morphology of the rumen in reindeer calves
Practical gastrointestinal endoscopy : the fundamentals
Abstracts of papers presented at the Twenty-First Scandinavian Conference on Gastroenterology and the Twelth Scandinavian Meeting on Gastrointestinal Endoscopy : Turku, Finland, 2-4 June 1988
A colour atlas of the digestive system
Expression and prognostic value of HCGβ in digestive tract malignancies
Canine gastic helicobacters
Gut reactions : how healthy insides can improve your weight. mood and well-being
Nickel permeation pathways in the small intestine and the olfactory system
Other helicobacters in the digestive tract
Sleisenger & Fordtran's gastrointestinal and liver disease : pathophysiology, diagnosis, management. Vol. 1
Canine biliary tract diseases : how to reveal and treat them
Psychological distress in dyspepsia
How understanding the digestive process can help minimise digestive disturbances due to diet and feeding practices
Sleisenger & Fordtran's gastrointestinal and liver disease : pathophysiology, diagnosis, management. Vol. 2
Shackelford's surgery of the alimentary tract. Vol. 2
The gastrointestinal system at a glance
Esophageal diseases : diagnostic and therapeutic approach
Detection of Helicobacter-like bacteria in porcine gastric biopsy samples by amplification of 16S rRNA, ureB, vacA and cagA genes by PCR
Molecular and cell biological aspects of gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumor disease
Bacterial diversity and role of lactic acid in the pathogenesis of acid injury in the non-glandular region of the equine stomach
The life of poo, or, Why you should think twice about shaking hands (especially with men)
The isolation of lactic acid bacteria from human colonic biopsies after enrichment on lactose derivatives and rye arabinoxylo-oligosaccharides
Handbook of small animal gastroenterology
Culture of "Gastrospirillum" from gastric biopsies of dogs
Intensive care : A concise textbook
Transmission of canine gastric Helicobacter salomonis infection from dam to offspring and between puppies
The diet myth : the real science behind what we eat
Alcohol and the gastrointestinal tract
Interaction of alcohol and smoking in the pathogenesis of upper digestive tract cancers : possible chemoprevention with cysteine
Surgical exploration, manipulation, and determination of viability of the equine intestinal tract during abdominal surgery
Helicobacter salomonis sp. nov., a canine gastric Helicobacter sp. related to Helicobacter felis and Helicobacter bizzozeronii
Studies on gallbladder and stomach motility of the rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss), with special reference to cholecystokinin
Managing gut health : natural growth promoters as a key to animal performance
The histopathologic changes in the myenteric plexus of the pylorus in hypertrophic pyloric stenosis of infants (pylorospasm)
Modern concepts of gastrointestinal histology
Carbonic anhydrase in the mammalian alimentary tract : distribution and physiological significance of isoenzymes I, II,IV and VI
The microbiome solution
Effect of triple therapy on eradication of canine gastric helicobacters and gastric disease
Textbook of gastroenterology. Vol. 2
An atlas of diagnostic radiology in gastroenterology
Horse anatomy
Gastrointestinal adverse drug reactions in Finland in 1973-2003
Inflammatory response following abdominal surgery and its modulation by recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (rhG-CSF, filgrastim)
Microbial communities in the human small intestine : coupling diversity to metagenomics
The CIBA collection of medical illustrations. Vol. 3, A compilation of paintings on the normal and pathologic anatomy of the digestive system : Pt. 1, Upper digestive tract
Development of gastrointestinal motility and the enteric nervous system in the amphibian Xenopus laevis
Phenotypic classification, detection and phylogeny of Serpulina species in swine
Animal diseases of the gastrointestinal tract and liver : an African perspective : proceedings of a seminar held at international livestock centre for Africa, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia 20-25 September 1993.
Corticotropin-releasing factor and cytokines : role in the stress response : Hans Selye Symposium on Neuroendocrinology and Stress
Abstracts of papers presented at the Twenty-Sixth Nordic Meeting on Gastroenterology and the Seventeenth Nordic Meeting on Endoscopy and the Fourth Nordic Meeting on Gastrointestinal Motility : Tampere, Finland, 26-29 May 1993
Acid related diseases : biology and treatment
The enteric nervous system
Abstract.
Acute abdominal pain in children with special reference to surgical techniques and effects of opioid analgesia on diagnostic accuracy
Improvement of the Caco-2 permeability model by genetic and hydrodynamic modifications : Timo Korjamo
A practical right-sided incisional gastropexy technique for treatment or prevention of gastric dilatation volvulus
The diet myth : why the secret to health and weight loss is already in your gut
Canine and feline gastric helicobacters : diagnosis and significance in chronic gastritis
Manipulation of the microbial gut content of farmed fishes and crustaceans can have a marked effect on their general health, growth, and quality. Expertly covering the science behind the use of prebiotics and probiotics this landmark book explains how the correct manipulation of the gut flora of farmed fishes and crustaceans can have a positive effect on their health, growth rates, feed utilization, and general wellbeing. Aquaculture Nutrition: Gut Health, Probiotics and Prebiotics provides a comprehensive overview of the current knowledge of the gut microbiomes of fish and their importance with respect to host–fish health and performance, providing in–depth, cutting–edge fundamental and applied information. Written by many of the world s leading authorities and edited by Dr Daniel Merrifield and Professor Einar Ringø, this important book discusses in detail the common mechanisms for modulating microbiomes, particularly at the gut level (e.g. probiotics, prebiotics and synbiotics). The book is a key resource for an understanding of the historical development of these products, their known mechanisms of action and their degree of efficacy as presently demonstrated in the literature.
Radiographic positioning and related anatomy : workbook and laboratory manual. Volume 2, Chapters 14-24
Permanent jejunal fistula : promising method for obtaining small intestinal chyme without disturbing intestinal function
Avian gut function in health and disease
Textbook of gastroenterology. Vol. 1
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 6, Alimentary canal : vol. 2 : Secretion
Principles of protein nutrition of ruminants
Diagnosis of gastrointestinal parasitism in dogs and cats
Real anatomy 1.0
Endoscopy of the gastrointestinal tract : when is it really indicated
Papillar morphology of the rumen of forest reindeer (Rangifer tarandus fennicus) and semidomesticated reindeer (Rangifer t. tarandus)
Horsekeeping : management : ailments and injuries
The CIBA collection of medical illustrations. Volume 3, A compilation of paintings on the normal and pathologic anatomy of the digestive system : Part 3, Liver, biliary tract and pancreas
Calf and heifer rearing
Colour atlas of veterinary pathology of the alimentary tract = Atlante a colori della patologia veterinaria dell'apparato digerente
Tumors of the gallbladder, extrahepatic bile ducts, and ampulla of Vater
Strombeck's small animal gastroenterology
Recurrent and chronic colic in horses : a review of clinical and diagnostic features and prospective case series
Equine gastroenterology : including selected papers from the 4th Equine Colic Research Symposium
Incidence of esophageal adenocarcinoma is rising rapidly in Western countries. The main risk factor for esophageal adenocarcinoma is Barrett's esophagus. Barrett's esophagus results from long-term gastroesophageal reflux disease. The gastrointestinal tract is colonized by bacteria, fungi and viruses forming the alimentary tract microbiome. Microbiome transformation is involved in pathogenesis of alimentary tract cancer and also in the development of Barrett's metaplasia. Toll-like receptors (TLR) are molecules of the innate immune system and they are involved in bacterial and viral recognition and regulation of immune functions in the host and cancer cells.This thesis examined the effect of alimentary tract microbiome and cancer- on the function of TLRs in normal gastrointestinal epithelial cells. An additional focus of the thesis was also to assess the carcinogenetic effect of TLRs 1–9 in Barrett's esophagus metaplasia – dysplasia – carcinoma sequence. Study material consisted of: a patient cohort, organ donors, conventional and germ-free mice. TLRs are expressed also in a "microbe-free" gut. There were significant differences in all TLRs between small- and large intestine of conventional mice and in humans. In germ-free mice that difference was not observed. Normal tissue sampled adjacent to the tumors of cancer patients can be used as controls in immunohistochemical TLR studies in gastrointestinal cancer Clinical data indicate that TLRs linearly increase toward dysplasia in Barrett's esophagus. High cytoplasmic and nuclear TLR4 expression and TLR1 and 8 nuclear immunoreactivity in esophageal adenocarcinoma are associated with metastatic disease and poor prognosis.Based on our results, bacteria seem to downregulate TLR expression of the intestine. TLRs 1–9 apparently have a role in malignant progression of Barrett's dysplasia. TLR1, TLR4 and TLR8 may represent a novel therapeutic target in esophageal adenocarcinoma.
Evaluation of a molecular identification scheme based on 23S rRNA gene polymorphisms for differentiating canine and feline gastric Helicobacter spp
Gastrointestinal and colorectal anesthesia
