http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22089 consortia
consortia
A theory of meta-organisation : an analysis of steering processes in European Commission-funded R&D "Network of Excellence" consortia
Developing successful health care education simulation centers : the consortium model
The Oxford handbook of business groups
Study in the North : Finnish Lapland
DEISA Digest 2008 : benefits of supercomputing
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 36, Mergers and alliances : the wider view
Finnish SMEs in emerging innovation nets : studying the importance of entering Horizon 2020 consortiums
Consortium management & communication model: case: Association of Finnish Defence and Aerospace Industry
This thesis seeks to establish an understanding of the consortium co-operation concept and the development thereafter, in the context of the case study, AFDA. AFDA is seeking to develop the internationalization of the defence and aerospace industry in Finland. This is implemented via a collaborative joint effort in the form of a consortium.     The scope is limited to the management and communication aspects. The first focal point, being the management aspects, leading to the development of a management model and its related elements. The second on the communication aspect and needed tools in consortium communication. The aim of this thesis is to build a theoretical framework of how a consortium should be constructed, managed and communication handled within such an entity.     Consortia have been a relatively untouched subject field. This poses both challenges and opportunities in further development of the said field. Plausible consortium management and communication models however can be proposed through the identification of important elements of co-operation, tools for management and communications, stemming from the research of existing consortia. This is implemented via a qualitative approach to research, using AFDA as the case study.    The results showed a degree of similarity to other co-operative concepts as well as new, unique elements. Consortia require various key entities in order to work effectively. Proper and effective communication tools in tandem with ever changing environments are needed to maintain trust and clarity. Most importantly, the establishment of a mutual goal provides alignment of consortium members' objectives. A coherent model thus emerges for both management and communication perspectives.
Marketing methods to improve company strategy : applied tools and frameworks to improve a company's competitiveness using a network approach
DEISA : advancing science in Europe
