http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2209 generations
generations
THE HOUSE OF WOMEN
Out of the sixties : storytelling and the Vietnam Generation
The Palgrave handbook of childhood studies
The faery's gift
The hotel booking behaviour of the European Generation Y
The second deadly sin
Employing generation why? : understanding, managing, and motivating your new workforce
Saddles, indeterminacy and bifurcations in an overlapping generations economy with a renewable resource
Values in education and society
The way things were
Alternative futures of second-generation immigrants on the Finnish labour market in 2020.
Three generations
The metabarons. #2 : Aghnar & Oda
From generation to generation : age groups and social structure
In recent years, a newly word was created in the Chinese language. This word pronounces 'ba ling huo', which literally means after 80s and refers to the people, who were born in the 1980s in China. For a period of time, this generation became a social problem because older generations and mass media blamed them severely. Interestingly, the 1980s generation is the first generation under Chinese single-child policy, and they were the most beloved child in eyes of their parents and grandparents, so one can easily wonder whether this generation ran out of their luck. In this book, at first the author discusses why the 1980s generation is the most fortunate generation in Chinese history, why the social development makes this generation become less fortunate, what a particular relationship exists between the 1980s generation and modern China, will the 1980s generation have a bright future, what the 1980s generation can do in their future, and whom the 1980s should blame for their fall. And then, the author explores the reasons in broad sense associated with history and civilization to explain the fate of 1980s generation.
The story of Danny Dunn
Representations of Finnishness in Sweden
Of human bonding : parent-child relations across the life course
Identity formation of the modern lifestyle entrepreneur
"Ja mikäs pakana toi innovaatio o" : the role of English in the Finnish countryside, as seen by three generations
Narn i chîn Húrin : the tale of the children of Húrin
The one-in-a-million boy
Maps for lost lovers
Managing multigenerational workforce : how to bridge the generation gaps?
Generations : the history of America's future, 1584 to 2069
The good daughter : my mother's hidden life
With all my love
Pensions and public finances in Finland : a generational accounting perspective
Stray
Grantparenthood
Letters to a young contrarian
The Hindi-bindi club
China's 1980s Generation : will their fortune run out? : a study on social phenomenon
The sandcastle girls : a novel
The covenant  : a novel
Kinder than solitude : a novel
The Conflict of generations in ancient Greece and Rome
Junky : the definitive text of "Junk"
Lovely old lion
Ownership in family business : a trans-generational perspective
The cultural context of aging : worldwide perspectives
The secrets of midwives
Children of Matter : luxury value perceptions of millennials in higher education in Europe
Our societies are ageing. The Family is changing. Labour force behaviour is evolving. How is the organisation of family and collective solidarity adapting in this context of longer life spans, low fertility, and work that is simultaneously scarce and abundant? The welfare states are currently facing three main challenges: ensure satisfactory living conditions for the elderly without increasing the cost burden on the active population, reduce social inequality, and maintain equity between successive generations. In this book, researchers from different countries compare their experiences and offer contrasting views on the future of social protection. They consider the theoretical aspects of the intergenerational debate, relations between generations within the family, the living standards of elderly people, and the question of social time.
The story of land and sea
Motivating the "what's in it for me?" workforce : manage across the generational divide and increase profits
Different generations, different worlds : generational perspective on the collective identities of young citizens of Ukraine
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Young People as a Customer Segment for Travel Agency Services
Miss Ona Vitkus has - aside from three months in the summer of 1914 - lived unobtrusively, her secrets fiercely protected. The boy, with his passion for world records, changes all that. He is eleven. She is one hundred and four years, one hundred and thirty three days old (they are counting). And he makes her feel like she might be really special after all. Better late than never...Only it's been two weeks now since he last visited, and she's starting to think he's not so different from all the rest. Then the boy's father comes, for some reason determined to finish his son's good deed. And Ona must show this new stranger that not only are there odd jobs to be done, but a life's ambition to complete ...
The secrets we share
Do not say we have nothing
Broadband society and generational changes
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
On gold mountain : a family memoir of love, struggle and survival
Eye lake : thee families, three generations, three disappearances
The Sandcastle girls
The perfume garden
Social security in an overlapping model
Diary of the fall
Social security financing and external shocks
Employer Brand and Great Place to Work as Perceived by Generation Y Employees - Case Ravintolakolmio-ryhmä
Ages, generations and the social contract : the demographic challenges facing the welfare state
The glass Madonna
The house on paradise street
Measurement of intergenerational relations
Stone-Geary preferences in overlapping generations economies under pure exchange : a note
Family members' memories about starting school : intergenerational aspects
This study examines the booking behaviour of the European Generation Y (1975 – 2000). The elementary aim of the research is to receive an overview of the cohorts' values when searching and booking hotels. As Generation Y will become the main demographic group in the future, it is of utmost importance for hotels to understand their expectations and motivations.    The theoretical framework will present various findings and theories from secondary research. In the beginning the study provides background knowledge on technological improvements and their effects on the booking process. Afterwards, consumer behaviour is explained with focus on external and internal influences. Additionally the decision making process each consumer goes through when purchasing a product or service will be analysed in detail. In order to receive a full understanding of Generation Y, the cohort is presented in correlation to current living generations with emphasis on the characteristics of its members.     In the fifth part of this study the methods used in the empirical part are clarified and the structure of the process presented. The primary research was conducted by using quantitative and qualitative research methods. Data from Generation Y has been collected via an electronic survey complied with Webropol programme for two weeks.     After that, the research findings of the primary research are described. This cohort values individuality and is searching for direct communication with the hotel during the booking process. The results of this study indicate that Generation Y searches and books hotel rooms online what provides a huge possibility for hotels. Online bookings are assessed as convenient and time-saving tools based on the high technological knowledge of the Generation Y. However technological improvements are difficult to predict as they change rapidly requiring constant forecasting and trend spotting by hotels in order to update and redesign their business strategy. It can be assumed that social media as well as the innovative mobile technology will shape the booking behaviour of travellers in the future.     In the seventh part of the thesis the research questions will be answered by evaluating and comparing the empirical results with the findings presented in the theoretical framework. Based on the analysis recommendations and useful improvements are provided to the commissioning company for further development.     In the end of the thesis a conclusion is drawn in correlation to the overall aims and objectives. The key findings of the research are presented, areas for further research are identified and the thesis process critically evaluated. Concluding it can be said that the objectives of the thesis have been met and the research findings will be beneficial for the commissioning company.
Perspectives on second-generation immigrants
Creating intergenerational contact between Oulunkylä English Kindergarten and Kustaankartano Centre for the Elderly
Soonchild
The island
Generations gardening together : sourcebook for intergenerational therapeutic horticulture
Future generations : a challenge for moral theory
Love marriage
To the island
The collective silence : German identity and the legacy of shame
Cultural images of a good mother and a good father in three generations
Entrepreneurship and family ownership - co-creating sustainable wealth
Weathering
The metabarons. #1 : Othon & Honorata
Family development in three generations : a longitudinal study of changing family patterns of planning and achievement
Differences in consumer perspectives how sustainable food consumption is perceived and signalled in the prevailing consumer culture : among Generation Y
Don't let him know
Intergenerational transfers and altruism
The new digital natives
Moving from adolescent rooftop games to adult encounters in gay bars, from hair salons in Calcutta to McDonald's drive-thrus in California, this novel tells an unforgettable story about family, the struggle between having what we want and doing what we feel we must - and the sacrifices we make for those we love.
Generational consciousness, narrative, and politics
In the language of miracles
Journey into space
Renewable resources in an overlapping generations economy without capital
Thoughts on family, gender, generation and class : a festschrift to Ulla Björnberg
Saddles and bifurcations in an overlapping generations economy with a renewable resource
The Boston girl : a novel
Marriage material
Feathered serpent : a novel
Tapping into talent : the age factor and generation issues
Handbook of intergenerational justice
Foal's bread
X saves the the world : how generation x got the shaft but can still keep everything from sucking
The Finnish generational accounting revisited
Clandestine occupations : an imaginary history
Culture and commitment
Being a young activist in the late Mubarak era : an ethnography of political engagement in Egypt
Land of love and drowning
Grace and Mary
Wealth distribution between generations : a source of conflict or cohesion
A greyhound of a girl
Junky : The Definitive Text of 'Junk'
Generational work environment preferences: Case Ovenia
More people to love me
Justice to future generations and the environment
Seating arrangements
The stranger's child
Women and jewelry : a social approach to wearing and possessing jewelry
Men from the boys
The valley of amazement
The end of the point : a novel
What was promised
From generation to generation
Justice between age groups and generations
Most of the second-generation immigrants in Finland are still rather young, but they will begin to enter the labour market in larger numbers within the next ten years. Thus it is interesting to consider their possible futures on the labour market in advance. This article focuses on the factors influencing the labour market performance of second-generation immigrants in Finland, and on the pathways to alternative possible futures. The data for this study was mainly gathered by means of a futures workshop, a qualitative method of studying the future. It was supplemented by a questionnaire and interviews, and in total there were 13 informants. According to the workshop participants the factors which most influence the labour market opportunities of second-generation immigrants are social networks, attitudes, structural obstacles, level of education, language skills, personality, appearance, and family. The scenarios created on the basis of the findings of the workshop and the questionnaire portray alternative futures, and show that positive as well as negative developments are possible. The overall tone of the findings was quite optimistic, and there seemed to be a belief in equal opportunities. This is in contrast with findings in other European countries, and it would be useful to address possible problems before they become engrained..
Back to the roots : a new social policy agenda for the welfare of the elderly in rural Tanzania :  the case of Bukoba district
Mind the gap!
The winter sea
Life's turning points and generational consciousness
Some great thing
Culture and commitment : the new relationships between the generations in the 1970s
Parents, children and their families : living arrangements of old people in the XIX century, Sundsvall region, Sweden
Memory of water
Generational value shift in the Sinebrychoff family : A studyof late-empire Russian capitalists
Not all grannies knit : how to be a bad grandmother
Building value-based family enterprise culture : a family perspective
The metabarons. #3 : Steelhead & Doña Vicenta
Children of the jacaranda tree
The picture book
The free world
My mother and father's keeper? : the social and economic features of intergenerational solidarity
Immigration cinema in the new Europe
The importance of time scale in conservation biology and ecology
