http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22003 supervisor-employee relationship
supervisor-employee relationship
The quality and development of the leader-follower relationship and psychological capital : a longitudinal case study in a higher education context
HBR guide to managing up and across
Organizational communication : perspectives and trends
Finding a voice at work? : new perspectives on employment relations
"This volume in the Routledge Global Human Resource Management Series is dedicated to analyzing the process of trust development between managers and subordinates in different countries of the main cultures of the world. Behaviors and trust are linked in a process that can reinforce or diminish the trust between the two parties. This book examines that process in an array of countries, contextualizing each setting through a brief historical, institutional, and cultural overview and analyzing the universal and culturally-specific elements of the manager-subordinate relationship".
Time management secrets: the experts tell all!
Compliance
Headmaster-teacher relationship in leading school
How to motivate people
Internet, mail, and mixed-mode surveys : the tailored design method
As the study of followership further escalates into the global mainstream of leadership studies, this book proactively engages future leaders and followers in issues that they are likely to face in various everyday human resource development, management, and leadership contexts.
Random acts of management : a Dilbert book
The sorcerer's apprentices : a season in the kitchen at Ferran Adrià's elBulli
How to work for an idiot : revised and expanded with more idiots, more insanity, and more incompetency : survive & thrive without killing your boss
Executive decisions : hospitality case studies in leadership, ethics, employee relations and external relations
30 rock. Season 1.
From the shadows into the spotlight : critical discourse analyses of bad leadership.
Towards a trust-based model of leadership within the leader-member exchange theory framework : a qualitative study of leaders' trustworthiness in the SME context
The end of leadership
Management of teleworkers : managerial communication at a distance
Ethnic minority member perspective on leader-member exchange
30 rock. Season 2.
Organizing relationships : traditional and emerging perspectives on workplace relationships
30 rock. Season 3.
The agile librarian's guide to thriving in any institution
Followership in action : cases and commentaries
Women's leader-member relationships during pregnancy and the return to work
30 rock. Season 4.
Abstract: Windows into the systemic knowledge management.
The promise
Manager-subordinate trust : a global perspective
Leadership is half the story : a fresh look att followership, leadership, and collaboration
Trust building and cooperation in supervisor-subordinate relationships and work units
Employees first, customers second : turning conventional management upside down
Culture matters : the leader-follower relationship in the Chinese organizational context
Revisiting the buffers of job insecurity : investigating new buffering factors between perceived job insecurity and employee outcomes
Trust development and dynamics at dyadic level : a narrative approach to studying processes of interpersonal trust in leader-follower relationships
Effective ways of empowerment
One small idea can ignite a revolution just as a single matchstick can start a fire. One such idea, putting employees first and customers second, sparked a revolution at HCL Technologies, the IT services giant. In this candid and personal account, Vineet Nayar, HCLT's celebrated CEO, recounts how he defied the conventional wisdom that companies must put customers first, then turned the hierarchical pyramid upside down by making management accountable to the employees, and not the other way around. By doing so, Nayar fired the imagination of both employees and customers and set HCLT on a journey of transformation that has made it one of the fastest-growing and profitable global IT services companies and, according to BusinessWeek, one of the twenty most influential companies in the world. Chapter by chapter, Nayar recounts the exciting journey of how he and his team implemented the employee first philosophy by: Creating a sense of urgency by enabling the employees to see the truth of the company's current state as well as feel the "romance" of its possible future state, Creating a culture of trust by pushing the envelope of transparency in communication and information sharing, Inverting the organizational hierarchy by making the management and the enabling functions accountable to the employee in the value zone, Unlocking the potential of the employees by fostering an entrepreneurial mind-set, decentralizing decision making, and transferring the ownership of "change" to the employee in the value zone. Refreshingly honest and practical, this book offers valuable insights for managers seeking to realize their aspirations to grow faster and become self-propelled engines of change
The feedback book : 50 ways to motivate and improve the performance of your people
