http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22026 tactile signing
tactile signing
Deaf interpreters at work : international insights
Proceedings of the inaugural conference of the World association of sign language interpreters (WASLI) : Worcester, South Africa, October 31st - November 2nd 2005
The Deaf way II reader : perspectives from the second international conference on deaf culture
Abstract: Haptices and haptemes : a case study of developmental process in touch-based communication of acquired deafblind people.
Developments and Innovations in Interpreting for Deafblind People
Developments and innovations in interpreting for deafblind people : Report on a comparative study of, training of, and rights to interpreters for deafblind people
Tactile sign language : turn taking and question in signed conversations of deaf-blind people
Tactile sign language significantly differs from visual mode of sign language. Based on conversation analysis of deaf-blind dyads, this book describes how turn-taking and interrogative sentences are marked in tactile sign language. Deaf-blind signers are in continuous contact by holding one another's hands in monologue or dialogue position. In tactile conversation, non-manual characteristics, the essential markers in visual sign languages, are effectively replaced by various hand movements.
Cross-linguistic perspectives in sign language research : selected papers from TISLR 2000
Haptices and haptemes : a case study of developmental process in social-haptic communication of acquired deafblind people
This book is a translated version of her PhD, rewritten to make it accessible for worldwide publication. It documents the 16-years of practical research which underlies these new methods. Haptices and Haptemes is a part of the Social-Haptic Communication philosophy which explores how the humanistic qualities of touch can be applied to different client groups. This includes people who need to develop touch-based communication methods in healthcare and educational settings. It recognises the importance of body language and environmental information in a visual context, allowing greater interactive process between clients and their families in an expanding community.
