http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22059 definition (activity)
definition (activity)
Beyond fideism : negotiable religious identities
The world's religions : continuities and transformations
Is a proverb always a proverb?
Studio talks : thinking through painting [2009-2014] / [editors] Kristina Bength ... [et al.]
Film and video art / edited by Stuart Comer
Childhood obesity : definition, causes, prevention and difference in socioeconomic status
Craft in transition
Working with monsters : a course in monsterology
NATO's security discourse after the Cold War : representing the West
Teleamp UI
Quantification : a cross-linguistic perspective
Teleamp UI is thesis made for the parent project Teleamp which is designed by the company Telesilmukka Oy. It is the web based central monitoring and controlling system. Teleamp UI was executed by using different web development tools and languages. Laravel 5.2 was the PHP framework used, OpenLayers mapping library was used to create the interactive map. Chart.js was implemented to create the charting functionality.
What is youth? How do we understand youth in its social and cultural context? In this book, Cieslik and Simpson provide and introduction to the interdisciplinary field of youth studies. Drawing upon the latest research and developments in the field, as well as discussing the fundamental ideas underlying the disciplines as a whole, it offers a comprehensive yet unpacked understanding of youth as a social phenomenon. Illuminating the many abstract and contested concepts within youth studies, this book offers explanations to questions such as: * How might we define youth? * How can we understand young people in relation to their social identities and practices? * What is the relationship between youth and social class? * How do youth cultures develop? * How can we understand youth in a globalized perspective?
Exemplarity and mediocrity : the art of the average from bourgeois tragedy to realism
Social and economic problems of Finnish Lapland
Introduction to paremiology : a comprehensive guide to proverb studies
Understanding heritage and memory
Screen/space : the projected image in contemporary art / edited by Tamara Trodd
Abstract: Market research on chippers to Japan for Junkkari Ltd.
Guidelines for pH measurement in conservation
This thesis is the result of a failed project in which its author was tasked to create a Single Sign-On access controller for Conmio Ltd, the orderer of the thesis. The goal was to provide a custom-built solution for Conmio that would fit the company's internal needs in a way which other general purpose systems couldn't.    The even initially ambitious goal was further on expanded after a questionnaire was performed to collect the company's internal requirements and more importantly by the lacking definition of limits for the system's core component, Role Base Access Control based access controller which both together caused the scope of the project to go way beyond the desirable scope for a single-man project. As a result, the project failed after being delayed in total for over a year.    The analysis of this thesis focuses on the reasons which caused the actual project to fail. As a conclusion a better way of approaching a similar piece of work is suggested.
PISA 2009 assessment framework : key competencies in reading, mathematics and science
The meaning and end of religion
"Despite efforts to tackle fraud and white collar crime, they still thrive in our society. This book explores the themes, theories and issues that are essential for understanding these crimes, using extensive examples drawn from recent events. This is an ideal guide to the changing landscape of fraud for students of Criminology and Sociology"--
Key concepts in youth studies
The Arctic : the complete story
Dangerous waters : analysis of speech acts defining and legitimising enhanced interrogation techniques
Insecurity of young of young people : the meaning of insecurity as defined by 13-17-year-old Finns
Summary.
Defining terrorism in international law
Finnish summary.
Sustainability science : a multidisciplinary approach
Market research on chippers to Japan for Junkkari Ltd. : entry strategy for Japanese forstry culture and market research
This groundbreaking and irreverent history of motherhood is worth a hundred advice books for any mother who's ever been made to feel guilty or frazzled by society's impossible expectations. Analyzing data from the psychoanalyst's couch to the hidden history of wet nursing, psychologist Shari L. Thurer wends her way from the Stone Age to the age of Hillary Rodham Clinton, painting a vivid, often frightening picture of life for mothers and children in a time when their roles were constructed by men. Along the way, she debunks myth after myth - exposing the not-so-golden ages of Classical Greece and the Italian Renaissance, and revealing the pervasive ideal of Dr. Spock's selfless, stay-at-home mother as the historical aberration it actually was. A work of impassioned scholarship and astonishing range, The Myths of Motherhood does nothing less than recast our conception of good mothering.
Christianity and the new social order : a manifesto for a fairer future
The Indo-European language family : questions about its status
The main task for most development-intensive organisations is to create, develop and commercialise new products and services. The technology push (TP) concept is considered an important competitive advantage for companies trying to create breakthrough products. Because development processes are risky and failure rates are high, especially in the case of technology pushed projects, defined success factors are valuable knowledge for the management of development-intensive firms.The prime objective of this study is to present a compact set of TP project success factors in an information and communication technology (ICT) context. Because the literature on new product development and innovation has presented many success factors for developed products, but has done so in a way that presents the factors as having a nebulous nature, the specification of TP success factors is also presented. The success factors are also empirically validated. The goal of the validation was to determine the relevance of the success factors introduced, and potentially define new ones. The validation was performed through an empirical study with semi-structured company interviews.As a result of this study we concluded that one success factor defined through the literature review should be removed due to a lack of relevance, that the other twelve success factors were validated, and three new success factors were identified during the empirical study. Eventually fifteen TP success factors are defined and presented.The practical relevance of this study is to help firm management to recognise the real actions needed to reduce product development risks. The theoretical relevance is in helping scholars to focus on key issues when studying the key factors of breakthrough development cases.
Head first software development
Preserving impermanence : the creation of heritage in Vientiane, Laos
Fundamentals of gifted education : considering multiple perspectives
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in 1920s and 1930s
Supply management capability
Specification of a testing system
Optimization of the preprocessing steps of MEG measurement data in Meggie application
Geometrinen tuotemäärittely (GPS) = Geometrical Product Specifications (GPS) : pinnan ominaisuuksien ilmoittaminen teknisissä tuoteasiakirjoissa = indication of surface texture in technical product documentation
E-commerce proposal for Pipelife Finland
The Myths of motherhood : how culture reinvents the good mother
Informal and formal requirements specification
Categorisation and classification of native populations by state authorities : the case of the Sámi in Nordland county, Norway during the 17th and 18th centuries
The psychopath test : a journey through the madness industry
A redescription of the concept for political studies
Software development and professional practice
Cognitive approach to proverbs : a universal mode of thinking?
Metaphysics and the origin of species
Painting / edited by Terry R. Myers
Standard specification for performance of engine oils
Developing technology pushed breakthroughs : defining and assessing success factors in ICT industry
A study of thinking
Icons: Visual representation to enrich requirements engineering work
Exaggeration and bravo : an urban anthropological view of petty 'crime'
A practical guide to measuring usability : 72 answers to the most common questions about quantifying the usability of websites and software
Galen on diseases and symptoms
Requirement specification of a network management system sales configurator
Managing Requirements of Standards and Regulations for Engine Control System : Case Study of Storing System Requirements from DNV in Polarion
The conceptualization of 'welfare' in developing country : the case of contemporary Thailand (1932-2007)
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in the 1920s and 1930s
The Imagined West : Exploring Occidentalism
Mental disorders in the classical world
Paul Fleming investigates the strategies employed by German literature from 1750 to 1850 for increasingly attuning itself to quotidian life - common heroes, everyday life, non-extraordinary events - while also avoiding all notions of mediocrity. He focuses on three sites of this tension: the average audience (Lessing), the average artist (Goethe and Schiller), and the everyday, or average life (Grillparzer and Stifter).The book's title, "Exemplarity and Mediocrity", describes both a disjunctive and a conjunctive relation. Read disjunctively, modern art must display the 'exemplary originality' (Kant) that only genius can provide and is thus fundamentally opposed to mediocrity as that which does not stand out or lacks distinctiveness; in the conjunctive sense, modern art turns to non-exceptional life in order to transform it - without forsaking its commonness - thereby producing exemplary forms of mediocrity that both represent the non-exceptional and, insofar as they stand outside the group they represent, are something other than mediocre.
Developing an access controller for Conmio Ltd's services
Studying  fraud as white collar crime
Lectures in Christian Dogmatics
