http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22024 primitivism
primitivism
Gauguin Polynesia : [Ny Carlsberg Glyptotek, Copenhagen, 24 September - 31 December, 2011 : Seattle Art Museum, WA, 9 February - 29 April, 2012] / [edited by Suzanne Greub]
Primitivism and twentieth-century art : a documentary history
In defence of reason
The idea of a colony : cross-culturalism in modern poetry
"Primitivism" in 20th century art : affinity of the tribal and the modern. Volume I
Primitivism and modern art
Primitivism in modern art / Robert Goldwater
Gauguin to Moore : primitivism in modern sculpture : Art Gallery of Ontario, Toronto, November 7, 1981 - January 3, 1982 / Alan G. Wilkinson
Gone primitive : savage intellects, modern lives
Art of the twentieth century : a reader / edited by Jason Gaiger and Paul Wood
Modernist goods : primitivism, the market and the gift
Theories of art. Vol. 3, From Impressionism to Kandinsky
Modern primitives : naive painting from the late seventeenth century until the present day : with 389 illustrations including 204 colour plates
Nostalgia for the primordial : primitiveness / Soili Sinisalo
Primitive passions : men, women, and the quest for ecstasy
Man Ray, African art and the Modernist lens
Where art is joy : Haitian art: the first forty years
"Primitivism" in the 20th century art : affinity of the tribal and the modern. Vol. 1
Noble savages and human beasts : the primitive Finnish neo-naturalism
Prehistories of the future : the primitivist project and the culture of modernism
Cross-cultural issues in art : frames for understanding
Modern primitives : naive painting from the late seventeenth century until the present day
The neo-primitivist turn : critical reflections on alterity, culture, and modernity
French primitivism and the ends of empire, 1945-1975
Tracing the sources : Finnish ways towards primitiveness / S. S.
Primitivism, cubism, abstraction : the early twentieth century
"Primitivism" in 20th century art : affinity of the tribal and the modern. Volume II
The myth of primitivism : perspectives on art / edited and compiled by Susan Hiller
Negrophilia : avant-garde Paris and black culture in the 1920s
Artificial Africa in the European avant-garde : Marinetti and Tzara
Primitive painting
Vladimir Markov and Russian primitivism : a charter for the avant-garde
World encyclopedia of naive art : a hundred years of naive art
Dances with Darwin, 1875-1910 : vernacular modernity in France
Art in theory, 1900-1990 : an anthology of changing ideas
The preference for the primitive : episodes in the history of Western taste and art
Gauguin Tahiti : the studio of the South seas : [Galeries Nationales du Grand Palais, Paris, September 30, 2003 - January 19, 2004 : Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, February 29, 2004 - June 20, 2004] / George T. M. Shackelford and Claire Frèches-Thory ; with addional essays by Isabelle Cahn ... [et al.]
