http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22041 car rentals
car rentals
Customer satisfaction development research : comparison of the customer feedback success factors of Sixt Finland and Sixt Sweden
Car rental for employees' business trips :  survey in Turku region
This research focused in comparing the received customer feedback of the worldwide operating Sixt Rent a Car in the franchise countries Finland and Sweden. Objective of the thesis was to find out the differences in the success factors between the two neighbouring markets, discovering points of development in for customer satisfaction. The main research method was quantitative desktop study on the received customer feedback for observation period of one year. The main research was reinforced by qualitative research into the received verbal feedback commentary and by expert interviews with the management personnel of Sixt Finland and Sixt Sweden. The development suggestions are intersection of the research findings and the theoretical framework addressing service management, customer behaviour, customer satisfaction and the concepts of customer journey mapping and quality perception. Factual market differences between the countries concerning car rental industry were also addressed to ensure the validity and relevance of the study. Main findings of the research revealed that for the observation period, the overall received customer feedback was slightly better in favour of Sixt Sweden. Main reasons covered in the conclusions include differing organizational structures, difference in the vehicle fleet composition and cultural differences between the countries and organizations. Relating to the market size of the countries, also the business volumes can be seen as one factor affecting customer feedback. The development suggestions introduced are centred on the importance of customer-based thinking. Various themes e.g. customer service situations, communication, vehicles, premises and attitudes of the customer service personnel are covered in the development draft.
Development of a strategy to attract and keep business customers
Revenue management for hospitality and tourism
The role of avis in the tourism development in Nigeria
Sustaining and developing business relationships in a car rental company : case Hertz Finland
The objective of this thesis was to create a comprehensive business plan for a small start-up business and investigate the feasibility of establishing a low-cost car rental company in the Tampere area. This thesis examined the theory of business planning and company establishment processes in a small business perspective, which was applied into practice by creating business plan for an imaginary low-cost car rental company North North Rent-A-Car.   The study was conducted by using various research methods to gain a deeper understanding of the business environment and customer markets. Primary data collection was done by conducting market survey at strategically significant locations in order to get reliable information of consumer habits and market trends. Secondary data was collected using assorted business literature, Internet resources and books.   The practical business plan for North North Rent-A-Car was based on the results of the market research and theory of business planning. The results of the market research imply that there is demand for a low-cost car rental company in the Tampere area. The study found that establishing a low-cost car rental company would be feasible in the chosen area.
Development of a prototybe web shop
This Bachelor's thesis was commissioned by a firm called “IGO Toiminimi“ and the aim of it was to develop a web application to help both the company and private users to post and advertise cars they are selling, renting or exchanging. To develop this application few technologies and tools were used. They include PHP, MySQL, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Bootstrap (to design the interface) and Sublime Text (as a source code editor). It was able to use these tools and technologies by integrating each other to give the desired output. As a result there is a working program that runs in a “localhost” server connection. Users can register and log in to the system in order to interact with the application. As it has not been tested on a real working server on a web, in future the development requires more options for the users for a better interaction with the system in a user friendly and easy way. More technologies might also need to be introduced for a faster and better outcome.
A business plan for a low-cost car rental company in the Tampere area : case: North North Rent-A-Car
Selection criteria for car rental customers at Helsinki Airport : Customer survey
