http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22042 clans
clans
Darkest hour
Lord of the Darkwood
Fading echoes
Warriors. SkyClan and the stranger #3. after the flood
Politics of Cain : one hudred years of crisis in Somali politics and society
The genealogical construction of the Kyrgyz Republic : kinship, state and "tribalism"
Scottish clan and family names : their arms, origins and tartans
Albania : family, society and culture in the 20th century
Warriors. SkyClan and the stranger #1. the rescue
The blazing star
The Dukes : the origins, ennoblement and history of 26 families
Students of anthropology, international relations and political science, as well as those interested in regional studies, will welcome the solid analytical and theoretical structure of this book. --Book Jacket.
Warriors : Skyclan & the stranger. 2 : Beyond the code
Into the Wild
Witch light
Fire and ice
Blood rage
The untold stories
Highlander most wanted
Yellowfang's secret
Tales from the Clans
A fortress of grey ice
Tigerclaw is back and more dangerous than ever as the new leader of ShadowClan, but he is not the most terrifying enemy Fireheart must face as a new force sweeps through the woods.
Starlight
A forest divided
Fireheart, a full-fledged warrior cat, must confront questions of loyalty and identity as he faces the possibility of betrayal from within his own forest clan
Warriors : Skyclan & the stranger. 3 : After the flood
Warriors : Skyclan & the stranger. 1 : Rescue
The man with the iron fists. 2
Blue remembered Earth
In a paradigmatic shift, Gullette analyses how people's exploration of genealogy serves to establish relatedness between groups and individuals through shared memories of ancestors, but not to define social structure. His examination of personal accounts of honouring ancestors and fulfilling family obligations reveals how moral values are transmitted through genealogies and how social relations are maintained to receive help through family networks.
Isle of Skye : from chieftain to king
Warriors. SkyClan and the stranger #2. beyond the code
The warrior cat Fireheart's determination to uncover the truth about another warrior's death leads him deep into danger, and reveals secrets that test the strength of clan loyalties.
Brave : the essential guide
Warriors. Ravenpaw's path #3. the heart of a warrior
Highland destiny
The Scottish tartans : with historical sketches of the clans and families of Scotland
Night whispers
Rising storm
A dangerous path
Highland Barbarian
The clans, septs, and regiments of the Scottish Highlands
Skyclan's destiny
The winter isles
History, which shapes memories, became the vehicle for a national campaign through which former President Askar Akaev adapted these relations to create an ethnic and state ideology of unity. By introducing and exploiting national celebrations, the former president not only advanced the ideals of the republic, but also introduced elements of self-discipline. Gullette utilizes genealogy to explore the contexts in which these celebrations were conducted and the value placed on them for the Akaev regime's longevity.
Shattered peace
Outcast
Path of stars
Forest of secrets
Long Shadows
The Monguors of the Kansu-Tibetan frontier. Part III, Records of the Monguor clans. History of the Monguors in Huangchung and the Chronicles of the Lu Family
His wicked ways
The Zin letters : the Kalikos society Gloranthan magazine. 3
Warriors : Enter the Clans
For generations, four clans of wild cats have shared the forest. When their warrior code is threatened by mysterious deaths, a house cat named Rusty may turn out to be the bravest warrior of all.
The fourth apprentice
The Pinhoe egg
The Metabarons : ultimate collection
Wolf brother
Highland hero
The darkest hour
The last hope
After the end
A sword from red ice
The wandering falcon
The Nāyakas of Ikkēri
The sight
The metabarons. #2 : Aghnar & Oda
Traditional Micronesian societies : adaptation, integration, and political organization
Shadows of the clans
Midnight thief
Highland scandal
Warrior princess : my quest to become the first female Maasai warrior
Rogue with a brogue
The forgotten warrior
Never love a highlander
The Zin letters : the Kalikos society Gloranthan magazine. 1
The metabarons. #1 : Othon & Honorata
Genevieve McInnis is locked behind the fortified walls of McHugh Keep, captive of a cruel laird who takes great pleasure in ruining her for any other man. Yet when Bowen Montgomery storms the gates on a mission of clan warfare, Genevieve finds that her spirit is bent but not broken. Unable to bear the shame of returning to a family that believes her dead or to abandon others at the keep to an imposing new laird, Genevieve opts for the peaceful life of an abbess. But Bowen's rugged sensuality stirs something deep inside her that longs to be awakened by his patient, gentle caress--something warm, wicked, and tempting.
At the head of your ship, you eagerly search for any sign of land. As you peer through the dissipating mist, it finally gives way to the silhouette of cliffs—you have arrived at your new home. Now your clans can partake in a new era of prosperity. Rival chieftains also set sail for this same land, and soon the time will come to hold the Great Council and elect the High King of Inis. Will you be the one who ascends to the throne?
The metabarons. #3 : Steelhead & Doña Vicenta
Emperor of the eight islands
Contributions to the ethnology of the Haida
Forest of Secrets
The Lordship of the Isles
Some like it Scot
Crookedstar's promise
Twilight
The warrior
The complete book of tartan : a heritage encyclopedia of over 400 tartans and the stories that shaped Scottish history
Scottish clans & tartans
Sign of the moon
The Nuer : a description of the modes of livelihood and political institutions of a Nilotic people
The scottish clans and their tartans : history of each clan and full list of septs
A Somali nation-state : history, culture and Somaliland's political transition
A cavern of black ice
Against a background of wild forest, elegant castles, hidden temples and savage battlefields, the adventure that began with 'Emperor of the Eight Islands' draws to its thrilling conclusion. The rightful emperor is lost. Shikanoko is condemned to live, half-man and half-deer, an outlaw in the Darkwood. Yet the mighty lords who now rule the Eight Islands are prey to suspicion and illness, and drought and famine choke the realm. Only Shikanoko can bring healing, by restoring the preordained ruler to the Lotus Throne. And only one person can bring him back from the Darkwood.
Fire and Ice
Orayvi revisited : social stratification in an "egalitarian" society
ThunderClan's darkest hour is upon them and Fireheart, the warrior cat, must protect his clan from a threat unlike any the forest has ever seen, as the time comes for prophecies to unfold and heroes to rise.
An age gone by : Lu Xun's clan in decline
Warriors. Ravenpaw's path #2. a clan in need
In this important new study on the peoples of the Kyrgyz Republic (Kyrgyzstan), David Gullette exposes significant misconceptions that have hitherto shaped Western understanding about the role of kinship in Kyrgyz society and offers new insights into notions of relatedness.
Based on Walls' long-standing engagement with the Horn of Africa, this book offers a comprehensive and fine-tuned account of the current political landscape of the Somali regions, with a particular focus on Somaliland. It details the country's transition to the current multi-party democracy, and the formation of a hybrid system based on both consensus and representative decision making processes. Somalilanders' impressive ability to manage crises, often at the last moment, and their careful negotiation of nation-state politics and Somali custom are painstakingly examined, offering a powerful counter-narrative to that of the 'failed state' that tends to dominate the region. Walls' analysis of the successes and challenges that lie ahead resonate beyond Somaliland. This book is an essential read for researchers, policy-makers and practitioners with an interest in governance and politics in the region.
Fireheart, a full-fledged warrior cat, must confront questions of loyalty and identity as he faces the possibility of betrayal from within his own forest clan.
Kinsmen and clansmen
Fireheart, the warrior cat, faces many challenges in his new role of ThunderClan deputy as his apprentice, Cloudpaw, resists following the warrior code, Bluestar weakens, and Tigerclaw continues to haunt the forest seeking revenge.
Scotland and her tartans : the romantic heritage of the Scottish clans and families
"For many moons, the warrior cats have lived in peace in their territories around the lake. But a dark shadow looms on the horizon, and the time has come for one young cat to shape his destiny - and the fate of all the warrior Clans. Alderpaw, the son of the ThunderClan leader, Bramblestar, is eager to find his place in Clan life. When he begins having strange dreams - visions that can only have been sent by the warrior ancestors in StarClan - Bramblestar names him apprentice to the Clan's medicine cat. But the omens in Alderpaw's dreams will soon send him away from everything he has ever known on a quest to ensure the Clans' survival."--Publisher description.
Highland Promise
Into the wild
Warriors. Ravenpaw's path #1. shattered peace
