http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22011 hate crimes
hate crimes
Sweetheart
Policing racist crime and violence : a comparative analysis
Stolen women in Medieval England : rape, abduction, and adultery, 1100-1500
"This study of illicit sexuality in medieval England explores links between marriage and sex, law and disorder, and property and power. Some medieval Englishwomen endured rape or were kidnapped for forced marriages, yet most ravished women were married and many 'wife-thefts' were not forced kidnappings but cases of adultery fictitiously framed as abduction by abandoned husbands. In pursuing the themes of illicit sexuality and non-normative marital practices, this work analyses the nuances of the key Latin term raptus and the three overlapping offences that it could denote: rape, abduction and adultery. This investigation broadens our understanding of the role of women in the legal system; provides a means for analysing male control over female bodies, sexuality and access to the courts; and reveals ways in which female agency could, on occasion, manoeuvre around such controls"--Provided by publisher.
The Oxford handbook of crime and public policy
Hate crimes : causes, controls, and controversies
When everything feels like the movies
Activities in ..
The Oxford handbook of the responsibility to protect
Misery bay
Hate on the net : extremist sites, neo-fascism on-line, electronic jihad
Policing cyber hate, cyber threats and cyber terrorism
European Muslim antisemitism : why young urban males say they don't like Jews
The Gypsy menace : populism and the new anti-gypsy politics
"The country we want to live in: Hate crimes and homophobia in the lives of black lesbian South Africans offers a refreshing perspective on violence perpetrated against black lesbians. Based on a Roundtable seminar, held during the 2006 16 Days of Activism for no Violence against Women and Children, the text engages the heteronormative focus of the campaign, profiles aspects of the dynamic conversations, and builds strong arguments about violence against lesbians. It also profiles the voices of women who are central to the activism around hate crimes and homophobia. In capturing key aspects of the lively discussion of 2006, an update of subsequent events that have bearing on the original seminar is provided, concluding with recommendations that have relevance for research, policy and practice. The country we want to live in makes an impassioned plea about citizenship, belonging and social justice, confirming that silence about these issues is not an option"--Cover.
Fifteen-year-old Ari Mendoza is an angry loner with a brother in prison, but when he meets Dante and they become friends, Ari starts to ask questions about himself, his parents, and his family that he has never asked before / Library of Congress.
Rampage : the social roots of school shootings
Ceremonial violence : a psychological explanation of school shootings
Critical queer studies : law, film, and fiction in contemporary American culture
The girl with the dragon tattoo
Hate crimes in cyberspace
Collection of data on hate crime
Annual report / : summary
Restorative justice theory and practice : addressing the discrepancy
Executive summary (s. 9-24).
Disability hate crimes : does anyone really hate disabled people?
Crime prevention : new approaches
Discrimination and hate crime against Jews in EU Member States : experiences and perceptions of antisemitism
Hate crime : papers from the 2006 and 2007 Stockholm Criminology Symposiums
Cybercrime : key issues and debates
The Ku Klux Klan in the city 1915-1930
International criminal justice : law and practice from the Rome Statute to its review
Half the sky : how to change the world
Minority rights, freedom of expression and of the media : dynamics and dilemmas
Bit Bang IV : future of internet : societal, business, governance and technological aspects
Ultra-nationalism and hate crimes in contemporary Russia : the 2004-2006 annual reports of Moscow's SOVA Center
The political psychology of democratic citizenship
Red bones
Religious pluralism and human rights in Europe : where to draw the line?
Death of an expert witness
The Oxford handbook of philosophy of criminal law
Backlash 9/11 : Middle Eastern and Muslim Americans respond
The lighthouse
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
Hatred in the hallways : violence and discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender students in U.S. schools
Ever again
The laws of genocide : : prescriptions for a just world
Aristotle and Dante discover the secrets of the universe
Hate crimes revisited : America's war on those who are different
The communication of hate
New types of crime : proceedings of the International Seminar held in connection with HEUNI's thirtieth anniversary, Helsinki 20 October 2011
Murder in Amsterdam : the death of Theo van Gogh and the limits of tolerance
Critical Queer Studies examines contemporary films and documentaries that dramatize the intersection of law and queer life, analyzing the effects of legal doctrines-jury selection, unwanted sexual advance, negligence, hate crimes, and gay marriage-on the production and reception of queer film and fiction. Exploring the interaction of these discourses by discussing internationally-known American films, the book demonstrates how the law maintains its hold over the queer subject through promoting certain ideological fictions and conversely how film and literature draw upon the material realities of queer legal status to dramatize conflicts between law and the marginalized subject. Critical Queer Studies synthesizes queer studies, law and literature, and film studies, engaging these fields to show how the struggle for gay and lesbian rights has influenced the production of film and fiction.
Breaking the cycles of hatred : memory, law, and repair
Extreme speech and democracy
Media freedom under the human rights act
Crimes of hate, conspiracy of silence : torture and ill-treatment based on sexual identity
Joe - armoton
The girl who played with fire
Executive summary (s. 4-7).
Red state
My Name Is Red
Racism and xenophobia in the EU member states : trends, developments and good practice : EUMC - annual report 2003/2004, part 2
The country we want to live in : hate crimes and homophobia in the lives of black lesbian South Africans
Homophobias : lust and loathing across time and space
The annual report on the situation regarding racism and xenophobia in the member states of the EU : EUMC 2006
