http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2203 radars
radars
Radar observation of clear air and clouds
Echoes of war : the story of H2S radar
Snow monitoring using microwave radars
Development of incoherent scatter modulation and data analysis methods
Radar systems principles
Processing of synthetic aperture radar images
Radar for technicians : installation, maintenance and repair
CMOS time-to-digital converter structures for the integrated receiver of a pulsed time-of-flight laser rangefinder
Suomi-Finland : Doppler station
Proceedings of the Eight Weather Radar Conference : San Francisco, California April 11-14, 1960. 8
Aviation electronics
Introduction to airborne radar
Superyacht master : navigation and radar for the master (yachts) certificate
The infrared and electro-optical systems handbook. Vol. 6, Active electro-optical systems
Digital elevation model technologies and applications : the DEM users manual
Towards the use of radar winds in numerical weather prediction
Ground penetrating radar : geophysical research methods
Weather radar networking : seminar on COST Project 73
Structure and dynamics of the magnetosphere inferred from radar and optical observations at high latitudes
The navigation control manual
Introduction to incoherent scatter measurements
On statistical theory of radar measurements
Ground penetrating radar : theory and applications
Navigation monitoring system for the Gulf of Finland : increase in traffic sets a challenge for the authorities
Radar technology : pulse radars
Measurement of precipitation by radar
Methods and algorithms for pre-processing and classification of multichannel radar remote sensing images
Blip, ping and buzz : making sense of radar and sonar
Air and spaceborne radar systems : an introduction
Microwave radar and radiometric remote sensing
Polarimetric scattering and SAR information retrieval
GOFREP improves maritime safety
Construction of airborne radars for remote sensing
The global geospace mission
Remote sensing of snow-cover for the boreal forest zone using microwave radar
Planetary surface characterization by modeling radar scattering
Remote sensing with imaging radar
Radar equations for modern radar
Sweden and Finland are ready for large scale use of AIS
Radar Meteorology Conference : papers to be discussed at McGill University Montreal, Canada 20-23 August 1968. 13
Studies of magnetosphere-ionosphere coupling in auroral substorms using radar and satellite techniques
Fundamentals of radar signal processing
Satellite radar interferometry : subsidence monitoring techniques
The electrical engineering handbook. Electronics, power electronics, optoelectronics, microwaves, electromagnetics, and radar
Two-dimensional phase unwrapping : theory, algorithms, and software
Electronic navigation
Conference on Radar Meteorology : Norman, Oklahoma October 17-20, 1966. 12
Radar and ARPA manual
Supplement to the proceedings of the Conference on Radio Meteorology : November 91-2, 1953 The University of Texas. 4
Microwave and radar engineering
Inverse synthetic aperture radar imaging with MATLAB
Electronic aids to navigation : radar and ARPA
A rain warning system for peat production using radar technology
Vessel Traffic System
Capturing Doppler curves with image processing
Proceedings of the Conference on Radio Meteorology : November 91-2, 1953 The University of Texas. 4
Radar target classification by micro-Doppler contributions
26th International Conference on Radar Meteorology, 24-28 May 1993, Norman, OK
Spare parts optimazation for long-range surveillance radar after mid-life upgrade
Auroral and meteor applications of the EISCAT incoherent scatter radar
Supporting observations for EISCAT and VIKING in Northern Europe
Jane's radar and electronic warfare systems
Integrating ship bridge systems : a practical guide. Vol 1, Radar and AIS
Introduction to radar systems
Development and feasibility of airborne ranging radar for forest assessment
Radar Meteorology Conference : November 17-20, 1970 Tucson,Arizona. 14
Radar systems analysis and design using Matlab
The big book of marine electronics
Brassey's world aircraft & systems directory. 1996/97
Radar polarimetry and interferometry for remote sensing of boreal forest
Principles of radar and sonar signal processing
Microwave scattering and emission models and their applications
Monitoring Turns Using Radar
1964 World Conference on Radio Meteorology incorporating the Eleventh Weather Radar Conference. 11
Radar techniques using array antennas
Issues concerning target detection by airborne pulse doppler radar
Rain clutter filtering with wavelet filter bank
Spatial distribution of snow in Antarctica and other glacier studies using ground-penetrating radar
Radar Meteorology Conference : April 22-24, 1975 Houston, Texas. 16
Interactions of the shape of a particle size distribution and physical processes using a three moment snow growth model in two snowfall cases
Introduction to radar analysis
Singular spectrum analysis and envelope detection: methods of enhancing the utility of ground-penetrating radar data
Principles of radar
Integrated receiver channel circuits and structures for a pulsed time-of-flight laser radar
Basic radar : a basic training manual developed by a special Electronics Training Investigation Team of the Royal Electrical & Mechanical Engineers working in conjunction with Technical Training Command of the Royal Air Force and Decca Radar Limited. Part 1.
Trinity House co-ordinates successful UAIS trial in Solent
Resource management information systems : remote sensing, GIS and modelling
Finnish abstract:Spare parts optimazation for long-range surveillance radar after mid-life upgrade.
Radar in meteorology : Battan memorial and 40th anniversary radar meteorology conference
Surface-penetrating radar
Modern radar : analysis, evaluation, and system design
Methods of radar cross-section analysis
Tools and methods for radar performance evaluation and enhancement
EM detection of concealed targets
AIS : for ships in the future
Doppler radar and weather observations
Radar in world war II
Radar stations in Denmark 1942-1945 : post "post mortem" : the Luftwaffe Luftnachrichten Dienst in Denmark 1942-1945 : organization and employment = Radaranlæg i Danmark fra 1942 til 1945
Advances in photogrammetry, remote sensing, and spatial information : 2008 ISPRS congress book
Electronic intelligence : the interception of radar signals
VTS controls and monitors in Helsinki harbour
Impact of the microstructure of precipitation and hydrometeors on multi-frequency radar observations
Principles of synthetic aperture radar imaging : a system simulation approach
ABC's of radar
Radar observer's handbook : for merchant navy officers
Military radar defence lines of northern North America: an historical geography
Proceedings of the Tenth Weather Radar Conference : Washington, D.C. April 22-25. 10
Safer shipping in the Gulf of Finland
Electronic navigation and VTT
Radar electronic countermeasures system design
Effect of snow wetness to C-band backscatter : a modeling approach
Adlard Coles Book of Electronic Navigation
Ground penetrating radar and related data processing techniques
On median based pulse compression : with application to airborne Doppler weather radar in free flight operations
Signal processing methods for multicarrier passive radar and communication systems
Radar Meteorology Conference : October 10-12, 1972 Champaign-Urbana. 16
Imaging with synthetic aperture radar
Dynamic positioning. Vol. 9
GOFREP : enhancing safety through onshore monitoring
Dynamic positioning
Abstract: Pulse radars are the most common type of radar used because of its versatility and abilities in function. This thesis will be covered from the viewpoint of military and civilian aviation. The thesis will concentrate on the basics of pulse radars and its function. The structure of the pulse radar will be covered in more detail, and also the most common mathematical formulas in radar  technology.  The function of a secondary surveillance radar (SSR) will also be covered in more detail. The purpose of this thesis is to give a basic understanding of radar  technology and pulse radars.
Based on the classic "Radar Range-Performance Analysis" from 1980, this volume extends that work to ensure applicability of radar equations to the design and analysis of modern radars. It helps engineers to identify what information on the radar and its environment is needed to predict detection range.
Marine electronic navigation
