http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2204 radio equipment
radio equipment
How electronic things work ... and what to do when they don't
Wireless : the crucial decade : history of the British wireless industry 1924-34
The ARRL handbook for radio amateurs. 1992.
The ARRL antenna book
All the light we cannot see : a novel
The ARRL handbook for radio communications 2013.
ON4UN's low-band DXing : antennas, equipment and  techniques for DXcitement on 160, 80 and 40 meters
Scroggie's Foundations of Wireless and Electronics
Terminology of tube radios and how it is done
Basics to radio interviewing
Maritime navigation and radiocommunication equipment and systems : integrated navigation systems - part 2: modular structure for ins - operational and performance requirements, methods of testing and required test results (IEC 61924-2:2012)
Avionics for the pilot : an introduction to navigational and radio systems for aircraft
Fundamentals of Nuclear Pharmacy
Radio control helicopter models
From the highly acclaimed, multiple award-winning Anthony Doerr, a stunningly ambitious and beautiful novel about a blind French girl and a German boy whose paths collide in occupied France as both try to survive the devastation of World War II. Marie Laure lives with her father in Paris within walking distance of the Museum of Natural History where he works as the master of the locks (there are thousands of locks in the museum). When she is six, she goes blind, and her father builds her a model of their neighborhood, every house, every manhole, so she can memorize it with her fingers and navigate the real streets with her feet and cane. When the Germans occupy Paris, father and daughter flee to Saint-Malo on the Brittany coast, where Marie-Laure's agoraphobic great uncle lives in a tall, narrow house by the sea wall. In another world in Germany, an orphan boy, Werner, grows up with his younger sister, Jutta, both enchanted by a crude radio Werner finds. He becomes a master at building and fixing radios, a talent that wins him a place at an elite and brutal military academy and, ultimately, makes him a highly specialized tracker of the Resistance. Werner travels through the heart of Hitler Youth to the far-flung outskirts of Russia, and finally into Saint-Malo, where his path converges with Marie-Laure. Doerr's gorgeous combination of soaring imagination with observation is electric. Deftly interweaving the lives of Marie-Laure and Werner, Doerr illuminates the ways, against all odds, people try to be good to one another. Ten years in the writing, All the Light We Cannot See is his most ambitious and dazzling work.
Five hundred wireless questions answered
ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2007
Introduction to airborne radar
Old radio sets
A note on the use of backpack radio-tags on medium-sized woodpeckers
Aviation electronics
Schlüter's radio controlled helicopter manual
Adaptive multi-standard RF front-ends
Pirate radio and video : experimental transmitter projects
Secrets of RF circuit design
Experimental analysis of multidimensional radio channels
Electronics, navigational aids and radio theory for electrotechnical officers
A study of the evolution of concentration in the electrical appliances industry for the United Kingdom : electrical appliances primarily for domestic use : broadcast receiving and sound reproducing equipment
Radio control primer : an introduction to radio control of powered model aircraft
The ARRL Handbook : for radio communications
Downloadable application in basic digital receivers using return channel
Build your own transistor radios : a hobbyists guide to high-performance and low-powered radio circuits
Say again, please : guide to radio communications
Divided into three sections, the book includes the complete syllabus for Electrotechnology Officers as specified by the Association of Marine Electronic and Radio Colleges (AMERC), with each section providing a series of questions and answers that will give the student practice at working at the examination level.The book introduces basic electronics, physical concepts of atoms and how electricity flows, conductors, insulators. It also introduces resistors, semiconductors, capacitor inductors and tuned circuits.The book explores the theory of how a range of navigational aids and radio systems work, how to operate and test them, and how to fault find to component or sub system level. Additionally, it includes theory of how radio communications systems work, how to operate them, and how to fault find to component or subsystem level.Importantly, this is the first textbook to be aimed primarily at ETOs, covering the changes to the STCW 2010.
Practical radio-frequency handbook
Enhanced radio access technologies for next generation mobile communication
High-linearity RF amplifier design
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2012
The ARRL handbook for radio communications 2016
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2017
Performance analysis of cognitive radio networks and radio resource allocation
Developing FM radio automated test system
Gammajet : fixed-wing gamma survey for the detection of radioactive materials : Finnish support to IAEA
Studies towards improving RFID reader performance
The electronics of radio
Cognitive networks : towards self-aware networks
Troubleshooting and repairing consumer electronics without a schematic
Monitoring of airborne contamination using mobile equipment
Basic radio : understanding the key building blocks : includes build-it-yourself radio projects!
Digital front-end signal processing with widely-linear signal models in radio devices
Radio navigation chart : lower airpace
Practical applications of radioactivity and nuclear radiations
Radar spurious emission : measurement and impact on radio communication system performance
The beginner's handbook of amateur radio
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2014
Flying radio control gliders
Automated test system for FM radio measurements
Coordination and adaptation techniques for efficient resource utilization in cognitive radio networks
Radio production worktext : studio and equipment
Usability of electronic household appliances : panel test and study of user's manuals
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2015
Radio engineering for wireless communication and sensor applications
Installing radio control aircraft equipment
Radiolaitteet = Radio facility index
The paging technology handbook
Third generation mobile technology and its evolution towards fourth generation
Sound design : classic audio & hi-fi design
A study on prices and features of the markets of domestic appliances, radio- and television sets and records (classical repertoire) for the Netherlands
The ARRL handbook 2009 for radio communications
Geometry-based radio channel modeling : propagation analysis and concept development
GPS & Galileo : dual RF front-end receiver and design, fabrication, and test
Software defined radio : enabling technologies
The ARRL handbook for radio amateurs : 1995
Enroute-chart : lower airspace
The ARRL Handbook for Radio Amateurs. 2002
Radio receiver projects you can build
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2011
Spherical wave theory applied to mobile radio channel modeling, synthesis and emulation
Music machines - American style : a catalog of the exhibition
The ARRL handbook for radio communications
The history of music machines
