http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22029 informants
informants
According to Baba : a collaborative oral history of Sudbury's Ukrainian community
Persuasion or coercion? : striving for understanding in conducting open interviews
Summary in Magyarfalu (Csángó) dialect.
Oral history off the record : toward an ethnography of practice
Pilgrims' reflections on the Camino de Santiago and Glastonbury as expressions of vernacular religion : fieldworker's perspective
Considering insiders, outsiders and in-between : reflections on fieldwork in Magyarfalu
Ocasião : the marquis and the anthropologist, a collaboration
Oral tradition and saga writing
Collecting, managing, and assessing data using sample surveys
Most discussions of oral history method are rooted in abstract ideas about what interviewing should be and should achieve. However, interviews are ultimately personal interactions between human beings, and as such they rarely conform to a methodological ideal. Nonetheless, oral history's complex, capricious nature is rarely addressed by its practitioners when they share their work with the world. The struggles and negotiations interviewers face while conducting interviews - ethical, political, personal - either go unacknowledged or are discussed only with trusted colleagues in informal settings. This groundbreaking collection shows that a full account of oral history methodology must include honest and rigorous analyses of actual practice, allowing us to embrace the uncertainties and remarkable opportunities that define a human-centered methodology. Here, fourteen practitioners draw connections between vastly different areas of study, including Holocaust memories, work with Aboriginal communities, Islamic studies, immigration, and conflict studies. All are united by the shared experience of encountering complex individuals with messy, difficult, and ultimately illuminating stories to tell.
Self-taught collectors of folklore and their challenge to archival authority
Abstract.
Research beyond borders : multidisciplinary reflections
Summary in Estonian.
Selecting ethnographic informants
Reminding informants of what they know of traditional lore
