http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22074 dinosaurs
dinosaurs
Walking with dinosaurs
Make your own dinosaurs
Investigations on Canadian dinosaurs
T. rex handbook
Macmillan illustrated encyclopedia of dinosaurs and prehistoric animals
The illustrated encyclopedia of dinosaurs
THE DINOSAUR CRAFT BOOK
Jurassic Park III
Gurps dinosaurs and other prehistoric creatures
Skull and atlas-axis complex of the Upper Jurassic sauropod Camasaurus Cope (Reptilia: Saurischia)
The field guide to prehistoric life
The anatomy of Effigia okeeffeae (Archosauria, Suchia), theropod-like convergence, and the distribution of related taxa
Resembling a paleontologist's sketchbook filled with labeled watercolor drawings and descriptive notes, Dinosaur Bones is an accurate reference to 40 dinosaurs, marine reptiles, flying reptiles and prehistoric mammals. / WorldCat.
The Natural History Museum book of dinosaurs
Dinosaur systematics : approaches and perspectives
Dinosaurs : the textbook
Evolution and extinction : Proceedings of a Joint Symposium Society and the Linnean Society, held on 9 and 10 November 1989
Dylan's amazing dinosaurs : the tyrannosaurus rex
The ultimate dinosaur book
The visual dictionary of prehistoric life
Find out about dinosaurs and the prehist. world
Dinofile : profiles of 120 amazing, terrifying and bizarre beasts
On the trail of incredible dinosaurus
WALKING WITH DINOSAURS : NEW BLOOD/A TIME OF TITANS
Sticky fingers : dinosaurs
Sea monsters : prehistoric predators of the deep
First dinosaur encyclopedia
The Arctic Alaska Dinosaur Program
Planet dinosaur : the next generation of giant killers
The complete dinosaur dictionary
Everything you need to know about dinosaurs and other prehistoric creatures
The prehistoris world of the dinosaur
Team T. Rex
A new look at the dinosaurs
Jurassic park
Aspects of theropod paleobiology
The illustrated encyclopedia of dinosaurs : an original and compelling insigt into life in the dinosaur kingdom
T. Rex : hunter or scavenger?
Macmillan illustrated encyclopedia of dinosaurs.
The visual dictionary of dinosaurs
The Natural History Museum triceratops
12 super-incredible dinosaurs you need to know / b
Dinosaur bones : and what they tell us
The dinosauria
Discovering dinosaurs : an exciting guide to Prehistoric creatures, with 350 fabulous detailed drawings of dinosaurs and Prehistoric beasts and the places they lived
THE GREAT DINOSAUR ATLAS
Walking with beasts : a prehistoric safari
Frankie and his team love playing football. There's always time for a game. And now that they have their magical football they're playing against teams they never imagined! While on holiday at a summer camp, Frankie, Charlie, Louise and Max the dog are transported to a prehistoric land of dinosaurs. Can they reunite a baby pterodactyl with its mum, and avoid being eaten by a hungry T-Rex? The friends will need to use all their football skills to get home in one piece!. / WorldCat.
Dinosaurs of the air : the evolution and loss of flight in dinosaurs and birds
Developing dinosaurs and ancient worlds
Dinosaur origami : [instructions for 25 models]
Dylan's amazing dinosaurs : the triceratops
Walking with dinosaurs. Land of giants. The giant claw
The science of monsters
Discusses evidence fom paleontologists showing that Tyrannosaurus rex both hunted and scavenged for food.
Draw 50 dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals
Children's encyclopedia : dinosaurs and prehistoric life
Dinosaurs, diamonds, and things from outer space : the great extinction
