http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22037 memory loss diseases
memory loss diseases
Managing life with a memory disorder : the mutual processes of those with memory disorders and their family caregivers following a diagnosis
The 10 secrets of healthy ageing : how to live longer, look younger and feel great
The influence of certain processing factors on the durability of yttrium stabilized zirconia used as dental biomaterial
The things we keep
Dementia, design and technology : time to get involved
Mild cognitive impairment and early Alzheimer's disease : detections and diagnosis
The Pool Activity Level (PAL) instrument for occupational profiling : a practical resource for carers of people with cognitive impairment
Montessori-based activities for persons with dementia. Volume 2
Dementia : the one-stop guide : practical advice for families, professionals and people living with dementia and Alzheimer's disease
Cortical thickness analysis in early diagnostics of Alzheimer's disease
Dementia : challenges and new directions
Alzheimer talk, text, and context : enhancing communication
Computer-based cognitive training for older adults : determinants of adherence
This publication is about the kinds of ethically challenging situations and ethical  dilemmas faced by health and social professionals of all levels who provide care for people with dementia in care homes and hospital settings. It contains short stories based on typical situations which professional carers might encounter, along with exercises and appendices to encourage and facilitate ethical reflection, structured  guidance on how to tackle ethically challenging situations and commentaries from experts in the field of ethics as well as professional care. The publication should ideally be used in the context of professional care training (e.g. with moderated group discussions, professional guidance and role playing) and adapted to the different levels of education and experience of the readers. It doesn't provide ready-made answers but hopefully, in the context of ongoing professional training, it will contribute towards empowering and motivating health and social care professionals to provide ethical care, and tackling ethically challenging situations with more confidence, thereby contributing to the wellbeing of their clients, colleagues and themselves.
Genetically determined hypometabolism in Alzheimer's disease and midlife risk factors for cognitive impairment
Dementia : support for family and friends
Family caregivers of persons with Alzheimer's disease : focusing on the sense of coherence and adaptation to caregiving : an ALSOVA follow-up study
The interplay of cardiovascular burden with cognition and mortality
Smoking, pulmonary and heart diseases and the risk of cognitive impairment and dementia : an epidemiological approach
Subjective memory complaints and their association with neuropsychological performance in older adults
Edelleen Alice = Still Alice : /written for the screen and directed by Richard Glatzer and Wash Westmoreland
A life without you
Anna Forster is 38 years old and has started to suffer from the early stages of Alzheimer's. She knows that her family is doing what they believe to be best when they take her to an assisted living facility - but best can still hurt. What she also knows is that there's just one other resident her age at the facility - Luke. As her disease steals more and more of her memory, Anna fights to hold on to all that's left. What remains are her feelings for Luke. Before long the pair fall in love, despite the forces that are set against them. But when a tragic incident occurs, Luke and Anna's families decide to separate them. There is one person at the facility who can help the pair, but only if she's willing to risk everything for them.
A Good senior life with dual sensory loss
Personalisation and dementia : a guide for person-centred practice
Broadening the dementia debate : towards social citizenship
Art and culture - keys for better brain health : developing service models with a citizen-centred approach
This book employs a philosophical approach to the new wounded (brain lesion patients) to stage a confrontation between psychoanalysis and contemporary neurobiology, focused on the issue of trauma and psychic wounds. It thereby reevaluates the brain as an organ that is not separated from psychic life but rather at its center. The new wounded suffer from psychic wounds that traditional psychoanalysis, with its emphasis on the psyche's need to integrate events into its own history, cannot understand or cure. They are victims of various cerebral lesions or attacks, including degenerative brain diseases such as Parkinson's and Alzheimer's. Changes caused by cerebral lesions frequently manifest themselves as an unprecedented metamorphosis in the patient's identity. A person with Alzheimer's disease, for example, is not--or not only--someone who has changed or been modified but rather a subject who has become someone else. The behavior of subjects who are victims of sociopolitical traumas, such as abuse, war, terrorist attacks, or sexual assaults, displays striking resemblances to that of subjects who have suffered brain damage. Thus today the border separating organic trauma and sociopolitical trauma is increasingly porous. Effacing the limits that separate neurobiology from sociopathy, brain damage tends also to blur the boundaries between history and nature. At the same time, it reveals that political oppression today assumes the guise of a traumatic blow stripped of all justification. We are thus dealing with a strange mixture of nature and politics, in which politics takes on the appearance of nature, and nature disappears in order to assume the mask of politics.
Lovely old lion
The wilderness
Being old in our society : health, functional status, and effects of research
NMR metabolomics techniques and mathematical tools as an aid in neurological diagnosis
Really and truly : a story about dementia
Birsieka "The Forgotten" : educative material about care of patients with alzheimer's desease to Nepali nursing students
Connor's brain
The diagnostic accuracy of the incidental memory modification of the Boston Naming Test (memo-BNT) in differentiating between normal ageing and Alzheimer's disease
A sensitive, direct and highly accessible insight into the complexities and challenges that a diagnosis of dementia presents. Contributors represent academics, practicing nurses, aged care professionals and family advocates.
Slow dancing with a stranger : lost and found in the age of Alzheimer's
Genetics of inherited small vessel diseases : in search of a novel small vessel disease and mofifiers of the clinical course of CADASIL
Living with Alzheimer's disease and related dementias : a manual of resources, references and information
Dementia care nursing : promoting well-being in people with dementia and their families
Mapping the mind
Brain atrophy in mild cognitive impairment : MRI volumetric and voxel-based method study
The person with Alzheimer's disease : pathways to understanding the experience
Managing life with a memory disorder:the mutual processes of those with memory disorders and their family caregivers following a diagnosis
CADASIL : molecular studies on the most common hereditary vascular dementing disorder
Outdoor environments for people with dementia
Turn of mind
Caregiving in Alzheimer's and other dementias
Clinical neuropsychology : a pocket handbook for assessment
Social and behavioural  sciences for nurses : an integrated approach
Restorative care nursing for older adults : a guide for all care settings
Resting-state functional MRI in behavioral variant of frontotemporal dementia
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration (FTLD) is the second most common neurodegenerative disease leading to early-onset dementia with an estimated worldwide prevalence of 10 to 30 cases per 100000 individuals in the age group of 46 to 65 years. Behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia (bvFTD) is the most common FTLD subtype. It is characterized by a progressive deterioration of behavior and personality as well as executive dysfunction. In Finland, almost 50 % of familial FTLD cases are attributable to the C9ORF72 mutation.bvFTD is associated with a characteristic pattern of brain atrophy detectable in structural MRI. However, these changes are typically not visible in the early stages of the disease. Resting-state functional MRI (RS-fMRI) is being increasingly used to evaluate changes in functional connectivity within neuronal networks in the brain but only a few RS-fMRI investigations of bvFTD patients have been published with inconsistent results.The object of this thesis was to investigate functional connectivity changes detected in the salience (SLN) and default mode networks (DMN) in bvFTD. Another aim was to clarify the role of other cognitive resting-state networks in this disease.A cohort of 26 bvFTD patients was studied, with 8 of these patients carrying the C9ORF72 expansion. Connectivity changes were detected in multiple clinically relevant cognitive networks. Decreased functional connectivity was observed in the SLN, which is associated with guiding of behavior. Increased activity was present in the DMN and the dorsal attention network (DAN). In C9ORF72 associated bvFTD, there was an abnormal linkage detected between the DMN and the thalamus.Currently, fMRI is generally used as a research tool and in a group setting. Different study methods have been used in the literature and also in the studies of this thesis, the analysis procedures differed to some extent. The variety of analysis methods may explain the heterogeneity in fMRI findings in bvFTD patients. There is a need for standardization of the fMRI methodology, larger study groups and also in the future the methodology should be improved so that single patient analysis would provide results to allow a confident diagnosis of this disease.
Montessori-based activities for persons with dementia. Volume 1
The Alzheimer's family : helping caregivers cope
Determinants of cognitive impairment in old age and their genetic architecture
Verbal memory in newly diagnosed partial epilepsy : a neuropsychological study
Guidelines for library services to persons with dementia
Connor began his second life at the age of fifteen. He started it with a thirty-mile-an-hour brain. Connor's first life ended when a virus in his brain stripped him of almost everything - his memory, language and a sense of time. Now Connor lives in a permanent present that he doesn't understand. The 'new' Connor doesn't recognise or remember his parents, his brother, his friends - or his girlfriend Hattie. New-Connor can't remember the old Connor, but there are people who can. People who have reasons to keep him quiet - or to hurt him. Because old-Connor had a dark past.
Dementia, culture and ethnicity : issues for all
Why isn't my brain working? : a revolutionary understanding of brain decline and effective strategies to recover your brain's health
Art for Empowerment : One-on-one art sessions with dementia patients
Narrating, doing, experiencing : Nordic folkloristic perspectives
PET and MR imaging in Parkinson's disease patients with cognitive impairment : a study of dopaminergic dysfunction, amyloid deposition, cortical hypometabolism and brain atrophy
CERAD-neuropsychological battery in screening mild Alzheimer's disease
The new wounded : from neurosis to brain damage
Dementia beyond disease : enhancing well-being
Are the Keys in the Freezer : an Advocates Guide for Alzheimer's and other Dementias
Grace and Mary
Clinical management of memory problems
Disease state index and neuroimaging in frontotemporal dementia, Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment
Sheldon short guide to memory problems
Memory books and other graphic cuing systems : practical communication and memory aids for adults with dementia
Creative approaches in dementia care
The spectrum of the phenotypes in the C9ORF72 expansion carriers : insights at the interface between neurology and psychiatry
Dementia for dummies
Memory rehabilitation : integrating theory and practice
Communication issues in the palliative care of patients with end-stage dementia : a participatory action research study
Robot and Frank
Lost in space : architecture and dementia
Ethical dilemmas faced by health and social care professionals providing dementia care in care homes and hospital settings : a guide for use in the context of ongoing professional care training
Molecular characterization of ubiquilin in autophagy following neuronal stress
Understanding Alzheimer's Disease and Other Dementias
Handbook of Alzheimer's disease and other dementias
Cosmos and society in Oceania
Mental health and later life : delivering an holistic model for practice
Evidence-based dementia practice
The effects of midlife diet on late-life cognition : an epidemiological approach
Living with dementia : a practical guide for families and personal carers
The purpose of this thesis was to produce applicable teaching material about care of Alzheimer patients in the cultural context of Nepal to Nepali nursing students. The aim was to promote the students' understanding of elderly people suffering with Alzheimer's disease (AD) and to help them to provide more individual, specialized and holistic care to the patients and support to the families. The thesis clarifies the concept of Alzheimer's disease and explores ways to treat a demented patient considering the cultural context of Nepal. Characteristics of quality educational material are also defined. The need for this project arouse from discovering the fact that nursing schools in Nepal lack entirely geriatric nursing in their curriculum causing most of the nursing students to be totally ignorant about dementia. The population in Southern Asia is ageing in an increasing rate which induces the incidence of dementia also in Nepal. As the disease progresses the patients with Alzheimer's disease require increasing assistance in every-day activities. Therefore it is important for the relations and carers to have sufficient knowledge about the disease to be able to offer requisite care and support to the patients. The theoretical part of this thesis reflects on the existing literature on quality care of Alzheimer's disease patients and cultural nursing and is the basis of the final product which is in form of a compact booklet. The booklet clarifies with simplified terms the basics of the disease; the nature of Alzheimer's disease, the risk factors, the signs and symptoms and most importantly the care and support of the patient with dementia. The thesis was jointly planned and implemented in cooperation with the leaders of Lalitpur Nursing Campus (LNC) in Nepal and the Alzheimer's Association Nepal (AAN). Further research needs to be executed in Nepal in the area of the prevalence of Alzheimer's disease and the cultural aspects influencing the care of AD patients.
