http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22067 marketable mushrooms
marketable mushrooms
Wild edible fungi : a global overview of their use and importance to people
There is clear evidence that higher quality produce fetches higher prices and simple post-harvest management practices can improve the quality of produce and increase farm income. In this regard, farmers can benefit greatly from advice and training in post-harvest management to maintain quality and add value to produce. This manual provides guidance on post-harvest management of food grains at the farm. It aims to guide extension workers on how to advise farmers in maintaining and adding value to the quality of their stored produce--Publisher's description.
Ten years of inquiries on the berry and mushroom yields in Finland, 1977-1986
On-farm post-harvest management of food grains : a manual for extension workers with special reference to Africa
Matsutake is the most valuable mushroom in the world—and a weed that grows in human-disturbed forests across the northern hemisphere. Through its ability to nurture trees, matsutake helps forests to grow in daunting places. It is also an edible delicacy in Japan, where it sometimes commands astronomical prices. In all its contradictions, matsutake offers insights into areas far beyond just mushrooms and addresses a crucial question: what manages to live in the ruins we have made? A tale of diversity within our damaged landscapes, The Mushroom at the End of the World follows one of the strangest commodity chains of our times to explore the unexpected corners of capitalism. Here, we witness the varied and peculiar worlds of matsutake commerce: the worlds of Japanese gourmets, capitalist traders, Hmong jungle fighters, industrial forests, Yi Chinese goat herders, Finnish nature guides, and more. These companions also lead us into fungal ecologies and forest histories to better understand the promise of cohabitation in a time of massive human destruction. By investigating one of the world's most sought-after fungi, The Mushroom at the End of the World presents an original examination into the relation between capitalist destruction and collaborative survival within multispecies landscapes, the prerequisite for continuing life on earth.
The mushroom at the end of the world : on the possibility of life in capitalist ruins
Proceedings of the Fifth International Strawberry Symposium : Coulum Beach, Queensland, Australia, September 5-10, 2004
Proceedings of the International Conference on Postharvest Pest and Disease Management in Exporting Horticultural Crops : PPDM2012 : Bangkok, Thailand, February 21-24, 2012
