http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22021 cross-border cooperation
cross-border cooperation
Global surveillance and policing : borders, security, identity
The development of cross-border economic relations
The power of translocal cultural heritage in the Polish-Ukrainian borderland
Practical guide to cross-border cooperation
What is Europe?
Perceptions of cross-border co-operation among administrative authorities in Petrozavodsk
Police and justice co-operation and the new European borders
This book looks both backward and forward with regard to the European Union's political strategies towards its neighbouring countries. By bringing together the perspectives of critical geopolitics, policy studies and border studies, it presents a comprehensive review of the European Neighbourhood Policy and how it impacts the ongoing construction of the EU's external frontiers. Is the EU committed to promoting integration in a 'wider' European space, or is a "fortress Europe" emerging where the strengthening of internal cohesion is coupled with the militarisation of its external borders? The book aims to problematize this question by showing how the EU's external policies are based on a mixture of openness and closure, inclusion and exclusion, cooperation and securitisation. The European Neighbourhood Policy is a controversial strategy where regionalization and bordering, homogenisations and differentiations, centrifugal and centripetal forces proceed side-by-side, in an explicit attempt to construct a selective, mobile and fragmented border. A specific focus is devoted to the diversity of geo-strategies the EU is pursuing in its neighbouring countries and regions, macro-regional strategies and cross-border cooperation initiatives as new scales of cooperation, and the role of other global players.
Transboundary symbiosis over the Danube. 2, Road to a multidimensional ethnic symbiosis in the Mid-Danube region
Interreg II : North Calotte region 1995-1999
Abstract.
Northern border regions on focus
Tearing down the curtain, opening the gates : Northern boundaries in change
The flexible frontier : change and continuity in Finnish-Russian relations
Making bridges, removing barriers : cross-border cooperation, regionalization and identity at the Finnish-Swedish border
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Transborder governance of forests, rivers, and seas
Cross-border entrepreneurship and economic development in Europe's border regions
According to the latest reports of United Nations, the biggest challenge facing the world at the  present and in the next decades is water scarcity. Trans-boundary water resources from history to  present either lead to cooperation or to confrontation and conflicts.  For the last six decades, it has not been possible to solve the Arab-Israeli conflict, and the water  issue has been raised as one of the keys for solving the conflict or having a successful discussion.  The history of the water conflict in the Middle East began by the foundation of the Israeli state in  1948. Since that time Israelis have tried to secure the state water supplies using different water  resources in the area. The rapidly growth of the driving forces (Nexus) has become a source of  numerous conflicts with their neighbours.  The whole area has suffered from water shortage and unsuccessful managing of the water  resources. Palestinians, Israelis, Jordanians, Syrians and Lebanese are sharing the major part of  their water resources, the Jordan River and the aquifer of the West Bank and Garza Strip being  the main sources of water resources for Israelis and for the Palestinians. Dividing the land will  not be a solution to water gaps. It is likely to make the situation even worse.  Several methods and tools have been developed worldwide to assist the riparians to manage their  own shared water resources, part of which are technical and other social -political methods.  Scarcity index is one technical numerical method developed to assist the parties to allocate the  shared water resources and to assist on recovering the water gaps. Based on the mentioned  methods numerous agreements have been made and discussions have been held between the  riparians to achieve peace and co-operation. Some of them have been implemented, the other  remain open due to the political changes in the area.
Cross-border resource management
The regime for the exploitation of transboundary marine fisheries resources : the United Nations Law of the Sea Convention Cooperation between states
Challenged borderlands : transcending political and cultural boundaries
The wall around the West : state borders and immigration controls in North America and Europe
On the Boundary : About humans at the end of territory
Action plan against illegal immigration 2012-2015
The borderless North : publication of the Fourth Northern Research Forum
Cross-border governance in the European Union
Crossing the border : boundary relations in a changing Europe
Catchment forest management in the East Usambara mountains
Tourism and change in northern geopraphies : special issue
Borders and border regions in Europe and North America
The cross-border cooperation in the Euroregion Bug at the time of the European Union enlargement
Cross-Border Cooperation and interaction between Southeast Finland and its Neighbouring Region of Leningrad Oblast' and St. Petersburg
Co-operation as a tool for border area development : two cases from the European North
Regional institutional structures and instruments of cross-border co-operation on the external border of the EU : Background report of the Euregios and new neighbourhood project Regbour
The borderless North : proceedings of the Fourth Northern Research Forum
Evolving cross-border urban networks : case studies in the Baltic Sea area
Cross-border networking - case Bothnian Arc
Nordic region-building in a European perspective
Digital borders and real rights : effective remedies for third-country nationals in the Schengen Information System
Neighbourhood policy and the construction of the European external borders
Pasvik water quality report : environmental monitoring programme in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian border area
State and society in small-town Russia : a feminist-ethnographic inquiry into the boundaries of society in the Finnish-Russian borderland
Transboundary water management : principles and practice
Cultures of border control : Schengen and the evolution of European frontiers
The development of nature tourism in the border regions of Finland and Russia
Siberia and the Russian Far East in the 21st century : partners in the "Community of Asia" : crossroads in Northeast Asia
Geopolitics of European Union enlargement : the fortress empire
Europe in the world : EU geopolitics and the making of European space
New civic neighborhood : cross-border cooperation and civic society engagement at the Finnish-Russian border
Globalization and borders : cultural, political and regional aspects of the Finnish and Russian borders
Euregio Karelia and the future of cross-border co-operation
The EU-Russia borderland : new contexts for regional co-operation
MACICO : multi-agency cooperation in cross-border operations : samples of evidence series : volume 4
Bridging national borders in North America : transnational and comparative histories
Cross-border Cooperation in Barents Tourism: Insights from Finnish Lapland
Water Gaps Connecting Neighbours from Conflict to Co-operation by Applying Scarcity Index
The recent crises in global economy and in European integration have caused a considerable revival of interest in the Nordic Welfare Model. However, less attention has been given to the ways in which the nations that form Scandinavia or 'Norden' are connected through various forms of inter- and transnational cooperation. With contributions from a team of experts in the field, this volume analyses Nordic cooperation in a European perspective and argues that this special form of transnational cooperation has been crucial in the development of the Nordic Welfare Model. In addition, it also contends that the Nordic model of transnational cooperation is a relevant case study when pondering the present problems of European integration. This text will be of key interest to students, researchers and policy makers studying the Nordic Model and transnational cooperation and more generally to those interested in European studies, Scandinavian studies, welfare studies, international relations and regional integration.
Yrittäjyyttä yli rajan = Predprinimatel'stvo čerez granicu = "Twin towns and entrepreneurship across the border"
Curtains of iron and gold : reconstructing borders and scales of interaction
Cooperation on the frontier watercourses during thirty years
"What is Europe? Where does it begin and end? Who is a European? These questions have long been debated but never more so than in the early 21st century. Anna Triandafyllidou and Ruby Gropas show that there can be no single definition of Europe but that a lot can be learned from addressing its diverse meanings"--
Social work in the context of Imatra-Svetogorsk twin city
Perceptions toward the opening of the Finnish-Russian border
Old and new borderlines/frontiers/margins : East-Central European Regional Seminar, Gyula, 9-12 October, 2008
Cross-border citizen scientists : a model for science education in border areas
Cross-border structures and co-operation on the Finnish-Russian and German-Czech borders : a comparative perspective
Border games : policing the U.S.-Mexico divide
EU-Russian border security : challenges, (mis)perceptions, and responses
Victim without a face
Perpetual borders : German-Polish cross-border contacts in the Szczecin area
Cross-border co-operation in the European North : the case of the cross-border agency Provincia Bothniensis
Borders of the mind : perceptions of the border and the other side in the San Diego-Tijuana region
Cross-border cooperation structures in Europe : learning from the past, looking to the future
Bordering with culture(s) : Europeanization and cultural agency at the external border of the European Union
Border/land sustainability : communities at the external border of the European Union
Interreg II : Barents region 1995-1999
Putting new neighbourhood into practice : a handbook for regional actors of CBC
The patterns of consumption in visa-free zones at Russia's western borders
Schengen investigated : a comparative interpretation of the Schengen provisions on international police cooperation in the light of the European Convention on Human Rights
NGP yearbook 2014 : East meets North
Karelia - a cross-border region? : The EU and cross-border region-building on the Finnish-Russian border
Immigration policy and security : U.S., European and common wealth perspectives
Transparency and proportionality in the Schengen information system and border control co-operation
Water Gaps Connecting Neighbours from Conflict to  Co-operation by Applying Scarcity Index
Polish eastern border : past and present problems
Archaeological studies in the Kuusamo region
Borders of the European Union : strategies of crossing and resistance = Frontières de l'Union européenne : franchissements et résistances
De-bordering, re-bordering and symbols on the European boundaries
Cooperation between Public Protection and Disaster Relief actors across a border is a difficult task today, because the teams on both sides of the border cannot communicate with each other. One of the reasons is that their communication systems cannot be linked easily. Other challenges are related with heterogeneous operational procedures, heterogeneous services and the lack of trust between cooperating parties. The MACICO project presents a concept for interworking of security organizations in their daily activity that guarantees communications reliability, integrity and security.
New borders for a changing Europe : cross-border cooperation and governance
Strong borders, secure nation : cooperation and conflict in China's territorial disputes
State border reflection by border region population of V4 states
Interfaces, Standards and Code lists in Data communication between Authorities : Helsinki–St. Petersburg Smart Transport Corridor
Borders, regions, and people
Nordic cooperation : a European region in transition
Finlândiâ i Rossiâ : obrazy obŝego prošlogo : sbornik naučnyh statej = Finland and Russia : images of the shared past
Tearing down the curtain, opening the gates : northern boundaries in change
