http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2206 gums
gums
Marine litter in the Baltic Sea Region : assessment of the marine litter problem in  the Baltic region and priorities for response
Water safety and water infrastructure security
Created substrates do not fully mimic natural substrates in restoration: the occurrence of polypores on spruce logs
Peat extraction runoff water purification in treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatlands in a cold climate
Proceedings of the Conference on Policy Instruments for Safeguarding Forest Biodiversity - Legal and Economic Viewpoints : the Fifth International BIOECON Conference 15th-16th January 2004, House of Estates, Helsinki
Buffer Zone Plans for Lake Nakuru National Park and for Njoro River in Kenya
Determinants of self-assessed gingival health among adolescents
Does scale matter? : cost-effectiveness of agricultural nutrient abatement when target level varies
Combining environmentalism, developmentalismi and NGOs : NGO driven participatory forest management and forest certification in southeastern Tanzania
Association between periodontal and systemic inflammation:a study of pro- and anti-inflammatory mediators
Effects of dental trauma on pulpal and periodontal nerve morphology
Modelling phytoplankton in boreal lakes
Managing erosion, sediment transport and water quality in drained peatland catchments
The width of radiologically-defined attached gingiva over deciduous teeth
Development Plan of Nature Centre Concept in Yyteri, Pori. Benefiting the Baltic Sea Challenge by a Registered Trademark.
This study analyzes the economic feasibility of gypsum amendment as a means to reduce particulate and dissolved phosphorus loads from arable areas. To this end, an optimization model is developed that includes gypsum amendment as well as matching phosphorus fertilization to crop need and the level of soil phosphorus reserves as phosphorus load mitigation measures, with soil phosphorus reserves measured by soil test phosphorus (STP). The optimal extent of gypsum amendment is then determined simultaneously with optimal fertilization use as a function of field STP level. The results indicate that whether or not gypsum amendment is economically feasible depends on field erosion susceptibility and STP level. When accounting for the costs and benefits to the society on the whole, gypsum treatment suits best to mitigation of phosphorus losses from soils with excessively high phosphorus reserves; once a threshold STP level is reached, gypsum amendment is optimally given up. This threshold level depends on field slope and on society's willingness to pay for water quality.
A relation between historical forest use and current dead woody material in a boreal protected old-growth forest in Finland
Sustainable use and management of natural resources
Meri Valvoo & Pallomeri : ethico-aesthetic interventions in public space
Environmental impact assessment methodologies
Summary: Impacts on water quality of alternative pollution control measures in the Lohja region.
Addressing the demand for and supply of ecosystem services in agriculture through market-based and target-based policy measures
Modelling of vegetative filter strips in catchment scale erosin control
More studies on the water exchange and the nutrients of the gulf of Riga
Nutrient loading of Lake Kankaistenjärvi
Diffuse load abatement with biodiversity co-benefits : the optimal rotation age and buffer zone size
Prospects for cost-efficient water protection in the Baltic Sea
The effects of gypsum on the transfer of phosphorus and other nutrients through clay soil monolithss
Counterfactual approach for assessing agri-environmental policy : theory with an application to Finnish water protection policy
This compendium is produced for the master level course in the UZWATER project. It consists of some newly written material as well as previously published texts extracted from freely available books, reports and textbooks on the Internet, dominated by publications from the Baltic University Programme. The sources used for each chapter is listed at the end of each chapter. The UZWATER project is an EU TEMPUS project. It includes 8 universities in Uzbekistan and deals with university education for sustainable water managment in Uzbekistan. Uppsala University and BUP is one of the EU partners in the project. Lead partner is Kaunas University of Technology.  he main objective of the project is to introduce a Master level study program  in environmental science and sustainable development with focus on water management in eight Uzbekistan universities. The curriculum of Master Programme includes  Environmental Science, Sustainable Development and Water Management. The Sustainable Development unit will include the basic methods used in Sustainability Science, in particular introduce systems thinking and systems analysis, resource flows and resource management and a series of practical tools for good resource management, such as recycling, energy efficiency, etc.
Outline of the Bonus-169 Joint Baltic Sea Research Programme : strategic development 2010-2011 & implementation 2012-2016
Cost effective water protection in the Gulf of Finland : focus on St. Petersburg
Radiographic periodontal findings in an elderly Finnish population
Tasks of forest biodiversity management and monitoring deriving from international agreements
Getting ready! : a study of national governance structures for REDD+
Horseradish peroxidase - iodide system : a potential antibacterial agent against periodontal pathogens in human saliva
Our objective was to incorporate the effects of gypsum on phosphorus (P) losses into the field-scale ICECREAM model and to simulate the treatment of 93 ha of clayey soil with gypsum in a catchment located in southern Finland. In addition to the gypsum effects, a macropore flow description was added to ICECREAM. First, a sensitivity analysis was performed for the new macropore parameters, retrieved from a literature survey. After this, the model was calibrated for a reference period by setting of the macropore parameters to correspond to the P losses observed in the catchment experiment. Next, the effect of gypsum was added to the model in line with laboratory and field experiments that suggested decreased P losses and changed hydraulic properties of the soil. Finally, the modified model was verified for four seasons after the gypsum amendment in the catchment experiment. The model was able to simulate the P losses in three out of the four seasons. According to the simulations, gypsum reduced total P losses by 44%. Although the effect of gypsum on P and erosion is a complex process, our relatively simple modifications to the ICECREAM model described the impact with reasonable accuracy. However, to increase confidence in the performance of the model, it should be tested under other environmental conditions.
Anthropogenic changes in Finnish lakes during the past 150 years inferred from benthic invertebrates and their sedimentary remains
Gypsum amendment of soils reduces phosphorus losses in an agricultural catchment
The natural northern European boreal forests : unifying the concepts, terminologies, and their application
Biological treatment of car wash waste waters : a reduction survey
Forest owners' attitudes to and preferences for voluntary conservation : preliminary results of a survey
Economic impacts on the forest sector of increasing forest biodiversity conservation in Finland
Aquatic Invasions : International Journal of Research on Biological Invasions in Aquatic Ecosystems
Visitor impacts on national parks : the Yosemite ecological impact study
Understanding periodontal diseases
Studies on immunologic and inflammatory factors in the saliva and gingiva in patients with asthma
Pasvik Water Quality until 2013 : Environmental Monitoring Programme in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian Border Area
Big pocket guide to using social marketing for behaviour change
We applied gypsum (CaSO4×2 H2O) amendments to 100 m² plots within two clay-textured fields, one under shallow cultivation to 10 cm depth and the other ploughed to 20 cm depth. Unamended plots and plots subjected to a CaCO3 (finely ground limestone) application served as controls. Separate soil monoliths (30 cm in diameter, 40 cm in depth) were collected for laboratory rainfall simulations from all plots 7, 19 and 31 months after the initial application of the amendments. Water passed through the monoliths during these simulations was analysed for turbidity, dissolved and particulate phosphorus (DRP and PP), nitrogen species, dissolved organic carbon (DOC), as well as dissolved Ca²⁺, Mg²⁺, K⁺ and S, pH, and electrical conductivity (EC). Over the three-year monitoring period, gypsum amended soils exhibited substantial decreases in turbidity (45%), PP (70%), DRP (50%) and DOC (35%) relative to control samples. The effects gradually decreased with time, and after 31 months gypsum effects on P species were detectible, but no longer statistically significant. We consider gypsum amendments as a potential tool for slowing P loss from agricultural areas with high P loss potential.
Active Wetlands : the use of chemical amendments to intercept phosphate runoffs in agricultural catchments : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg IVA project
Abstract: Economic Aspects of Baltic Sea Protection.
Global hydrology : processes, resources and environmental management
Rehabilitation and restoration of degraded forests
Oral self-care among Finnish adolescents : self-reporting and self-assessment of gingival health and its determinants
Spatial variation of benthic macroinvertebrate biodiversity in boreal streams : biogeographic context and conservation implications
Towards Baltic Sea Citizenship : experiences in public involment
Retention performance and hydraulic design of constructed wetlands treating runoff waters from arable land
Nails Forever : 50 nail art designs from wah nails London
Summary.
An incomplete revenge : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Causes of response uncertainty and its implications for WTP estimation in choice experiment
Forests in landscapes : ecosystem approaches to sustainability
Wilderness economics and policy
The dento-epithelial junction : epithelial cell adhesion and production of extracellular matrix molecules
Operational standards and guidelines for biodiversity management in tropical and subtropical forest plantations : how widely do they cover an ecological framework?
Mediterranean forests
Inflammatory cells and mitotic activity of keratinocytes in gingival overgrowth induced by immunosuppressive- and nifedipine medication
Finland's National Forest Programme 2010 : follow-up report 2005-2006
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the Levantine Middle East
Vitamin D and periodontal infection
Environmental drivers of lake profundal macroinvertebrate community variation : implications for bioassessment
Modern dairy production is inevitably associated with impacts to the environment and the challenge for the industry today is to increase production to meet growing global demand while minimising emissions to the environment. Negative environmental impacts include gaseous emissions to the atmosphere, of ammonia from livestock manure and fertiliser use, of methane from enteric fermentation and manure management, and of nitrous oxide from nitrogen applications to soils and from manure management. Emissions to water include nitrate, ammonium, phosphorus, sediment, pathogens and organic matter, deriving from nutrient applications to forage crops and/or the management of grazing livestock. This paper reviews the sources and impacts of such emissions in the context of a forage-based dairy farm and considers a number of potential mitigation strategies, giving some examples using the farm-scale model SIMSDAIRY. Most of the mitigation measures discussed are associated with systemic improvements in the efficiency of production in dairy systems. Important examples of mitigations include: improvements to dairy herd fertility, that can reduce methane and ammonia emissions by up to 24 and 17%, respectively; diet modification such as the use of high sugar grasses for grazing, which are associated with reductions in cattle N excretion of up to 20% (and therefore lower N losses to the environment) and potentially lower methane emissions, or reducing the crude protein content of the dairy cow diet through use of maize silage to reduce N excretion and methane emissions; the use of nitrification inhibitors with fertiliser and slurry applications to reduce nitrous oxide emissions and nitrate leaching by up to 50%. Much can also be achieved through attention to the quantity, timing and method of application of nutrients to forage crops and utilising advances made through genetic improvements.
More from agriculture : testing the concept and practise of locally driven environmental initiatives
Impact assessment of the soil and water conservation project: Participatory Impact Assessment
Periodontal health related to plasma ascorbic acid
Forest owners' decision support in voluntary biodiversity-protection projects
We estimated the changes in the losses of particulate and dissolved phosphorus (P) after treating 93 ha of agricultural  fields with gypsum (4 t ha -1) in a 245 ha catchment in southern Finland. Runoff was monitored using online  sensors and manual sampling during one high-flow period before and six periods after the gypsum amendment.  Turbidity recorded by the sensors correlated with particulate P analysed in the laboratory, which enabled  the evaluation of changes in particulate P from the online data. Using a covariance model, gypsum amendment  was estimated to have reduced the loss of particulate P by 64%. The loss of dissolved reactive P appeared to decrease  by one third, but was estimated with less precision. No such changes were found during the same period  in a nearby "reference" catchment, where gypsum was not used. Gypsum did not affect soil test values for P, K, Mg  or Ca, but it did increase the ionic strength and soil test SO₄. In clayey catchments discharging into the sea, gypsum  may provide an efficient means to reduce P losses from field cultivation. The duration of the gypsum effect and  impact of SO₄ associated with gypsum amendment on the ecology of rivers and lakes has yet to be determined.
Simulated effects of gypsum amendment on phosphorus losses from agricultural soils
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Forest conservation
Spontaneous movements of hands in gradients of weak VHF electromagnetic fields
Gypsum amendment as a means to reduce agricultural phosphorus loading : an economic appraisal
The Border
Genetic structure of Tetraclinis articulata, an endangered conifer of the western Mediterranean basin
The characterization of morphology, cell growth, proteoglycan expression and cell-matrix interactions of human periodontal granulation-tissue fibroblasts
Modeling, assessments and cost-effectiveness analysis of constructed wetlands and active methods for the treatment of runoff from agricultural areas : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg
Long-term nutrient load management and lake restoration : case of Säkylän Pyhäjärvi (SW Finland)
Forest owners' acceptance of incentive based policy instruments in forest biodiversity conservation : a choice experiment based approach
Potential and limitations of phosphate retention media in water protection : a process-based review of laboratory and field-scale tests
The continuous eruption of the teeth in adult man and its influence on the width of anatomical attached gingiva
Abstract.
Water quality monitoring in the former Soviet Union and the Russian Federation : assessment of analytical methods
Agricultural phosphorus and water quality : sources, transport and management
The European Community and marine environmental protection in the international law of the sea : implementing global obligations at the regional level
Characterization of cytokines, matrix metalloproteinases and toll-like receptors in human periodontal tissue destruction
The application of phosphorus (P)-sorbing materials offers a possible solution for treating municipal wastewater  and agricultural runoff. In this paper we discuss P retention and release mechanisms, and review studies on the P  retention of different materials and their use as reactive media in filter beds. The main mechanisms for P retention  are sorption on metal (mostly Fe or Al) hydroxide surfaces and, in alkaline conditions, the formation of Ca-P  precipitates. The retention of P is strongly affected by the chemical composition of a material, its particle size and  pH-related effects on sorption and precipitation both during testing and in practical operation. Laboratory tests  are sensitive to solution chemistry (pH, alkalinity, ionic strength and composition, P concentration) and affected by  material-to-solution ratio, contact time and agitation. Moreover, due to deviations from realistic field conditions,  laboratory tests may produce imprecise estimates of the retention capacity and retention kinetics. In particular,  materials that contain soluble substances (e.g., CaO) that elevate the pH of the ambient solution to high levels may  in batch tests suggest a high capacity for P retention, but will most probably show much lower retention in field  settings. On the other hand, materials containing metal oxides also retain P via slow reactions, and their retention  capacity may be underestimated in short equilibrations. Appropriate laboratory test procedures will depend  on their intended applications and material properties. Long-term field-scale tests are few in number, but some of  them have shown promising results. Field-scale tests have, however, highlighted the design of the filters as a critical  factor in their efficiency.
Verneplan for vassdrag / The Norwegian protection plan for river systems
The Baltic environment, food and health : from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
BalticSeaNow.info : experiences in public involvement
Pain-evoked alterations on gingival blood flow and gingival crevicular fluid (GCF) neuropeptide SP and collagenase-2 (MMP-8) levels
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
Risk factors of gingival injuries in plaque removal by toothbrushing
Governance of marine protected areas in the least-developed countries : case studies from West-Africa
Improving the dewatering of marine sediment using a combination of geotextile and electrokinetic treatment
Experience with a carbon dioxide laser for removal of benign oral soft-tissue lesions
Guidlines for mitigating the adverse effects of acid soils in Finland until 2020.
Opportunities for reducing environmental emissions from forage-based dairy farms
Nordic Water 2012 : XXVII Nordic Hydrological Conference : abstracts : catchment restoration and water protection
