http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22051 collection databases
collection databases
No innocent deposits : forming archives by rethinking appraisal
Subject access to a multilingual museum database : a step-by-step approach to the digitization process
Document image retrieval with improvements in database quality
Short course in accessing information : Satakunta Polytechnic Library
Image database retrieval methods based on feature histograms
Sami literature on the world wide web : a joint project between the libraries of Northern Scandinavia and the Barents region
Managing multimedia collections : 23rd Library Systems Seminar, National and University Library, Ljubljana Bled, 21-23 April 1999
Vyhod k Baltijskomu mor청 : karty i drugie informacionnye resursy Baltijskogo mor창 i pribre탑nyh territorij : IX Me탑dunarodnyj simpozium = Access to the Baltic sea : maps and other information resources in a sea-bound area : IX International symposium
Cataloging and organizing digital resources : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
Digital imaging : a practical handbook
ENHSIN, the European Natural History Specimen Information Network : a project supported by the European Union Programme: Improving the human potential and the socio-economic knowledge base
Polish herbaria
Abstract (s. 9).
Next-gen library catalogs
Slide collection management in libraries and information units
Nordic Conference on Digital transfer of images held at VTT, Technical Research Centre, Espoo, Finland, 10-11 November 1994 : proceedings of a Conference organised by Nordinfo
Social science libraries : : interdisciplinary collections, services, networks
Library Web ecology : what you need to know as web design coordinator
Access to legal norms : proceedings : multilateral seminar Activities for the development and consolidation of democratic stability (Adacs),  Borovets (Bulgaria), 25-27 November 1998.
East and South-East Asia collections in Finnish libraries : an overview of holdings and services in 1997
Electronic resources : selection and bibliographic control
Today's Web-savvy users often bypass traditional library catalogs for more interactive, tech-friendly interfaces. Help your library stand out within the crowded landscape of information providers with Marshall Breeding's new, highly practical guide to interactive next-generation library catalogs. Learn how to give your users access to a wide selection of print and electronic content with this jargon-free, step-by-step guide. Breeding outlines the important functions and features of next-gen catalogs, briefs you on all of the available commercial and open source software, and helps you select which products are right for your library's next-gen catalog. You'll learn to lay the groundwork for practical implementation, integrate the catalog into your existing technological environment, address a multitude of common implementation issues and concerns, and assess the impact of your Catalog so you can demonstrate the change you led. There is a thorough glossary with definitions for all key terms, and as with all the Tech Set guides, material is presented in a manner that is both accessible to non-technical professionals and useful for systems librarians.
Catalogue 2.0 : the future of the library catalogue
Digital applications for cultural and heritage institutions
Library Web Ecology is a thorough reference to help professionals in Library and Information Science (LIS) to develop a sustainable, usable, and highly effective website. The book describes the entire process of developing and implementing a successful website. Topics include: managing a web team, developing a web culture, creating a strategic plan, conducting usability studies, evaluating technology trends, and marketing the website. Worksheets and examples are included to help library web professionals to prepare their web development plan. Although this book is aimed at LIS professionals, a number of concepts can easily be applied to any organization that would like to develop a more effective website. This book provides practical and realistic solutions to website problems. It suggests different strategies, giving the pros and cons, so professionals can determine what strategy is best for their library. It includes worksheets and examples.
Knowledge society in progress : evaluation of the Finnish electronic library  - Finelib
Consent practices and biomedical knowledge production in tissue economies
Acquisitions in the new information universe : core competencies and ethical practices
