http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22060 Old Norse language
Old Norse language
Summary: Death and grave.
Studies in the transmission and reception of Old Norse literature : the hyperborean muse in European culture
Shamanism in Norse myth and magic. Vol. 1
Forecasting the rain of Óðinn : referentiel ambiguity in kennings referring to POETRY
The Nine Saga Studies collected in this volume concern such diverse topics as masculinity, dreams, ghosts, and education in witchcraft. Together they form an attempt to take saga scholarship into a new direction with a strong focus on both highly modern and classical human concerns and emotions, away from the traditional emphasis on origins and authorship.
Poetic formulas in late medieval Icelandic folk poetry : : the case of  Vamb̂arljóð
Archaeological investigations at Krossnes, Flatøy 1988-1991
An introduction to Old Norse
Shamanism in Norse myth and magic. Vol. 2, Reference materials
Conference report: the 2nd meeting of the Old Norse Folklorists Network : "Encounter with the otherworld in Bárðar saga Snæfellsáss", symposium and workshop, 29th November - 1st December 2012, Tartu, Estonia
Beatus vir : studies in early English and Norse manuscripts in memory of Phillip Pulsiano
Conference report : Old Norse Folklorist Network meeting 1st - 3rd December 2011, Tartu, Estonia
The Viking trail through Rogaland
"Eddic, Skaldic, and Beyond shines light on traditional divisions of Old Norse-Icelandic poetry and awakens the reader to work that blurs these boundaries. Many of the texts and topics taken up in these enlightening essays have been difficult to categorize and have consequently been overlooked or undervalued. The boundaries between genres (Eddic and Skaldic), periods (Viking Age, medieval, early modern), or cultures (Icelandic, Scandinavian, English, Continental) may not have been as sharp in the eyes and ears of contemporary authors and audiences as they are in our own. When questions of classification are allowed to fade into the background, at least temporarily, the poetry can be appreciated on its own terms. Some of the essays in this collection present new material, while others challenge long-held assumptions. They reflect the idea that poetry with "medieval" characteristics continued to be produced in Iceland well past the fifteenth century, and even beyond the Protestant Reformation in Iceland (1550). This superb volume, rich in up-to-date scholarship, makes little-known material accessible to a wide audience"--
The Westland cauldrons in Norway
The legendary sagas : origins and development
De arkeologiske utgravninger i Gamlebyen, Oslo. Bind 5, "Mindets tomt" - "Søndre felt" : animal bones, moss-, plant-, insect- and parasite remains
Dei fyrste fara : the first footsteps : Stone Age trail through Rogaland
The legends of the saints in Old Norse-Icelandic prose
Studi anglo-norreni in onore di John S. McKinnell : "he hafad sundorgecynd"
A companion to old Norse-Icelandic literature and culture
Myth and fiction in early Norse lands
Lemmatized index to the Icelandic Homily Book : Perg. 15 4° in the Royal Library, Stockholm
Viking language. Volume 1, Learn Old Norse, runes, and Icelandic sagas
Icelandic sagas and manuscripts
The Old Norse poetic translations of Thomas Percy : a new edition and commentary
The elder Eddas of Saemund Sigfusson
Although it is commonplace in scholarship today to talk about a 'system' of kennings or 'kenning system', critical discussion has tended to take the qualification 'system' for granted and left this topic  unexplored. The present paper presents a study of extended kennings which reveals that the systemic network of kennings have different referents. It shows that kennings for MAN / WARRIOR are at the  center of this network.
Dating the sagas : reviews and revisions
Categorizing otherness in the Kings' Sagas
Bibliography of old Norse-Icelandic romances
A companion to Old Norse-Icelandic literature and culture
A concise dictionary of Old Icelandic
Illustrated Norse myths
Retrospective methods in dating post-medieval rigmarole-verses from the North Atlantic
Old Norse made new : essays on the post-medieval reception of Old Norse literature and culture
A supplement to A dictionary of Scandinavian words in the languages of Britain and Ireland
Ferocious beast (óarga dýr) between north and east
The Old Norse poetic form stikki
Displaced texts : an Old Swedish Birgittine Revelation in Copenhagen, GkS 1154 fol. and Three Sermons in Vienna, Cod. Vind. 13013
"Man is the measure of all things" : the system of kennings as a tangible object
Norse-derived vocabulary in Late Old English texts : Wulfstan's works, a case study
Old Icelandic : an introductory course
Younger Icelandic manuscripts and Old Norse studies
The structure of Old Norse Dróttkvætt poetry
"The medieval Norse-Icelandic saga is one of the most important European vernacular literary genres of the Middle Ages. This Introduction to the saga genre outlines its origins and development, its literary character, its material existence in manuscripts and printed editions, and its changing reception from the Middle Ages to the present time. Its multiple sub-genres - including family sagas, mythical-heroic sagas and sagas of knights - are described and discussed in detail, and the world of medieval Icelanders is powerfully evoked. The first general study of the Old Norse-Icelandic saga to be written in English for some decades, the Introduction is based on up-to-date scholarship and engages with current debates in the field. With suggestions for further reading, detailed information about the Icelandic literary canon, and a map of medieval Iceland, this book is aimed at students of medieval literature and assumes no prior knowledge of Scandinavian languages"
Egil the viking poet : new approaches to Egil's saga
A concordance to Eddic poetry
Conference report : the Old  Norse Folklorists Network's conference "Sagas, legends and trolls : the supernatural from early modern back to Old Norse tradition" : 12th-14th June 2014, Tartu, Estonia
Old English and its closest relatives : a survey of the earliest Germanic languages
Død og grav : gravskikk på Kvassheimfeltet, Hå i Rogaland, SV Norge = Death and grave : burial rituals of the Kvassheim cemetery, Hå in Rogaland, SW Norway
Hybrid spaces : medieval Finnmark and the archaeology of multi-room houses
Viking language. Volume 2, The old norse reader
The road to Hel : a study of the conception of the dead in old Norse literature
Early English and Norse studies
Are trolls, bears and Sámis people too? : considering the mythic ethnography of Old Norse culture
The notions of model, discourse, and semantic center as tools for the (re)construction of Old Norse religion
"Explores the blurring of boundaries between genres (skaldic and eddic), periods (Viking Age, medieval, early modern) and cultures (Icelandic, Scandinavian, English, continental) in Old Norse-Icelandic poetry"--
Writing and reading in medieval manuscript culture : the translation and transmission of the story of Elye in Old French and Old Norse literary contexts
Vikings and the Danelaw : selected papers from the proceedings of the Thirteenth Viking Congress, Nottingham and York, 21-30 August 1997
The (de)construction of mythic ethnography I : is every þurs in verse a þurs?
The syntax of Old Norse : with a survey of the inflectional morphology and a complete bibliography
Studies in Early Middle English loanwords : Norse and French influences
Usborne illustrated guide to Norse myths and legends
A journey through 1000[0] years of cultural history = Ceavccageaðgi mortensnes
Iron Age myth and materiality : an archaeology of Scandinavia, AD 400-1000
Verbal encounters : Anglo-Saxon and Old Norse studies for Roberta Frank
An Icelandic-English dictionary
Borg in Lofoten : a chieftain's farm in North Norway
Rock art : "axe and ear" : petroglyphs and other cultural remains from the Younger Bronze Age i Rogaland
Language and history in Viking age England : linguistic relations between speakers of Old Norse and Old English
The Cambridge introduction to the old Norse-Icelandic saga
Old Norse-Icelandic studies : a select bibliography
Gender, violence and the past in Edda and saga
Flesh and word : reading bodies in Old Norse-Icelandic and early Irish literature
An annotated bibliography of North American doctoral dissertations on Old Norse-Icelandic studies
Mounds of majesty : monuments and artifacts from the early Bronze Age in Rogaland
Lord and lady - bryti and deigja : some historical and etymological aspects of family, patronage and slavery in early Scandinavia and Anglo-Saxon England
Minni and Muninn : memory in Medieval Nordic culture
Specimen lexici runici and Glossarium priscae linguae Danicae : and, Glossarium priscae linguae Danicae
A handbook to Eddic poetry : myths and legends of early Scandinavia
From the Viking word-hoard : a dictionary of Scandinavian words in the languages of Britain and Ireland
Eddic, Skaldic, and beyond : poetic variety in Medieval Iceland and Norway
Conference report : Old Norse mythology in the digital age, 19th-20th October 2012, Bonn, Germany
This is the first comprehensive and accessible survey in English of Old Norse eddic poetry: a remarkable body of literature rooted in the Viking Age, which is a critical source for the study of early Scandinavian myths, poetics, culture and society. Dramatically recreating the voices of the legendary past, eddic poems distil moments of high emotion as human heroes and supernatural beings alike grapple with betrayal, loyalty, mortality and love. These poems relate the most famous deeds of gods such as Óðinn and Þórr with their adversaries the giants; they bring to life the often fraught interactions between kings, queens and heroes as well as their encounters with valkyries, elves, dragons and dwarfs. Written by leading international scholars, the chapters in this volume showcase the poetic riches of the eddic corpus, and reveal its relevance to the history of poetics, gender studies, pre-Christian religions, art history and archaeology.
Introduction : what is Nordic medieval literature?
Ships and men in the late Viking Age : the vocabulary of runic inscriptions and skaldic verse
The poetic Edda. Vol.1, Heroic poems
Words derived from Old Norse in early Middle English : studies in the vocabulary of the South-West Midland texts
Solens reise : Rogaland i europeisk bronsealder = The journey of the sun : Rogaland in the European Bronze Age
Viking Language 1: Learn Old Norse, Runes, and Icelandic Sagas (the first book in the Viking Language Series) is a new introduction to Old Norse and Icelandic. The beginner has everything in one book: Graded lessons, reading passages, vocabulary, grammar exercises, and pronunciation. A full complement of maps, runic inscriptions and culture sections explore the civilization, legends, and myths of the Vikings. The lessons follow an innovative word frequency strategy, a method that speeds learning. Because the grammar of Modern Icelandic has changed so little from Old Norse, the learner is well on the way to mastering Modern Icelandic.
Viking Language 2: The Old Norse Reader (the 2nd book in the Viking Language Series) immerses the learner in Old Norse and Icelandic. Readings include a wealth of Old Norse myths, legends, complete Icelandic sagas, poems of the Scandinavian gods, runic inscriptions. There is a large vocabulary and a full reference grammar. Selections from Old Norse and rune texts range from the doom of the gods at the final battle Ragnarok to descriptions of the dwarves' gold and the ring that inspired Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, Wagner's Ring Cycle, and a host of modern fantasy.
The use of magic in transformations, weather and entrapments by Finnar, Bjarmar and other inhabitants of the north in the fornaldarsögur (ca. 1200-1400)
Kaupang-funnene = The Kaupang Finds. Bd 3 C, Whetstones and grindstones in the settlement area, the 1956-1974 excavations
Rogaland 500-500 : Artefacts and monuments from the Early Iron Age in Rogaland
Understanding outlawry in medieval Iceland
Goddesses unknown I : Njǫrun and the sister-wife of Njǫrðr
A New Introduction to Old Norse. Part 1, Grammar
Nine saga studies : the critical interpretation of the Icelandic sagas
The Viking gods : from Snorri Sturluson'd Edda
On the case of Vambarljóð I : comments on formulaicity in the sagnakvæði
Poetry from the Kings' sagas. 1, [From mythical times to c. 1035]
Old norse word order and information structure
Anonymously written and transcribed from oral tales, the family sagas of Iceland are notoriously difficult texts to date. In this book, a host of contributors address the methodological problems inherent in dating the sagas, and in the process they offer insightful discussions of the saga form itself. Focusing on the several new written genres that developed in Iceland in the thirteenth century, they locate the dynamic position of the sagas at the intersection of oral and written traditions. In doing so, they highlight the crucial problems of philological research and the importance of accuracy in understanding literary history.
A new introduction to Old Norse. Part 3, Glossary and index of names
Categorizing otherness in the kings' sagas
This paper evaluates the limited evidence of a particular Old Norse poetic form called stikki, identified, or potentially identified, in only five sources. These sources are critically reviewed in order to  assess what, if any, generalisations can be made about stikki poetry.
On the case of Vambarljóð II : register and mode from skaldic verse to sagnakvæði
Museums and monuments : the roots of Rogaland for our guests and ourselves
Einleitung in die allgemeine Sprachwissenschaft : preceded by the same author's Zur Literatur der Sprachenkunde Europas
Linguistic interrelations in early Rus' : Northmen, Finns, and East Slavs (ninth to eleventh centuries)
