http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p220 ideas (principles)
ideas (principles)
Splendour, misery, and possibilities : an X-ray of socialist Yugoslavia
The state : authority and autonomy
Ideas into politics : aspects of European history 1880-1950
The sophistic movement
Isms and ologies  : 453 difficult doctrines you've always pretended to understand
Are the Padanians a nation? : Lega Nord and nationalism in Italy
Drama and philosophy
The Olympics : the basics
A Companion to Intellectual History provides an in-depth survey of the practice of intellectual history as a discipline. Forty newly-commissioned chapters showcase leading global research with broad coverage of every aspect of intellectual history as it is currently practiced. Presents an in-depth survey of recent research and practice of intellectual history Written in a clear and accessible manner, designed for an international audience Surveys the various methodologies that have arisen and the main historiographical debates that concern intellectual historians Pays special attention to contemporary controversies, providing readers with the most current overview of the field Demonstrates the ways in which intellectual historians have contributed to the history of science and medicine, literary studies, art history and the history of political thought.
Twentieth-century Western philosophy of religion, 1900-2000
One step back, two steps forward : dialectical birthpangs of the modern Western worldview, as reflected in the works of Christopher Marlowe, Francis Bacon and Gerrard Winstanley
Eighteenth-century periodicals as agents of change : perspectives on northern enlightenment
New dictionary of the history of ideas. Vol. 5, Physics to syncretism
Nations and nationalism since 1780 : programme, myth, reality
Slovakia - a playground for nationalism and national identity : manifestations of the national identity of the Slovaks 1918-1920
Today's isms : communism, fascism, capitalism, socialism
Estonia gravitates towards Sweden : nordic identity and activist regionalism in world war I
Inventing the individual : the origins of Western liberalism
Last Words : The Return of Anders Chydenius
The road from Mont Pèlerin : the making of the neoliberal thought collective
Fiction through metaphor : a case study of The God of small things
Man and socialism in Cuba
The flow of ideas : Russian thought from the enlightenment to the religious-philosophical renaissance
Doctors of body, soul and society : Scottish medical missionaries of the Livingstonia mission in Nyasaland 1875-1914
America, empire of liberty : a new history
A companion to intellectual history
On law and ideology
Imagining a new society : public painting as politics in postwar Finland
The power of ideas
Nationalism amongst the Turks of Cyprus : the first wave
Visions of a technological future : experience and expectation of progress in the interwar United States
Philosophy as a path to happiness : attainment of happiness in Arabic Peripatetic and Ismaili philosophy
The rise of Christian democracy in Europe
"Eighteenth-century periodicals as agents of change: Perspectives on Northern Enlightenment" offers new accounts of the impact of Enlightenment ideas in Scandinavia, with a particular focus on the transnational and revolutionary role of the new periodical press.
Community
New dictionary of the history of ideas. Vol. 4, Machiavellism to phrenology
The real American dream : a meditation on hope
Logical empiricism in North America
AIMing for healthy forests : active, intentional management for multiple values
American conservatism
Fifty major political thinkers
Revolutions in sovereignty : how ideas shaped modern international relations
The political humanism of Hannah Arendt
A guide to the good life : the ancient art of stoic joy
Abstract: Seven conceptions of liberty.
Gertie's new book for better sewing : a modern guide to couture-style sewing using basic vintage techniques
Intercultural communication and ideology
Tibetan Nuns: Gender as a force in a culture under "threat"
Peronism and Argentina
Reason and rebellion : an informal history of political ideas
State sovereignty as social construct
The American political tradition and the men who made it
The rise of the global imaginary : political ideologies from the French Revolution to the global war on terror
World citizenship and government : cosmopolitan ideas in the history of western political thought
European solidarity
Today's isms : socialism, capitalism, fascism, communism, libertarianism
Adventures on the freedom road : the French intellectuals in the 20th Century
Dictionary of liberal thought
Alternative perspectives of a good society
Outside, looking in : critiques of American policies and institutions, left and right
Ideas that changed the world
The state in contemporary Islamic thought : a historical survey of the major Muslim political thinkers of the modern era
Although communication is central to the humanities and social sciences, the inter-cultural level is often, peculiarly, left out of accounts. So what is intercultural communication? How does it relate to global processes and questions of identity? This comprehensive book examines the main features of intercultural communication. It critically examines the main positions in the field. It addresses intercultural communication within the context of global politics. It seeks to address the specific problems that derive from Western ideology and it sets out an agenda for research. The book investigates categories of cultural action and itemizes the machinery for the illumination of inter-cultural processes. Holliday shows how a dialogue between national structures and creative universal cultural skills can be carried on in new locations. He relates intercultural communication to the topics of multiculturalism, cosmopolitanism and globalization. The book addresses how ideology permeates inter-cultural processes and develops an alternative 'grammar' of culture. Insightful, bold and inspirational, the book is a landmark contribution to the field.
Backgrounds of American literary thought
Liberalism : the genius of American ideals
The European idea of ruling and governing in the light of conceptual history
Europa : the European idea and identity, from ancient Greece to the 21st century
Mozart and the Enlightenment : Truth, virtue and beauty in Mozart's operas
Ideology and U.S. foreign policy
Utopia/dystopia : conditions of historical possibility
Black flag down : counter-extremism, defeating ISIS and winning the battle of ideas
A Russian critique of western ideas : the case of Igor' Šafarevič
Politics and morals
Demanding the impossible : a history of Anarchism
The Economist book of isms : from abolitionism to zoroastrianism
The power of antiquity:the Hyperborean research tradition in early modern Swedish research on national antiquity
Americanism : new perspectives on the history of an ideal
A world of ideas : a dictionary of important theories, concepts, beliefs and thinkers
Seeing things their way : intellectual history and the return of religion
Notes on the theory of nationalism
The hero in history : a study in limitation and possibilty
New perspectives on philosophy and education
Robin Hood marketing : stealing corporate savvy to sell just causes
Prince of evolution : Peter Kropotkin's adventures in science and politics
Historied thought, constructed world : a conceptual primer for the turn of the millennium
Liberalism, conservatism and Hayek's idea of spontaneous order
Global problems and world order
A history of Russian thought
Towards European idea in education
The myth of American exceptionalism
World flags identifier : illustrated encyclopedia
Radio Liberty - The Enemy Within? The Dissemination of Western Values through US Cold War Broadcasts
Diversity and community : an interdisciplinary reader
Confusian China and its modern fate. [Vol. 1], The problem of intellectual continuity
The Greenwood encyclopedia of international relations
Cultural forces in world politics
The dynamic twentieth century
"A dream of liberty" : Constance Markievicz's vision of Ireland, 1908-1927
Shakespeare survey. 28, Shakespeare and the ideas of his time
Ideas that matter : a personal guide for the 21st century
Four essays on liberty
The concept of ideology
Thinking the twentieth century
Global institutions and development : framing the world?
New dictionary of the history of ideas. Vol. 2, Communication of ideas to futurology
We the living
Africa must unite [With a portrait and an endpaper map]
Prophets of decline : the global histories of Brooks Adams, Oswald Spengler and Arnold Toynbee in the United States 1896-1961
Victor Hugo, Jean-Paul Sartre, and the liability of liberty
The politicization of Russian orthodoxy : actors and ideas
Wanáǧi Wachípi ki̧ : the ghost dance among the Lakota Indians in 1890
Accident : a philosophical and literary history
Stranger than we can imagine : making sense of the twentieth century
New dictionary of the history of ideas. Vol. 6, Taste to Zionism ; Index
New dictionary of the history of ideas. Vol. 3, Game theory to lysenkoism
Vegetarians and vegans in America today
Majakka on a mission - what is said, what is heard : a closer look at mission related communication in Majakka Church
Around the cragged hill : a personal and political philosophy
Searching for Utopia : the history of an idea
Centuries of change : which century saw the most change and why it matters to us
A short course of Stalinism
The sense of reality : studies in ideas and their history
