http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22090 revenge
revenge vengeance
The duke of dark desires
Identity theft is the fastest-growing crime in the UK. You don't just lose your possessions, you lose yourself. When Georgie Hamilton, a respectable mother of two, is a victim of stolen identity, her entire world is shattered. But twenty-two years earlier, Georgie stole someone else's life ... has the past returned to haunt her?
The Coffin
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
100 bullets. Vol. 11 : Once upon a crime
Centuries ago, Illarion was betrayed- a dragon made human against his will, then forced to serve humanity as a dragonmount in their army, and to fight for them in barbaric wars, even while he hated everything about them. Enslaved and separated from everyone he knew and from his own dragon brothers, he was forced into exile in a fey realm where he lost the only thing he ever really loved. Now he has a chance to regain what's been lost-- to have the one thing he covets most. But only if he gives up his brothers and forsakes the oaths he holds most dear. Yet what terrifies him most isn't the cost his happiness might incur, it's the fact that there is just enough human in his dragon's heart that he might actually be willing to pay it and betray everything and everyone- to see the entire world burn in Dragonmark, the next blockbuster Dark-Hunter novel by #1 New York Times bestselling author Sherrilyn Kenyon.
This is the first novel by the author of "Immortality", which won "The Independent" Award for Foreign Fiction in 1991. Milan Kundera is also the author of "The Book of Laughter and Fogetting".
The sacred band
The girl in in the mask
Tokyo station
The joke
Among thieves
The cape
Arena 13. The Prey
Vampire game. Volume 6 / [translator - Ikoi Hiroe ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
"Two quick shots. One for him. One for you. After the death of her three-year-old daughter, Jodie has nothing left to live for - or almost nothing. She has one task to fulfil before she takes her own life. And that's to kill the man she holds responsible for her daughter's death - her seemingly perfect husband, Ethan. But Ethan is hiding more than just his true nature. And as more horrifying secrets from his past emerge, Jodie's strength will be pushed to the limit..."--Publisher's description.
Minutes after the principal of Opportunity High School in Alabama finishes her speech welcoming the student body to a new semester, they discover that the auditorium doors will not open and someone starts shooting as four teens, each with a personal reason to fear the shooter, tell the tale from separate perspectives.
Red country
Private scandals
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Black powder war
Lotus eaters
The Tapper twins go to war (with each other)
The fragile world
The names
Vampire game. Volume 8 / [translator - Patrick Coffman ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
The copper promise
Drive angry
The twelve
Foxy Brown
The murderer's daughter
Dead time
Red sky in morning
Mr Shivers
Vampire game. Volume 10 / [translator - Patrick Coffman ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
The Count of Monte Cristo
A game of thrones
Dishonored : PS3
"In 1814, the Congress of Vienna has just begun. Diplomats battle over a new map of Europe, actors vie for a chance at glory, and aristocrats and royals from across the continent come together to celebrate the downfall of Napoleon"--
Renato Jones : The one%. Season one
The voices beyond
Ghost dancer : a thriller
The mistletoe bride & other haunting tales
Little black lies
Iron man 2 / directed by Jon Favreau ; screenplay by Justin theroux ; director of photography Matthew Libatique ; music by John Debney
"It's hard to be a bad assassassin when a giant is beating the crap out of you. Luckily, I never let pride get in the way of my work. My current mission is personal: annihilate Mab Monroe, the Fire elemental who murdered my family. Which means protecting my identity, even if I have to conceal my powerful Stone and Ice magic when I need it most. To the public, I'm Gin Blanco, owner of Ashland's best barbecue joint. To my friends, I'm the Spider, retired assassin. I still do favors on the side. Like ridding a vampire friend of her oversize stalker--Mab's right-hand goon who almost got me dead with his massive fists. At least irresistible Owen Grayson is on my side. The man knows too much about me, but I'll take my chances. Then there's Detective Bria Coolidge, one of Ashland's finest. Until recently, I thought my baby sister was dead. She probably thinks the same about me. Little does she know, I'm a cold-blooded killer...who is about to save her life."--P. [4] of cover.
The final word
Half a king
Vampire game. Volume 9 / [translator - Patrick Coffman ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
Without fail
From a master of contemporary fantasy comes the first novel of a landmark series unlike any you've ever read before. With A Game of Thrones, George R. R. Martin has launched a genuine masterpiece, bringing together the best the genre has to offer. Mystery, intrigue, romance, and adventure fill the pages of this magnificent saga, the first volume in an epic series sure to delight fantasy fans everywhere.
This is where it ends
Assassin's creed. [Volume 1], Trial by fire
Disgaea 5 : alliance of vengeance : PlayStation 4
Altar of blood
Revenge in a Cold River
Kabuki. [Library edition. vol. 1]
The falconer
Force of execution
Pretty girls : a novel
Vampire game. Volume 7 / [translator - Patrick Coffman ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
Fat Tuesday
In bed with a highlander
BB Wolf and the three LPs
The Crow : Death and rebirth
The survivor
Days of blood & starlight
Nevernight
A dance with dragons
House reckoning : a Joe DeMarco thriller
Half a war
Black cat. Vol. 16 : The truth about the Tao
In a world where the suns almost never set, a woman gains entry to a school of infamous assassins, seeking vengeance against the powers that destroyed her family. Daughter of an executed traitor, Mia Corvere is barely able to escape her father's failed rebellion with her life. Alone and friendless, she wanders a city built from the bones of a dead god, hunted by the Senate and its thugs. But her gift for speaking with the shadows leads her to the hearth of a retired killer, and a future she never imagined. Now, Mia is apprenticed to the deadliest flock of assassins in the entire Republic-the Red Church. Deadly trials await her within the Church's halls: blades and poisons, treachery and death. If she survives to initiation, she'll be inducted among the chosen of the Lady of Blessed Murder, and be one step closer to the only thing she desires. Revenge.
Servant x service. 1
Brother's keeper
The amulet of Samarkand
Leandra Weal has a bad habit of getting herself in dangerous situations. While hunting neodemons in her role as Warden of Ixos, Leandra obtains a prophetic spell that provides a glimpse one day into her future. She discovers that she is doomed to murder someone she loves, soon, but not who. That's a pretty big problem for a woman who has a shark god for a lover, a hostile empress for an aunt, a rogue misspelling wizard for a father, and a mother who--especially when arguing with her daughter--can be a real dragon. Leandra's quest to unravel the mystery of the murder-she-will-commit becomes more urgent when her chronic disease flares up and the Ixonian Archipelago is plagued by natural disasters, demon worshiping cults, and fierce political infighting. Everywhere she turns, Leandra finds herself amid intrigue and conflict. It seems her bad habit for getting into dangerous situations is turning into a full blown addiction. As chaos spreads across Ixos, Leandra and her troubled family must race to uncover the shocking truth about a prophesied demonic invasion, human language, and their own identities--if they don't kill each other first.
One last breath : a Cooper & Fry mystery
Annika Bengtzon has spent her career telling stories that need to be heard. As a journalist, she's always been at the front line of criminal reporting. And now a court case that she's been reporting on - the savage murder of a homeless man - has begun to attract a lot of attention. With the stakes rising by the day, Annika is once again flung to the heart of a complex case. But nagging at the back of her mind is her sister's mysterious absence. In the midst of a tense public situation, Annika's own complicated past looks set to rear its head.
Martyrs
Touch
The mistletoe bride and other haunting tales
Wicked games : a novel
"A richly-researched fantasy set at the historical Congress of Vienna blends political machinations, forbidden alchemy, and romance between a widowed noblewoman and a charming con man"--
The bride of Lammermoor
The vanishing throne
Iron khan : a detective inspector Chen novel
Lake country
Heart-shaped bruise
Vampire game. Volume 5 / [translator - Ikoi Hiroe ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
Dead secret
Emperor of thorns
Twelve kings in Sharakhai
Batman : Earth one
"I know who killed my son." Molly Rourke's son has been murdered... and she knows who's responsible. Now she's taking the law into her own hands. Never underestimate a mother's love.
The victim
London belongs to us
Sleeping cruelty
Victim without a face
Beauty
Memoirs of the damned
Sweetest little sin
Morrigan's cross
The lion who stole my arm
Huuliharppukostaja = Once upon a time in the West
The lovers : love and vengeance in Afganistan : a true story
Bride of a wicked Scotsman
Congress of secrets
The murderer's daughter : a novel
The English spy
The traitor's emblem
Dark angel ; Lord Carew's bride
A prisoner of birth
The otherworldly Karou struggles to come to terms with who and what she is, and how far she'll go to avenge her people.
Vampire game. Volume 4 / [translator - Ikoi Hiroe ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
Paper towns
A divided spy
The Transporter refueled
"DeMarco always knew that his father Gino had a shady job for a local mafioso, but he didn't understand that Gino had been a hit man until he was murdered. Now, nearly twenty years later, one of Gino's former mob associates is dying of lung cancer, and he wants to get something off his chest before retiring to his grave: the truth about Gino's killer"--Amazon.com.
The other lands
Dance of death
Mathew's tale
The crow
The iron ghost
The one% own more than half the world's wealth. They've crashed economies, bought governments, and have amassed more power than any other group in history. And they still don't have enough. With this kind of power, how can anyone make them pay? Who will make them pay? Enter Renato Jones, a mysterious vigilante, out to even the score.
Fool me twice
Riot
One way or another
The man from Beijing
Polar. [Volume 1], Came from the cold
King of thorns
Afternoon tea at the Sunflower Cafe
Thorvald Spear, resurrected from his death over a hundred years earlier, continues to hunt Penny Royal, the rogue AI and dangerous war criminal on the run from Polity forces. Beyond the Graveyard, a lawless and deadly area in deep space, Spear follows the trail of several enemy Prador, the crab-like alien species with a violent history of conflict with humanity.  Sverl, a Prador genetically modified by Penny Royal and slowly becoming human, pursues Cvorn, a Prador harboring deep hatred for the Polity looking to use him and other hybrids to reignite the dormant war with mankind.  Blite, captain of a bounty hunting ship, hands over two prisoners and valuable memplants from Penny Royal to the Brockle, a dangerous forensics entity under strict confinement on a Polity spaceship that quickly takes a keen interest in the corrupted AI and its unclear motives.  Penny Royal meanwhile continues to pull all the strings in the background, keeping the Polity at bay and seizing control of an attack ship. It seeks Factory Station Room 101, a wartime manufacturing space station believed to be destroyed. What does it want with the factory? And will Spear find the rogue AI before it gets there?
Himmler's cook
Devil's peak
Mr. Bricks : a heavy metal murder musical
War Factory
Shadows before the sun
The Philly kid
