http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22012 manufacturing engineering
manufacturing engineering manufacturing technique
Machine tools for high performance machining
Natural glazes : collecting and making
Machining composite materials
Materials and process selection for engineering design
Spinnova is spinning yarn from wood fibres. (English summary)
In the making : a practice-led enquiry into prototyping in designing a touch-free faucet
Customer Relationship Management for Long Wei Plastics & Metal Manufacturing CO. LTD
Combination of catalyst development and chemical reaction engineering : a key aspect to improve the hydrogen peroxide direct synthesis
Fundamentals of manufacturing engineering
Oxidative stability of solid foods with dispersed lipids
Lithium batteries : science and technology
Fabrication process development for silicon micro and nanosystems
Linden's handbook of batteries
Manufacturing Process Selection Handbook provides engineers and designers with process knowledge and the essential technological and cost data to guide the selection of manufacturing processes early in the product development cycle. Building on content from the authors' earlier introductory Process Selection guide, this expanded handbook begins with the challenges and benefits of identifying manufacturing processes in the design phase and appropriate strategies for process selection. The bulk of the book is then dedicated to concise coverage of different manufacturing.
Stone Age flint technology in South-Western Estonia : results from the Pärnu Bay area
Use-Wear 2012
Blown film extrusion : an introduction
Reverse engineering : an industrial perspective
Quick changeover simplified : the manager's guide to increasing profits with SMED
Plastic conversion processes : a concise and applied guide
Archaeological ceramics : a review of current research
Manufacturing process selection handbook : from design to manufacture
Corded ware coastal communities : using ceramic analysis to reconstruct third millennium BC societies in the Netherlands
Manufacturing processes
Tracing prehistoric social networks through technology : a diachronic perspective on the Aegean
The rapid guide to perfect preforms
Everyday products in the Middle Ages : crafts, consumption and the individual in Northern Europe c. AD 800-1600
Ancient and Historical Ceramics : Materials, Technology, Art and Culinary Traditions
The pottery of the Battleaxe (Corded ware) culture : craft and vessel function versus the nature of contacts
Screening and cleaning of pulp : a study to the parameters affecting separation
DIM : digital integrated manufacturing 1.9.2009 -28.2.2012
Pottery technology : principles and reconstruction
The project work for this thesis was commissioned by the Havi candle factory,  Riihimäki, and it is intended for testing a transportation technique for  the conveying of wick sustainers or wick tabs from a storage tank to the  production line of the tea light candle in the factory. The aim of the project work was to perform various tests on different  techniques or systems for the transportation of wick sustainers from a  storage unit or tank at the base of the work floor to the tea light candle  production line. The objective of this thesis was to present a layout structure  of the most efficient and economical method of transporting the wick  sustainers from the list of tested methods.  In this thesis, the Havi candle factory was introduced with emphasis on the  tea light candle production line. More insight was also paid to the needs  for a transport mechanism for the wick tabs to the production line of the  tea light candle. This was followed by a theoretical view of pressurized  gas systems. Furthermore, the various ideas for transporting the wick tabs  were tested and the most efficient method which was the use of pressurized  gas systems was further developed. The result obtained after various testing was performed shows that the direct  and overhead tank methods of transporting of the wick sustainers using  pneumatic technology (pressurized gas system) as the primary transportation  medium is a more efficient and economical way of transporting  the wick sustainers to the tea light candle production line.
Biotechnical methods for improvement of energy economy in mechanical pulping
Prehistoric cordage : identification of impressions on pottery
Dynamics of fibre formation and processing : modelling and application in fibre and textile industry
ASM handbook. Volume 20, Materials selection and design
Manufacturing tolerance analysis, realization and testing of formed thin sheet metal part
Stretch blow moulding : a hands-on guide
Hunter-gatherer mobility and the organisation of core technology in Mesolithic North-Eastern Europe
Textiles and the Medieval economy : production, trade, and consumption of textiles, 8th-16th Centuries
Engineering materials and processes desk reference
Principles of modern manufacturing
Rethinking craft specialization in complex societies : archaeological analyses of the social meaning of production
Manufacture of disposal canisters
Fabrication and welding engineering
Inverse methods for continuous balancing of elastic rolls
The ultimate jeweller's guide : the illustrated reference of techniques, tools & materials
Few and far between : an archive survey of Finnish blade finds
Manufacturing technology. Vol. 2
Oxidation of fine chemicals by iron based and metal-free catalysis
Integration of inkjet-printing and processing into manufacturing for flexible electronics
High performance manufacture of sintered steel : critical aspects of tooling performance and sintered microstructure
An intelligent process design for stretch blow moulding : microwawe processing of plastics
Gasoline, diesel, and ethanol biofuels from grasses and plants
Renaissance : Hungary, Italy, Finland
Hydroforming for advanced manufacturing
Design and manufacture of plastic components for multifunctionality : structural composites, injection molding, and 3D printing
Synergy deployment at early evaluation of modularity of the multi-agent production systems
Biofuels : securing the planet's future energy needs
Manufacturing and automation technology : tech lab workbook
Manufacturing engineering and management
On the development of object functions and restrictions for shapes made with a turret punch press
Optimisation of recombinant protein production in Pichia pastoris : single-chain antibody fragment model protein
Microstructure of dosage forms for personalised medicine resolved with Terahertz and X-ray microtomography
Benefits of atomic layer deposition in nanophotonic device fabrication
The Kaaraneskoski site in Pello, South-Western Lapland : at the interface between the "East" and the "West"
The best of fine woodworking : modern woodworking techniques
Improvement of recombinant protein production in shaken cultures : focus on aeration and enzyme-controlled glucose feeding
Technology and experimentation in archaeology
Sustainability in the process industry : integration and optimization
The Viking Age was a world very different to our own: a world of violence and magic, swords and slaves. However, there was of course a much more ordinary, everyday side to life. People made things and traded them; they tended crops and livestock; they cooked and looked after their homes; they drank, gambled and went to market. Much has been written about key historical events in the Viking period, but this book takes a closer look at the day-to-day activities of ordinary people.
Aqueous foam as the carrier phase in the deposition of fibre networks
Thin Al2O3 barrier coatings grown on bio-based packaging materials by atomic layer deposition
Wet spinning of polylactide stereo copolymer multifilaments
Archaeologists and textile historians bring together 16 papers to investigate the production, trade and consumption of textiles in Scandinavia and across parts of northern and Mediterranean Europe throughout the medieval period. Archaeological evidence is used to demonstrate the existence or otherwise of international trade and to examine the physical characteristics of textiles and their distribution in order to understand who was producing, using and trading them and what they were being used for. Historical evidence, mainly textual, is employed to link textile names to places, numbers and prices and thus provide an appreciation of changing economics, patterns of distribution and the organisation of trade. Different types and qualities of cloths are discussed and the social implications of their production and import/export considered against a developing background of urbanism and increasing commercial wealth.
Negative electrode materials for lithium ion batteries
Autoclaved aerated concrete : innovation and development
High bit-rate optical interconnects on printed wiring board : micro-optics and hybrid integration
Wick sustainers transport mechanism
The Corded Ware Culture (c. 2900-2300 BC) is found in a large area, from Russia to the Netherlands and from Scandinavia to Switzerland. Supra-regional elements include beakers decorated with cord and/or spatula imprints, battle-axes, and a funerary customs involving crouched inhumations under barrows with gender-specific placement of the body gender-specific funerary gifts. [...] It is argued in this study that the Corded Ware Culture represents an economic alliance, a dynamic totality as well as a network linking regional groups - each with a distinct economic base, material culture and ideology. These communities all participated in a vast supra-regional network that was a platform for inter-community exchanges of goods, skills, ideas and possibly people. Affiliation to this supra-regional network was a vital aspect for all regional groups involved, and membership to it was expressed by using a set of common traits. Decorated thin-walled beakers act as symbols of these supra-regional networks and thus embody both functional and ideological roles.
Diffractive optics based on V-shaped structures and its applications
Coordinate measuring machines and systems
Additive manufacturing technologies : rapid prototyping to direct digital manufacturing
Extrusion blow molding
Spatial patterns of the Early Mesolithic Sujala site, Utsjoki, Finnish Lapland
Basics of polymers : fabrication and processing technology
Oolong tea
Lean for the process industries : dealing with complexity
Manufacturing cost engineering handbook
History of Scandinavia.
Particle size determination during fluid bed granulation : tools for enhanced process understanding
Manufacturing systems engineering : a unified approach to manufacturing technology, production management, and industrial economics
Deadlock resolution in automated manufacturing systems : a novel Petri net approach
Keeping your edge : recent approaches to the organisation of stone artefact technology
Product design for manufacture and assembly
"Since John Bosch edited and published the first version of this book in 1995 the world of manufacturing and Coordinate Measuring Machines (CMMs) and Coordinate Measuring Systems (CMSs) has changed considerably. Perhaps most significantly we have seen a large volume of manufacturing move to Asia, particularly the Peoples Republic of China. We have also seen enormous growth in the capability of what were once called "micro" computers and the incredible strides in communication through the multifaceted ever changing marvel we call the World Wide Web. Add to that the proliferation and miniaturization of the cell phone, PDAs of all sorts, and digital books, etc. and much of the work we do and the tools we do it with would have seemed quite alien a decade and a half ago"--Provided by publisher.
Shoes and patterns
Fundamentals of design and manufacturing
Green manufacturing : fundamentals and applications
Referat. - Sommario.
A Viking way of life : combs and communities in early medieval Britain
Continuos cooking  of dissolving pulp
"Introducing a new engineering product or changing an existing model involves making designs, reaching economic decisions, selecting materials, choosing manufacturing processes, and assessing its environmental impact. These activities are interdependent and should not be performed in isolation from each other. This is because the materials and processes used in making the product can have a large influence on its design, cost, and performance in service. Since the publication of the second edition of this book, changes have occurred in the fields of materials and manufacturing. Industries now place more emphasis on manufacturing products and goods locally, rather than outsourcing. Nanostructured and smart materials appear more frequently in products, composites are used in designing essential parts of civilian airliners, and biodegradable materials are increasingly used instead of traditional plastics. More emphasis is now placed on how products affect the environment, and society is willing to accept more expensive but eco-friendly goods. In addition, there has been a change in the emphasis and the way the subjects of materials and manufacturing are taught within a variety of curricula and courses in higher education.This third edition of the bestselling Materials and Process Selection for Engineering Design has been comprehensively revised and reorganized to reflect these changes. In addition, the presentation has been enhanced and the book includes more real-world case studies. "--
Intensified use of process measurements in hydrometallurgical zinc production processes
Northern inland oblique point sites : a new look into the Late Mesolithic oblique point tradition in Eastern Fennoscandia
Modern trends in scientific studies on ancient ceramics : papers presented at the 5th European Meeting on Ancient Ceramics, Athens 1999
The art of knitting : an interactive guide to the basics of knitting
Innovations in Materials Manufacturing, Fabrication, and Environmental Safety
Linden's Handbook of batteries
Manufacturing and design : understanding the principles of how things are made
Dressed to fill : producing and filling PET bottles
Manufacturing engineering and technology
Descent history of Mesolithic oblique points in Eastern Fennoscandia : a technological comparison between two artefact populations
Helgö - moulds and routes : ceramological investigations of distribution, ceramics craft and raw materials
Fractures in knapping
