http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2208 grandparents
grandparents
Filial piety : practice and discourse in contemporary East Asia
Behind the scenes at the museum
A dictionary of mutual understanding
Old age homes
A need for care? : elderly applicants for local authority homes
The book of the alchemists
Travel, goods and virtual spaces : the connection between three generations in transnational families
The modern grandparent's guide
Paffy : a craft-kit for grandparents and their grandchildren
The amateur marriage
The truth of me : about a boy, his grandmother, and a very good dog
"From the beloved Pulitzer Prize-winning author--now in the fiftieth year of her remarkable career--a brilliantly observed, joyful and wrenching, funny and true new novel that reveals, as only she can, the very nature of a family's life. "It was a beautiful, breezy, yellow-and-green afternoon." This is the way Abby Whitshank always begins the story of how she fell in love with Red that day in July 1959. The whole family--their two daughters and two sons, their grandchildren, even their faithful old dog--is on the porch, listening contentedly as Abby tells the tale they have heard so many times before. And yet this gathering is different too: Abby and Red are growing older, and decisions must be made about how best to look after them, and the fate of the house so lovingly built by Red's father. Brimming with the luminous insight, humor, and compassion that are Anne Tyler's hallmarks, this capacious novel takes us across three generations of the Whitshanks, their shared stories and long-held secrets, all the unguarded and richly lived moments that combine to define who and what they are as a family"--
Chasing forgiveness : a novel
A couple of boys have the best week ever
The biggest muddy puddle in the world
Grandparenting a child with special needs
A cornish stranger
Jasper and the magpie : enjoying special interests together
Ethos and identity : three studies in ethnicity
Grandparents : enjoying and caring for your grandchild
Gran and grandpa
Princess in the spotlight
Handbook of parenting. Vol. 3, Being and becoming a parent
The grandparents handbook : games, activities, tips, how-tos, and all-around fun
Family stories and the life course : across time and generations
All about Alfie
The star side of Bird Hill : a novel
The inheritance of loss
A Start in life
This heartwarming women's fiction series from beloved New York Times bestselling author Mary Alice Monroe centers on Marietta Colson Muir, a dowager of Charleston society who has retired to her historic summer home on Sullivan's Island called Conquest, and her three granddaughters Carson, Eudora, and Harper. It's summer once again on idyllic Sullivan's Island, but Eudora, or Dora as she's affectionately called by her family, is feeling anything but perfect. With a perpetually withdrawn son and an impending divorce, the pressure is just too much to handle, and Dora cracks, suffering what the doctors are calling 'Broken Heart' syndrome. Mamaw, Lucille, Harper, and Carson all rally around Dora to support her and nurse her back to health--however, it seems Dora isn't the only one falling apart this summer. Between Lucille's health scare and an unexpected surprise that has Carson reconsidering her life's direction, it looks like all the women of Sullivan's Island could use some TLC. When Sullivan's is hit with a tropical storm, it will be up to the three sisters to band together and weather the tempest together--both the one outside their windows, and the raging sea of emotions within each one of them.
The thread
The thing about luck
Little lord Fauntleroy
Tiny sunbirds far away
Connecting children : care and family life in later childhood
Shades and darkness
The summer's end
Family communication
Grandparenting in divorced families
From cultivation to culture : a personal approach to the relationship between countryside and city
Archie and George are identical twins. Archie is six minutes older than George. They look the same but are very different. Archie loves ball games and running and being outside. George loves drawing and reading and being inside.  When Grandma and Grandad give the twins their very first bikes, Archie can't wait to have a go. George feels a bit scared but luckily Grandma is on hand to help!
Handbook of parenting. Volume 3, Status and social conditions of parenting
Families in Asia : home and kin
The tiger's wife : a novel
Lovely old lion
Cass and Max-Ernest discover the Museum of Magic, unscramble more coded messages, and solve new mysteries in their attempt to thwart the Terces Society's ambitions of discovering immortality / Library off Congress.
Flora the fairy
The experience of housing in retirement : elderly lifestyles and private initiative
If you're reading this, it's too late
15 things not to do with a granny
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
Lost in care : the problems of maintraining links between children in care and their families
Working and caring over the twentieth century : change and continuity in four-generation families
Handbook on grandparenthood
Contemporary grandparenting : changing family relationships in global contexts
A fourteen-year-old living with his grandparents learns his father is to be released from prison after killing his mother and feels apprehensive about renewing the relationship. Based on true events / Library of Congress.
The hilarious follow-up to 15 Things Not to Do with a Baby has all the warmth and humour of its predecessor, focusing on the relationship between children and their granny. DON'T hide an elephant in Granny's bed. DON'T send Granny up to the moon in a rocket, or wear her pants onyour head, or give her squashed jelly beans on toast for breakfast. But do...dance with Granny, listen to Granny's stories, hug her and love her lots. She loves you!
The Saue manor-house : finding new programs
The summer wind
This book is a sociological review of stepfamily life, examining the particular issues and challenges which people in stepfamilies face. Combining published studies and original fieldwork, it focuses on the internal dynamics of stepfamily households as well as the relationships sustained with those outside the household.
The widower's tale
Fun and games
Now - after
The glass ocean
Readings in family theory
This child is also mine : a narrative approach to the phenomenon of atypical custodial grandparenthood
Sunny Lewin is sent to live with her grandfather for the summer in Florida, where she befriends Buzz, a boy completely obsessed with comic books, and faces the secret behind why she is in Florida in the first place / Library of Congress.
The hatbox letters : a novel
Ex familia : grandparents, parents, and children adjust to divorce
"In the next installment of her graphic memoir series, Displacement, Knisley volunteers to watch over her ailing grandparents on a cruise. (The book's watercolors evoke the ocean that surrounds them.) In a book that is part graphic memoir, part travelogue, and part family history, Knisley not only tries to connect with her grandparents, but to reconcile their younger and older selves. She is aided in her quest by her grandfather's WWII memoir, which is excerpted. Readers will identify with Knisley's frustration, her fears, her compassion, and her attempts to come to terms with mortality, as she copes with the stress of travel complicated by her grandparents' frailty" --
The Goffins: Lofty and Eave
Contemporary grandparenting
Family Practices in Later Life
The effect of social exchange on women's intention for a second child in Hungary
Grace and Mary
Diving in and stepping back : exploring the object in environmental art
More people to love me
Family ties and aging
Health effects on grandparents : parenting AIDS orphaned grandchildren and how nurses can help in promoting the health of grandparents : literature review
Grandmothers : the changing culture
The taste of apple seeds
A spool of blue thread
The Finn's tale
Archie and George and the new bikes
The ties of later life
Kieron Smith, boy
A night in old Mexico
Grandmothers as caregivers : raising children of the crack cocaine epidemic
My grandparents
The doldrums
Homecoming
Based on original contributions from leading scholars, this handbook offers critical reviews of variaitons in grandparenthood (historical, cultural, race, gender), contingenicies (transitions, roles, influence, divorce surrogate parenting, adult grandchildren) and interventions (clinical, policies, programs). It also addresses research trends and needed conceptual and theoretical refinements. The introduction describes trends in grandparenting research since the middle of this century, and offers a brief synopsis of the book's contents as well as specific suggestions for further research. The first part addresses diversity in grandparenting experiences, including historical and demographic trends, racial and ethnic variations, contextual influences with special emphasis on grandparents in rural and farm environments, and gender differences in grandparents' and grandchildren's experiences. The second part focuses on the dynamics and contingencies of grandparenting. Chapters address transitions in grandparents' lives, grandparents' roles, the impact of grandparenting on grandchildren, and grandparenting under special circumstances, such as divorce and surrogate parenting. The third part deals with interventions in grandparenting. Specific issues addressed are clinical interventions and therapy with extended families, policies concerning grandparents' visitations and grandparents as surrogates parents and programs for grandparents. The book's concluding chapter offers suggestions for future research. The work has an extensive comprehensive bibliography and index.
