http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22168 time management
time management
By living to glorify God, and letting go of what lies behind, you have the power to change your live. Meyer shows you one hundred ways to immediately improve your life, and let God help you live a simple life.
End procrastination now! : Get it done with a proven psychological approach
Overcoming information overload
Tough Tactics for Tough Times: how to maintain business success in difficult economic conditions
The life-changing magic of not giving a f**k : how to stop spending time you don't have doing things you don't want to do with people you don't like
How to get things done: without trying too hard
The time trap : the classic book on time management
The impact of customer order lead time-based decisions on the firm's ability to make money : case study: build to order manufacturing of electrical equipment and appliances
Time well spent: getting things done through effective time management
Mindfulness on the go : peace in your pocket
Supervision in the hospitality industry
The great office detox : minimize stress and maximize job satisfaction
Organize yourself!
The end of project overruns : lean and beyond for engineering, procurement and construction
Hidden rhythms : schedules and calendars in social life
Time and project management strategies for librarians
The now habit : a strategic program for overcoming procrastination and enjoying guilt-free play
Project management : the managerial process
Overwhelmed : work, love, and play when no one has the time
Challenges in the development of video game sequels: a study on video game postmortems
The power of less : the 6 essential productivity principles that will change your life
Busy : how to thrive in a world of too much
Time management for dummies
The 80/20 principle : the secret of achieving more with less
The personal efficiency program : how to stop feeling overwhelmed and win back control of your work!
Summary in estonian.
168 hours : you have more time than you think
How to deal with stress
Master your workday now! : proven strategies to control chaos, create outcomes & connect your work to who you really are
The one thing : the surprisingly simple truth behind extraordinary results
Scrum : the art of doing twice the work in half the time
I'd change my life if I had more time! : a practical guide to living your dreams
Sleeping with your smartphone : how to break the 24/7 habit and change the way you work
Don't read this book : time management for creative people
Most advice centers on what to do, or how to do it, and ignores the when of success. But exciting new research proves there is a right time to do just about everything, based on our biology and hormones. As Dr. Michael Breus proves in The power of when, working with your body's inner clock for maximum health, happiness, and productivity is easy, exciting, and fun. The power of when presents a groundbreaking new program for getting back in sync with your natural rhythm by making minor changes to your daily routine. After you've taken Dr. Breus's comprehensive Bio-Time Quiz to figure out your chronotype (are you a Bear, Lion, Dolphin or Wolf?), you'll find out the best time to do over 50 different activities. Featuring a foreword by Mehmet C. Oz, MD, and packed with fascinating facts, fun personality quizzes, and easy-to-follow guidelines, The power of when is the ultimate "lifehack" to help you achieve your goals.
100 great time management ideas : from successful executives and managers around the world
The procrastinator's handbook : mastering the art of doing it now
This book is part of a new series of seven cutting-edge project management guides for both working practitioners and students. Like all books in this series, it offers deep practical insight into the successful design, management, and control of complex modern projects. Using real case studies and proven applications, expert authors show how multiple functions and disciplines can and must be integrated to achieve a successful outcome.
Manage your time
Mobile phone customization work development and improvement
The rhythms of society
Eliminate the chaos at work : 25 techniques to increase productivity
Successful time management : Get more out of your day
The 80/20 manager
Thief of time
Helps you review and assess your time management and adopt new work practices to improve it. This book includes time-saving ideas, practical solutions and checklists, and advice on: controlling paperwork; organizing your e-mail inbox; delegating and working with others; prioritizing to focus on key issues; getting and staying organized.
Self-leadership of Skilled Manual Employees at Vip Juicemaker Oy
The urban monk : Eastern wisdom and modern hacks to stop time and find success, happiness, and peace
On Demand Product Development Customized For Production
Time management for manic mums : get control of your life in 7 weeks
Effective time management in easy steps
The power of when : discover your chronotype - and the best time to eat lunch, ask for a raise, have sex, write a novel, take your meds, and more
Earned value methods in Wärtsilä Finland Power Plants
Optimization of time-cost tradeoff problems in construction project planning by using non-dominated sorting genetic algorith (NSGA II)
Developing work and study skills
The yes/no book : how to do less... and achieve more
Project time management system
"For many people, time is an enemy. The anxiety triggered by 'the ticking clock', in particular when a deadline is involved, leads to ineffective work and study behaviour which in turn elicits the tendency to procrastinate. The Pomodoro Technique was created with the aim of using time as a valuable ally to accomplish what we want to do the way we want to do it, and to empower us to continually improve our work or study processes" -- introduction.
The 5 keys to optimal time management
The lazy guru's guide to life : the mindful art of achieving more by doing less
Enough
Balancing acts : on being a mother
Abstract: Time management handbook and introduction to timemetrics.
When : the art of perfect timing
Psychological and physiological implications of time perception
Essentialism : the disciplined pursuit of less
Do it tomorrow : and other secrets of time management
"Packed with tips and techniques, Successful Time Management serves as a guide to reviewing and assessing new work practices to improve time management. It includes great time-saving ideas, practical solutions, checklists, and advice on controlling paperwork, delegating and working with others, prioritizing to focus on key issues, and getting and staying organized. This new third edition contains new practical tips on using email in a time effective manner and dealing with other internet-based tools and apps to help productivity"--
Get your sh!t together : your prescription for a simpler life, or, life is a grit sandwich
The organized mind : thinking straight in the age of information overload
The 4-hour work week
Based on the ancient principles of mindfulness, this beautifully illustrated and relaxing guide will make life flow just the way it should. It is organised into four simple sections: 1. What lazy means 2. Why it works 3. How the lazy guru can rule the Universe 4. Brain training exercises, from 'beditation' to prioritising work goals by teaching your mind to self-organise A happier and richer life is possible for everyone using the techniques in this life-changing book. So embrace your inner Lazy Guru and release the stress and anxiety of the modern world.
HBR's 10 must reads : on managing yourself
The definite guide to project management
The Wander Society
Work simply : embracing the power of your personal productivity style
Stress-free living : calm-spreading, mind-soothing, strain-slaying ideas for a happy life
Life-changing magic of not giving a f**k : how to stop spending time you don't have with people you don't like doing things you don't want to do
Productivity for librarians : how to get more done in less time
Timekeepers : How the World Became Obsessed with Time
Mastering project time management, cost control, and quality management : proven methods for controlling the three elements that define project deliverables
Sync your relationship, save your marriage : four steps to getting back on track
The 15 minute rule
Time in organizational research
Robust project scheduling
Getting things done : the art of stress-free productivity
100 ways to simplify your life
Two awesome hours : science-based strategies to harness your best time and get your most important work done
Time management secrets: the experts tell all!
The book of do-ness : 234.5 ideas to beat your daily laziness
Stuffocation : Living More With Less
10 essentials for high performance quality in the 21st century
Successful time management in a week
The pomodoro technique
Successful time management for dummies
Making time : why time seems to pass at different speeds and how to control it
A mom's guide to home organization : simple solutions to control clutter, schedules and stress
Stress management and prevention : applications to everyday life
How to organize yourself
Effective time management for high performance in an organization
Organize now! : your money, business & career
A nurse's survival guide to leadership and management on the ward
Mindfire : big ideas for curious minds
How to get things done without trying too hard
Time-Event server
Student procrastination : seize the day and get more work done
Eat that frog! : 21 great ways to stop procrastinating and get more done in less time
Time management for architects and designers : challenges and remedies
Romancing the clock
Organize now! : a week-by-week guide to simplify your space and your life!
Project management : a systems approach to planning, scheduling, and controlling
Time management handbook and introduction to timemetrics
