http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22127 containers (dishes)
containers (dishes)
African forms
Heavy Fuel Oil (HFO) is widely used to produce electricity with boiler plants or diesel power plants. Other common applications of heavy fuel oil are boilers and blast furnaces in industry. HFO is used also in the pulp and paper industry. Shipping is using one third of all HFO to power up typically larger marine vessels. Economical optimization in operations is one of today's trends in the industry; the price of used energy starts to be the major issue. Due to that, heavy fuel oil is still very appealing and competitive solution as a fuel. The problem with the HFO use is to ensure the correct treatment of it. The functions of the fuel oil treatment system are to clean fuel oil and supply it for engines at required pressure and viscosity. The system also ensures the correct fuel oil flow over the engines. The purpose of the thesis was to describe the system and to introduce one kind of treatment system. Wärtsilä Finland Training Services owns a fuel oil treatment system which is intended for medium-speed diesel engines, which use either heavy fuel oil or light fuel oil. The primary use of the system is to provide a safe training environment for Wärtsilä's own maintenance and operating personnel and also for customers from power plants and ship installations. The treatment system is a somewhat old and therefore the documentation of the system is insufficient. Due to this the use of the system for training purposes is difficult and unsafe. The main goal of the thesis is to create an updated system description, a speciation and an operating instruction for the system to improve the explained situation. As a result of the thesis, documentation of the system was created, which explains the operations of the HFO treatment system, processes and components. There are lots of different types of heavy fuel oil treatment systems in the field. The topic was limited to focus on the heavy fuel oil treatment system made for training purposes of Wärtsilä Training Services. The updated HFO treatment system description includes and explains all equipment placed in the current system. The PI diagram of the HFO treatment system is also now updated. This enables the safe use of the equipment. Generally this thesis project also increased awareness and knowledge of the fuel oil treatment system among the training department, which is beneficial for coming training courses in the future.
Old cooking utensils
Process description and specifictation for heavy fuel oil treatment system
Food as a cultural symbol was as important in antiquity as in our own times and Food in Antiquity investigates some of the ways in which food and eating shaped the lives and thoughts of the indigenous peoples of the ancient Mediterranean. In this volume thirty contributors consider aspects of food and eating in the Greco-Roman world. This is the most comprehensive exploration of questions relating to food in antiquity in this country. The authors, some specialists in this field, others with expertise in other areas, use a range of approaches to investigate the production and distribution of food, social, religious and political factors, medicine and diet, cultural identity and contrasts with neighbouring cultures, and food in literature. The volume is designed for both Classicists and those interested in the history of food. The aim is both to illuminate and to entertain, and at the same time to remind the reader that the Greeks and Romans were not only philosophers and rulers of empires, they were also peasant farmers, traders and consumers of foods who considered that what and how they ate defined who they were.
Criticality safety calculations for three types of final disposal canisters
Design and equipment for restaurants and foodservice : a management view
Handbook of paper and paperboard packaging technology
Straw, hay & rushes in Irish folk tradition
DIY mason jars : thirty-five creative crafts & Projects for the classic container
"This text shows the reader how to plan and develop a restaurant or foodservice space. Topics covered include concept design, equipment identification and procurement, design principles, space allocation, electricity and energy management, environmental concerns, safety and sanitation, and considerations for purchasing small equipment, tableware, and table linens. This book is comprehensive in nature and focuses on the whole facility--with more attention to the equipment--rather than emphasizing either front of the house or back of the house"--
The organized & inspired scrapbooker
"The Bar and Beverage Book explains how to manage the beverage option of a restaurant, bar, hotel, country club--any place that serves beverages to customers.  It provides readers with the history of the beverage industry and appreciation of wine, beer, and spirits; information on equipping, staffing, managing, and marketing a bar; and the purchase and mixology of beverages.   New topics in this edition include changes to regulations regarding the service of alcohol, updated sanitation guidelines, updates to labor laws and the employment of staff, and how to make your operation more profitable. New trends in spirits, wine, and beer are also covered"--
Phaidon design classics. Volume 1-3
The bar & beverage book
Storing vessels scooped out of wood in the Carpathian basin
Food in antiquity
New relations
Golden Khokhloma : decorative wood painting
Further development of the structure and fabrication of the final disposal canister : fabrication and costs of the canister
Phaidon design classics. Volume one, 001-333
Mechanical analysis of cylindrical part of canisters for spent nuclear fuel
The menial art of cooking : archaeological studies of cooking and food preparation
