http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22164 virtuality
virtuality
Web aesthetics : how digital media affect culture and society
Summary: "This book is intended to introduce managers or subject matter experts outside of information technology (IT) to the concepts behind virtualization technology, the different categories of virtualization, and how they are used." -- Preface, p. vii.
Virtual afterlives : grieving the dead in the twenty-first century
Literature review of ecosystem service virtual laboratories
Identification with virtual teams
An evaluation method for virtual learning applications
Love virtually
In-game and out-of-game mourning : on the complexity of grief in virtual worlds
Actor-spectator in a virtual reality arts play : towards new artistic experiences in between illusion and reality in immersive virtual environments
Managing communication and co-operation in multi-cultural virtual teams
The aim of this thesis was to introduce the current technology that can be used in the virtual reality in education and research at Oulu University of Applied Sciences and explain the construction process of the 3D virtual laboratory to Oulu UAS. The secondary goal was to explain the basic elements that are needed in order to create content in virtual environment and give the basic knowledge for the faculty and students of Oulu UAS of the virtual reality possibilities and equipment that are in use at Oulu UAS. In this thesis some of the various aspects of a virtual reality hardware and software are analysed in a relation to human senses and the human factors affecting it are explained, since the basic understanding of some aspects of the human physiological and psychological characteristics is required in order to comprehend the virtual reality technology implementation requirements in both the software and hardware. The sources used in this thesis were selected with the criteria how relevant they were in relation to each subject under consideration. The majority of the chosen sources are commonly distinguished and sources without a proper scientific background were avoided as much as possible. In conclusion the results of the construction of Oulu UAS 3D virtual laboratory and the proposals how maintain and improve the competence for the virtual reality use at Oulu UAS are presented.
Two models for managing the virtualisation of construction management firms in the context of Finnish construction markets
Interactive storytelling : First Joint International Conference on Interactive Digital Storytelling, ICIDS 2008, Erfurt, Germany, November 26-29, 2008 : proceedings
Immersed in media : telepresence in everyday life
Digital and other virtualities : renegotiating the image
Globally dispersed team management : research based on interviewing experts in virtual project management
The new digital storytelling : creating narratives with new media
Collaborative design in a virtual learning environment : three design experiments in textile teacher education
Virtual freedom : how to work with virtual staff to buy more time, become more productive, and build your dream business
The modern 3D virtual laboratory at Oulu University of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS)  brings new kind of efficiency to design and engineering. In a virtual environment the  models are in the same scale as in the final building, which helps to understand and  perceive details in a concrete way. The virtual lab creates experiences that also promote  product sale and marketing.
"This book helps institutions and key stakeholders understand the diverse issues surrounding e-learning and virtual campus initiatives and the conditions necessary to achieve greater success and sustainability"--Provided by publisher.
Implementation of Microsoft Office Communicator and its effect to internal communication : case: Mehiläinen Oy
Building a modern 3D virtual laboratory  for user-centric design approaches : case
Windows Server 2012 Hyper-V Installation and Configuration Guide
Virtual classroom in Django web development
HCI beyond the GUI : design for haptic, speech, olfactory, and other nontraditional interfaces
Immersed in illusion : an ecological approach to the virtual set / Katriina Pajunen
SMARTSET : User Requirements Difinition
Active ageing online : interactive distance services for the elderly on Baltic Islands : VIRTU Project 2010–2013
Digitized mourning : virtual memorials and services in the internet
Performing live with virtual musicians
Customized fashion : personalized fashion store service model based on mass customization
Designing globally networked learning environments : visionary partnerships, policies and pedagogies
FutureSelf : reflections on a personal future simulation system
Abstracts in Swedish.
Virtual research environments : from portals to science gateways
Windows server 2008 Hyper-V : insiders guide to Microsoft's Hypervisor
Mediating and remediating death
The rhythmic event : art, media, and the sonic
Digitization of cultural heritage : ViMuseo.fi project : description of PhD project
Second Life in-world travel guide
Great Webinars : how to create interactive learning that is captivating, informative and fun
This thesis bases on the standard project management methods with its characteristics as  well as the structure of a project. This thesis has the aspect of a virtual project leadership.  Virtual projects are more demanding and competences and management skills are required from the project manager.  The thesis studies how virtual projects are lead in case Company X and whether improvement is needed. The goal was to identify possible areas of improvement and suggest solutions for project reporting and for a new project process.  The theoretical background of the thesis comes from project management theories as well as leadership in projects. Based on the theory, theme interviews of the project managers that had previously lead virtual projects were done and the results analyzed and compared to the theoretical background. The interviews showed some development needs in project management as well as reporting and project process.  Classified information is presented in the empirical parts of the thesis as well as appendices which are not published. Key words: project management, leadership, international projects, virtual projects.
The new learning commons where learners win! : reinventing school libraries and computer labs
Windows server 2008 Hyper-V unleashed
Summary
Study of ligand-based virtual screening tools in computer-aided drug design
Mastering Virtual Machine Manager 2008 R2
Advances in occupational, social, and organizational ergonomics
International virtual teams : engineering global success
The force of the virtual : Deleuze, science, and philosophy
PIC cookbook for virtual instrumentation
From the ritual object which functions as a substitute for the dead - thus acting as a medium for communicating with the 'other world' - to the representation of death, violence and suffering in media, or the use of online social networks as spaces of commemoration, media of various kinds are central to the communication and performance of death-related socio-cultural practices of individuals, groups and societies. This second volume of the Studies in death, materiality and time series explores the ways in which such practices are subject to 're-mediation'; that is to say, processes by which well-known practices are re-presented in new ways through various media formats. Presenting rich, interdisciplinary new empirical case studies and fieldwork from the US and Europe, Asia, The Middle East, Australasia and Africa, Mediating and remediating death shows how different media forms contribute to the shaping and transformation of various forms of death and commemoration, whether in terms of their range and distribution, their relation to users or their roles in creating and maintaining communities.
The aim of this thesis was to find out how well Microsoft Office Communicator can help the employees of Mehiläinen Oy and will it change the communication culture within Mehiläinen Oy. Under the scrutiny were also the challenges concerning Mehiläinen Oy's ICT-infrastructure; can Office Communicator be installed on thin client environment. The needed equipment from the end users' point a view was also introduced. One part of the thesis was to install the needed software for the test group and make Office Communicator familiar to the end-users. The workstation installations of Office Communicator were carried out mainly remotely by the author of the thesis. Short introduction to the end-users were given alongside with the installation. The research method used was case study. At the end of the installation project, some of the key persons of the test group were interviewed. The theory covers the challenges of future work place and deals with the fact that work is not tied to a place and time. Also team work is mentioned in the theory, because of the PR-departments role in the OC test group. Based on the experiences of the author and the interviews made to the key persons, the answers to the research problems of the thesis were solved. According to the findings it can be said that the OC has helped the employees of the Mehiläinen Oy. OC instant messaging has had little influence on emails and phone calls. Video Conference calls have not decreased work-related travelling significantly, since teams have used Sonera Anytime con-ference calls before OC. However the interviewees felt that OC Video Conference Calls has made the remote meetings more pleasant and easier to organize. The Office Communicator 2007 client can only be installed on PC or laptop, since all the features were not possible to use in Thin Client. The recommendation for the future is to spread the user group to cover all the laptop and PC users. The Live Meeting client should be taken in use to improve the video conference meet-ings. The possibilities to bring OC part of the Citrix environment should be examined in the future.
Information processing in global virtual NPD projects
The Oxford handbook of music and virtuality
Distrusting educational technology : critical questions for changing times
Defining leadership that fosters creativity in virtual work - descriptive interpretative concept analysis
Augmented virtuality : transforming real human activity into virtual environments
Understanding the older consumers' communication needs in virtual communication
Intercultural competence as a succes factor of virtual multicultural teams : a case study on the team effectiveness of global HR teams
Immersed in illusion : an ecological approach to the virtual set
In knowledge-based economy an increasing amount of work is conducted in projects in dispersed virtual organisational settings. Information is the raw material of virtual knowledge-based project work and therefore an understanding of information processing in virtual NPD (New Product Development) projects is essential. Information processing is particularly crucial for virtual NPD projects, which are typically implemented in demanding, turbulent and complex institutional settings, where they are subject to various challenges caused by cultural, organisational and human factors and where large amounts of information is processed.This multi-disciplinary study combines theories of information processing and trust and knowledge-based view of organisations. Particularly impersonal and interpersonal trust and barriers to information processing are investigated to study organisational capabilities and virtual communication competencies, which can enable information processing in virtual NPD projects. The case organisation was selected for the study because it has a lengthy history of multinational and multisite virtual way of work. Survey questionnaires and semi-structured interviews were employed to gather research data. Focus group interviews and document review were conducted to evaluate the results. Altogether, 11 leaders and 12 expert teams were interviewed at sites in the USA, Finland, China and Poland as well as 7 members from the operative management in USA and Finland.The results of this study enhance the understanding of organisational virtual capabilities and personal virtual communication competencies in virtual NPD project context. The findings indicate that trust is significant and it is clear that both impersonal and interpersonal trust in supporting information processing in projects, are needed. This study also confirms that each phase in virtual project lifecycle has different needs for information processing. Through recognizing virtual communication capabilities in company level and competencies at the personal level, it would be easier to manage information processing in virtual NPD projects. At the personal level, virtual communication competencies are seen to consist of cultural knowledge and sensitivity, company language skills, listening skills, accountability and credibility, mastery in using ICT and e-mail etiquette. The significance of virtual communication capabilities and competencies as part of knowledge management strategies will grow in the future. This dissertation addresses this challenge by providing new practical and theoretical perspectives to enable planning, measuring, training and rewarding from virtual communication competences, and them to be tested in similar constructions in ICT industry or in other organizations to enhance information processing in virtual projects.
Things : religion and the question of materiality
Virtual prototyping in human-machine interaction design
Microsoft virtualization with hyper-V
Researching learning in virtual worlds
Abstracts in Estonian.
Exploring the influence of persuasive reminders and virtual rehearsal on the efficacy of health behavior change support system
Leading effective virtual teams : overcoming time and distance to achieve exceptional results
Leading virtual teams : expert solutions to everyday challenges
Dr. Brewer presents a complete guide to international virtual team communication with the most up-to-date research developments in the engineering workplace on a global scale, and a problem-solving approach to using and communicating in virtual teams. Presents guidelines heavily based on empirical data. Application of virtual team communication guidelines to the field of engineering. Provides strategies and sample projects for teaching.
Heterarchial ontological commitment for leaders to stimulate creativity among virtual workforce
Hyperanimation : digital images and virtual worlds
A quick start guide to cloud computing : moving your business into the cloud
Bitcoin : the future of money?
Virtual social networks : mediated, massive and multiplayer sites
ComEmu : software based solution for creating virtual lab environments
Managing virtual projects : case: Company X
Has the virtual invaded the realm of the real, or has the real expanded its definition to include what once was characterized as virtual? With the continual evolution of digital technology, this distinction grows increasingly hazy. But perhaps the distinction has become obsolete; perhaps it is time to pay attention to the intersections, mutations, and transmigrations of the virtual and the real. Certain it is time to reinterpret the practice and study of music. The Oxford Handbook of Music and Virtuality, edited by Shelia Whiteley and Shara Rambarran, is the first book to offer a kaleidoscope of interdisciplinary perspectives from scholars around the globe on the way in which virtuality mediates the dissemination, acquisition, performance, creation, and reimagining of music. The Oxford Handbook of Music and Virtuality addresses eight themes that often overlap and interact with one another. Questions of the role of the audience, artistic agency, individual and communal identity, subjectivity, and spatiality repeatedly arise. Authors specifically explore phenomena including holographic musicians and virtual bands, and the benefits and detriments surrounding the free circulation of music on the internet. In addition, the book investigates the way in which fans and musicians negotiate gender identities as well as the dynamics of audience participation and community building in a virtual environment. The handbook rehistoricizes the virtual by tracing its progression from cartoons in the 1950s to current industry innovations and changes in practice.
Getting started with Microsoft application virtualization 4.6 : virtualize your application infrastructure efficiently using Microsoft App-V
VIRTUAL CLASSROOM IN DJANGO WEB DEVELOPMENT
How to establish effective team engagement in a virtual multicultural context : a case study of North East regional procurement team of Nokia Siemens Networks
Development of interpersonal relationships in global virtual teams
Common characteristics and attributes of self-managed virtual teams
Virtual Reality Technology and its implementations at Oulu University of Applied Sciences : construction of 3D virtual laboratory
Virtualization : a manager's guide
Virtuality and the art of exhibition : curatorial design for the multimedial museum
Digital art therapy : material, methods and applications
Active ageing online : interactive distance services for the elderly on Baltic Islands : VIRTU project 2010-2013
New fashion and design technologies
For the win
Reframing the value of virtual prototyping : intermediary virtual prototyping : the evolving approach of virtual environments based virtual prototyping in the context of new product development and low volume production
Building the learning commons : a guide for school adminitrators and learning leadership teams : a whole school approach to learning for the future
Low-cost reconfigurable hardware implementation of real-time video stitching
Virtual platform's usability in embedded system's software development
Abstracts in Finnish.
The Oxford handbook of virtuality
Virtual patient encounters : for Henry Stapleton: EMT prehospital care
Continuous use and purchasing behaviour in social virtual worlds
Social computing and virtual communities
Art and the Internet
FabLab : of machines, makers, and inventors
What makes an Indian IT outsourcing company operate succesfully in Finland? : case study: Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. in Finland
Pro Hyper-V
The development process and lifecycle of virtual team : case : TietoEnator / processing & network unit
As the field of digital art therapy rapidly expands, this book guides readers through the many applications of digital media in art therapy. With consideration of professional and ethical issues, expert contributors discuss materials and methods, with case examples to show how digital art therapy works in practice.
Creating 3D projection on tangible objects
Online worlds : convergence of the real and the virtual
A manager's guide to virtual teams
CNA laboratory enrichment by virtualization
Institutional transformation through best practices in virtual campus development : advancing e-learning policies
Materiality
Virtual worlds, real libraries : librarians and educators in Second Life and other multi-user virtual environments
Challenges for virtual teams in voluntary organizations
