http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22138 phonotactics
phonotactics
"This volume presents a series of original papers focusing on phonological argumentation, set within the framework of Optimality Theory. It contains two major sections: chapters about the evidence for and methodology used in discovering the bases of phonological theory, i.e., how constraints are formed and what sort of evidence is relevant in positing them; and case studies that focus on particular theoretical issues within Optimality Theory, usually through selected phenomena in one or more languages, arguing in favor of or against specific formal analyses." -- Publisher's description.
The non-initial-syllable vowel reductions from Proto-Uralic to Proto-Finnic
A computer representation of articulatory gestures related to word phonotactics and speech sound classes
Phonological argumentation : essays on evidence and motivation
Phonotactic complexity of Finnish nouns
Phonological architecture : a biolinguistic perspective
Vowel patterns in language
Finnish sound structure : phonetics, phonology, phonotactics and prosody
On the chronology of a dialectal feature
Finnish medial clusters of two consonants : phonotaxis and history
Phonotactics and Estonian etymology
On Proto-Ugric phonotactics
Proto-phonotactics : phonotactic investigation of the PU and PFU consonant system : (on the basis of the Uralisches etymologisches Wörterbuch)
"Linguists researching the sounds of languages do not just study lists of sounds but seek to discover generalizations about sound patterns by grouping them into categories. They study the common properties of each category and identify what distinguishes one category from another. Vowel patterns, for instance, are analysed and compared across languages to identify phonological similarities and differences. This original account of vowel patterns in language brings a wealth of cross-linguistic material to the study of vowel systems and offers new theoretical insights. Informed by research in speech perception and production, it addresses the fundamental question of how the relative prominence of word position influences vowel processes and distributions. The book combines a cross-linguistic focus with detailed case studies. Descriptions and analyses are provided for vowel patterns in over 25 languages from around the world, with particular emphasis on minor Romance languages and on the diachronic development of the German umlaut." --Publisher's website.
The handbook of phonological theory
Consonant clusters in Finnish, Estonian and Hungarian
Learner knowledge of target phonotactics : judgments of French word transformations
The distance between the Finno-Ugric languages derived on the basis of disribution of consonantal group patterns in their speech chains
