http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22139 recovery policy
recovery policy regeneration policy
Boulevard of broken dreams : why public efforts to boost entrepreneurship and venture capital have failed and what to do about it
A European economic recovery plan : annual country assessments : Lisbon strategy for growth and jobs
Restoring financial stability : how to repair a failed system
A European economic recovery plan : detailed overview of progress across the EU in the specific macro- and micro-economic as well as the employment areas : Lisbon strategy for growth and jobs
Language policy and social reproduction : Ireland 1893-1993
Music endangerment : how language maintenance can help
From the former Treasury Secretary, the definitive account of the unprecedented effort to save the U.S. economy from collapse in the wake of the worst global financial crisis since the Great Depression.
This paper presents the results of an analytical project on the methodology for assessing and monitoring anti-crisis measures taken by the government of the RF. The paper is based on an analysis of about 100 measures in support of Russia.s real economy that were initiated in October 2008 . March 2009. Within the scope of this analysis, we singled out the main beneficiaries by industry and the size of enterprise, and estimated the effects of the measures underway in the crisis phase and in the phase of a return to economic growth. The paper also gives an account of the major risks the Russian government will face in putting into practice the measures supporting the real economy, and reveals the key problems and inconsistencies of the anti-crisis program. Key words: Russia, anti-crisis measures, economic policy, state subsidies, fiscal policy..
Urban neighborhoods in a new era : revitalization politics in the postindustrial city
The New Deal in South Florida : design, policy and community building, 1933-1940
Endangered languages : beliefs and ideologies in language documentation and revitalisation
A European economic recovery plan : Lisbon strategy for growth and jobs
A new world economic order : overhauling the global economic governance as a result of the financial crisis, 2008–2009
New public-private partnerships for research in the manufacturing, construction and automotive sectors : European PPP research supports economic recovery : progress report: July 2011
Assessment of policy measures to support Russia's real economy
Stress test : reflections on financial crises
The body economic : eight experiments in economic recovery, from Iceland to Greece
End this depression now!
Essays on higher moments in macroeconomics and finance
Official status as a tool of language revival? : A study of the language laws in Russia's Finno-Ugric republics
New public-private partnerships for research in the manufacturing, construction and automotive sectors : European PPP research supports economic recovery. Progress report: July 2010
Ainu minzoku no fukken : senju minzoku to kizuku arata na shakai = Restoration of the Ainu as an indigenous people: building a japanese society in solidarity with the Ainu
European PPP research supports economic recovery : new public-private partnerships for research in the manufacturing, construction and automotive sectors
