http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22140 functional grammar
functional grammar
Linguistics : an introduction
Expression of aspectual meanings in Finnish and Estonian
Once upon a time in America : a systemic functional analysis of American identity in the inauguration addresses of John F. Kennedy and Barack Obama
The function and use of to and of in multi-word units
New developments in systemic linguistics. Vol. 1, Theory and description
Appraisal and modality in EFL textbook texts introducing English speaking countries to Finnish children : a comparison of 1966 and 2006
Transitivity in Eastern Mansi : an information structural approach
The lexicogrammar of adjectives : a systemic functional approach to lexis
Readings in systemic linguistics
Functionalism and formalism in linguistics. Vol. 2, Case studies
Functional grammar : aspect and aspectuality : tense and temporality : essays in honour of Alexander Bondarko
In this comprehensive presentation of functional discourse grammar, the authors set out its nature and origins and show how it relates to contemporary linguistic theory. They demonstrate and test its explanatory power and descriptive utility against linguistic facts from over 150 languages.
The function of the predicate in the fables of Krylov : a text-grammatical study
Terms and systemic linguistics : a guide to Halliday
Fully updated and revised, this fourth edition of Halliday's Introduction to Functional Grammar explains the principles of systemic functional grammar, enabling the reader to understand and apply them in any context. Halliday's innovative approach of engaging with grammar through discourse has become a phenomenon in linguistics. Updates to the new edition include: Recent uses of systemic functional linguistics to provide further guidance for students, scholars and researchers More on the ecology of grammar, illustrating how each major system serves to realise a semantic system A systematic indexing and classification of examples More from corpora, thus allowing for easy access to data Extended textual and audio examples and an image bank available online at www.routledge.com/cw/halliday Halliday's Introduction to Functional Grammar, Fourth Edition, is the standard reference text for systemic functional linguistics and an ideal introduction for students and scholars interested in the relation between grammar, meaning and discourse.
Ins and outs of the predication
Exploring English grammar : from formal to functional
The origins of the western Uralic s-cases revisited: historiographical, functional-typological and Samoyedic perspectives
Aspects of functional sentence perspective in contemporary English news and academic prose
System and function in language : selected papers
Functional English grammar : an introduction for second language teachers
Functionalism and formalism in linguistics. Vol. 1, General papers
Preferred argument structure : grammar as architecture for function
A theory of syntax for systemic functional linguistics
Terms in systemic linguistics : a guide to Halliday
Argument structure and grammatical relations : a crosslinguistic typology
The language of schooling : a functional linguistics perspective
The dynamics of language : an introduction. Vol. 35, The dynamics of language : an introduction
Way into systemic functional grammar
System and corpus : exploring connections
Noun Declension Tables : Hungarian
The functional analysis of English : a Hallidayan approach
An introduction to systemic functional linguistics
Studies in functional grammar
"Island nation seeks calmer currents and shining stars" : immigration discourse in the British press during the general election of 2010
Grammatical relations
Discourse and pragmatics in functional grammar
Language and function : to the memory of Jan Firbas
Continuum companion to systemic functional linguistics
A case grammar of Hindi : [with a special reference to the causative sentences]
Transitivity in Eastern Mansi : an Information structural approach
Function and context in linguistic analysis : a festschrift for William Haas
English passive structures and the use of theta theory
Grammatical roles and relations
Introducing functional grammar
Case, typology and grammar : in honor of Barry J. Blake
Grammatical form and grammatical meaning : a tagmemic view of Fillmore's Deep structure case concepts
The theory of functional grammar. Part 1, The structure of the clause
Casebook in functional discourse grammar
Functional syntax : anaphora, discourse and empathy
Functional approaches to language, culture and cognition : papers in honor of Sydney M. Lamb
Constructing a lexicon of English verbs
Invitation to systemic functional linguistics through the Cardiff grammar : an extension and simplification of Halliday's systemic functional grammar
Argument structure and syntactic relations : a cross-linguistic perspective
Systemic functional linguistics and literary analysis : a Hallidayan approach to Joyce, a Joycean approach to Halliday
Advances in functional grammar
Relations and functions within and around language
Text and context in functional linguistics
"The approach taken in this book overcomes the distinction between theoretical and applied linguistics. The description of grammar is grounded in a comprehensive theory, but it is a theory that evolved in the process of being applied, making this an introduction for all students and scholars interested in the relation between grammar, meaning and discourse."--BOOK JACKET.
A euro for your thoughts : a case study of EU-related reporting and ideology in The Daily Telegraph and The Guardian
Applying English grammar : functional and corpus approaches
Prototypical transitivity
Linguistic studies of text and discourse
An introduction to functional grammar
The guidance of cognitive processes toward cohesion in writing: teaching the extended definition
"Self-discipline strategies were easy to design but difficult to adhere to" : a usage-based study of the tough construction in English
Outlines of a Hungarian-English case grammar
17th Scandinavian conference of linguistics. Vol. 2
This book provides a basic introduction to systemic functional linguistics in the context of English: it presents the principles of Hallidayan approach to language study and introduces, in an explanatory way, a set of techniques for the grammatical analysis of English. It includes an overview of applications of functional grammar to show the practical importance of linguistic theory and analysis in relation to issues in education and society, and explains the place Halliday and his school have in the history of linguistics. Linguistic terms are clearly explained and illustrated with authentic examples of English from a wide variety of sources, including scientific and technical texts.Used either in combination with Halliday's An Introduction to Functional Grammar or as a stand-alone text, The Functional Analysis of English will be suitable for anyone appraching Hallidayan linguistics for the first time.
This accessible introduction to multimodality illuminates the potential of multimodal research for understanding the ways in which people communicate. Readers will become familiar with the key concepts and methods in various domains while learning how to engage critically with the notion of multimodality. The book challenges widely held assumptions about language and presents the practical steps involved in setting up a multimodal study, including: formulating research questions, collecting research materials, assessing and developing methods of transcription considering the ethical dimensions of multimodal research. A self-study guide is also included, designed as an optional stand-alone resource or as the basis for a short course.
Functions of style
The theory of functional grammar. Part 2, Complex and derived constructions
Left dislocation in English : a functional-discoursal approach
New perspectives on case theory
Extended axiomatic linguistics
Functional explanations in linguistics
"The highly frequent word items TO and OF are often conceived merely as prepositions, carrying little meaning in themselves. This book disputes that notion by analysing the usage patterns found for OF and TO in different sets of text corpora. Looking at historical roots and earlier corpus linguistic research, this study demonstrates that both OF and TO have clear semantic and pragmatic functions. The book analyses corpora from three types of text: spoken, semi-prepared spoken such as speeches, and written fiction to explore how the two words are used in English overall and what genre-specific characteristics stand out"--
Expecting the unexpected : exceptions in grammar
Getting started with functional grammar
Halliday's introduction to functional grammar
Introducing multimodality
Reconnecting language : morphology and syntax in functional perspectives
Using functional grammar : an explorer's guide
Form and meaning in language. 1, Papers on semantic roles
A systemic functional grammar of French : from grammar to discourse
17th Scandinavian conference of linguistics. Vol. 1
Functional discourse grammar : a typologically-based theory of language structure
Functional sentence perspective in written and spoken communication
Patterns of stance taking : negative yes/no interrogatives and tag questions in American English conversation
Language form and language function
Functional studies in language and literature
Perspectives on functional grammar
Current trends in contrastive linguistics : functional and cognitive perspectives
English tense and aspect in Halliday's systemic functional grammar : a critical appraisal and an alternative
Grammatical metaphor : views from systemic functional linguistics
A Cognitive-functional approach to nominalization in English
Grammar practical & easy : Hungarian
Case and other functional categories in Finnish syntax
Syntax : a functional-typological introduction. Vol. 1
Firbasian non-thematic layers in paragraphs and beyond : (a study in functional sentence perspective, syntactic, semantic and pragmatic paragraphs, and communicative strategy in fiction)
Modern grammars of case : a retrospective
