http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22184 fish stock management
fish stock management management of the stock of fish
Marine fisheries ecology
Report of and the papers presented at the Expert Consultation on Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing : Sydney, Australia, 15-19 May 2000.
Management techniques for elasmobranch fisheries
A socioeconomic cost-benefit analysis of the use of glass eel
The plan of water and water ecosystem protection for Lake Karelian Pyhäjärvi
Fishery in open waters
Theoretical ecology : principles and applications
Reproduction of West-Nordic Greenland halibut : studies reflecting on maturity, fecundity, spawning and TEP
Columbia River salmon and steelhead : proceedings of a symposium held in Vancouver, Washington, March 5-6, 1976
Strengthening regional fisheries management organisations
Life of Lake Vesijärvi : from successful biomanipulation to sustainable management
International fisheries management
Management of fisheries on Lake Tanganyika : challenges for research and the community
Lake Pyhäjärvi, in Karelia, is an oligotrophic transboundary lake between Finland and Russia. It is a valuable clear water lake for fishing, recreation, research and nature protection. It belongs to several local and national monitoring programmes. The lake is loaded mainly by non-point sources such as forestry and agriculture. The anthropogenic impact is evident on the Finnish side, whereas the Russian side is considered almost pristine. The lake is very vulnerable to changes. Deterioration of water quality was noticed in the 1980's. The water conservation done in 1990's improved the water quality. Water protection is still needed at the lake, but it requires cooperation between authorities, local people, doers and industries. This report introduces the lake and its catchment, summarises the land use, loading sources and quantity of the load and presents the present state of the lake. In the end are introduced the water protection measures of different fields usable at Lake Pyhäjärvi.
Aquatic telemetry : advances and applications : proceedings of the Fifth Conference on Fish Telemetry held in Europe, Ustica, Italy, 9-13 June 2003
Salmonid fisheries : freshwater habitat management
Research implications of adopting the precautionary approach to management of tuna fisheries
Case studies in fisheries conservation and management : applied critical thinking and problem solving
Fish communities in South-Finnish lakes and their responses to biomanipulation assessed by experimental gillnetting
Report and documentation of the International Workshop on Factors Contributing to Unsustainability and Overexploitation in Fisheries : Bangkok, Thailand, 4-8 February 2002.
Baltic Sea Trout Workshop = Itämeren meritaimentyöpaja
Management of coregonid fisheries : multiform and multispecies problems
Hydrological and biological responses to forest practices : the Alsea Watershed Study
Fishes and fisheries
Management, co-management or no management? : major dilemmas in southern African freshwater fisheries. 2, Case studies
The Finnish inland fisheries system : the outcomes of private ownership of fishing rights and of changes in administrative practices
Atlantičeskij losos' : bioligiâ, ohrana i vosproizvodstvo = Atlantic salmon : biology, conservation and restoration
Inland fisheries : ecology and management
Sustainable fish production in Lake Nasser : ecological basis and management policy
Marine ranching
Reports from the FSS mini-symposia 2004-2005
Papers presented at the Norway-FAO Expert Consultation on Management of Shared Fish Stocks : Bergen, Norway, 7-10 October 2002.
Selected papers presented at the Workshop on Biological Reference Points : Rome, 20-21 April 2004
Stocking of brown trout (Salmo trutta L.): factors affecting survival and growth
Fish stock assessment manual
Recreational fisheries : management, theory, and application
Report of the Trilateral Workshop on Lanternfish in the Gulf of Oman : Muscat, Oman, 7-9 May 2001.
Report of the Second Meeting of the Planning Group for the Coordination of Acoustic Surveys off Northwest Africa : Dakar, Senegal, 28-29 October 2003 = Rapport de la Deuxième Réunion du Groupe de Planification pour la Coordination des Campagnes Acoustiques au Large de L'Afrique du Nord-Ouest : Dakar, Sénégal, 28-29 october 2003.
Instructor's guide to case studies in fisheries conservation and management : applied critical thinking and problem solving
The economics of ocean ranching : experiences, outlook and theory
Fisheries ecology and management
Managing muskies : a treatise on the biology and propagation of muskellunge in North America : proceedings of an international symposium, held in LaCrosse, Wisconsin, April 4-6, 1984
Review of the state of world marine capture fisheries management : Indian Ocean
Determining the optimal release window for lake-stocked brown trout : interactions between release size, prey availability, predation risks and fishing mortality
Conservation of young fish by management of trawl selectivity
Ecology, fisheries and management of wild brown trout populations in boreal inland waters
Improving trawl selectivity in the Baltic = Utökning av tråselektion i Östersjön
Conservation of Atlantic salmon by supplementary stocking of juvenile fish
Four fish : the future of the last wild food
Scientific papers presented at the Polish-Swedish Symposium on Selectivity Research in the Baltic Sea Area, Gdynia, Poland, March 23-25, 1999
Report of the Norway-FAO Expert Consultation on Management of Shared Fish Stocks : Bergen, Norway, 7-10 October 2002.
Report of the Expert Consultation on Small-scale Fisheries Management in Sub-Saharan Africa : Accra, Ghana, 12-14 December 2001.
