http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22123 creative industries
creative industries
Perceptions of entrepreneurship among future creative professionals : results of a survey for university students in Finland, Estonia and Latvia
Managing creativity : Exploring the paradox
Creative economy and culture in the innovation policy
The role of leadership in fostering creativity
Contemporary society is complex; governed and administered by a range of contradictory policies, practices and techniques. Nowhere are these contradictions more keenly felt than in cultural policy. This book uses insights from a range of disciplines to aid the reader in understanding contemporary cultural policy. Drawing on a range of case studies, including analysis of the reality of work in the creative industries, urban regeneration and current government cultural policy in the UK, the book discusses the idea of value in the cultural sector, showing how value plays out in cultural organizations. Uniquely, the book crosses disciplinary boundaries to present a thorough introduction to the subject.
Change is no stranger to us in the twenty-first century. All of us must constantly adjust to an evolving world, to transformation and innovation. But for many thousands of creative artists, a torrent of recent changes has made it all but impossible to earn a living. A persistent economic recession, social shifts, and technological change have combined to put our artists-from graphic designers to indie-rock musicians, from architects to booksellers-out of work. This book looks deeply and broadly into the roots of the crisis of the creative class in America and tells us why it matters.
Management and creativity : from creative industries to creative management
Designing together : the collaboration and conflict management handbook for creative professionals
The role of creative industries in national innovation system : the creative clusters of Moscow
Culture crash : the killing of the creative class
Venture labor : work and the burden of risk in innovative industries
Summary in Finnish.
"The Creative Capital of Cities challenges the new urban growth concepts of creative industries from a critical urban theory perspective. The author presents both technological creativity in knowledge-intensive industries and artistical creativity in the cultural economy sector in the analysis of the 'creative capital of cities'. Krätke develops a transdisciplinary approach to the analysis of creativity and knowledge generation in an urban context by combining perspectives of economic geography, regional research, and socio-cultural urban studies. Providing deep insights backed up by rigorous empirical analysis, The Creative Capital of Cities reveals the complex relational dimensions of creativity while offering an alternate path to the assessment of urban economic success"--
Entrepreneurship and the creative economy : process, practice and policy
Creative research : the theory and practice of research for the creative industries
Business plan for artist Kal Bansal for the UK market
A textbook of cultural economics
Creative industries : critical readings
Creative industries : colourful fabric in multiple dimensions : yearbook 2009
Becoming professionally literate in the creative industry
Direct copyright revenue streams in creative industries in Finland : an evaluation
Handbook on the digital creative economy
The designer's guide to marketing and pricing : how to win clients and what to charge them
Creative arts marketing
The creative capital of cities : interactive knowledge creation and the urbanization economies of innovation
Creativity, innovation and the cultural economy
Knowledge in the development of economies : institutional choices under globalisation
A handbook of cultural economics
Structural views over 'creative' Helsinki
Summary: "Moeran and Christensen examine evaluative practices in the creative industries by exploring the processes surrounding the conception, design, manufacture, appraisal and use of creative goods. The book describes the editorial choices made by different participants in a 'creative world', as they go about conceiving, composing or designing, performing or making, selling and assessing a range of cultural products. The study draws upon ethnographically rich case studies from companies as varied as Bang and Olufsen, Hugo Boss and Lonely Planet, in order to reveal the broad range of factors guiding and inhibiting creative processes. Some of these constraints are material and technical; others social or defined by aesthetic norms. The authors explore how these various constraints affect creative work and how ultimately they contribute to the development of creativity"--.
New cultural art centres in Moscow and St. Petersburg
This title explores theoretical and conceptual aspects of an evolutionary economic approach to the study of the creative economy.
Theorizing cultural work : labour, continuity and change in the cultural and creative industries
Creative economy report 2008 : the challenge of assessing the creative economy : towards informed policy-making
Creative labour : media work in three cultural industries
Successful marketing strategies are a vital aspect of any business. This textbook provides students and potential managers in the creative industries with a solid grounding in how to maximize the impact of their marketing efforts across a range of business types in the creative and cultural industries. With a range of learning exercises and real-life examples, this text shows how to create and execute successful marketing plans for creative businesses and is useful for marketing students and practitioners.
Innovation design : creating value for people, organizations and society
Blue book of China's cultural industries : annual report on the development of China's cultural industries
Measuring creativity : proceedings for the conference, "Can creativity be measured?" Brussels, May 28-29, 2009
Direct copyright revenue streams in creative industries in Finland : evaluation model
Creative distraction : the digital transformation of the advertising industry
Managing creative people : lessons in leadership for the ideas economy
Creative graduates creative futures : a major longitudinal study undertaken between 2008 and 2010 of the career patterns of graduates in art, design, crafts and media subjects qualifying in 2002, 2003 and 2004 from 26 UK higher education institutions
Creative, Inc. : the ultimate guide to running a successful freelance business
Marketing strategy for creative and cultural industries
Gender and creative labour
The Oxford handbook of creative industries
Family business internationalization opportunities and obstacles from an entrepreneur's perspective : a case study of the creative industry
Creative industries : Russian profile
Justifying intellectual property
Industry life-cycle theory in the cultural domain : dynamics of the games industry
Bit Bang 5 : changing global landscapes : role of policy making and innovation capability
Creative industries and economic evolution
Cultural industries in Russia : Northern dimension partnership on culture
Casebook : stories about creative economy
Creativity and business workbook : practical tools for business development in the creative sector
Norsa 2010 : the search: Future dynamics of regional development : June 21st-23rd, Seinäjoki, Finland : book of abstracts
Design and creativity : policy, management and practice
"Valley co-creation" - exploring the emergence of a cultural product in an entrepreneur-driven value network : case study : Black Weekend festival
Managing media work
China as an opportunity and a challenge for Western service providers
A complete must-read guide for anyone wanting to turn their hobby, craft or art skills into a successful business. Covering everything you ever wanted to know, Fiona gives clear, simple advice on the importance of identifying markets, focusing on a USP, assessing the competition, making sure the price is right and setting goals. The book includes sections on product photography, branding. and legal matters. The book has particular emphasis on online selling, with detailed information on markets, blogging, using social media and the importance of analytics and SEO (search engine optimisation). Information on offline selling is included too, with notes on on selling at craft fairs, trade fairs and markets, selling through retail outlets, running courses and workshops, and featuring work in the media.
The creative industries : culture and policy
Exploring creativity : evaluative practices in innovation, design and the arts
Summary and discussion.
The career guide for creative and unconventional people
State support for digital content creation in Finland : evaluation of the DigiDemo programme in 2003-2006
Design management for architects
Key concepts in creative industries
Four stories of superwomen : manifestations of feminine charasteristics in succesful leading of animation productions
Economic contribution of copyright-based industries in Finland 2005-2008
Pioneering minds worldwide : on the entrepreneurial principles of the cultural and creative industries
Craft a creative business : making & marketing a successful creative business
Handbook of cultural and creative industries in China
The technological explosion and free access to information have transformed our world in something very different than even ten years ago. An immense surge of creativity has imbued our lives from technology to entertainment, thus allowing the creative industries to develop at a fast pace. But what is required from a professional working in the creative industry today to be successful, and how to become one? To answer this question, a qualitative research was conducted in the field of design, animation and games, which uncovered that what defines professional literacy today besides knowledge are endurance in face of change, self-reliance, intellectual curiosity, motivation, versatility, a desire to learn new things, a can-do attitude and an ability to communicate across a wide range of tools and specialties. These skills are built and maintained through continuous learning, which can become challenging if not done correctly. The good news is that learning itself is a skill that can be cultivated so that when implemented the right way it is productive and satisfying. The paper presents the latest findings about how learning can become a rewarding and successful lifelong endeavour. Lastly, the validity of those conclusions was tested in practice through a personal learning project of creating a 3D animation. The practical implementation confirmed that if the terms required for a successful outcome are in place and the learning methods applied consistently, the desired goal can be reached through a fulfilling and exciting learning experience.
Creative Industries and Economic Evolution
This book discusses creative industries from the perspectives of economics, management, psychology, law, geography, and policy. The book combines views on how creativity is turned into economic, business and social value, as well as contemporary trends, digital technologies and creative industries in emerging economies such as China and India
Creative entrepreneurs' perceptions about entrepreneurial education : Creative Entrepreneurship Training Network -project
Managing the design process : implementing design : an essential manual for the working designer
Creative industries in China : art, design and media
Cultural policy : management, value and modernity in the creative industires
Developing the business practices of an SME operating in the music service industry : a perspective on organic growth and development as led by the owner-manager
Economic contribution of copyright-based industries in Finland 2009-2012
Idea and innovation management - and leadership
Managing the creative chaos : processes to the rescue at Parcero Marketing Partners Oy
Journalism in change : journalistic culture in Poland, Russia and Sweden
Entrepreneurship for the Creative and Cultural Industries
Creating a life worth living : a practical course in career design for aspiring writers, artists, filmmakers, musicians, and others who want to make a living from their creative work
Exploring the organizing of work for creative individuals : the paradox of art and business in creative industries
Using the unused : spaces for Aalto University's creative community
Creativity and the global knowledge economy
The ERIBA model : an effective and successful policy framework for the creative industries
This plan will present an important tool to its end-user artist Kal Bansal and to the author of this thesis. The plan is also a tool for the end users for assessing the creative industry and the buyer behavior of the customers. Secondly, the plan is needed to prove that the business idea is viable and to obtain financial resources. The aims are to utilise the plan and continue the business based on this framework at the beginning of year 2012. The theoretical framework of this thesis is about researching internal and external environments where this business operates. PEST and SWOT analyses were conducted. The focus is in business plan and its content. The study was carried out by phone interviews to the existing customers. The research methodology was qualitative. In addition, data was collected through interviews with the artist to understand the past and present situations of the business. Project implementation started with the customer research and continued with a thorough research interviews with the business Kal Bansal. The business plan evolved around these customer segments and it has helped the to establishe the framework in this business plan. The business plan suggested that there is a realistic opportunity for a profitable business in Artistic Solutions. The results suggest that there needs to be focus in every aspect of the business operations.
Sustainable welfare in a regional context
The Routledge companion to labor and media
