http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22188 self-regulation (control)
self-regulation (control)
Proactive law : insights to theory and practice
The open corporation : effective self-regulation and democracy
Structures of counselling interaction : a conversation analytic study of counselling encounters in career guidance training
Marketing food to children and adolescents : a review of industry expenditures, activities, and self-regulation
Lex Mercatoria and harmonization of contract law in the EU
Utilising student profiles in mathematics course arrangements
Socially shared regulation of motivation and emotions in collaborative learning
Thermal modelling of water-based floor heating systems : supply temperature optimisation and self-regulating effects
Engaging and innovative, User Generated Law offers a new perspective on the study of intellectual property law. Shifting research away from the study of statutory law, contributions from leading scholars explore why and how self-regulation of intellectual property rights in a knowledge society emerges and develops. Analysing examples of self-regulation in the intellectual property law-based industries such as collective management of copyrights and patent rights, open source licences, domain name law and enforcement of intellectual property rights, this book evaluates to what extent user generated law is an accurate model for explaining and understanding this process. It also considers its interaction with the framework conditions of the statutory law upon which it is built and the subsequent redefinition of legal positions for affected parties. With its original stance on understanding and construing intellectual property law, User Generated Law will appeal to students and scholars studying in this area as well as in legal governance and legal theory. Its evaluative approach also lends itself to policy makers and practitioners.--R©♭sum©♭ de l'©♭diteur.
Mikä osa yleisöllä? : viestintäoikeuden vuosikirja 2007 = Yearbook of communication law 2007 = Jahrbuch für Kommunikationsrecht 2007.
Media accountability in Tanzania's multiparty democracy : does self-regulation work?
Permaculture : principles & pathways beyond sustainability
Changing forms of legal and non-legal institutions and new challenges for the legislator : International Conference on Legislative Studies in Helsinki 2008
Seal of approval : the history of the comics code
Environmental governance in Europe : a comparative analysis of new environmental policy instruments
Interpersonal Regulation of Learning and Motivation is the first book in the field to focus on major methodological advances in research on interpersonal regulation and motivation in learning. Interest in developing ways of capturing the dynamics of interpersonal regulation of learning and motivation in real-life activities is growing rapidly. Understanding the dynamics of learning and motivation in groups is particularly timely given the increased use of collaborative learning activities in schools and university settings, as well as through face-to-face and computer supported collaborative learning (CSCL) environments. While groups and collections of individuals in social interaction are expected to bring their own motivations and goals to the learning situations, it is also assumed that these are further shaped through interaction, as the group activity evolves. Research methodology publications in the field of learning, regulation and motivation are still dominated by a focus on the individual. The study of collaborative learning at both conceptual and methodological level has not incorporated the significance of social regulatory processes of learning and motivation. This is a new development in the field and one covered by this book. Areas covered include: - Meta-cognition and collaborative learning - Self and co-regulation - Teacher-Student interaction - Interpersonal learning and achievement - Motivation, identity and learning Interpersonal Regulation of Learning and Motivation brings together the work of scholars who have been studying interpersonal regulation of learning and motivation at the boundaries of the individual and the social, and who have made original methodological contributions to the study of interactive learning environments"-- Provided by publisher.
Regulation of global value chains : examining corporate social responsibility and proactive law.
The problem with banks
Has the developing world developed modern concepts of stress? Are coping methods the same around the globe? Such questions are not simple to answer, and until recently, few knew to ask them. In recent years, Western psychologists have recognized that their prevailing views of psychology do not always translate worldwide, and that no culture has a monopoly on either stress or coping. "The Handbook of Multicultural Perspectives on Stress and Coping" was created to address this realization. This unique volume moves beyond simple comparisons of behaviors in other countries by clarifying critical concepts in stress and coping, analyzing and synthesizing vast amounts of global data, and identifying constructs and methodologies necessary for meaningful cross-cultural research. An international, multiethnic panel of forty-five contributors presents elegant studies of stress, survival, and resilience as cultures evolve and countries interact, including: personal transformation as a coping strategy; psychological skills that enhance intercultural adjustment; individual versus collectivist values in coping; and Buddhist and Taoist traditions in coping. It provides details about the cumulative effects of historical, environmental, and political stressors on nations in the Middle East - Specific cross-cultural perspectives, from Latino-American families to Canadian aboriginal peoples to minority university students. The editors have assembled a vital store of knowledge, raising crucial implications for clinicians working with immigrant/international populations, and evaluating the current state of theory, research, and assessment. The Handbook documents major steps toward scientific advancement, and human understanding.
Handbook of multicultural perspectives on stress and coping
Interpersonal regulation of learning and motivation : methodological advances
Euthanasia and law in the Netherlands
User generated law : re-constructing intellectual property law in a knowledge society
