http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p221 view of life
view of life
You are the universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
Philosophers who believe : the spiritual journeys of 11 leading thinkers
Pilgrim at Tinker Creek
The quest for meaning
The faith of William Shakespeare
Zero times infinity
The collected shorter writings of James I. Packer. Vol. 2, Serving the people of God
Diversity and pluralism in Islam : historical and contemporary discourses amongst muslims
Social intelligence : the new science of human relationships
The wisdom of the overself
William Shakespeare stills stands head and shoulders above any other author in the English language, a position that is unlikely ever to change. Yet it is often said that we know very little about him – and that applies as much to what he believed as it does to the rest of his biography. Or does it? In this authoritative new study, Graham Holderness takes us through the context of Shakespeare’s life, times of religious and political turmoil, and looks at what we do know of Shakespeare the Anglican. But then he goes beyond that, and mines the plays themselves, not just for the words of the characters, but for the concepts, themes and language which Shakespeare was himself steeped in – the language of the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer. Considering particularly such plays as Richard ll, Henry V, The Merchant of Venice, Measure for Measure, Hamlet, Othello, The Tempest and The Winter’s Tale, Holderness shows how the ideas of Catholicism come up against those of Luther and Calvin; how Christianity was woven deep into Shakespeare’s psyche, and how he brought it again and again to his art.
Unification and marginalisation of young people
Religio et bibliotheca : festskrift till Tore Ahlbäck 14.3.2001
Existential questions in early youth and adolescence
Hidden worlds : travel into inner space
Becoming Wise : An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living
Love in the time of cholera
Young, gifted and spiritual - the case of Finnish sixth-grade pupils
The blind man's garden
Cultural rhythms in emotions, narratives and dance
The future of humanity : conversations with Dr. David Bohm
The celestine vision : living the new spiritual awareness
Existential issues in palliative care
The meaning of life among secondary school pupils : a theoretical framework and some initial results
First and last things
Culture and customs of Nigeria
Educating for intelligent belief or unbelief
A brief history of thought : a philosophical guide to living
The mewe generation : what business and politics must know about the next generation
The Brothers Karamazov. 2
The 100 thing challenge : how I got rid of almoust everything, remade my life, and regained my soul
Engaging global issues from a Buddhist perspective: an alternative worldview moving from a cartesian self towards a no-self
Social intelligence  : [the new science of human relationships
Conscientious objection in health care : an ethical analysis
The systems view of life : a unifying vision
Songs of the earth : a timeless collection of native American wisdom
The good, the true and the beautiful : a quest for meaning
Critical theory : an approach to the study of consensus in advanced societies
The Sunset Limited
A force for good : the Dalai Lama's vision for our world
"The question of what living is for - of what one should care about and why - is the most important question a person can ask. Yet under the influence of the modern research ideal, our colleges and universities have expelled this question from their classrooms, judging it unfit for organized study. In this book, Tony Kronman explores why this has happened and calls for the restoration of life's most important question to an honored place in higher education. The author contrasts an earlier era in American education, when the question of the meaning of life was at the center of instruction, with our own times, when this question has been largely abandoned by college and university teachers. In particular, teachers of the humanities, who once felt a special responsibility to guide their students in exploring the question of what living is for, have lost confidence in their authority to do so. And they have lost sight of the question itself in the blinding fog of political correctness that has dominated their disciplines for the past forty years." "Yet Kronman sees a readiness for change - a longing among teachers as well as students to engage questions of ultimate meaning. He urges a revival of the humanities' lost tradition of studying the meaning of life through the careful but critical reading of great works of literary and philosophical imagination. And he offers here the charter document of that revival."--BOOK JACKET.
Religion, reality, and a good life : a philosophical approach to religion
Kurt Hahn's schools & legacy : to discover you can be more and do more than you believed : the story of one of the 20th century's most innovative and inspiring educators
Professors who believe : the spiritual journeys of Christian faculty
Faith and will : voluntariness of faith in contemporary analytic theistic philosophy of religion
On the meaning of life
Recognizing the non-religious : reimagining the secular
Worldview : the history of a concept
What's it all about? : philosophy and the meaning of life
The challenge of change : A biographical film of J. Krishnamurti
Scaling of optimism and pessimism about the global future
What are the arguments for and against religion and religious belief--all of them--right across the range of reasons and motives that people have for being religious, and do they stand up to scrutiny? Can there be a clear, full statement of these arguments that once and for all will show what is at stake in this debate? Equally important: what is the alternative to religion as a view of the world and a foundation for morality? Is there a worldview and a code of life for thoughtful people--those who wish to live with intellectual integrity, based on reason, evidence, and a desire to do and be good--that does not interfere with people's right to their own beliefs and freedom of expression?In The Case Against Religion, Anthony Grayling offers a definitive examination of these questions, and an in-depth exploration of the humanist outlook that recommends itself as the ethics of the genuinely reflective person.
"The subject of this book is conscientious objection in health care and the principal aim is to provide an ethical analysis of conscience-based refusals by physicians, nurses, and pharmacists. Before considering ethical issues, however, it is essential to understand what conscientious objection is, which calls for conceptual analysis. A person engages in an act of conscientious objection when she refuses to perform an action, provide a service, and so forth on the grounds that doing so is against her conscience. In the context of health care, physicians, nurses, and pharmacists engage in acts of conscientious objection when they: 1) refuse to provide legal and professionally accepted goods or services that fall within the scope of their professional competence, and 2) justify their refusal by claiming that it is an act of conscience or is conscience-based"--Provided by publisher.
In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions: What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives.
Volunteerism as a mirror of individuals and society : reflections from young adults in Finland
The extraordinary journey of the fakir who got trapped in an Ikea wardrobe
Spook : science tackles the afterlife
Irrational symmetries : the safest place in the world
Rationality and religious commitment
"Straight from Hollywood comes a dynamic business model for building a thriving career without compromising your faith. DeVon Franklin, vice president of production for Columbia Pictures, shares how being bold about his Christian faith while being driven and ambitious has actually worked in his favor to help him excel in a high-profile, fast-paced, competitive industry"--P. [4] of cover.
The Age of Magic
Loneliness of a thousand years : a hymn to life
A guide to the good life  : the ancient art of stoic joy
Einstein meets Magritte : an interdisciplinary reflection on science, nature, art, human action and society. Vol. 4, World views and the problem of synthesis : the yellow book of "Einstein meets Magritte"
Historical archaeologies of cognition : explorations into faith, hope and charity
Education's end : why our colleges and universities have given up on the meaning of life
A significant life : human meaning in a silent universe
Spinoza's concept of emending the intellect : a critical investigation into Spinoza's method of emending the intellect with special reference to the Tractatus de intellectus emendatione
Earth calling : a climate change handbook for the 21st century
The awakening of Miss Prim
A guide to the good life : the ancient art of Stoic joy
Produced by faith : enjoy real success without losing your true self
The quest of the overself
The yellow world : trust your dreams and they'll come true
You are the Universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
The philosophy of Tolkien : the worldview behind The lord of the rings
On the life process among Finnish adolescents : summary report of a longitudinal study
Supporting student's identities and inclusion in minority religious and secular ethics education : a studty on plurality in the Finnish comprehensive school
"In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions : What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives."
Restless : because you were made for more
Waking up : a guide to spirituality without religion
Hagakure : the book of the samurai
Beginning with ourselves in practice, theory, and human affairs
Existential questions and health : research frontlines and challenges
The God argument : the case against religion and for humanism
The Brothers Karamazov. 1
