http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22194 Anglo-Saxons
Anglo-Saxons
Religion, politics and society in Britain 800-1066
The Anglo-Saxon world : an anthology
Two of the Saxon Chronicles : parallel with supplementary extracts from the others. Vol. 2, Introduction, notes, and index
Shakespeare among the courtesans : prostitution, literature, and drama, 1500-1650
Liturgy, architecture, and sacred places in Anglo-Saxon England
Anglo-Saxon verse charms, maxims & heroic legends
Fortifications in Wessex c. 800-1066
The pope's assassin
The industrial arts of the anglo-saxons
Britons and Anglo-Saxons in the early Middle Ages
The Old English Rune poem : a critical edition
The Anglo-Saxon chronicle : a collaborative edition. Vol. 4, MS B : a semi-diplomatic edition with introduction and indices
Viking-age hoards and late Anglo-Saxon coins : a study in honour of Bror Emil Hildebrand's Anglosachsiska mynt
The brand new novel in Bernard Cornwell's number one bestselling series on the making of England and the fate of his great hero, Uhtred of Bebbanburg.
Studies in late Anglo-Saxon coinage : in memory of Bror Emil Hildebrand
The Old English metrical calendar (Menologium)
The archaeology of the Anglo-Saxon settlements
Gods and Settlers is an interdisciplinary study that brings together iconography, literature, history, and religious studies to investigate a unique subset of this sculptural corpus: stone monuments with mythological and heroic iconography of Scandinavian origins. These carvings are particularly interesting because of the ecclesiastical roots of stone sculpture as a mode of artistic expression in England and the undoubtedly Christian context of the majority of the surviving monuments. The first half of the book is a detailed survey of the relevant carvings from northern England and a wide range of textual and visual parallels, together with an investigation of the sources and use of individual heroic and mythological characters and motifs. The second half focuses on the intellectual framework and social context of the artefacts, and presents a new view of these sculptures as cultural documents of the conversion of the Scandinavian settlers of northern England.
Anglo-Saxon appetites : food and drink and their consumption in Old English and related literature
Childhood in Anglo-Saxon England
The Anglo-Saxons
The sword in Anglo-Saxon England
The intellectual foundations of the English Benedictine reform
Textual histories : readings in the Anglo-Saxon chronicle
"Laurence Nowell (1530-c.1750), author of the first dictionary of Old English, and William Lambarde (1536-1601), Nowell's protégé and eventually the first editor of the Old English Laws, are key figures in Elizabethan historical discourses and in its political and literary society. Through their work, the period between the Germanic migrations and the Norman Conquest came to be regarded as a foundational time for Elizabethan England, overlapping with and contributing to contemporary debates on the shape of Elizabethan English language. Their studies took different strategies in demonstrating the role of early medieval history in Elizabethan--even imperial--identity, while in Lambarde's legal writings Old English law codes become identical with the 'ancient laws' that underpinned contemporary common law. Their efforts contradict the assumption that Anglo-Saxon studies did not effectively participate in Tudor nationalism outside of Protestant polemic; instead, it was a vital part of making history 'English'. Their work furthers our understanding of both the history of medieval studies and the importance of early Anglo-Saxon studies to Tudor nationalism"--Provided by publisher.
A guide to Anglo-Saxon sites
The Oxford handbook of Anglo-Saxon Archaeology
Runes and runic inscriptions : collected essays on Anglo-Saxon and Viking runes
The Anglo-Saxon charms : texts in context
Anglo-Saxon graves and grave goods of the 6th and 7th centuries AD : a chronological framework
The Sutton Hoo ship burial : a handbook
Hand-list of Anglo-Saxon non-runic inscriptions
A handbook of Anglo-Saxon food : processing and consumption
Anglo Saxon Northumbria
Anglo-Saxon pottery and the settlement of England
Dying Gods : religious beliefs in Northern and Eastern Europe in the time of Christianisation
The poetic art of Aldhelm
Life and economy at early medieval Flixborough, c. AD 600-1000 : the artefact evidence
Since the early 20th century the scholarly study of Anglo-Saxon texts has been augmented by systematic excavation and analysis of physical evidence - settlements, cemeteries, artefacts, environmental data, and standing buildings. This evidence has confirmed some readings of the Anglo-Saxon literary and documentary sources and challenged others. More recently, large-scale excavations both in towns and in the countryside, the application of computer methods to large bodies of data, new techniques for site identification such as remote sensing, and new dating methods have put archaeology at the forefront of Anglo-Saxon studies. "The handbook of Anglo-Saxon archaeology", written by a team of experts and presenting the results of the most up-to-date research, will both stimulate and support further investigation into those aspects of Anglo-Saxon life and culture which archaeology has fundamentally illuminated. It will prove an essential resourse for our understanding of a society poised at the interface between prehistory and history.
Beyond the Burghal Hidage : Anglo-Saxon civil defence in the Viking age
The material culture of daily living in the Anglo-Saxon world
Klaeber's Beowulf and The fight at Finnsburg
The Blackwell encyclopaedia of Anglo-Saxon England
The vicious Vikings
A corpus of early Anglo-Saxon great Square-Headed Brooches
Northumbria in the days of Bede
The written will in Anglo-Saxon England : an analysis of structural elements and the act of bequeathing
A history of the Anglo-Saxons
The world in the time of Charlemagne 700-900 AD
Northumbria's golden age
Charters of St. Augustine's Abbey, Canterbury and Minster-in-Thanet
The traitors' pit
Britannia - the failed state : ethnic conflict and the end of Roman Britain
The Anglo-Saxons in England : during the early centuries after the invasion
Anglo-Saxon art to A. D. 900
Eschatology and Christian nurture : themes in Anglo-Saxon and medieval religious life
The battle of Maldon : text and translation
Corpus of Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture. Vol. 10, The Western Midlands : Gloucestershire, Herefordshire, Shropshire, Warwickshire and Worcestershire
The Anglo-Saxons : the verdict of history
The Anglo-Saxon period, stretching from the fifth to the late eleventh century, begins with the Roman retreat from the Western worlds and ends with the Norman takeover of England. Between these epochal events, many of the contours and patterns of English life that would endure for the next millennium were shaped. In this authoritative work, Nicholas Higham and Martin Ryan re-examine Anglo-Saxon England in the light of new research in disciplines as wide-ranging as historical genetics, palaeobotany, archaeology, literary studies, art history and numismatics. The result is the definitive introduction to the Anglo-Saxon world, enhanced with a rich array of photographs, maps, genealogies and other illustrations.
The golden age of Anglo-Saxon art 966-1066
Northumbria, 500-1100 : creation and destruction of a kingdom
Rural settlements and society in Anglo-Saxon England
Charters of Shaftesbury Abbey
Carolingian connections : Anglo-Saxon England and Carolingian Francia, c. 750-870
A second handbook of Anglo-Saxon food & drink : production & distribution
The Anglo-Saxon chronicle
The role of art in the late Anglo-Saxon church
The Staffordshire hoard
Beowulf and the Fight at Finnsburg
Dover : the Buckland Anglo-Saxon cemetery
Perceptions of the prehistoric in Anglo-Saxon England : religion, ritual, and rulership in the landscape
Finnish Summary.
Form and content of instruction in Anglo-Saxon England in the light of contemporary manuscript evidence : papers presented at the international conference, Udine, 6-8 April 2006
A handbook of Anglo-Saxon studies
The English and their legacy, 900-1200 : essays in honour of Ann Williams
Anglo-Saxon Northumbria
Ælfric's De temporibus anni
The archaeology of Anglo-Saxon England
Worlds Of Arthur : facts & fictions of the dark ages
Two of the Saxon chronicles : parallel with supplementary extracts from the others. Vol. 2, Introduction, notes, and index
The king's body : burial and succession in late Anglo-Saxon England
The chronicle of John of Worcester. Vol. 2, The annals from 450 to 1066
Anglo-Saxons : studies presented to Cyril Roy Hart
An Anglo-Saxon dictionary based on the manuscript collections of the late Joseph Bosworth : supplement
The origins of Beowulf : from Vergil to Wiglaf
Anglo-saxons and vikings
The new era : the reformation of the late Anglo-Saxon coinage
An introduction to Anglo-Saxon England
Vikings : fear and faith
Two of the Saxon chronicles : parallel with supplementary extracts from the others. Vol. 1, Text, appendices and glossary
Anglo-Saxon church councils c. 650-c. 850
A guide to late Anglo-Saxon England : from Ælfred to Eadgar II, 871-1074 AD
The flame bearer
Families of the king : writing identity in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle
Charters of Selsey
Early medieval studies in memory of Patrick Wormald
Anglo-Saxon art : from the seventh century to the Norman Conquest
Secular learning in Anglo-Saxon England : exploring the vernacular
The Beowulf reader
An Anglo-Saxon and Celtic bibliography (450-1087)
The Anglo-Saxon age : a very short introduction
Dress in Anglo-Saxon England
"Over the last fifty years Ann Williams has transformed our understanding of Anglo-Saxon and Norman society in her studies of personalities and elites. In this collection, leading scholars in the field revisit themes that have been central to her work, and open up new insights into the workings of the multi-cultural communities of the realm of England in the early Middle Ages. There are detailed discussions of local and regional elites and the interplay between them that fashioned the distinctive institutions of local government in the pre-Conquest period; radical new readings of key events such as the crisis of 1051 and a reassessment of the Bayeux Tapestry as the beginnings of the Historia Anglorum; studies of the impact of the Norman Conquest and the survival of the English; and explorations of the social, political, and administrative cultures in post-Conquest England and Normandy. The individual essays are united overall by the articulation of the local, regional, and national identities that that shaped the societies of the period."--Publisher's website.
The medieval life of King Alfred the Great : a translation and commentary on the text attributed to Asser
Sweet's Anglo-Saxon reader in prose and verse
The Elizabethan invention of Anglo-Saxon England : Laurence Nowell, William Lambarde, and the study of Old English
Kingship and consent in Anglo-Saxon England, 871-978 : assemblies and the state in the early Middle Ages
1066 : the year of the three battles
The Anglo-Saxons from the migration period to the eighth century : an ethnographic perspective
Recent excavations in Anglo-Saxon cemeteries in Cambridgeshire & Suffolk
The beginnings of English society
Aspects of anglo-saxon archaeology : Sutton Hoo and other discoveries. Rupert Bruce-Mitford
Desire for origins : new language, old English, and teaching the tradition
The end of Roman Britain
Feasting the wolf
The formation of the English Kingdom in the tenth century
Charters of St. Albans
Anglo-Saxon studies in archaeology and history. 13
The Northern world : the history and heritage of Northern Europe : AD 400-1100
Anglo-Saxon art : a new perspective
The recovery of Old English : Anglo-Saxon studies in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries
Gods and settlers : the iconography of Norse mythology in Anglo-Scandinavian sculpture
Charters of the New Minster, Winchester
The formation of England, 550-1042
The convert kings : power and religious affiliation in early Anglo-Saxon England
The Anglo-Saxon state
The real middle-earth : magic and mystery in the dark ages
The coming of Christianity to Anglo-Saxon England
The Saxons and the Normans
A Gazetteer of Early Anglo-Saxon Burial Sites
The Forum hoard of Anglo-Aaxon coins = Il ripostiglio dell'Atrium Vestae nel Foro romano
The spearheads of the Anglo-Saxon settlements
The preservation and transmission of Anglo-Saxon culture : selected papers from the 1991 Meeting of the International Society of Anglo-Saxonists
Early Anglo-saxon art and archaeology : being the Rhind lectures delivered in Edinburgh 1935
Form and order in the Anglo-Saxon world, AD 600-1100
Charters of Abingdon Abbey. Part 2
Alcuin, friend of Charlemagne : his world and his work
Anglo-Saxon-Irish relations before the Vikings
A catalogue of the anglo-saxon ornamental metalwork 700-1100 : in the department of antiquities, Ashmolean Museum
Le témoignage de la culture matérielle : mélanges offerts au professeur Vera Evison = The evidence of material culture : studies in honour of professer Vera Evison
The Anglo-Saxon world
Anglo-Saxon architecture
The literature of the Anglo-Saxons
Images of community in Old English poetry
Aspects of Anglo-Saxon Magic
Anglo-Saxon England and the continent
The long twelfth-century view of the Anglo-Saxon past
Beowulf and the Grendel-Kin : politics and poetry in eleventh-century England
Roman Britain and Early England 55 BC - AD 871
The dynamics of literacy in Anglo-Saxon England
Anglo-Saxon farms and farming
Corpus of Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture. Vol. 5, Lincolnshire
The Hamwic glass
The early Anglo-Saxon kingdoms of southern Britain, AD 450-650 : beneath the Tribal Hidage
The origins of the Anglo-Saxons
The death of Anglo-Saxon England
The anglo-Saxon literature handbook
