http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22189 post-production
post-production
The videomaker guide to video production
The complete guide to professional wedding photography : creating a more profitable and fulfilling business
Value creation and structural change during the third industrial revolution : the Swedish economy from a vertical perspective
Bioreducer use in blast furnace ironmaking in Finland:techno-economic assessment and CO2 emission reduction potential
The environment has of recent become a major concern of individuals, organisations and the government, unlike the non-challant attitude shown towards it in time past. Various positive actions and moves have been taken which are effectively backed up by laws in ensuring a drastic reduction in the burden placed on it from the daily human activities, most especially in the manufacturing sector. Some of these moves involve the determination of the total effects a good or service has on the environment, which is effectively carried out with the Life Cycle Assessment LCA technique. Umberto software for carbon footprint was used in this study which was aimed at determining the effects of the production, assembly, testing, use, and final disposal or recycling of a Hydraulic Water Pump HWP on the environment. The entire life cycle of the HWP was assessed following the basic LCA process. The HWP that was assessed is one of the numerous products made by company X. The HWP had the highest carbon footprint from the raw materials phase of its life cycle, which was 72,96 kg CO2-eq out of the total 95,78  kg CO2-eq calculated for the five life cycle phases, while the least recorded environmental effect was from its distribution/retail phase of the life cycle, with 0,04 kg CO2-eq.
The independent filmmaker's law and business guide
3:2 : the ontology of photographs in the phase of a new imagination
The visual effects producer : understanding the art and business of VFX
First-time filmmaker F*#-ups : navigating the pitfalls to making a great movie
The complete film production handbook
Suopohjasta uutta voimaa = The after-use alternatives of postharvesting peat production sites
In order to respond to increasing global food demand and provide for national economic growth, the Estonian Dairy Strategy for 2012−2020 aims to achieve a 30% growth in milk production. At the same time, there is a global attempt to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. This paper analyses the medium-term (2015−2020) projections for milk production and associated GHG emissions from dairy cows in Estonia. The FAPRI-GOLD type market model of Estonian agriculture, which is used for projections of agricultural production, was supplemented with a module that helps project GHG emissions. The paper demonstrates the endogenisation of GHG emission factors in a relatively general agricultural market model context. The results imply that increasing milk production by 30% by 2020 would jeopardise Estonia's commitments with regard to agricultural GHG emissions. However, the average GHG emission per tonne of produced milk will decline, thus reducing the “carbon footprint” of milk production.
Making short films : the complete guide from script to screen
Cities and low carbon transitions
Fix it in post : solutions for post production problems
Photoshop for 3d artists. V1 : Enchance your 3D renders! : previz, texturing and post-production
Low carbon Finland 2050 : VTT clean energy technology strategies for society
Visual effects for stereoscopic 3D contents : experiences from the Don't Look Back-project [sic]
Enhancing the film post production workflow
Life cycle assessment of hydraulic water pump
Photoshop for 3D artists. v. 1 : enhance your 3D renders! - previz, texturing and post-production
Measuring sustainable production
Sustainability of palm oil production and opportunities for Finnish technology and know-how transfer
On camera : essential know-how for programme-makers
Voice & vision / a creative approach to narrative film and DV production
Medium-run projections for greenhouse gas emissions arising from agriculture: the case of milk production in Estonia
Bioreducer use in blast furnace ironmaking in Finland : techno-economic assessment and CO2 emission reduction potential
Greenscreen made easy : keying and compositing techniques for indie filmmakers
The water footprint of modern consumer society
The all new print production handbook
Television production
