http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22110 landscape conservation areas
landscape conservation areas landscape management areas
Natural garden style : gardening inspired by nature
Designing sustainable forest landscapes
Inventory of valuable cultural landscapes, nature protection areas and points of historical and cultural value
Management guidelines for semi-natural landscapes : integrating historical perspectives and GIS into planning process
Collaborative governance of tropical landscapes
Multifunctional landscapes. Vol. 3, Continuity and change
Guidelines for landscape ecological planning
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. 2, Väestö. Talous. Liikenne
The role of land/inland water ecotones in landscape management and restoration : a proposal for collaborative resarch
Issues and perspectives in landscape ecology
The forest landscape restoration handbook
Ecosystem management : applications for sustainable forest and wildlife resources
Principles and methods in landscape ecology
Negotiating wilderness in a cultural landscape : predators and Saami reindeer herding in the Laponian world heritage area
Multifunctional landscapes. Vol. 1, Theory, values and history
Wild urban woodlands : new perspectives for urban forestry
Towards the sustainable use of Europe's forests : forest ecosystem and landscape research : scientific challenges and opportunities
The public response to harvest practices in British Columbia at the landscape and stand level
Management of recreation and nature based tourism in European forests
State of the parks in Finland : Finnish protected areas and their management from 2000 to 2005
Managing and designing landscapes for conservation : moving from perspectives to principles
Amenity landscape management : a resources handbook
City meadows : vitality from a living heritage
The design of forest landscapes
Landscape structure and forest dynamics in subcontinental Russian European taiga
Residential landscape sustainability : a checklist tool
" National parks are the places that present ideas of nature to Americans: Zion, Yosemite, Grand Canyon, Yellowstone bring to mind quintessential and awe-inspiring wilderness. By examining how rhetoric--particularly visual rhetoric--has worked to shape our views of nature and the "natural" place of humans, Observation Points offers insights into questions of representation, including the formation of national identity.As Thomas Patin reveals, the term "nature" is artificial and unstable, in need of constant maintenance and reconstruction. The process of stabilizing its representation, he notes, is unavoidably political. America's national parks and monuments show how visual rhetoric operates to naturalize and stabilize representations of the environment. As contributors demonstrate, visual rhetoric is often transparent, structuring experience while remaining hidden in plain sight. Scenic overlooks and turnouts frame views for tourists.Visitor centers, with their display cases and photographs and orientation films, provide their own points of view--literally and figuratively. Guidebooks, brochures, and other publications present still other ways of seeing. At the same time, images of America's "natural" world have long been employed for nationalist and capitalist ends, linking expansionism with American greatness and the "natural" triumph of European Americans over Native Americans.The essays collected here cover a wide array of subjects, including park architecture, landscape painting, public ceremonies, and techniques of display. Contributors are from an equally broad range of disciplines--art history, geography, museum studies, political science, American studies, and many other fields. Together they advance a provocative new visual genealogy of representation.Contributors: Robert M.Bednar, Southwestern U, Georgetown, Texas; Teresa Bergman, U of the Pacific; Albert Boime, UCLA; William Chaloupka, Colorado State U; Gregory Clark, Brigham Young U; Stephen Germic, Rocky Mountain College; Gareth John, St. Cloud State U, Minnesota; Mark Neumann, Northern Arizona U; Peter Peters, Maastricht U; Cindy Spurlock, Appalachian State U; David A. Tschida, U of Wisconsin, Eau Claire; Sabine Wilke, U of Washington. "--
Landscape ecological plan for state-owned forests in Valtimo
The dynamic landscape : design, ecology and management of naturalistic urban planting
Make our cities safe for trees : proceedings of the Fourth Urban Forestry Conference St.Louis, Missouri October 15-19, 1989
Multifunctional landscapes. Vol. 2, Monitoring, diversity and management
Landscape composition and birds in managed boreal forest
Observation points : the visual poetics of national parks
Forest and social services - the role of research : proceedings of IUFRO Research Groups 6.01, 6.11.04 and 6.14 sessions in the XXI IUFRO World Congress 2000, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Wetland ecology and management : case studies
Sustainable landscape management : design, construction, and maintenance
Vision and strategies : via Baltica spatial development zone : final summary report 2000.
Eco-experiential quality of urban forests: Combining ecological, restorative and aesthetic perspectives
Island pastures
Environmental guidelines to practical forest management
Sustainable development in urban design : a northern aspect
Methods for integrating ecological objectives into landscape-level planning of non-industrial private forestry
Outdoor environments for people with dementia
Exploring biological diversity, environment and local people's perspectives in forest landscapes : methods for a multidisciplinary landscape assessment
Landscape : pattern, perception and process
Landscape ecology of a stressed environment
Watershed management : balancing sustainability and environmental change
Planning parks for people
Lost field margins : a study of landscape change in four case areas in Finland between 1954 and 1998
Readings on natural beauty : a selected bibliography
Abstract: Rural landscapes in Finland.
Ecosystem approaches to landscape management in Central Europe
Efficient multifunctional landscape management in the Hovran catchment, Dalarna, Sweden
Indicator species : an important tool when preserving the cultural landscape
The diversity of sacred lands in Europe : proceedings of the third workshop of the Delos initiave : Inari/Aanaar, Finland, 1-3 July 2010
Out of place : restoring identity to the regional landscape
Suomi viherrakentaa 2001 = Finnish landscape architecture 2001
Proceedings of the IIIrd International Conference on Landscape and Urban Horticulture : Nanjing, China, June 29-July 3, 2011
Europe's natural and cultural heritage : the european estate
