http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22187 internment
internment
The internment of civilian and military prisoners became an increasingly common feature of conflicts in the twentieth century and into the twenty-first. Prison camps, though often hastily constructed and just as quickly destroyed, have left their marks in the archaeological record. Due to both their temporary nature and their often sensitive political contexts, places of internment present a unique challenge to archaeologists and heritage managers. As archaeologists have begun to explore the material remains of internment using a range of methods, these interdisciplinary studies have demonstrated the potential to connect individual memories and historical debates to the fragmentary material remains. Archaeologies of Internment brings together in one volume a range of methodological and theoretical approaches to this developing field. The contributions are geographically and temporally diverse, ranging from Second World War internment in Europe and the USA to prison islands of the Greek Civil War, South African labor camps, and the secret detention centers of the Argentinean Junta and the East German Stasi. These studies have powerful social, cultural, political, and emotive implications, particularly in societies in which historical narratives of oppression and genocide have themselves been suppressed. By repopulating the historical narratives with individuals and grounding them in the material remains, it is hoped that they might become, at least in some cases, archaeologies of liberation.
The large-scale internment of civilians and soldiers is one of the defining characteristics of social and military conflict in the modern world. These internment camps, often hastily constructed and just as hastily destroyed after a conflict, create a significant but brief mark on the archaeological record. Due to both their temporary nature and often sensitive political circumstances, internment camps present a unique archaeological challenge. This innovative work explores the specific methods and theoretical approaches involved in the archaeology of internment camps, and presents a rare exploration of previously unexplored and under-explored archaeological sites. The contributions to this work cover international cases including Cold War prisons of eastern Berlin, concentration camps at Auschwitz, Japanese American internment camps in World War II, as well as Northern Ireland, Lapland, The Isle of Man, Argentina, Spain, and Fort Hood, Texas. The diverse set of case studies are thematically linked, resulting in a coherent set of methodologies and approaches. The archaeology of internment is an emergent interest area that builds on well-defined, established, fields of study. In many cases archaeologists are beginning to explore the material remains using the full scope of archaeological methodology, as well as the historical and oral-historical sources that are the privilege of historical archaeologists. These interdisciplinary studies have the unique ability to connect traumatic memories and historical outrages to fragments of material remains. These processes have powerful political, social and affective implications, particularly in societies where amnesia is institutional or where only certain historical narratives are permitted. This archaeology of internment camps puts the people back into the picture, and in so doing, might even become an archaeology of liberation.
Guns of February : ordinary Japanese soldiers' views of the Malayan campaign and the fall of Singapore 1941-42
Art, Literature, and the Japanese American Internment
What did the internment of Japanese Americans mean?
Detention and denial : the case for candor after Guantánamo
Time in the shadows : confinement in counterinsurgencies
The search warrant
Detention of asylum seeking children in the European union : fragment of a crimmigration choreography : a study under Human rights law and Common European asylum system
The hidden history of early childhood education
Archaeologies of internment
Hotel on the corner of Bitter and Sweet : a novel
Detention and confinement—of both combatants and large groups of civilians—have become fixtures of asymmetric wars over the course of the last century. Counterinsurgency theoreticians and practitioners explain this dizzying rise of detention camps, internment centers, and enclavisation by arguing that such actions "protect" populations. In this book, Laleh Khalili counters these arguments, telling the story of how this proliferation of concentration camps, strategic hamlets, "security walls," and offshore prisons has come to be. Time in the Shadows investigates the two major liberal counterinsurgencies of our day: Israeli occupation of Palestine and the U.S. War on Terror. In rich detail, the book investigates Abu Ghraib, Guantánamo Bay, CIA black sites, the Khiam Prison, and Gaza, among others, and links them to a history of colonial counterinsurgencies from the Boer War and the U.S. Indian wars, to Vietnam, the British small wars in Malaya, Kenya, Aden and Cyprus, and the French pacification of Indochina and Algeria. Khalili deftly demonstrates that whatever the form of incarceration—visible or invisible, offshore or inland, containing combatants or civilians—liberal states have consistently acted illiberally in their counterinsurgency confinements. As our tactics of war have shifted beyond slaughter to elaborate systems of detention, liberal states have warmed to the pursuit of asymmetric wars. Ultimately, Khalili confirms that as tactics of counterinsurgency have been rendered more "humane," they have also increasingly encouraged policymakers to willingly choose to wage wars.
Hotel on the corner of bitter and sweet : a novel
The primacy of politics : social democracy and the making of Europe's twentieth century
