http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22195 Picts
Picts
Picts, Gaels and Scots : early historic Scotland
The blood of kings
Pictish progress : new studies on northern Britain in the early Middle Ages
Essays in honour of Peter Crossley-Holland on his sixty-fifth birthday
The fate of Roman Britain is sealed when Caradoc, King of the Dumnonii tribe in Tintagel, meets Flavius Magnus Maximus, one of the most influential Roman officers in Britannia. Their unlikely friendship leads to an ambitious plan to unite the tribal leaders and, once crowned the first High King of the Britons, Maximus casts his eyes on the throne of the Western Roman Empire. Leading a force of brave warriors to Gaul, Maximus is victorious in battle. But it is not long after his return to Britain that hubris gnaws at him once again. Despite Caradoc's pleas to exercise caution, Maximus is determined to march on Rome itself. But who will pay the price for his bloodthirsty quest for power?
A decade has passed since the death of Caradoc, King of the Dumnonii tribe, and his friend, Flavius Magnus Maximus. Britain is battered by Pict invaders, and centurion Constantinus and his legionnaires are fighting them to the death. Maximus's daughter, Lady Severa, holds the key to the throne of the High King of the Britons and when she is threatened with abduction, Constantinus escorts her to the safety of Tintagel. Agreeing to marry her, he is crowned the High King, and Severa bears him two sons, Ambrosius and Uther. But, as the ruler of Britain, Constantinus is poisoned by greed and jealousy, and his thirst for greatness in the Roman Empire will cost him dear...
Shadows over Camelot
'From Caledonia to Pictland' examines the transformation of Iron Age northern Britain into a land of Christian kingdoms, long before 'Scotland' came into existence.
The conversion of Britain : religion, politics, and society in Britain, c. 600-800
South Uist : archaeology and history of a Hebridean island
From Pictland to Alba, 789 - 1070
Asterix and the Picts
The problem of the picts
The poisoned throne
In search of the Picts : a Celtic Dark Age nation
From Caledonia to Pictland : Scotland to 795
The Picts
Scotland, archaeology and early history
The prehistory of Orkney
