http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2211 immediate family
immediate family
Weed flora and weed management of field peas in Finland
Grieving a suicide : a loved one's search for comfort, answers & hope
"I know who killed my son." Molly Rourke's son has been murdered... and she knows who's responsible. Now she's taking the law into her own hands. Never underestimate a mother's love.
On the exploration of mobile technology acceptance among law enforcement officers using structural equation modelling (SEM) : a multi-group analysis of the Finnish police force
The caregiver's tale : loss and renewal in memoirs of family life
Contented dementia : 24-hour wraparound care for lifelong well-being
Sudden Death : a research base for practice
Risk and resilience : adults who were the children of problem drinkers
The visible and invisible family : nurses' perceptions of counselling in day surgical nursing
Family functioning and personality profile in first-episode severe mental disorder
The content of dietary fiber, amino acids, dihydroxyphenols and some macro- and micronutrients in grain of conventionally and organically grown common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet
Summary: Safety and stability in times of war. The relationship between soldiers and their parents.
Al-Anon family groups
The relational self, the social bond and the dynamics of personal relationships : a sociological analysis
The 36-hour day : a family guide to caring for people with Alzheimer disease, other dementias, and memory loss in later life
In the wake of suicide : stories of the people left behind
The secret speech
Caring for someone at home : How to meet the needs of a dependent person and their carer
Supporting traumatic brain injury patients' family members : neurosurgical nurses' evaluations
Homicide : the hidden victims : a guide for professionals
The purpose of this thesis was to produce applicable teaching material about care of Alzheimer patients in the cultural context of Nepal to Nepali nursing students. The aim was to promote the students' understanding of elderly people suffering with Alzheimer's disease (AD) and to help them to provide more individual, specialized and holistic care to the patients and support to the families. The thesis clarifies the concept of Alzheimer's disease and explores ways to treat a demented patient considering the cultural context of Nepal. Characteristics of quality educational material are also defined. The need for this project arouse from discovering the fact that nursing schools in Nepal lack entirely geriatric nursing in their curriculum causing most of the nursing students to be totally ignorant about dementia. The population in Southern Asia is ageing in an increasing rate which induces the incidence of dementia also in Nepal. As the disease progresses the patients with Alzheimer's disease require increasing assistance in every-day activities. Therefore it is important for the relations and carers to have sufficient knowledge about the disease to be able to offer requisite care and support to the patients. The theoretical part of this thesis reflects on the existing literature on quality care of Alzheimer's disease patients and cultural nursing and is the basis of the final product which is in form of a compact booklet. The booklet clarifies with simplified terms the basics of the disease; the nature of Alzheimer's disease, the risk factors, the signs and symptoms and most importantly the care and support of the patient with dementia. The thesis was jointly planned and implemented in cooperation with the leaders of Lalitpur Nursing Campus (LNC) in Nepal and the Alzheimer's Association Nepal (AAN). Further research needs to be executed in Nepal in the area of the prevalence of Alzheimer's disease and the cultural aspects influencing the care of AD patients.
Regional development of anti-discrimination advisory services : experiences from the implementation of advisory services and results on the identification and tackling of discrimination
Treating people with depression : a practical care for primary care
Food safety legislation and control in the Russian federation : practical experiences
Birsieka "The Forgotten" : educative material about care of patients with alzheimer's desease to Nepali nursing students
Weeds in spring cereal fields in Finland - a third survey
Dementia for dummies
Grief : the mourning after : dealing with adult bereavement
Honour killing : stories of men who killed
Summary: Love, suffer and write it down : a study on the care experiences of wives and husbands who have given care to their demented spouses.
Living with mental illness : a book for relatives and friends
Cultures of care : biographies of carers in Britain and the two Germanies
The weed flora in conventionally and organically grown spring cereals was investigated in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009. The survey was conducted in 16 regions, 283 farms and 595 fields (72 organically cropped and 523 conventionally cropped fields, of which 503 were treated with herbicides). The occurrence of weeds was assessed in late July-early August. Altogether 148 weed species were identified, of which 128 were broad-leaved and 20 grass species. In organically cropped fields, the average species number per field was 21 and the most frequent species were Chenopodium album 96%, Stellaria media 94%, Viola arvensis 94% and Elymus repens 89%. In conventionally cropped fields, the average species number was 12 and the most frequent weed species were Viola arvensis 83%, Stellaria media 65%, Galeopsis spp. 59% and Galium spurium 59%. The average density of weeds was 160 m-2 (median = 112) in sprayed conventional fields and 519 m-2 (468) in organic fields. The average air-dry biomass of weeds was 167 kg ha-1 (median = 82) and 775 kg ha-1 (563), respectively. Elymus repens, the most frequent and abundant grass species, produced the highest proportion (about 30%) of the total weed biomass in both cropping systems. The frequency of Galium spurium in conventional cropping and Fumaria officinalis in organic cropping had increased substantially since the previous survey in 1997-1999. The average size of the weed seedbank in the 5 cm surface layer was about 1 700 seeds m-2, the most predominant seeds being of C. album. Although the weed flora in Finnish spring cereal fields consists of numerous species, only a fraction of them severely threaten crop production in terms of their frequency and abundance. Weeds in conventional cropping were effectively controlled with available herbicides whereas weed management in organic cropping calls for urgent measures such as direct mechanical weed control in crop stands, which was not practised at all in survey fields.
The lovely bones : a novel
Cancer nursing : care in context
Living with a black dog
Head injury : a practical guide
Open government data: legal, economical, and semantic web aspects
Earth & ashes
The family support system for the elderly in rural China
Interfaces, Standards and Code lists in Data communication between Authorities : Helsinki–St. Petersburg Smart Transport Corridor
The effects of area and individual social characteristics on suicide risk : a multilevel study of relative contribution and effect modification
Deciphering unwritten rules : patients, relatives and nurses in palliative cancer care
Family work for schizophrenia : a practical guide
The aim of organic agriculture is to produce food of high nutritional quality in sufficient quantity. Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of organic and conventional growing systems on (i) total amounts and supply of N taken up or applied to plants during a five year crop cycle period and (ii) crops total dry matter (DM) yield obtained during same period. The total DM yields from the organic treatments were 25-33% smaller than from the conventional treatments. The ratio of N output/N input was significantly the smallest in the organic treatment with cattle manure, where only 37% of all supplied N was used by plants during the crop cycle period. The organic fertiliser with faster mineralisation rate and splitting the application of organic N during crop cycle period would be more appropriate to supply sufficient quantities of N during rapid plant growth and to obtain higher crop yields in organic farming systems.
When someone you know has dementia : practical advice for families and caregivers
We are all made of stars
Aged care : old policies, new problems
Contents of trichothecenes in oats during official variety, organic cultivation and nitrogen fertilization trials in Finland
Trans forming families : real stories about transgendered loved ones
Management of major accidents : Communication challenges and solutions in the preparedness and response phases for both authorities and companies
Earth and ashes
The messenger
What makes borders real : in the Namibia-Zambia and Uganda-South Sudan borderlands
Death and dying in America
This paper is an overview on the Open Government Data (OGD) environment in the EU. It aims to point out the relevant legal issues together with the economic aspects arising from the disclosure and exploitation of OGD. Therefore, the paper highlights the noteworthy technological aspects related with the opening of OGD datasets. This survey is based on an interdisciplinary approach. Interdisciplinarity in the digital environment means that OGD should be considered as an integrated, interoperable and collaborative ecosystem. The main legislative source taken into account for the survey is the Directive 2003/98/EC on the re-use of public sector information as recently amended by the Directive 37/2013/EU..
From emotional turmoil to tranquility : grief as a process of giving in a study on spusal bereavement
Nursing assessment tool to assess the needs of adult family members of patients in the surgical ward at Aga Khan University Hospital
Grantparenthood
When life meets death : stories of death and dying, truth and courage
Suicide survivor's handbook : a guide to the bereaved and those who wish to help them
This is the tale of family, memory, love, and living told by 14-year-old Susie Salmon, who is already in heaven. Through the voice of a precocious teenage girl, Susie relates the awful events of her death and builds out of her family's grief a hopeful and joyful story.
Managing life with a memory disorder : the mutual processes of those with memory disorders and their family caregivers following a diagnosis
Empowering patient education : development of educational intervention for school-age children with type 1 diabetes and their parents
Palliative care through relatives ́eyes
Thicker than water : siblings and their relations, 1780-1920
β-Glucan contents of groats of different oat cultivars in official variety, in organic cultivation, and in nitrogen fertilization trials in Finland
Composition of weed flora in spring cereals in Finland : a fourth survey
My mother and father's keeper? : the social and economic features of intergenerational solidarity
Institutions and the geography of innovation : a regional perspective
Family caregiving : a community psychological study with special emphasis on clinical interventions
Gender, work, and attitudes
Adult patient family needs in acute care settings : a literature review
The report : a novel
Advance care planning : communicating about matters of life and death
The burden of sympathy : how families cope with mental illness
Virtual Alzheimer discussion forum - a new form of peer support
A description of the help received by cancer patient's relatives in their adjustment
Developing a crisis communication scorecard : outcomes of an international research project 2008-2011 (Ref.)
Negative effects of borderline personality disorder on the family : a systematic literature review
My own country : a doctor's story
We need to talk about grief : how to be a friend to the one who's left behind
Abstract: Informal care in the context of social policy.
After the suicide : helping the bereaved to find a path from grief to recovery
The watch
Crop yields and supply of nitrogen compared in conventional and organic farming systems
The Alzheimer's family : helping caregivers cope
Dementia : support for family and friends
The role of significant others in the management of a patient with hypertension
Al-Anon's twelve steps & twelve traditions
African elegance
The 36-hour day : a family guide to caring for persons with Alzheimer disease, related dementing illnesses, and memory loss in later life
Abstract: Experiences of home care situations and some ways to cope with them as reported by spouses of persons with dementia.
After suicide : a ray of hope for those left behind
Suicide and its aftermath : understanding and counseling the survivors
Stabilising of life : a substantive theory
Healing your traumatized heart : 100 practical ideas after someone you love dies a sudden, violent death
Trust, autonomy and safety at integrated network- and family-oriented model for co-operation : a qualitative study
Continuing bonds in Finnish bereavement narratives
Promoting stabilising of life in families with cancer : a grounded theory research
Possibilities of trust and recognition between refugees and authorities : resettlement as a part of durable solutions of forced migration
Caring for people : help at the frontline
The everything guide to caring for aging parents : reassuring advice to help you support your loved ones
The loss of loved ones : the effects of a death in the family on personality development
The effects of conventional and organic farming system on some quality parameters of grains were studied in winter and spring common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet. Under organic farming conditions, spelt wheat was characterized by the most favorable grain chemical composition (essential amino acids index [EAAI] 85.3, o-dihydroxyphenol 2.00 g kg-1, nitrogen [N] 23.5 g kg-1, magnesium [Mg] 705, zinc [Zn] 32.9 mg kg-1), followed by millet (total dietary fiber [TDF] 185.3 g kg-1, Mg 904, copper [Cu] 6.27, iron [Fe] 57.0 mg kg-1). The above-mentioned cereals also showed a satisfactory yield level under the organic system (spelt wheat 2.69, proso millet 1.42 t ha-1). Both in winter and spring common wheat organic farming led a significant reduction in productivity, but the content of chemical components in grain (dihydroxyphenols—spring wheat 1.68 g kg-1, winter wheat 1.74 g kg-1; selenium [Se]—spring wheat 53.4 mg kg-1, winter wheat 40.5 mg kg-1; some amino acids—spring wheat valine [Val] 5.11, methionine [Met] 2.09, tryptophan [Trp] 0.40 g kg-1, winter wheat glutamate [Glu] 41.9, proline [Pro] 15.3, glysine [Gly] 5.24, arginine [Arg] 5.04, [Trp] 0.97 g kg-1) was more favorable compared to the conventional system. The present study showed that the organic farming system does not result in reduced productivity neither in spelt wheat or proso millet, but contributes to an improvement in their grain quality parameters. On the other hand, common wheat performed better under the conventional system..
How to help your loved one overcome depression : a fast and simple system to relieve distress
Caring for dying children and their families
Officers and accountability in medieval England 1170-1300
An evaluation of a cognitive-behavioral patient education program for persons with Parkinson's disease and their caregivers
The last winter of Dani Lancing
Caring relationships : the dying and the bereaved
Strange harvest : organ transplants, denatured bodies, and the transformed self
Measuring the quality of media relations in an EU institution : developing and testing a measurement model
Palliative care : the nursing role
Aspects of grief : bereavent in adult life
When parents die : learning to live with the loss of a parent
No time to say goodbye : surviving the suicide of a loved one
Summary: Love, suffer and write it down.
Alzheimerś : a caregivers guide and sourcebook
Interesting people, touching stories : the implementation and nationwide expansion of Hyvän mielen talo ry's Prospect project (2008-2009) : closing report
Dementia : the one-stop guide : practical advice for families, professionals and people living with dementia and Alzheimer's disease
How the innocent are punished? : the effects of incarceration of non-guilty family in the USA
No time for goodbyes : coping with sorrow, anger, and injustice after a tragic death
Families, separation and emotional coping in war bridging letters between home and front, 1941-44
