http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22112 guidance for immigrants
guidance for immigrants
Job search strategies and wage effects for immigrants
Social work increasingly finds itself at the frontline of issues pertaining to immigrant and refugee settlement and integration. In this timely book, Kathleen Valtonen provides the first book-length study on the challenges these issues create for the profession.The book draws on a wide range of current research in migration which is not widely available to social workers or included in social work literature. Readers are offered the opportunity to explore the capacity of the profession to play a primary role in the course and outcome of settlement, and to influence the integration and multicultural processes taking place at many levels in our modern societies of settlement.Across societies, social work is fashioning theory and practice for the current era of migration. Social change and the new diversity call for conventional notions of ethics and equity to be revisited. The book fills a gap in the social work literature by providing scholars, practitioners and students with a critical knowledge base that will strengthen their ability to engage with issues of immigration and integration and to open up options for effective practice with growing numbers of immigrant and refugee clients.
Feedback from Metropolia graduates : studying in an English Degree Program as an Immigrant and their Road to Working Life
Social work and migration : immigrant and refugee settlement and integration
Improving human resource management practices in Finland for immigrant workers
Local youth work as subpolitics of multiculturalism : professional educators constructing new rationales in Eastern Finland?
Immigration and population
(Im)mobile lives : young Russian women's narratives of work and citizenship insecurities in Finland
Social work, social justice & human rights : a structural approach to practice
"In Russia, we had it differently" : experiences among Russian-speaking employees of interaction in Finnish workplaces
Immigration strategy for Northern Ostrobothnia 2015
"South-south" remittance -poverty reduction nexus : the case of "Hadiya" immigrants in South Africa, as agents of "constituency development" in Ethiopia, and the policy implications of their "remittance instrument"
Challenges of working in a cross-cultural environment : principles and practice of refugee settlement in Finland
Empowering social work : research and practice
Alternative futures of second-generation immigrants on the Finnish labour market in 2020.
Article deals with foreign labour migration influence on both qualitative and quantitative human capital parameters. Three global challenges negatively affecting human capital in a recipient-country were found out: low-skilled migrants; contradictions in the present-day migration processes; non-application of competence-based approach towards foreign labour migrants. Authors elaborated a number of recommendations on migration policy for Russian authorities to overcome these disadvantages..
What more can we do? : developing a multicultural action plan for the Girls' House, a meeting place for girls and young women in Helsinki
The civil servant's point of view on immigrants and acculturation in Finland : a qualitative attitude approach
Second-generation immigrants on the Finnish labour market in 2020 : alternative futures
Feedback from Metropolia graduates: studying in an English Degree Program as an Immigrant  and their Road to Working Life
Government integration programme for 2016–2019 and government resolution on a government integration programme
Settlement process of Afghan immigrant women based on cultural perspective in Finland
Women from the Indian Subcontinent in Finland : patterns of integration, family life, employment and transnationalism among marriage migrants
Integration Cards  : A Tool for Instructors Working with Immigrant Women
Education as a vehicle for mobility? : exploring the relationship between ethnicity, education and labor market positioning in the Netherlands
HOW HAVE KOUVOLA CITIZENS’ ATTITUDES TOWARDS FOREIGNERS CHANGED FROM 2005 TO 2010
Over the past 30 years the relative incomes and employment rates of immigrants have sunk, while immigrants unemployment rates rose. The overrepresentation in the welfare transfer system and an increasing housing segregation cause concern and is much debated. The general opinion is that immigrants are less integrated into the Swedish society today than in former times. The aim of this literature review is to if this is true. The working hypothesis is that immigrants were integrated during the period 1945-1975. A set of nine variables are discussed to examine whether the immigrants 1945-1975 were integrated. Although explorative by its character, the results indicate that immigrants were not as integrated in former times as commonly believed. Contrary to common belief significant improvements in integration has, in some areas, actually been achieved! The integration of immigrants has not changed from good to bad, but rather from bad to worse. .
"How you were left to your fate" : the responses of two sisters to the surrounding societies in Brick Lane (2003) by Monica Ali
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Unravelling the role of deskilling in immigrant labour in Finland
Moral economies of reproductive labour : an ethnography of migrant domestic and care labour in Naples, Italy
Migrant friendly hospital : a literature review
Migration-development nexus in the Malawian health sector : European Union blue card -circular migration for development?
Almas’ story : a young muslim refugee girl’s experiences as newcomer in Northern-Finland
Multi-professional view on health and culture of elderly immigrants
A cookbook to art and integration in Finland
The Bidirectional Integration Programme
How ethnic minority nursing students experience healthcare services in Finland : a qualitative descriptive study
Builders of a new Europe : women immigrants from the eastern trans-regions
Abstract: The significance of ethnicity in youth peer relationships : a study of the encounters of youth from immigrant backgrounds and majority youth in youth work fields
Foreign labor migration and human capital development in Russia
Asylum-Seeking, Migration and Church addresses one of the most pressing issues confronting contemporary society. How are we to engage with migrants? Drawing on studies of church engagement with asylum seekers in the UK and critical immigration and refugee issues in North America, Snyder presents an extended theological reflection on both the issue of asylum-seeking and the fears of established populations surrounding immigration.This book outlines ways in which churches are currently supporting asylum seekers, encouraging closer engagement with people seen as 'other' and more thoughtful responses to newcomers. Creatively exploring biblical and theological traditions surrounding the 'stranger', Snyder argues that as well as practising a vision of inclusive community churches would do well to engage with established population fears. Trends in global migration and the dynamics of fear and hostility surrounding immigration are critically and creatively explored throughout the book. Inviting more complex, nuanced responses to asylum seekers and immigrants, this book offers invaluable insights to those interested in Christian ethics, practical theology, social work, mission and faith and social action, as well as those working in the field of migration.
Immigrants in the competitive and segmented labour markets
In this paper, the relationship between education and labor market positioning for Surinamese Dutch in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, is explored. The relationship is measured at two points with a 10 year interval. Over these years, little change can be noted in labor market positioning, while educational achievements increase drastically. In the discussion, several explanations are suggested. The relationship between education and labor market positioning in the country today is used to conclude that in Amsterdam and the Netherlands, the relationship between education and labor market positioning is not linear and local data are needed to understand local labor markets to the fullest..
Hybrids in temporary institutional care : Children with an immigrant background in municipal temporary institutional care in Greater-Helsinki.
Working together for better integration : immigrants, police and social work
Dirty work : immigrants in domestic service, agriculture and prostitution in Sicily
The Meaning of Work for Immigrant Women Nurses in Finland
Evaluation of the Available Means of Support for Integration of 2nd Generation Immigrants : Pasila Community Center
Swimming in the moon
Asylum-seeking, migration and church
Essays on economic outcomes of immigrants and homosexuals
See me! : multicultural encounters with creative methods
Integrating immigrants into labor and education : a Scandinavian comparative perspective
In addition to being a religious country (over ninety percent of Americans believe in God) the United States is also home to more immigrants than ever before. Churches and Charity in the Immigrant City focuses on the intersection of religion and civic engagement among Miami's immigrant and minority groups. The contributors examine the role of religious organizations in developing social relationships and how these relationships affect the broader civic world. Essays, for example, consider the role of leadership in the promotion and creation of a social capital in a Haitian Catholic church, transnational ties between Cuban Catholics in Miami and Havana, and several African-American congregations that serve as key comparisons of civic engagement among minorities.
”It is a long process and it will take time but it does not mean that it is impossible – it is possible!” : experiences of workers from three projects in prevention of honour-related violence among patriarchal immigrant communities in Finland
Executive summary.
The EU, ethnic minorities and migrants in the workplace
Integration of Immigrants in Sweden 1945-1975
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to conduct an evaluation study based on the feedback from former students with immigrant background of the English Degree Program in Social Services (DPSS) with the help of interviews. The idea of the evaluation was to harness what elements in the curriculum of the degree program had been useful during the studies and for later working life. The evaluation study was divided into three parts including their feedback on the study curriculum, studying in a multicultural environment and experiences on the process towards working life. A qualitative approach was used in carrying out the study. Semi structured interviews were used in collecting data. The study was focused on the individuals experiences and personal opinions in order for it to be able to provide a detailed feedback for the working life partner. Former students of the English degree program with immigrant background were contacted and six interviews were used for this study including two teacher interviews. The findings showed that the curriculum and the multicultural study environment generally played a supportive role for the former students of the DPSS. Work placements were regarded as the most beneficial element of the curriculum regarding employment opportunities in Finland. In conclusion, the results indicate that although there was a certain amount of dissatisfaction regarding the English language skills used in teaching, students were generally satisfied. The students were mainly motivated about getting a bachelor's certificate since they knew that the degree program will provide them one.
Empowering Intercultural Dialogue in Child Protection : Co-designing Information Material with Professionals and Immigrants
Finnish trade unions and immigrant labor
Abstract: This final project was realised in co-operation with the Ageing Migrants-activity, which functions under The Central Union for the Welfare of the Aged. This is a functional final project, which consists of a handbook for the instructors working with elderly Somalis in Finland with the aim of supporting the empowerment of the clients. The instructor's handbook is designed to be used together with a handbook for elderly Somalis.    The theoretical framework was empowerment through awakening. This report explains how empowerment and the instructor's role together with the product of the final project can help the elderly Somalis to cope in certain everyday situations in Finland. The report explains the process of the handbooks; initial planning, making, testing, evaluating, finalizing, marketing and distributing it as well as future possibilities of the product.    The client's handbook was done according to simplified language principles by using Finnish and Somali. It was desined to be used both with illiterate and literate clients. The instructor's handbook includes the same material as the client's handbook and instructions for implimenting the group sessions.    The results of testing the handbooks showed that the product supports the empowerment of elderly Somalis. Future possibilities would be to translate the handbooks into different languages and to change them to suit different cultures for using the product with other client groups.
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic sea area
Transnational highly skilled Finnish migrants in Europe : choosing one's identity
Immigrants in the Finnish job markets : immigrants' views of factors contributing to their employment situation in Kymenlaakso and Etelä-Savo
Working in Finland : information for immigrants
Pre-acculturation among voluntary migrants
Diverse work community : ageing, immigrants and people with disabilities in work community : case Cooperative Store KPO
Transnational responsibilities and multi-sited strategies : voluntary associations of Somali diaspora in Finland
Government resolution on the government integration programme : the government's focus areas for 2012-2015
Churches and charity in the immigrant city : religion, immigration, and civic engagement in Miami
A guide for caring Muslim patient
Most of the second-generation immigrants in Finland are still rather young, but they will begin to enter the labour market in larger numbers within the next ten years. Thus it is interesting to consider their possible futures on the labour market in advance. This article focuses on the factors influencing the labour market performance of second-generation immigrants in Finland, and on the pathways to alternative possible futures. The data for this study was mainly gathered by means of a futures workshop, a qualitative method of studying the future. It was supplemented by a questionnaire and interviews, and in total there were 13 informants. According to the workshop participants the factors which most influence the labour market opportunities of second-generation immigrants are social networks, attitudes, structural obstacles, level of education, language skills, personality, appearance, and family. The scenarios created on the basis of the findings of the workshop and the questionnaire portray alternative futures, and show that positive as well as negative developments are possible. The overall tone of the findings was quite optimistic, and there seemed to be a belief in equal opportunities. This is in contrast with findings in other European countries, and it would be useful to address possible problems before they become engrained..
Challenges of intercultural vocational education and training : developing a strand model in the change laboratory
An immigrant nurse is our colleague : how to develop the language and culture in multicultural nursing
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
Immigrants as entrepreneurs : experiences of multicultural co-operatives
The role of the English language in the integration of refugees into Finnish society
Abstract: Introduction  Migration to the Nordic country Finland has increased dramatically in the last 20 years. Statistics Finland projects for the next few decades the number of immigrants will remain above 27,000 people a year. Finland is predicted to have a labour shortage within the next 15 years, especially in the field of healthcare. The UN and WHO have recommended that nations keep their migrant policies in line with human rights. This includes access to health care. Finland follows these recommendations. The purpose of this project is to investigate and describe how ethnic minority nursing students in the capital area experience health care in Finland: using healthcare services themselves or accompanying a friend or family member, and providing healthcare as a student nurse in a clinical placement or working on a ward. This study is part of the Local & Global Development in Social & Health Care (LOG-Sote) project.  Methods  This is a qualitative descriptive study. Six nursing students from a capital area Finnish University of Applied Sciences were interviewed. Topics were derived from the Papadopoulos, Tilki, Taylor model of cultural competence and formed into a tool to guide the interviews. The data from the interviews were categorized into themes using inductive content analysis.  Results  The findings showed that as a patient the participants had positive and negative experiences. Their general feeling about the Finnish healthcare system was positive. However, they all had negative experiences. Negative experiences occurred with healthcare professionals who were culturally incompetent. This affected the quality of care they received. Positive experiences resulted from interactions with culturally competent healthcare professionals. Most of their difficulties they faced were because of their use of English and lack of proficiency in Finnish. They experienced discrimination, stereotyping and ethnocentrism. Their experiences as students were a bit similar to their experiences as patients. These included incidents that happened to them and events they witnessed happening to other ethnic minority patients. The students as a whole gave a description of two nurse archetypes; the closed nurse and the open nurse. The participants were often challenged with nurses who were closed but they gravitated towards nurses who were open. The open nurses were friendly, encouraging, and happy to work with people from different cultures.  Conclusions  The results show ethnic minority nursing students are facing adversity because many Finnish healthcare workers are culturally incompetent. Finnish healthcare curriculums should be reviewed to see if there is enough multicultural education. More multicultural training is needed for healthcare professionals in the capital area of Finland. Models of cultural competence should be reviewed and incorporated into the Finnish nursing practice.
Working in Finland
Improving performance of construction projects in the UAE : multi cultural and decent work perspectives
Foreigners and employment in the Pirkanmaa region : an assessment on tutoring provided by TAMK BBA programme
Investing in home-preschool collaboration for understanding social worlds of multilingual children
The immigrant and the workplace
Chinese and Kenyan food culture -information for health care personnel in Finland
The role of social work integrating immigrants into society : a comparative study in Germany, France and England
Entailing temporality : longitudinal analysis of labor market integration of immigrants in Finland
The strong women and wrong men of 'certain cultures' : categorizing 'immigrant men' in the finnish multicultural social work discourse
Promoting independence in resettlement : final publication of the MOST project
Employment possibilities for immigrants/foreigners in Kokkola
Abstract: This article examines the interconnectedness of geographical and social mobility using the empirical case of young, highly educated Russian women's migration to Finland. My qualitative interview data shows that an insecure migrant status channels young migrant women to a precarious gendered path from au pairing to studying and working in a low-skilled sector in order to continue residence in Finland. The stories of highly educated migrant women doing domestic and low-skilled work show how geographical mobility is achieved at the cost of descending social status. The empirical discussion demonstrates that “subjects on the move” celebrated by the new mobility paradigm are, in fact, unequally mobile, and achieve mobility at a high social cost, including social downgrading and deskilling. Furthermore, structural vulnerabilities in terms of insecure migrant status create dependence on employers and produce opportunities for the exploitation of migrant labour.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
From immigration controls to welfare controls
"There has been a marked rise in global migration with many former countries of emigration becoming immigration destinations. As a result of this, social workers increasingly encounter immigrant clients and are called upon to work in their communities. At the same time, in the field of research, theories, conceptual frames, perspectives and discourse have materialized and evolved to make sense of contemporary events. Social work professionals, researchers and students must, therefore, need to be apprised of current thinking, research and discourse in the field of integration. Valtonen familiarizes the reader with the variation in national policies, institutional arrangements and service responses, which all provide rich contrasts and insights into a breadth of policy possibilities. Since macro-level developments in migration carry direct implications for social work as a discipline and a profession with a central stake and role in immigrant wellbeing, this book provides salient information to help with visioning in the profession, defining appropriate and concerted responses, and building robust standing in the field as well as promoting the linking of disciplinary and multidisciplinary research with practice." --Provided by publisher.
Nurses' self-reported attitudes concerning transcultural nursing : LOG-Health Project
Turbulentnost' i vyzovy perehodnogo perioda v povsednevhoj žizni = Turbulence and challenging transitions of everyday life
Migration and mobility : the European context
International practice and policy trends in international labour immigration
Social work and integration in immigrant communities : framing the field
