http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2219 urban geography
urban geography
The inner differentiation of the large cities in Finland
Multiple city : Stadtkonzepte 1908/2008 = urban concepts 1908/2008
Articles on the topic INTERREG IIIC Project "Ökoprofit International"
Sustainable geography
Placing London : from imperial capital to global city
St.Peterburg travellerś guide : the most interesting routes about the city
Urban geography : an introductory analysis
City
Edge city : life on the new frontier
The urban landscape : historical development and management
Modern transport geography
Urban geography : an analytical approach
Global city-regions : trends, theory, policy
Cities and space : the future use of urban land : essays from the fourth RFF forum
Timing global cities
Fire in the hearth : the radical politics of place in America
Three small towns in Central Java : a comparative study of their economic structure and regional importance
The anthropology of lower income urban enclaves : the case of East Harlem
Geographic studies of urban transportation and network analysis
Climate change, disaster risk, and the urban poor : cities building resilience for a changing world
Cities transformed : demographic change and its implications in the developing world
Places and regions in global context : human geography
Tokyo : the shogun's city at the twenty-first century
Encyclopedia of urban cultures : cities and cultures around the world. Volume 2
Delayed underurbanisation in eastern Kazakhstan : assessing the effect of "closed" cities
Other cities, other worlds : urban imaginaries in a globalizing age
What is geography?
Geographic perspectives on urban systems with integrated readings
The metropolis era. Vol. 1, A world of giant cities
Urban generation: in-between spaces
The practice of modernism : modern architects and urban transformation, 1954-1972
Beyond the metropolis : urban geography as if small cities mattered
A social geography of Tampere, Finland
Sustainable urban growth in peripheral areas
Outline of town and city planning : a review of past efforts and modern aims
Handbook of regional and urban economics. Vol. 4, Cities and geography
Berlin : the rough guide
Changing intra-metropolitan accessibility in the U.S.: evidence from Atlanta
From native and landscape research to urban and regional studies : conference. Tartu, Estonia, August 23-24, 2002. Abstracts. Papers. List of Participants
The future for the city centre
"From Dubai to Delhi and from Singapore to Shanghai, cities across Asia are sites of intense experiments with different ways of being global. This book intervenes in urban theory focused on established global cities, and instead argues that the urban globality is something that is continually being imagined, assembled, and contested. Greater Asia is a region of vibrant innovations in urban design, built forms, governance, aesthetics, and politics. Worlding Cities draws attention to diverse projects of 'worlding' and "reworlding" that draw upon local and transnational relationships. Alternative ways of being global are instantiated through practices of mobility, modeling, and speculation that inter-reference other Asian sites. As many of the essays in this book illustrate, different Asian futures are being shaped in cities, from green governmentality to eco-city, from corporate speculations to political contestations over urban development, from "world-class" city branding to demands for "world-class" services, and from sky-high hopes to dashed dreams on the ground for city-dwellers and migrants. This inter-generation and interdisciplinary group of authors offers the first serious examination of diverse actors, energies, and conditions at play in defining new worlds of inter-Asian urbanism"--
Central places in southern Germany
The metropolis era. Vol. 2, Mega-cities
The study of urban geography
Urban utopias and conflicts : (dis)appearing author(ity)?
London : a life in maps
Skateboarding, space and the city : architecture and body / Iain Borden
Urban social geography : an introduction
Voices of decline : the postwar fate of US cities
Centrality and cities
Application of futures methods in urban planning processes in Dublin
Urban Future 21 : a global agenda for twenty-first century cities
The dynamics of cities : ecological determinism, dualism and chaos
Cities, industry and the South : report from a national research course in human geography, Oslo, May 1993
London : more by fortune than design
Urban planning in transition
Urban infrastructure: the contemporary conflict between roads and utilities
The baked apple? : Metropolitan New York in the greenhouse
Urban lives: fragmentation and resistance
The emerging social metropolis: successful planning initiatives in five new world metropolitan regions
Urban sustainability : policy and praxis
Britain's new towns : garden cities to sustainable communities
Rufisque - surviving city in Senegal
Planetary gentrification
Images of change : an archaeology of England's contemporary landscape
World facts and figures
"Transnational spatial relations offer a key point from which to study the geographies of contemporary globalization. This book assesses the possible cross-fertilization between two of the most notable analytical frameworks in this area: the world city network (WCN) framework, in which researchers have studied the emergence of a globalized urban system; and secondly, the global commodity chain (GCC) framework, in which researchers have scrutinized the interconnected functions, operations and transactions through which specific goods are produced, distributed and consumed in a globalized economy. Both literatures have emerged as critiques of conventional, state-centric social science interpretations of their subject matters, and they both propose what might be called 'global network alternatives'. Bringing together contributions of key researchers from human geography, economics, and sociology, the editors take advantage of this parallel to investigate how both models may benefit from each other"--
Metropolis and region
Worlding cities : Asian experiments and the art of being global
Re-thinking the urban development corporation "Experiment": the case of Central Manchester, Leeds and Bristol
Encyclopedia of urban cultures : cities and cultures around the world. Volume 1
Urban futures : a loss of shadows in the flowing spaces?
Babylonian topographical texts
Planning, the urban system and new forms of inequality in Greek cities
"A Selection of the Library of Science, History, and Military Book Clubs  "One of the finest science writers I've ever read." -Los Angeles Times  "Ellard has a knack for distilling obscure scientific theories into practical wisdom." -New York Times Book Review  "[Ellard] mak[es] even the most mundane entomological experiment or exegesis of psychological geekspeak feel fresh and fascinating." -NPR  "Colin Ellard is one of the world's foremost thinkers on the neuroscience of urban design. Here he offers an entirely new way to understand our cities-and ourselves." -CHARLES MONTGOMERY, author of Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design  Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature-places we escape to and can't escape from-have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating.  Colin Ellard is the author of You Are Here: Why We Can Find Our Way to the Moon, but Get Lost in the Mall. A cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo and director of its Urban Realities Laboratory, he lives in Kitchener, Ontario. "--
Housing the skilled migrants in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area : international attractiveness of housing, neighbourhoods and the city region
The Gaia atlas of cities : new directions for sustainable urban living
Dar es Salaam : a study in urban geography
Urban sustainability: discourses, networks and policy tools
Readings in urban geography
Portland from the air
London in colour
Imagining cities : scripts, signs, memory
Encyclopedia of urban cultures : cities and cultures around the world. Volume 3
City politics : private power and public policy
The city
City A -Z
Urban development and urban life
Think globally, act regionally : GIS and data visualization for social science and public policy research
Ringstrasse : image of a modern and postmodern street
Economics of agglomeration : cities, industrial location, and regional growth
Urbanization : an introduction to urban geography. Paul L. Knox
Cities in movement : urban systems on the eve of the 21st century
The emancipatory city? : paradoxes and possibilities
Encyclopedia of human geography
Meanings of an urban space : understanding the historical layers of Viborg
Urbanization and environment : the physical geography of the city
"This book covers theoretical, thematic, and country-specific issues of knowledge cities to underline the growing importance of KBUD all around the world, providing substantive research on the decisive lineaments of urban development for knowledge-based production (drawing attention to new planning processes to foster such development), and worldwide best practices and case studies in the field of urban development"--Provided by publisher.
Commodity chains and world cities
The urban geography reader
City and region : a geographical interpretation
Urban trends in Berlin and Amsterdam
Cities of whiteness
Socio-economic survey of Bhopal City and Bairagarh
Urban Geography in the Soviet Union and the United States
An urban geography of England and Wales in the nineteenth century
Divided cities. 1-2, Case studies of conflict and territorial organisation / N. Kliot, Y. Mansfeld ; In the European cultural context / J. Kotek
The Middle Eastern city and Islamic urbanism : an annotated bibliography of western literature
Encyclopedia of urban cultures : cities and cultures around the world. Volume 4
The Future of cities and regions : simulation, scenario and visioning, governance and scale
A new city : a study of urban development in an area including Newbury, Swindon and Didcot
Places of the heart : the psychogeography of everyday life
Inferno
In recent years, cities and urban regions have been increasingly applying various forms of strategic planning and future-oriented approaches in order to respond to the challenges posed by contemporary change, competition between cities, a sustainability agenda, the transformation of urban governance and others. Exercises employing futures methods usually vary as they are set in specific contexts, are driven by different motivations and objectives and use diverse methodological approaches. Despite the differences, many of these projects are faced by similar problems arising from the innovativeness and fragility of the procedures used.This paper presents three exercises undertaken in Dublin, in which futures approaches were employed at the urban region, municipal authority and local community level. Through the demonstration and examination of these projects, the authors aim to contribute to the ongoing conversation about a more effective use of futures methods in urban planning processes. The exercises are discussed in regard to their origins, methodologies, participation, and outcomes and outputs. The authors attempt to critically review the exercises, and building upon the lessons learned, to draw together a range of practical recommendations for the application of futures methods in the urban planning process.
Urban geography : a global perspective
The social areas of Los Angeles : analysis and typology
Concepts and techniques in urban analysis
Urban regeneration in Europe
Rule and order : Dutch planning doctrine in the twentieth century
Knowledge-based urban development : planning and applications in the information era
Creating the right image: Helsinki's project for the "European cultural capital year 2000"
Back to the city : strategies for informal urban interventions : collaboration between artists and architects
Cities in city regions : governing the diversity
Exploring the urban community : a GIS approach
Leadership and urban regeneration : cities in North America and Europe
Urban geography : an introductory guide
Urban structural dynamics in the city of Turku, Finland
Tomorrow's Chicago
Handbook of urban studies
Life on tracks : everyday life in Tokyo
Planet of slums
Cities and social change in early modern France
Interpreting the city : an urban geography
The SAGE companion to the city
Lagos : the city is the people
Exposition and imagination : revisiting the future city at Montreal's Expo '67 and New York's World's Fair
Readings in planning theory
Proceedings of the IGU symposium in urban geography : Lund 1960
"Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature--places we escape to and can't escape from--have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating"--
Contesting neoliberalism : urban frontiers
"Worlding Cities is the first serious examination of Asian urbanism to highlight the connections between different Asian models and practices of urbanization. It includes important contributions from a respected group of scholars across a range of generations, disciplines, and sites of study.. Describes the new theoretical framework of 'worlding'. Substantially expands and updates the themes of capital and culture. Includes a unique collection of authors across generations, disciplines, and sites of study. Demonstrates how references to Asian power, success, and hegemony make possible urban development and limit urban politics."--
Human geography : people, place, and culture
Human geography : society, space and social science
An introduction to urban geographic information systems
Urban landscape's text : problems and prospects
Communities within cities : an urban social geography
Social problems and the city : new perspectives
Town and country in Brazil
Urbanization and development : multidisciplinary perspectives
Remotely sensed cities
Learning, innovation, and urban evolution
