http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22176 decision analysis
decision analysis
Hierarchical decision modeling : essays in honor of Dundar F. Kocaoglu
Business analysis & valuation : using financial statements : cases
The guide to the analysis of financial statements of Finnish companies
Financial accounting, reporting and analysis
Application of decision-analytic modelling in health economic evaluations
Financial statement analysis and security valuation
An instrument for analyzing offensive game sense in ice hockey
Financial statement analysis in Europe
Financial statement analysis and security valuation / Stephen H. Penman
Decision analysis : introductory lectures on choices under uncertainty
This volume, developed in honor of Dr. Dundar F. Kocaoglu, aims to demonstrate the applications of the Hierarchical Decision Model (HDM) in different sectors and its capacity in decision analysis. It is comprised of essays from noted scholars, academics and researchers of engineering and technology management around the world. This book is organized into four parts: Technology Assessment, Strategic Planning, National Technology Planning and Decision Making Tools. Dr. Dundar F. Kocaoglu is one of the pioneers of multiple decision models using hierarchies, and creator of the HDM in decision analysis. HDM is a mission-oriented method for evaluation and/or selection among alternatives. A wide range of alternatives can be considered, including but not limited to, different technologies, projects, markets, jobs, products, cities to live in, houses to buy, apartments to rent, and schools to attend. Dr. Kocaoglu's approach has been adopted for decision problems in many industrial sectors, including electronics research and development, education, government planning, agriculture, energy, technology transfer, semiconductor manufacturing, and has influenced policy locally, nationally, and internationally. Moreover, his students developed advanced tools and software applications to further improve and enhance the robustness of the HDM approach. Dr. Kocaoglu has made many contributions to the field of Engineering and Technology Management. During his tenure at Portland State University, he founded the Engineering and Technology Management program, where he served as Program Director and later, Department Chair. He also started the Portland International Conference on Management of Engineering and Technology (PICMET), which organizes an annual conference in international locations such as Korea, Turkey, South Africa, Thailand, and Japan. His teaching has won awards and resulted in a strong sense of student loyalty among his students.
Agent-based modelling of socio-technical systems
Decision makers in large scale interconnected network systems require simulation models for decision support. The behaviour of these systems is determined by many actors, situated in a dynamic, multi-actor, multi-objective and multi-level environment. How can such systems be modelled and how can the socio-technical complexity be captured? Agent-based modelling is a proven approach to handle this challenge.This book provides a practical introduction to agent-based modelling of socio-technical systems, based on a methodology that has been developed at Delft University of Technology and which has been deployed in a large number of case studies. The book consists of two parts: the first presents the background, theory and methodology as well as practical guidelines and procedures for building models. In the second part this theory is applied to a number of case studies, where for each model the development steps are presented extensively, preparing the reader for creating own models.
Collected papers. Vol. 2
Financial and managerial accounting
Patient participation in decision making process in primary care : a conversation analytic study
Introduction to the theory of cooperative games
The evolution from decision support systems (DSS) to big data analytics : the case of executive analytics : managerial dilemma on DSS, advanced analytics & IS leadership
Dynamic scenario modelling in electricity distribution system asset management
Model-based decision processes for agenda building and project funding
"An introduction to the basic management accounting concepts and applications"--Back cover.
Non-Bayesian decision theory ; beliefs and desires as reasons for action
Analysis for financial management
Statistics
Decide : better ways of making better decisions
Multiple criteria decision analysis : state of the art surveys
Sustainable land development and restoration : decision consequence analysis
Decision based design
The analysis and use of financial statements
Accounting for dummies
International Financial Statement Analysis provides the most up-to-date detail for the successful assessment of company performance and financial positions. This rich, clear reference covers all aspects from financial reporting mechanics and standards to understanding income and balance sheets.
Decision analysis as a tool for life cycle impact assessment
Rational decision making
The time series properties of accrual versus cash-based income variables
Multiple criteria decision making. Theory and application : proceedings of the third conference Hagen/Königswinter, West Germany, Aug. 20-24, 1979
Risk Assessment Procedures In Audit Planning : The case of Mazars Vietnam Co., Ltd
Entrepreneurial finance : finance for small business
Applied choice analysis : a primer
Patent ranking using fuzzy analytical hierarchy process
Multicriteria decision analysis project on environmental problems
Basic management accounting for the hospitality industry
Analysis of financial statements
Making better decisions : decision theory in practice
Applications of stochastic modeling for investment decision-making under market uncertainties
Financial accounting : international financial reporting standards
Operations research : a model-based approach
Portfolio decision analysis for robust project selection and resource allocation
Economic decision analysis
Case study research : theory, methods and practice
Games and decision making
Multicriteria decision analysis in geographic information science
Financial management : an introduction
Modeling data irregularities and structural complexities in data envelopment analysis
Uncertainty and risk : mental, formal, experimental representations
How to be a successful entrepreneur : spot the opportunity, take the risk and build a brilliant business
Interactive use of multi-criteria decision analysis in forest planning
Epistemic risk : issues on the normative basis of risk analysis
Developing a new credit control system for Bemis Valkeakoski Oy
Rank-based information in multi-attribute decision and efficiency analysis
Financial accounting : a European approach
Introduction to operations research
Decision analysis for management judgment
The information content of alternative income concepts in predicting corporate failure
Use of decision analytic methods in nuclear safety : an international survey
Patents and strategic firm behavior
Nuclear emergency response planning based on participatory decision analytic approaches
Judgement analysis : theory, methods, and applications
Financial statement analysis : valuation, credit analysis, executive compensation
The comprehensive guide on how to read a financial report : wringing vital signs out of the numbers
Financial statement analysis : a practitioner's guide
Crash course in accounting and financial statement analysis
Financial analysis & decision making : tools and techniques to solve financial problems and make effective business decisions
Stochastic simulation and optimization of mobile chipping economics in processing and transport of forest biomass from residues
Decision modelling for health economic evaluation
Regulatory decision making by decision analyses
The Bayesian choice : from decision-theoretic foundations to computational implementation
Elicitation of expert opinions for uncertainty and risks
Modelling dependent uncertainties by multivariate Gaussian distributions in SMAA
Interpreting company reports and accounts
"An updated guide to the essential discipline of financial statement analysis. In Financial Statement Analysis, Fourth Edition, leading investment authority Martin Fridson returns with Fernando Alvarez to provide the analytical framework you need to scrutinize financial statements, whether you're evaluating a company's stock price or determining valuations for a merger or acquisition. This fully revised and up-to-date Fourth Edition offers fresh information that will help you to evaluate financial statements in today's volatile markets and uncertain economy, and allow you to get past the sometimes biased portrait of a company's performance. Reflects changes in the financial reporting landscape, including issues related to the financial crisis of 2008-2009. Provides guidelines on how to interpret balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements. Offers information for maximizing the accuracy of forecasts and a structured approach to credit and equity evaluation. Filled with real-life examples and expert advice, Financial Statement Analysis, Fourth Edition will help you gain a firm understanding of the techniques that will help you interpret financial statements, which are designed to conceal more than reveal."--
Decision analysis of countermeasures for the milk pathway after an accidental release of radionuclides = päätösanalyysi maitotuotteisiin kohdistuvista vastatoimenpiteistä ydinonnettomuustilanteissa
International financial reporting : a practical guide
Naive decision making : mathematics applied to the social world
Steps towards comprehensive Bayesian decision analysis in fisheries and environmental management
Financial statement analysis
Accounting for intangible assets : a new perspective on the true and fair view
Understanding financial management : a practical guide
Linguistic models for decision support
Financial statement analysis : an integrated approach
International financial statement analysis
Proceedings of the Second Noon2nooN Seminar on Decision Science and Applications
