http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2221 card games
card games
Bridge : the bidder's game
Hold 'em poker for advanced players
The weak no trump
Abstract.
Ace on the river : an advanced poker guide
Online poker : your guide to playing online poker safely & winning
Match point tactics
Poker : how to play, how to win
Honshu
Moomin playing cards
The Resistance : Avalon
Reach mahjong : the only way to play
Takeout double : a bridge mystery
Procedurally generating a world for the Trials of the Wolf project
The losing trick count
Playing cards
Summary of the super precision system
Bridge : the modern game
The Lebensohl convention
Pathways to better bridge defense
The Blackwood convention
One of a kind : the rise and fall of Stuey "the Kid" Ungar, the world's greatest poker player
The poker player's bible : how to play winning poker
European bridge champioship 1958, Oslo, 18th to 30th august : official programme
The book of bluffs : how to bluff and win at poker
Every hand revealed
Poker strategy : winning with game theory
Eddie Kantar teaches topics in declarer play at bridge
Harrington on cash games : how to play no-limit hold 'em cash games. Vol. 1
Card games for one
Negative doubles
The Acol system today
One no trump forcing
Everybody plays at the library : creating great gaming experiences for all ages
How to improve your bridge
Doyle Brunson's super system. 2 : a course in power poker / contributions by Crandell Addington ... [et al.]
Pelikortit : Royal 100% all plastic playing cards
Drury
Card games
Defend these hand with me
Slam bidding and point count
Implementing an artificial agent into a card game
The complete book of hold 'em poker : the comprehensive guide to playing and winning
Modern ideas in bidding
100 card games for all the family : hours of fun for players of all ages
Games : from backgammon to blackjack - learn to play the world's favourite games
Win with Romex : the key to accurate bidding
Inside the poker mind : essays on hold 'em and general poker concepts
Rivals for Catan : Deluxe
The modern losing trick count : bidding to win at bridge
Pojo's Unofficial Ultimate Pokémon is a comprehensive review of everything to know and love about Pokémon with character profiles, anime and movie reviews, tips for building your team in the video games, collectors information about the Pokémon Trading Card Game, Pokémon puzzle pages, and more! Featuring all six generations of Pokémon, this is the ultimate guide for Pokémon fans of all ages.
Playing-cards and tarots
Stud poker and mathematics : learn to play and win
Off-road declarer play : unusual ways to play a bridge hand
Winning defence
A Dictionary of card games
The unusual no trump
Magic: The gathering : blue mage
Harrington on Hold'em. Volume 1 : strategic play : expert strategy for no-limit tournaments
Professional no-limit hold 'em. Volume I
Handbook of winning poker
Harrington on cash games : how to play no-limit hold 'em cash games : volume II
Poker tournament strategies
Pot-limit Omaha poker : the big play strategy
Bridge for dummies
Sure tricks
Professional poker players : cowboys, gamblers or entrepreneurs? : A discourse analysis of speech concerning poker
Competitive bidding in modern bridge
Harrington on Hold'em. Volume II : the endgame : expert strategy for no-limit tournaments
Doctor Who : the card game
The Stayman convention
Pojo's Unofficial Ultimate Pokémon : from your first cards to the latest games and everything in between!
The complete book of card games
How good is your bridge?
The complete Flannery 2 diamond opener : a solution to the 4 spade-5 heart dilemma
Modern defensive signalling in contract bridge
Jacoby transfer bids
Classic Kantar : a collection of bridge hymor
Revised summary of the precision system
The production & learnings of Trials of the Wolf
Bridge play from A to Z (ABC and XYZ of play)
Bridge club player's quiz book
The Lotus Garden has preserved its secret for centuries, but you have discovered the truth. The mystical flowers grown here will provide eternal life and everlasting wisdom to those who possess them. You must help the flowers grow to their full potential and pick them from the garden to harness their energy. Others are finding their way to the Lotus Garden and want these flowers for themselves. By enlisting the help of Guardian Insect, you may just have the strength required to take control of the Lotus Garden and ultimately achieve true enlightenment.
The cardturner
Introduction to probability with Texas hold'em examples
100 winning bridge tips for the improving player
Poker for beginners
Ten ways to improve your bridge
Sharpen your bridge technique : how to think like an expert
Revolutionary forcing pass : the Ebeling system of bidding in contract bridge
Family games
Harrington on cash games : how to play no-limit hold 'em cash games : volume I
The A-Z of card games
Practical aspects of declarer play
Poker faces : the life and work of professional card players
Fight For Olympus
Your lead, partner
Winning low-limit hold'em
The bridge world
Killing their no trump
Pokeria for dummies
Advanced poker : rules, skills, tactics and strategic play : a complete step-by-step guide to mastering the game, with more than 400 practical photographs and artworks
The XXV European bridge championship, Warsaw - Poland, aug. 39th-sept. 10th : programme
The extra edge in play ar bridge
Terra evolution : tree of life
Bridge tips from the masters
The weak two bid in bridge
Magic : The gathering : white mage
Rivals for Catan puts you in charge of one of the two factions developing newlysettled Catan. Use your unique card mix to create your own principality. Explore and settle new lands. Acquire resources through card play and the luck of the dice. Use gold, resource combinations, and trade to develop your domain. Expand your settlements and cities, recruit heroes, and defend your lands through politics, invention and intrigue. Use your cunning! Become Prince of Catan!
For richer, for poorer : confessions of a player
Games without frontiers : theories and methods for game studies and design
The forcing pass in contract bridge
A sixpence at whist : gaming and the English middle classes, 1680-1830
The amazing queen : winning with your queens
The rules of poker : essentials for every game
Card games around the world
Harrington on Hold'em. Volume III : the workbook : expert strategy for no-limit tournaments
The new games treasury : more than 500 indoor and outdoor favorites with strategies, rules and traditions
The Oxford guide to card games
The poker book : everything you need to become a champion
Learn bridge in a weekend
The theory of poker
The complete book of games
Swiss team tactics
Bringing down the house : the inside story of six MIT students who took Vegas for millions
Arctic Scavengers : Base game + Hq + Recon
The bridge bum : my life and play
Opening leads
How to do business in Finland : researching and organizing a database of knowledge for a cultural training game
The most puzzling situations in bridge play
Things your bridge teacher won't tell you
Doyle Brunson's super system : a course in power poker
Guillotine : the revolutionary card game where you win by getting a head
Easy guide to duplicate bridge : how to play, how to win, laws & ethics
Tournament poker for advanced players
