http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22278 international non-governmental organisations
international non-governmental organisations
NGOs capacity in development management : experience from Bangladesh
Corporate responsibility guaranteed by dialogue? : Examining the relationship between nongovernmental organizations and business
Celebrity humanitarianism : the ideology of global charity
"What is the role of international organizations in the international political system? The fourth edition of the Clive Archer widely used textbook continues to provide students with an introduction to international organizations, exploring their rise and development, and accounts for their significance in the modern international political system. International Organizations fourth edition has been fully updated to take into account the considerable developments in the field since the last edition was published in 2001. It continues to offer an unique concise yet comprehensive approach offering students an accessible and manageable introduction to this core part of international relations. An authoritative guide to the literature about international organizations, it also provides advice on further reading"--
PhD study on disability and international intervention in Central Asia
Evaluation : Finnish partnership agreement scheme
International organizations and civil wars
Perspectives on European security : STETE yearbook
Board management development in the life cycle of religious non-governmental organizations : the case od Fida International
Transformations in trade politics : West African civil society participation in economic partnership negotiations with the European Union
Non-state actors in world politics
International actors, including key states like the US and organizations such as the UN, EU, African Union, and World Bank, and a range of NGOs, have long been confronted with the question of how to achieve an emancipatory form of peace. As Oliver Richmond explains, there is a level to peacemaking that operates in the realm of dialogue, declarations, symbols and rituals. But after all this pomp and circumstance is where the reality of security, development, politics, economics, identity, and culture figure in; conflict, cooperation, and reconciliation are at their most vivid at the local scale. Thus local peace operations are crucial to maintaining order on the ground even in the most violent contexts. However, as Richmond argues, such local capacity to build peace from the inside is generally left unrecognized, and it has been largely ignored in the policy and scholarly literature on peacebuilding. In Peace and Political Order, Richmond looks at peace processes as they scale up from local to transnational efforts to consider how to build a lasting and productive peace. He takes a comparative and expansive look at peace efforts in conflict situations in countries around the world to consider what local voices might suggest about the inadequacy of peace processes engineered at the international level. As well, he explores how local workers act to modify or resist peace processes headed by international NGOs, and to what degree local actors have enjoyed success in the peace process (and how they have affected the international peace process).
Democratizing global politics : discourse norms, international regimes, and political community
Unexpected power : conflict and change among transnational activists
Finnish summary.
From blood diamonds to the Kimberley Process : how NGOs cleaned up the global diamond industry
Consumer interest in free trade revisited : interpreting reactions of four consumer organizations
Power, interdependence, and nonstate actors in world politics
Global Social Policy : international organizations and the future of welfare
Non-state actor dynamics in international law : from law-takers to law-makers
Humanitarianism in question : politics, power, ethics
Thematic guide to ICA congresses
The role of governmental and non-governmental organizations in the 21st century
Coalitions across borders : transnational protest and the neoliberal order
The marketing of rebellion : insurgents, media, and international activism
The social in the global : social theory, governmentality and global politics
The International Co-operative Alliance during war and peace 1910-1950
Keepers of the flame : understanding Amnesty International
Another world is possible if--
Globalization from below : transnational activists and protest networks
Evaluation : Fidida : an example of outsourced service 2004-2008
The globalization reader
"The fourth edition of the Clive Archer widely used textbook continues to provide students with an introduction to international organizations, exploring their rise and development, and accounts for their significance in the modern international political system"--
Reshaping world politics : NGOs, the Internet and global civil society
The new diplomacy
Transnational actors in global governance : patterns, explanations, and implications
The global resistance reader
Governing the global polity : practice, mentality, rationality
Beyond stakeholder dialogue: Corporate NGO-alliances : Developing dialogue with WWF finland
Governance and regulation in the third sector : international perspectives / edited by Susan D. Phillips and Steven Rathgeb Smith
International organizations
Global citizen action
Building bridges or digging trenches? : civil society engagement after the arab spring
Management of international institutions and NGOs : frameworks, practices and challenges
Abstract (s.3): Evaluation of Finnish Patnership Agreement Scheme.
Youth Civic Service in Europe : policies and programmes: France, Germany, Italy, the Czech Republic, Poland and at European level
NGOs, crisis management and conflict resolution : measuring the impact of NGOs on intergovernmental organisations
Civil society, international courts, and compliance bodies
Non-governmental organizations in world politics : the construction of global governance
International institutions and multinational enterprises : global players - global markets
Transnational civil society : an introduction
Realizing peace : a constructive conflict approach
Development organizations
Aspects of global social policy analysis
The new transnational activism
Participants in the international legal system : multiple perspectives on non-state actors in international law
Legal status of non-governmental organizations in international law
Democratising south-north relations : learning from the association between Lokayan/CSDS (India) and Kepa (Finland)
Kansainvälisille kansalaisjärjestöille (INGO) suunnatun tuen arvointi = Evaluation of support allocated to international non-governmental organisations (INGO) : loppuraportti
Direct action and democracy today
Global revolt : a guide to the movements against globalization
Abstract.
Global civil society 2004/5
Global community : the role of international organizations in the making of the contemporary world
Social power in international politics
"Beginning in the 1980s, sub-Saharan Africa witnessed a veritable explosion of NGOs and CSOs engaged in efforts to develop the subcontinent. Often praised for their commitment, flexibility, close contact with grassroots movements and marginalized groups, these organizations have become the darlings of donors and the UN system. During the same period, however, rural Africa has sunk deeper into poverty. The massive NGO engagement appears not to have made any meaningful progress." "Snakes in Paradise breaks through the generalizations and neat theories to discover why these efforts have failed. Focusing especially on those local NGOs that are frequently overlooked by studies that cover the major international players, Holmen uncovers a NGO landscape that is considerably more ambiguous than the popular development literature would have people believe."--BOOK JACKET.
Global governance and the UN : an unfinished journey
Corporate social performance : creating shared value with non-governmental organisations
The good project : humanitarian relief NGOs and the fragmentation of reason
The Role of Non-Governmental Organisations in Global Climate Change Negotiations
Civil society participation in European and global governance : a cure for the democratic deficit?
Corporate accountability for human rights abuses : a guide for victims and NGOs on recourse mechanisms
"International Institutions (IIs), International NGOs (INGOs) and Transnational Hybrid Organizations (THOs) play a hugely important role in the modern world economy. Despite having been studied by scholars from a range of disciplines, these organizations have never been approached from a management perspective before this book.This ambitious book analyzes the management challenges associated with international cooperation and sheds light on how these organizations have evolved as the political, economic and business environments have changed around them.The authors cover an admirably broad canvas by including topics such as strategic implementation, big data and human resource management. Each chapter benefits from an integrative case study to aid understanding - cases used include The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Haiti Earthquake and the World Bank.This comprehensive textbook is a must-own resource for students and academics involved with studying and working with international organizations"--
NGOs and organizational change : discourse, reporting and learning
Globalization and antiglobalization : dynamics of change in the new world order
Expatriate adjustment of Finnish aid workers
Due to the past decade's increasing impact of civil society networks and campaigns on global policy, the transnational civil society has become a continually emerging phenomenon. ""Transnational Civil Society: An Introduction"" provides a clear and accessible introduction to the history, characteristics, and achievements of influential transnational civil society networks, coalitions, and movements. Providing perspectives from both developing and industrialized countries, editors Srilatha Batliwala and L. David Brown create the impetus for an in-depth analysis of the forces that have shaped social movements such as globalism, economic and political power structures, and organization by non-state actors. The contributors are globally experienced activist-scholars and reflective practitioners presently engaged in these issues. Together these sources form a comprehensive introduction to civil transnationalism through the synthesis of diverse positions as the contributors raise ideas and discussion on social transformation. For students, practitioners, and activist alike, ""Transnational Civil Society: An Introduction"" offers comprehensible descriptions of transnational initiatives working toward effective and sustainable solutions to problems involving the environment, human rights, women's rights, and economic justice.
Intellectual property, indigenous people and their knowledge
"After colonization, indigenous people faced an extractive property rights regime for both their land and knowledge. This book outlines that regime, and how the symbolic function of international intellectual property continues today to assist states to enclose indigenous peoples' knowledge. Drawing on more than 200 interviews, Peter Drahos examines the response of indigenous people to the colonizer's non-developmental property rights. The case studies reveal how they have adapted to the state's extractive order through a process of regulatory bricolage. In order to create a new developmental future for themselves, indigenous developmental networks have been forged - high trust networks that include partnerships with science. Intellectual Property, Indigenous People and their Knowledge argues for a developmental intellectual property order for indigenous people based on a combination of simple rules, principles and a process of regulatory convening"--
The institutional economics of foreign aid
Constructing world culture : international nongovernmental organizations since 1875
Not breaking the rules, not playing the game : international assistance to countries at war
International organizations : the politics and processes of global governance
Abstract (s. 3). Summary (s. 8-9).
Understanding the framing of issues in multi-actor arenas : power relations in the human rights debate
We are everywhere : the irresistible rise of global anticapitalism
Snakes in paradise : NGOs and the aid industry in Africa
Non-governmental organisations in international law
Perspectives on corporate social responsibility in international business
The emerging human right to water : as an illustrative example of the shortcomings of the rules of custom creation on the field of international human rights
Creating global governance : the role of non-governmental organizations in the United Nations
The Romani voice in world politics : the United Nations and non-state actors
"Realizing Peace combines three bodies of work that have not previously been integrated. First, it critically examines major episodes of U.S. government engagements in foreign conflicts since the beginning of the Cold War. This includes American engagements in struggles against adversaries, interventions among adversaries, and mediations between adversaries. Second, Realizing Peace also examines the efforts of non-governmental organizations and non-official individuals in advancing peace in foreign conflicts. Third, it traces and applies the developing fields of peace studies and conflict resolution, synthesized in the constructive conflict approach, to evaluate those American engagements. Using the constructive conflict approach, the book draws on its insights and research findings to make critical assessments of American engagements. Realizing Peace suggests alternative strategies that would be more effective and yield more beneficial results than did many of the strategies that had been pursued. A major set of episodes discussed in this book pertain to Americans' engagements in the Cold War, through its escalations and de-escalations, its final transformation, and subsequent American-Russian interactions. Multiple analyses also relate to conflicts with Panama, Al Qaeda, Iraq, North Korea, and Iran. In addition, interventions in Yugoslavia, Haiti, and elsewhere are examined. Finally, several mediation efforts in the Israeli-Arab/Palestinian conflicts are critically discussed. The analyses incorporate consideration of the American political circumstances and the evolving global context"--
Swedish NGOs' cooperation with Latin America
Activism, NGOs and the state : multilevel responses to immigration politics in Europe
Multi-stakeholder cooperation in global governance
Restructuring world politics : transnational social movements, networks, and norms
The politics of global governance : international organizations in an interdependent world
Learning challenges of NGOs in development : co-operation of Finnish NGOs in Morogoro, Tanzania
Governing (through) rights
Does foreign aid really work?
Peace formation and political order in conflict affected societies
