http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22233 mammary glands
mammary glands
Canonical Wnt signaling in hair and mammary gland patterning and development
RAD51C a tumor suppressor in mammary and sebaceous glands
Diseases of the mammary glands of domestic animals
Milk : the biology of lactation
Physiology of the bovine udder
Biology of lactation
The motor apparatus of the mammary gland
"After drawing its first breath every newborn mammal turns his or her complete attention to obtaining milk. This simple act was once thought to stem from a basic fact - milk provides the initial source of calories and nutrients for all mammalian young. That truth, however, is only a piece of the story. Milk, it turns out, is an extremely complex biochemical cocktail. The authors of this fascinating book, biologists Michael L. Power and Jay Schulkin, reveal milk's ancient history and show how the ingredients of mother's milk have evolved over many mammalian generations. Power and Schulkin walk us through the evolutionary origins of the mammary gland and describe the incredible diversification of milk among the various mammalian lineages, culminating in a discussion of the history of humans and milk. Once the roots of lactation are revealed, the authors describe the long list of substances that naturally occur in milk. They discuss all of the biological functions of milk - functions that reach far beyond being a baby's first food. Mothers, it turn out, pass along numerous biochemical signals to their babies through milk. The authors describe how milk boosts an infant's immune system, affects an infant's metabolism and physiology, and even helps inoculate and feed the baby's gut microbiome. Throughout the book the authors weave in stories from studies of other species, explaining how comparative research sheds light on human lactation. The authors then turn their attention to the fascinating topic of cross-species milk consumption"--
Solute traffic across the mammalian peroxisomal membrane : the role of Pxmp2
"Breastfeeding and Human Lactation, Fifth Edition continues as the leading reference for the latest clinical techniques and research findings that direct evidence-based clinical practice for lactation consultants and specialists. Thoroughly updated and revised with current research, refences, and photos, it contains a clear clinical focus with more than 2,000 research studies supporting the clinical recommendations found in the text. Topics include placing breastfeeding in its historical context, workplace-related issues, anatomical and biological imperatives of lactation, the prenatal and perinatal periods, and concerns during the postpartum period, the mother's health, and sociocultural issues. With contributions from the foremost experts in the field, Breastfeeding and Human Lactation, Fifth Edition is also an excellent resource to prepare for certification and practice as an International Board Certified Lactation Consultant (IBCLC). Included with each new print book is an Access Code for a Navigate companion Website containing a key image review."--back cover.
Role of Eda and Troy pathways in ectodermal organ development
Environmental factors effecting on udder health
Breastfeeding and human lactation
The effects of estradiol, androgens and the selective estrogen modulators : ospemifene, raloxifene and tamoxifen on explant cultures of human breast tissue
Epithelial integrity as a tumor suppressor mechanism : the interplay between Lkb1 and c‐Myc in breast cancer development
Histological classification of mammary tumors of the dog and cat
Lactation and the mammary gland
The structure of the udder
Balance between bacteria and host : the bacteria's point of view
Epithelial Integrity as a Tumor Suppressor Mechanism : the Interplay Between Lkb1 and c‐Myc in Breast Cancer Development
Transgenic cows that produce recombinant human lactoferrin in milk are not protected from experimental Escherichia coli intramammary infection
Molecular regulation of embryonic mammary gland development
Milk : The mammary gland and its secretion. Vol. 2
The breastfeeding atlas
Peroxisomal channels : the biological role of Pxmp2 protein in mouse and channel-forming activities of glycosomal membrane from Trypanosoma brucei
Novel roles of HCG/LH signalling in the mouse mammary gland and its tumorigenesis
Antibacterial defence mechanisms of the udder
Blood selenium, vitamin E, vitamin A, and B-carotene concentrations and udder health, fertility treatments, and fertility
"After drawing its first breath, every newborn mammal turns his or her complete attention to obtaining milk. This primal act was once thought to stem from a basic fact: milk provides the initial source of calories and nutrients for all mammalian young. But it turns out that milk is a much more complicated biochemical cocktail and provides benefits beyond nutrition. In this fascinating book, biologists Michael L. Power and Jay Schulkin reveal this liquid's evolutionary history and show how its ingredients have changed over many millions of years to become a potent elixir. Power and Schulkin walk readers through the early origins of the mammary gland and describe the incredible diversification of milk among the various mammalian lineages. After revealing the roots of lactation, the authors describe the substances that naturally occur in milk and discuss their biological functions. They reveal that mothers pass along numerous biochemical signals to their babies through milk. The authors explain how milk boosts an infant's immune system, affects an infant's metabolism and physiology, and helps inoculate and feed the baby's gut microbiome. Throughout the book, the authors weave in stories from studies of other species, explaining how comparative research sheds light on human lactation. The authors then turn their attention to the fascinating topic of cross-species milk consumption--something only practiced by certain humans who evolved an ability to retain lactase synthesis into adulthood. The first book to discuss milk from a comparative and evolutionary perspective, Power and Schulkin's masterpiece reveals the rich biological story of the common thread that connects all mammals"--
Mammary gland function with special reference to vascularisation and atrial natriuretic peptide
Novel functions of ErbB4 and NRG-1 in development and cancer
