http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22227 connections to working life
connections to working life
Towards vocational top expertise
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
Work-related teaching and learning : a guide for teachers and practitioners
Novel approach to organize higher education in regional units
Training professionals for the global marketplace : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
Abstract: Developing Music Management in European collaboration. Cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management.
This thesis examines the development possibilities of the Degree Programme in Tourism (DPT) in Tampere University of Applied Sciences (TAMK) from the different stakeholders' perspective. The focus development area is the curriculum of the study programme which is under renewal and will be established in 2013. The aim of the thesis is to produce concrete development ideas from the experiences and opinions of the internal and external stakeholders of TAMK. The internal stakeholders are represented by the students of the DPT, and the external stakeholders are the representatives of the local labour market. The possible cooperation between the stakeholders is investigated in order to bring working life closer to the students and studies and to benefit the local businesses. Primary data was collected from the internal stakeholders with group theme interviews and from the external stakeholders with a semi-structured questionnaire, as well as with a semi-structured élite interview. Secondary data included existing data such as scientific literature, statistics, notes, the Internet, researches and other available publications. In the thesis process, the theories of competencies and qualifications were used as well as the Learning by Developing model of Laurea University of Applied Sciences discovered by benchmarking. The collected and analyzed data revealed the target areas of development. According to the internal stakeholders the improvements should be targeted to the working life relation of the studies; to the quality of education and the course contents; to the guidance received; and to the more practical approach in studies. All these would prepare the students better for the future working life. The external stakeholders stressed that the practical know-how and multidisciplinary skills are the requirements of the working life, and that the attention should be paid to the requirements imposed by the tourism industry trends in the Tampere Region in the DPT studies. The results indicate that mutually beneficial changes to the curriculum and cooperation between the stakeholders can be made, in which case the studies would prepare the students with competencies to meet the qualifications of the working life. According to the writers' of the thesis the working life relation in the studies should be emphasized more and it would also be one area for further research. Key words: Curriculum, developing, DPT, stakeholder, Tampere Region.
Teachers as bridge builders between education and working life in master's degree education in future
Abstract: Cross-evaluation Reports of the Degree Programmes in Automation  Technology, Software Engineering, and Information Technology.
Developing music management in European collaboration : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in music management
Russian Karelia - an opportunity for the West
Painting the potential [of] working life education and development services offered by the Finnish Innovation University
Guide for the implementation of vocational teachers' work placement periods
Recipes : co-operation between school and working life
Employee relations
eJournal Quicker steps
Social Networks and the Working Life : design and development of a business oriented social network website for the Innowell project
Power of growth in the Learning and Competence Creating Ecosystem : Learning and Competence Creating Ecosystem - LCCE®
The competent teacher 2010-2020 : the competences of teaching staff in upper secondary vocational education and training : final report
Higher education institutions and innovation in the knowledge society
Small business and the public library : strategies for a successful partnership
"Playing with the professional musician is the best way to learn” : workshop-based on-the-job learning in the vocational education of musicians.
Facilitating work-based learnig : a handbook for tutors
Introduction:  A close connection with working life is one of the main emphases in universities of applied sciences in Finland. This goal can be achieved e.g. by developing the contacts between research, development work and innovation (RDI) and teaching.  Creating a strong RDI profile for Master's degree programmes Finnish Ministry of Education and Culture launched a nationwide project in 2013-2015. The aims of the project are, for example, to bring teaching and workplaces closer together, to support networking and to transfer knowledge and competence between higher education institutions and workplaces. The tripartite model, which means partnership of students, teachers and representatives of working life, is a framework for all research and development.    This paper presents the results of one study which was done in this project.     The main focus is:  1) to describe and forecast how the role of the teachers will be shared with students and workplace experts in the future, and   2) to clarify the new roles and characteristics of future teachers as an important part of intensifying many-sided cooperation.     The theoretical background and literature review of that study consist of partnership, cooperation and network.  Methodology and results    Four Finnish universities of applied sciences participated in the research project collecting data by using Mill Model, innovation and co-creation method working in five workshops. The basic idea of the Idea Mill Model is to gather a general summary of ideas written down in the groups finding common answers to the questions about future teachership.    The informants participating in the workshops had gained several years of experience in Master's degree program, RDI activities or teaching. They had been invited to paying attention to a tripartite model forms from cooperation of student, mentor and teacher tutor. The themes based on research questions were discussed in the workshops. The data were analysed with content analysis. The number of participants in different workshops was between 12-26 persons.    The teacher of Master programme should have, for example, good knowledge and know-how in partnership, work experience as well as a multidisciplinary approach. The teacher has to be flexible, international and he/she should have the willingness and ability to use technical tools. The teacher's role and competences will vary depending on different situations in partnership.    The research produces multifaceted and deep new information about a cooperative teacher who is working closer with working life and building bridges between education in universities and in industry. In our article we will present the results of the study which will show what are the competences, knowledge and know-how of a master's programme teacher to act as a teacher as bridge builder connecting teaching and RDI. The results could be used to develop cooperation between universities and working life.
Practical skills, education and development : vocational education and training in Finland
Developing Music Management in European collaboration : cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management
Co-operation between universities of applied sciences and world of work : employee perspective on the benefits
Learning and Competence Creating Ecosystem - LCCE®
Productization of university services
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
The motivations, values and aspirations of students in initial vocational education towards the world of work
Teaching, learning, and research in higher education : a critical approach
"We are a training and development organisation" : research and development in Finnish Polytechnics
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Germany / Richard Lord
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Developing cooperation between SKS Mekaniikka Oy and educational institutions
Abstract: Training professionals for the global marketplace. Cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business.
Towards innovation pedagogy : a new approach to teaching and learning for universities of applied sciences
From taboo to health and human rights : development of professional expertise in sexual health promotion
Employers' intention to hire highly educated foreign workforce in the Kokkola region : implications for higher education
Developing degree programme in tourism in Tampere university of applied sciences : stakeholders' perspective
Training professionals for the global marketplace: cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
The infographic resume : how to create a visual portfolio that showcases your skills and lands the job
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
