http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22220 narrative analysis
narrative analysis narrative research
Sensitivity in indigenous identity research
Reagan's mythical America : towards a narrative theory of prophetic politics
Signs of hope : deafhearing family life
I did it to save my life : love and survival in Sierra Leone
Qualitative research in nursing and healthcare
Narrative, memory and life transitions
Reflections on self and other in a novel environment : exchange student experiences of living and studying in Finland
Narrating female subjectivity in the autobiographical texts of Elena Bonner, Emma Gerštejn and Maja Pliseckaja
Narrative is a pioneer concept in our trans-disciplinary age. For decades, it has been one of the most successful catchwords in literature, history, cultural studies, philosophy, and health studies. While the expansion of narrative studies has led to significant advances across a number of fields, the travels for the concept itself have been a somewhat more complex. Has the concept of narrative passed intact from literature to sociology, from structuralism to therapeutic practice or to the study of everyday storytelling? In this volume, philosophers, psychologists, literary theorists, sociolinguists, and sociologists use methodologically challenging test cases to scrutinize the types, transformations, and trajectories of the concept and theory of narrative. The book powerfully argues that narrative concepts are profoundly relevant in the understanding of life, experience, and literary texts. Nonetheless, it emphasizes the vast contextual differences and contradictions in the use of the concept.
The travelling concepts of narrative
'Our forest' : ageing, agency and 'connection with nature' in rural Tornedalen, northern Sweden
Reading Pictures, Constructing Narratives: A Study upon Pictorial Narrativity and a
Admission to university : narratives of Finnish open university students
Narratology : introduction to the theory of narrative
Nationalism in cross-border acquisitions : a media analysis of the Sanofi-Aventis case
The Power of Leadership Storytelling : Case of Adolf Hitler
Evaluation in and for developmental work activity : towards an activity theoretically oriented narrative evaluation approach
Gender and narrative in the Mahābhārata
Storying domestic violence : constructions and stereotypes of abuse in the discourse of general practitioners
Storying : a path to our future : artful thinking, learning, teaching, and research
Biblical text and texture : a literary reading of selected texts
Narrative psychology : identity, transformation and ethics
Novice university teachers' professional development and learning as a teacher : opportunities and conditions at Estonian higher education institutions
Music autoethnographies : making autoethnography sing : making music personal
Narrating care and entrepreneurship
What Is narrative research?
Philosophical underpinnings of the narrative turn in theory and fiction
Narrative social work : theory and application
Teachers' intercultural learning and competence
Narrative construction of professional teacher identity of teachers with dyslexia
Liminal belonging : West African male asylum seekers' narratives of the asylum experience whilst in Finland
Introduction, or, another story of narrative
Storied relationships:students recall their teachers
Thinking and reasoning in therapy : narratives from practice
Summary in Estonian.
Brand identity development for an individual : case : Blondinbella – from blog to brand
Opening heaven's floodgates : the Genesis flood narrative, its context, and reception
Doing gender differently : tales of terror and joy within the Finnish ICT-business
"This handbook provides a systematic overview of the present state of international research in narratology and is now available in a second, fully revised and expanded edition. Detailed individual studies by internationally renowned narratologists elucidate central terms of narratology, present a critical account of the major research positions and their historical development and indicate directions for future research."
Russian immigrant entrepreneurship in Finland : narratives of eight Russian immigrant entrepreneurs
Innovations in educational ethnography : theory, methods, and results
Narrating social work through autoethnography
Apocalyptic imagination in the Gospel of Mark : the literary and theological role of Mark 3:22-30
Go where you belong : male teachers as cultural workers in the lives of children, families, and communities
Interpreting human stories, whether those told by individuals, groups, organizations, nations, or even civilizations, opens a wide scope of research options for understanding how people construct, shape, and reshape their perceptions, identities, and beliefs. Such narrative research is a rapidly growing field in the social sciences, as well as in the societally oriented humanities, such as cultural studies. This methodologically framed book offers conceptual directions for the study of social narrative, guiding readers through the means of narrative research and raising important ethical and value-related dilemmas. Shenhav details three classic elements of narrative―text, story, and narration―familiar concepts to those in literary studies. To the classic trilolgy of terms, this book also adds multiplicity, a crucial element for applying narrative analysis to the social sciences as it rests on the understanding that social narratives seek reproduction and self-multiplicity in order to become "social" and influential. The aim of this book is to create an easy, clear, and welcoming introduction to narratology as a mode of analysis, especially designed for students of the social sciences to provide the basics of a narratological approach, and to help make research and writing in this tradition more systematic.
Storytelling, narrative, and the thematic apperception test
"Theorizing Narrativity" is a collective work by an international array of leading specialists in narrative theory. It provides new perspectives on the nature of narrative and narrativity, genre theory, narrative semiotics and communication theory. Most contributions center on the specificity of literary fiction, but each chapter investigates a different dimension of narrativity with many issues dealt with in innovative ways (including oral storytelling, the law, video games, causality, intertextuality and the theory of reading).
The power of narrative in environmental networks
Becoming educated
Narratives of positive aging : seaside stories
Creating autoethnographies
The power of antiquity : the Hyperborean research tradition in early modern Swedish research on national antiquity
Power in the narratives of Finnish women and men with an intra familial child sexual abuse background [Elektroninen julkaisu]
Diverse perspectives on inclusive school communities
When storyworlds collide : metalepsis in popular fiction, film and comics
Analyzing social narratives
Indigenous responses to neocolonialist policies : “stop the political games!”
Rethinking narrative identity : persona and perspective
Handbook of narrative inquiry : mapping a methodology
Narrative imagination and everyday life
Closure in biblical narrative
Narrative identity and moral identity : a practical perspective
Theorizing narrativity
Career development factors of the successful General Managers : Case: Scandic Group
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
Narrative development in adolescence : creating the storied self
Muses of one mind : The literary analysis of experience and its continuity
First person action research : living life as inquiry
The Bible remains one of the major literary achievements of human history, comprising over 60 documents, with as many contributors, and composed over many centuries. In this book, Michael Fishbane approaches the Hebrew Bible from a literary point of view. He demonstrates how, just as orators use particular techniques such as repetition and pause to convey their message in the way they require, the Hebrew Bible authors used a range of literary devices to communicate a religious message applicable to particular historical moments, each with their own political, moral and theological contexts. Review: "A beautifully written little volume containing ... sensitivity to language, spiritual insight, and passionate faith." John G. Gamie Interpretation "very readable and instructive introduction to a literary reading of scripture." Epworth Review "a useful contribution to the study of the Bible as literature." Journal for the Study of the Old Testament "this volume still retains its freshness" Theological Book Review "there are stunning insights clearly presented" World Faiths Encounter
The drama of the Messiah in Matthew 8 and 9 : a study from a communicative perspective
What is narrative criticism? : a new approach to the Bible
Composite artistry in the Book of Numbers : a study in Biblical narrative conventions
Handbook of narratology
Summary.
Stories and their limits : Narrative Approaches to Bioethics
Women's leader-member relationships during pregnancy and the return to work
Peter in the Gospel of John : the making of an authentic disciple
Understanding narrative inquiry : the crafting and analysis of stories as research
A recited community : figures of an identity foretold : narrating heritage and positioning boundaries among student partisan groups in plural Lebanon
Narratives of depression in couple therapy
Mythistory and narratives of the nation in the Balkans
This text is a comprehensive introduction to narrative inquiry in the social sciences. It provides students with the philosophical and theoretical underpinnings of this popular approach to qualitative research, along with practical guidance on research design, data collection, data analysis and interpretation. Several extracts from narrative studies are included in chapter 9, together with questions for discussion. With chapter-opening vignettes illustrating a graduate student's research dilemmas, the book not only guides students with how to process narrative inquiry, it also helps raise their consciousness about what it means to be a qualitative researcher, and a narrative inquirer in particular.
Storied relationships : students recall their teachers
Between the 'real' and the 'imagined' : professional learning, reflective practice and transformational leadership
The world translated : narratives and National Geographic
Living autobiographically : how we create identity in narrative
Contextualising narrative inquiry : developing methodological approaches for local contexts
Narrative discourse analysis for teacher educators : managing cultural differences in classrooms
Exploring agency in entrepreneurship development : a narrative approach
Evaluation and reasoning in the entrepreneurial opportunity process : narratives from sex industry entrepreneurs
This child is also mine : a narrative approach to the phenomenon of atypical custodial grandparenthood
High fidelity and character complexity in the book of Ruth
The process of becoming a top worker
"Narrative inquiry is growing in popularity as a research methodology in the social sciences, medicine and the humanities. In narrative inquiry, the transparency of interactions between researcher and research participants, together with rich, contextual descriptions, help to shape and structure research texts rendering them engaging and readable. Contextualising Narrative Inquiry argues that all researchers should foreground the importance of the context in which research takes place and develop methodological approaches that are grounded in their local contexts. To do so, they need to pay attention to how knowledge is constructed, shared and understood in those contexts. This is particularly important when contexts have been subjugated historically through colonialism and when local, indigenous ways of knowing have been ignored or dismissed. The contributors to this edited collection have all used narrative inquiry for a range of topics and in a range of contexts, including: Leadership styles of Asian women The Deaf community in the UK Voluntary celibacy in Malta Administrators in Ghanaian higher education Multiculturalism in primary education in Cyprus Teacher identities in Hong Kong The reflective practitioner in higher education in Malaysia. The diversity of the topics illuminates the potential for narrative inquiry to be used to investigate a broad range of issues in many contexts by people with a wide range of backgrounds. A common thread throughout is a reflexive discussion of how each contributor used narrative inquiry as a methodological approach; highlighting not only its affordances, but also the complexities of using it in specific cultural, social and historical contexts".
Qualitative research : an introduction to methods and designs
Nurturing, breadwinning, and upbringing: paternal responsibilities by Finnish men in early fatherhood
Teacher educators' professional development and it's support at university
Narratives of seven northern Namibian students on the cultural encounters at the Finnish mission secondary schools in northern Namibia during the 1960's
Back to life : how to use positive psychology to beat anorexia?
Narrative research on learning : comparative and international perspectives
Abstract.
The many facets of an inter-organisational information system project as perceived by the actors
Caught in the middle? : narrative identity construction of middle management in strategic change
From memories of the past to anticipations of the future:pre-service elementary teachers’ mathematical identity work
Almas’ story : a young muslim refugee girl’s experiences as newcomer in Northern-Finland
Engaging in narrative inquiry
Poverty and Sickness in Modern Europe : narratives of the Sick Poor, 1780-1938
Narrative networks : storied approaches in a digital age
Finnish straight-A graduates' perceptions of the smoothness of their study paths
Organizational epics and sagas : tales of organizations
The narrative of Noah's flood in Genesis draws perennial interest from scholars and the general public. Too often, however, historical and exegetical studies of the text, the story's reception, and discussion of theological appropriation remain aloof from each other, if not at odds. This volume takes the influential nature of the flood story as an ideal opportunity to bring some of these methods into dialogue. Opening Heaven's Floodgates offers sixteen new essays from international scholars which utilize some of the diverse tools that contemporary biblical scholars have. These are balanced between textual, historical, comparative, and theological approaches, ranging from Jewish calendars to modern ark builders, 1 Enoch to Ricoeur. Beyond each essay's new perspectives on the flood narrative, they are drawn together with an introduction focusing on the themes of myth and reception and two critical responses to the collection by Walter Bruggemann and Philip Davies.
Broken stories : narrative vs. narration in travelling theories of cultural trauma
The Routledge international handbook on narrative and life history
Reframing the image of the owner : a narrative approach to website localization
Narrative mapping and polyphony in urban planning
