http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22279 ecocriticism
ecocriticism
Rethinking the theatre of the absurd : ecology, the environment and the greening of the modern stage
Reclaiming nostalgia : longing for nature in American literature
The aesthetics of care : on the literary treatment of animals
Words on water : literary and cultural representations
Barbara Kingsolver's world : nature, art, and the twenty-first century
The literature of waste : material ecopoetics and ethical matter
Relating with the other in naturecultures : ethics and well-being in Elfquest comics
Asian American literature and the environment
Environmental criticism is a relatively new discipline that brings the global problem of environmental crisis to the forefront of literary and cultural studies. This introduction defines what ecocriticism is and provides a set of conceptual tools to encourage students to look at the texts they're reading in a new way.
"Establishing the field of Waste Studies, a material ecocritical approach, The Literature of Waste traces literal and figurative waste in the western canon. The materiality of waste - as in landfills, trashcans, garbage dumps, compost piles - inevitably transforms into metaphor. Waste emerges out of various disciplines, such as anthropological codification, psychological repression of bodily decay, sociological civilizing process, historical garbaging of the past, economic conspicuous consumption, urban disposal of bodily waste, religious sin, and philosophical angst. Vibrant materialism disturbs the use of the metaphor of waste used to characterize people as disposable garbage. If we can read waste as possessing dynamic agency, how might that change the ethics of refuse-ing and ostracizing wasted humans? Poets, the ragpickers of litter-ature, cure homeopathically. Waste, Compost, and Gleaning Aesthetics acknowledge the poignancy of materiality by revealing the humanity we share. "--
A biocultural approach to literary theory and interpretation
Travel and ethics : theory and practice
The postcolonial world
Utopias and the environment
Green culture : environmental rhetoric in contemporary America
Green Shakespeare : from ecopolitics to ecocriticism
The future of environmental criticism : environmental crisis and literary imagination
J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings as an ecocritical work : nature as hyper-visible and thematically forefront
Writing trauma, writing time and space : Jane Smiley's A Thousand Acres and the Lear group father-daughter incest narratives
Fleeting, floating, flowing : water writing and modernity
Ecofeminism
T.S. Eliot, poetry, and earth : the name of the lotos rose
A Companion to the Literature and Culture of the American West presents an in depth exploration of historic and contemporary cultural expressions rooted in America's western states. A series of illuminating essays by literary and cultural scholars reveals the complexity of the many "wests" in our imagination and reality.
Back to nature : the green and the real in the late Renaissance
Slow violence and the environmentalism of the poor
The Cambridge introduction to literature and the environment
Environmental criticism for the twenty-first century
Ecocriticism and women writers : environmentalist poetics of Virginia Woolf, Jeanette Winterson, and Ali Smith
Victorian literature, energy, and the ecological imagination
Rethinking the Theatre of the Absurd is an innovative collection of essays, written by leading scholars in the fields of theatre, performance and eco-criticism, which reconfigures absurdist theatre through the optics of ecology and environment. As well as offering strikingly new interpretations of the work of canonical playwrights such as Beckett, Genet, Ionesco, Adamov, Albee, Kafka, Pinter, Shephard and Churchill, the book playfully mimics the structure of Martin Esslin's classic text The Theatre of the Absurd, which is commonly recognised as one of the most important scholarly publications of the 20th century. By reading absurdist drama, for the first time, as an emergent form of ecological theatre, Rethinking the Theatre of the Absurd interrogates afresh the very meaning of absurdism for 21st-century audiences, while at the same time making a significant contribution to the development of theatre and performance studies as a whole. The collection's interdisciplinary approach, accessibility, and ecological focus will appeal to students and academics in a number of different fields, including theatre, performance, English, French, geography and philosophy. It will also have a major impact on the new cross disciplinary paradigm of eco-criticism.
Ecocriticism and Geocriticism: Overlapping Territories in Environmental and Spatial Literary Studies presents an interdisciplinary collection of essays which address the complementary and contested aspects of these related, but sometimes conflicting, approaches to literature, cultural, and society in the twenty-first century.
The limits and possibilities of symbolism : rhetorical and ecocritical views on Finnish bird poetry of the 1960's and 1970's
American Earth : environmental writing since Thoreau
Eco-aesthetics : art, literature and architecture in a period of climate change
Environmentalism in the realm of science fiction and fantasy literature
Wilderness into civilized shapes : reading the postcolonial environment
Margaret Atwood : The robber bride, The blind assassin, Oryx and Crake
Coming into contact : explorations in ecocritical theory and practice
Literature, ecology, ethics : recent trends in ecocriticism
Modernism and theory : a critical debate
Ecology and life writing
Contact at liminal borders : challenging the hyperseparation of the human and non-human in Philip K. Dick's Do Androids Drem of Electric Sheep?
Children's literature and the posthuman : animal, environment, cyborg
Ecological literary criticism : romantic imagining and the biology of mind
Narnia and the Fields of Arbol : the environmental vision of C.S. Lewis
Vibrant matter : a political ecology of things
Where the wild books are : a field guide to ecofiction
"Green Screen identifies the various ways in which the natural world and the built environment have been conceptualised in American culture, and analyses the interplay of environmental ideologies at work in Hollywood movies. David Ingram argues that Hollywood cinema plays an important ideological role in the 'greenwashing' of ecological discourses, while largely perpetuating romantic attitudes to nature, including those prevalent in deep ecological thought. These arcadian constructions remain ultimately at the service of a mainstream environmentalist agenda."--BOOK JACKET.
The comedy of survival : literary ecology and a play ethic
The violence wrought by climate change, toxic drift, deforestation, oil spills, and the environmental aftermath of war takes place gradually and often invisibly. Using the innovative concept of "slow violence" to describe these threats, the author focuses on the inattention we have paid to the attritional lethality of many environmental crises, in contrast with the sensational, spectacle driven messaging that impels public activism today. Slow violence, because it is so readily ignored by a hard charging capitalism, exacerbates the vulnerability of ecosystems and of people who are poor, disempowered, and often involuntarily displaced, while fueling social conflicts that arise from desperation as life sustaining conditions erode. In this book the author examines a cluster of writer/activists affiliated with the environmentalism of the poor in the global South. By approaching environmental justice literature from this transnational perspective, he exposes the limitations of the national and local frames that dominate environmental writing. And by illuminating the strategies these writer/activists deploy to give dramatic visibility to environmental emergencies, he invites his readers to engage with some of the most pressing challenges of our time.
Film landscapes : cinema, environment and visual culture
From apocalypse to the new paradise : early ecological thinking and Aino Kallas' work in 1920s
Global ecologies and the environmental humanities : postcolonial approaches
A keener perception : ecocritical studies in american art history
Glimpses of the impending doom : contradictory values and environmental views as reflections of contemporary society in Margaret Atwood's novels Oryx and Crake and The year of the flood
Postcolonial tourism : literature, culture, and environment
"The remains of an orchard" : (post)pastoral elements in Cormac McCarthy's The road
Ecoambiguity, Community, and Development takes stock of cultural and environmental contexts in many different regions of the world by exploring literature and film. Artists and scholars working in the social ecology, environmental justice, and postcolonial arenas have long recognized that as soon as we tug on a thread of "ecodegradation," we generally find it linked to some form of cultural oppression. The reverse is also often true. In the spirit of postcolonial ecocriticism, the studies collected by Scott Slovic, Swarnalatha Rangarajan, and Vidya Sarveswaran emphasize the impossibility of disentangling environmental and cultural problems. While not all the authors explicitly invoke Karen Thornber's term "ecoambiguity" or the concepts and terminology of postcolonial ecocriticism, their articles frequently bring to light various ironies. The repetition of this and other paradoxes in human cultural responses to the more-than-human world reinforces our sense of the congruities and idiosyncrasies of human culture.
Theodore Roethke, William Stafford, and Gary Snyder : the ecological metaphor as transformed regionalism
Early modern ecostudies : from the Florentine codex to Shakespeare
"T. S. Eliot enjoyed a profound relationship with Earth. Etienne Terblanche demonstrates that Eliot presents Earth as a process in which humans immerse themselves. The Waste Land and Four Quartets in particular re-locate the modern reader towards mindfulness of Earth's continuation as a process in which one participates. These findings, based on careful reading of the poems, allows the book to venture into ecocritical terrain, focusing on the recent advent of new materialism as a microcosm of the ecocriticism, building on and/or critiquing the work of Edward Said, Jacques Derrida, Gary Snyder, Jane Bennett, and others. Here the argument delves into important questions about the relative crisis within ecocriticism to which Eliot's poetry may well give a certain direction. His poetry uses indirectness and skepticism as avenues into directness and affirmation of earthly being and non-being, speaking to the ways in which new materialism places ecocriticism between fairly drastic material skepticism based on the linguistic and affirmation of earthly agency. Should new materialism continue to clamor towards the linguistic turn? Should it perpetuate the twin legacies of culture studies that avoid actual analysis in response to the real presence of great art and poststructuralist infinite differentiation that undermines not only real poetic presence, but also that of an agentic Earth? The argument seeks answers to these questions from the eco-logos of Eliot's poems, that is, the way in which they orient themselves within Earth's remarkably continuing process. It concludes that his poetic project marks an illuminating instance of the continuing bond between meaningfulness and the primacy of humanity's connections with Earth, providing impetus to ecocriticism's way forward" --
Green planets : ecology and science fiction
Environmental philosophy : from animal rights to radical ecology
New world orders in contemporary children's literature : utopian transformations
Five emus to the king of Siam : environment and empire
Animal Victims in Modern Fiction : from Sanctity to Sacrifice
REAL : yearbook of research in English and American literature. Vol. 26, Transcultural spaces : challenges of urbanity, ecology, and the environment
Teaching ecocriticism and green cultural studies
Classical Literature: An Introduction provides a series of essays on all the major authors of Greek and Latin literature, as well as on a number of writers less often read. An introductory chapter provides information on important general topics, such as poetic metres, patronage and symposia. The literature is put in historical context, and the material is organized chronologically, but also by genre or author, as appropriate; each section or chapter has suggestions for further reading. The book ranges from Homer to the writers of the later Roman Empire, and includes a glossary, a chronology of literary and political events, and useful maps showing the origins of ancient writers. The collection will be essential for students and others who want a structured and informative introduction to the literature of the classical world.
International perspectives in feminist ecocriticism
Writing the environment : ecocriticism and literature
The environmental justice reader : politics, poetics & pedagogy
Dancing with disaster : environmental histories, narratives, and ethics for perilous times
New directions in ecofeminist literary criticism
This book is a ground-breaking transnational study of representations of the environment in Asian American literature. Extending and renewing Asian American studies and ecocriticism by drawing the two fields into deeper dialogue, it brings Asian American writers to the center of ecocritical studies. This collection demonstrates the distinctiveness of Asian American writers' positions on topics of major concern today: environmental justice, identity and the land, war environments, consumption, urban environments, and the environment and creativity. Represented authors include Amy Tan, Maxine Hong Kingston, Ruth Ozeki, Ha Jin, Fae Myenne Ng, Le Ly Hayslip, Lan Cao, Mitsuye Yamada, Lawson Fusao Inada, Jeanne Wakatsuki Houston, Milton Murayama, Don Lee, and Hisaye Yamamoto. These writers provide a range of perspectives on the historical, social, psychological, economic, philosophical, and aesthetic responses of Asian Americans to the environment conceived in relation to labor, racism, immigration, domesticity, global capitalism, relocation, pollution, violence, and religion. Contributors apply a diversity of critical frameworks, including critical radical race studies, counter-memory studies, ecofeminism, and geomantic criticism. The book presents a compelling and timely "green" perspective through which to understand key works of Asian American literature and leads the field of ecocriticism into neglected terrain.
Ecoambiguity, community, and development : toward a politicized ecocriticism
Ecopoetics : the language of nature, the nature of language
Postcolonial environments : nature, culture and the contemporary Indian novel in English
Green screen : environmentalism and Hollywood cinema
Enacting nature : ecocritical perspectives on indigenous performance
Postcolonial ecologies : literatures of the environment
The Oxford handbook of ecocriticism
Environmentality : ecocriticism and the event of postcolonial fiction
"Ecocriticsim is the study of literature and the environment from an interdisciplinary point of view, coming together to analyze the environment and determine possible solutions for the correction of the contemporary environmental situation. The discipline was heralded by publication of The Ecocrticism Reader (U Georgia, 1996) and Lawrence Buell's The Environmental Imagination (Harvard, 1995). Recently, all kinds of "texts" have been subjected to ecocritical methods (film, TV, scientific narrative, and architecture as well as nature writing and Romantic poetry) and questions about place (see our Getting Back into Place, 2nd ed., 2009), materialism (agency, process, and relationship), grounding in the natural sciences, and philosophical precision have defined the movement. This edited volume aims to bring ecocriticism closer to the material turn. The essays collected here focus on material entanglements, the agency of things, processes, and making meaning out of matter and things. It is an effective an broad-ranging reflection on contemporary human experience and human expression about the world to which we are intimately connected. Boith Iovino and Opperman are well know as ecocrtical theorists. They have collected essays from many of the stars in the discipline and this volume should set a new benchmark for the field"--
Ecocritical explorations in literary and cultural studies : fences, boundaries, and fields
The ecocriticism reader : landmarks in literary ecology
Moments along the road : place and sense of place in Jack Kerouac's On the road
A companion to the literature and culture of the American West
Romantic sustainability : endurance and the natural world, 1780-1830
" In The Necropastoral: Poetry, Media, Occults, poet Joyelle McSweeney presents an ecopoetics and a theory of Art that reflect such biological principles as degradation, proliferation, contamination, and decay. In these ambitious, bustling essays, McSweeney resituates poetry as a medium amid media; hosts "strange meetings" of authors, texts, and artworks across the boundaries of genre, period, and nation; and examines such epiphenomena as translation, anachronism, and violence. Through readings of artists as diverse as Wilfred Owen, Andy Warhol, Harryette Mullen, Roberto Bolano, Aime Cesaire, and Georges Bataille, The Necropastoral shows by what strategies art persists amid lethal conditions as a spectacular, uncanny force"--
The vegan studies project : food, animals, and gender in the age of terror
Theatre ecology : environments and performance events
Carrigan here examines the aesthetic portrayal of tourism in postcolonial literatures. Looking at the cultural and ecological effects of mass tourism development in states that are still grappling with the legacies of 'western' colonialism, he argues that postcolonial writers provide blueprints toward sustainable tourism futures.
Hollywood utopia : ecology in contemporary American cinema
Ecocriticism and geocriticism : overlapping territories in environmental and spatial literary studies
Considering animals : contemporary studies in human-animal relations
Current directions in ecomusicology : music, culture, nature
Literary theory : the basics
"Establishes that we cannot comprehend environmental and medical dilemmas through data alone and must call on the sometimes surprising emotions that literary metaphors, tropes, and narratives deploy."--Publishers website.
Ecosickness in contemporary U.S. fiction : environment and affect
Ecocriticism : the essential reader
Caribbean literature and the environment : between nature and culture
"This authoritative collection of rigorous but accessible essays investigates the exciting new interdisciplinary field of environmental literary criticism"--
Man and the milieu : ecocritical analysis of Ernest Hemingway's "Big Two-Hearted River" and "Indian Camp"
Enviro-Toons : green themes in animated cinema and television
Living American studies
The Horse, the Howl and the Hatchet : nature representations in Ronia, the robber's daughter and Hatchet
Ecocritical theory : new European approaches
The degrading environment of the planet is something that touches everyone. This book offers an introductory overview of literary and cultural criticism that concerns environmental crisis in some form. Both as a way of reading texts and as a theoretical approach to culture more generally, 'ecocriticism' is a varied and fast-changing set of practices which challenges inherited thinking and practice in the reading of literature and culture. This introduction defines what ecocriticism is, its methods, arguments and concepts, and will enable students to look at texts in a wholly new way. Boxed sections explain key critical terms and contemporary debates in the field with 'hands-on' examples and comparisons. Timothy Clark's thoughtful approach makes this an ideal first encounter with environmental readings of literature.
An ecocritical exploration into Yvonne Vera's Butterfly Burning and The Stone Virgins
The Cambridge Companion to Literature and the Environment
The future of ecocriticism : new horizons
The Jukebox in the garden : ecocriticism and American popular music since 1960
Ecocriticism and the idea of culture : biology and the bildungsroman
Ecology and literature : ecocentric personification from antiquity to the twenty-first century
Local natures, global responsibilities : ecocritical perspectives on the new English literatures
Culture, creativity and environment : new environmentalist criticism
Empowering transformations : Mrs Pepperpot revisited
"Tracing the presence of material and metaphoric waste in the western canon, Morrison, arguing within a material ecocritical approach, proposes an ethical paradigm by which waste, compost, and gleaning aesthetics in poetry homeopathically heal"--
Writing worlds, reading landscapes : an exploration of settings in fantasy
The ISLE reader : ecocriticism, 1993-2003
The ecocritical psyche : literature, evolutionary complexity and Jung
"Support your right to arm bears" : animal imagery in Gary Snyder's poetry
Black on earth : African American ecoliterary traditions
Handbook of ecocriticism and cultural ecology
Ecocriticism and early modern English literature : green pastures
In Vibrant Matter the political theorist Jane Bennett, renowned for her work on nature, ethics, and affect, shifts her focus from the human experience of things to things themselves. Bennett argues that political theory needs to do a better job of recognizing the active participation of nonhuman forces in events. Toward that end, she theorizes a "vital materiality" that runs through and across bodies, both human and nonhuman. Bennett explores how political analyses of public events might change were we to acknowledge that agency always emerges as the effect of ad hoc configurations of human and nonhuman forces. She suggests that recognizing that agency is distributed this way, and is not solely the province of humans, might spur the cultivation of a more responsible, ecologically sound politics: a politics less devoted to blaming and condemning individuals than to discerning the web of forces affecting situations and events. Bennett examines the political and theoretical implications of vital materialism through extended discussions of commonplace things and physical phenomena including stem cells, fish oils, electricity, metal, and trash. She reflects on the vital power of material formations such as landfills, which generate lively streams of chemicals, and omega-3 fatty acids, which can transform brain chemistry and mood. Along the way, she engages with the concepts and claims of Spinoza, Nietzsche, Thoreau, Darwin, Adorno, and Deleuze, disclosing a long history of thinking about vibrant matter in Western philosophy, including attempts by Kant, Bergson, and the embryologist Hans Driesch to name the "vital force" inherent in material forms. Bennett concludes by sketching the contours of a "green materialist" ecophilosophy.
Ecomusicology : rock, folk, and the environment
The transatlantic eco-romanticism of Gary Snyder
Sense of place and sense of planet : the environmental imagination of the global
Myths of wilderness in contemporary narratives : environmental postcolonialism in Australia and Canada
The bioregional imagination : literature, ecology, and place
The necropastoral : poetry, media, occults
Strange beauty : ecocritical approaches to early medieval landscape
By moving beyond traditional aesthetic categories (beauty, the sublime, the religious), Eco-Aesthetics takes an inter-disciplinary approach bridging the arts, humanities and social sciences and explores what aesthetics might mean in the 21st century. It is one in a series of new, radical aesthetics promoting debate, confronting convention and formulating alternative ways of thinking about art practice. There is no doubt that the social and environmental spheres are interconnected but can art and artists really make a difference to the global environmental crisis? Can art practice meaningfully contribute to the development of sustainable lifestyles? Malcolm Miles explores the strands of eco-art, eco-aesthetics and contemporary aesthetic theories, offering timely critiques of consumerism and globalisation and, ultimately, offers a possible formulation of an engaged eco-aesthetic for the early 21st century.
Environmental culture : the ecological crisis of reason
New international voices in ecocriticism
Water in social imagination : from technological optimism to contemporary environmentalism
Feminist ecocriticism : environment, women, and literature
