http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22228 working life orientation
working life orientation
Work-related teaching and learning : a guide for teachers and practitioners
Diploma of Higher Education : Competence modules for everyone
Social justice, transformation and knowledge : policy, workplace learning and skills
The organisations of higher education are constantly changing. Universities,  colleges, private schools and online universities refine their pedagogical  methods and learning models in a competitive market. This article is a study  on whether one such model helps students to gain new knowledge. A study  of the LAB studio model (LSM), which is a pedagogical model developing  connections between working-life based problems and the recognition and  development of business-related prototypes and start-up companies, is presented.  The LSM, theoretically grounded in a constructivist view of learning  with a project-based education at its core, has the key goal of educating  entrepreneurial competences in higher education. Based on the case study,  comprising a literature review of knowledge creation and a survey, the qualitative  results analysis suggests that LSM offers a promising support for knowledge  creation. The results lead to the conclusion that LSM provides support  especially for the various modes of the SECI model, such as socialisation  and internalisation, and seems to support organisational knowledge creation  aspects as well.
Diploma of higher education : competence modules for everyone
Social work treatment : interlocking theoretical approaches
In 2013–2015, JAMK University of Applied Sciences implemented a national pilot project Diploma of Higher Education based on a proposal by the Finnish Ministry of Education and Culture. The aim was to determine the need for working life for competence modules consisting of parts of higher education degrees which diversify the offering and participants. Similar higher education programmes have grown more common internationally. JAMK UAS implemented four diploma of higher education programmes as UAS open studies: Agricultural Entrepreneur Business Competence, Gerontological Rehabilitation, HR and Financial Specialist and Purchasing Specialist. The aim of the students was to expand their competence, develop their own work and further advance in their careers. For the training to succeed, it was important to invest in instruction, support group formation and have flexible implementation models. The students were able to develop their competence based on their own individual needs and the needs of working life, regardless of their educational background. Groups that promoted peer learning and networking were felt to be the strengths of the training. The costs for students were also very moderate. If needed, the studies can later be credited towards a degree programme. Diplomas of higher education are a quick and flexible way to implement various competence modules that meet the needs of working life. The students and employers have appreciated the pre-packaged, clear and sufficiently advanced competence modules of 60 ECTS cr.
Power of growth in the Learning and Competence Creating Ecosystem : Learning and Competence Creating Ecosystem - LCCE®
The new age of innovation : driving created value through global networks
The Lab Studio Model : Enhancing Entrepreneurship Skills in Higher Education
Guide for the implementation of vocational teachers' work placement periods
Abstract.
eJournal Quicker steps
Working conditions, compensatory strategies, and recovery
In-service teachers' learning through integrating theory and practice
Towards active and working life orientated learning : teaching methods for teachers and training providers
The primary purpose of this study is to examine, on the basis of the acquired material, the enhancement of the completion of training and education, and the development of working life-oriented education. The present master?s thesis discusses three research topics: first, the implementation of working life -orientation in the context of the Amiraalistonkatu project, secondly, the support measures for the completion of training the Finnish secondary vocational schools and, thirdly, business cooperation with Meyer Turku. The study is based on comprehensive data acquisition where the data are collected in natural authentic situations. The research development activity is approached from the perspectives of the process, the involvement of the actors and information production and, the target group was selected for this appropriately. The study favors methods in which the perspectives and ?voices? of the research subjects are heard. The research plan took shape as the study progressed in such a way that the research focuses on observations and discussions with the subjects. Forms were used as an aid in acquiring supplementary information. The research was conducted using qualitative methods. In the project, different learning environments and pedagogical models were used in the secondary vocational education more diversely than before. Thus students? different ways of learning could be taken into consideration more effectively than before. Among other things, the theory part of the study discusses the crisis between a young person?s identity and role confusion. A previous study shows that a successful identity crisis produces a self-concept that feels genuine and one?s own. A young person must solve a development task in order to proceed to the next level in his or her development. The Amiraalistonkatu project is a tool for helping young people in situations where they need support. This type of support is also offered by the Fendari workshop maintained by the Youth Services of the City of Turku, among others; this study describes its activity and collaboration with the Turku Vocational Institute. Interaction with companies is considered important not only at the Turku Vocational Institute but also in other secondary vocational schools in Finland. For their part, companies want to be involved in the development of metalwork training. This study demonstrates that it is important for different schools to focus on learning at work, which contributes to an increased motivation to study. The technology company featured in the study revealed its wish to develop working life-oriented training by boosting the collaboration of top local companies and their suppliers with vocational colleges in the development and implementation of the content of vocational education and training. Based on the interviews, the demand for labor in the shipbuilding industry in the Turku region will grow to a level that will require more capacity in education. One option in the Turku Vocational Institute would be to begin shipbuilding training and, where possible, simultaneously increase collaboration with the Meyer Turku Shipyard in training. One problem experienced by many schools is the reduced number of applicants in the machinery and metalworking industry. Perhaps the supply of training in the shipbuilding industry could also contribute to boosting the interest in studying machinery and metalworking in the Turku region.
Towards Active and Working Life Orientated Learning : teaching methods for teachers and training providers
New themes for vocational education
This thesis examines the development possibilities of the Degree Programme in Tourism (DPT) in Tampere University of Applied Sciences (TAMK) from the different stakeholders' perspective. The focus development area is the curriculum of the study programme which is under renewal and will be established in 2013. The aim of the thesis is to produce concrete development ideas from the experiences and opinions of the internal and external stakeholders of TAMK. The internal stakeholders are represented by the students of the DPT, and the external stakeholders are the representatives of the local labour market. The possible cooperation between the stakeholders is investigated in order to bring working life closer to the students and studies and to benefit the local businesses. Primary data was collected from the internal stakeholders with group theme interviews and from the external stakeholders with a semi-structured questionnaire, as well as with a semi-structured élite interview. Secondary data included existing data such as scientific literature, statistics, notes, the Internet, researches and other available publications. In the thesis process, the theories of competencies and qualifications were used as well as the Learning by Developing model of Laurea University of Applied Sciences discovered by benchmarking. The collected and analyzed data revealed the target areas of development. According to the internal stakeholders the improvements should be targeted to the working life relation of the studies; to the quality of education and the course contents; to the guidance received; and to the more practical approach in studies. All these would prepare the students better for the future working life. The external stakeholders stressed that the practical know-how and multidisciplinary skills are the requirements of the working life, and that the attention should be paid to the requirements imposed by the tourism industry trends in the Tampere Region in the DPT studies. The results indicate that mutually beneficial changes to the curriculum and cooperation between the stakeholders can be made, in which case the studies would prepare the students with competencies to meet the qualifications of the working life. According to the writers' of the thesis the working life relation in the studies should be emphasized more and it would also be one area for further research. Key words: Curriculum, developing, DPT, stakeholder, Tampere Region.
Supporting older people's independent living at home through social and health care collaboration
Research publication 2013
Teaching the future marketers through experiential client-based projects : marketing knowledge and skills in the context of early phases of service and product development
"Summer in Space 2014" : Digital business development course
Academic marketing in Finland : living up to conflicting expectations
Studying the Aspects of Knowledge Creation in the LAB Studio Model
Learning for jobs : synthesis report of the OECD reviews of vocational education and training
Working life correspondence of the curriculum in the Degree Programme in Facility Management
Studying the Aspects of Knowledge  Creation in the LAB Studio Model
Developing degree programme in tourism in Tampere university of applied sciences : stakeholders' perspective
Craftology : redefining contemporary craft in culture, people and sustainibility
Entrepreneurship is increasingly being included as a component in higher education and training curriculum internationally. This paper introduces a multidisciplinary studio model, called LAB studio model, for higher education established at the Oulu University of Applied Sciences (OUAS) in Finland. This LAB studio model is theoretically grounded in a constructivist view of learning with problem-based education at its core and draws from traditional studio models for training (Schön, 1987). Furthermore, the model merges work-life experience with studio training in a multidisciplinary and multi-professional environment. Using the categories outlined by Bull et al. (2013), this paper compares existing studio training models with the LAB studio model. This comparison suggests that the LAB studio model is more closely aligned with industry needs and work place reality, in contrast to existing studio models, because it focuses on instruction in a competitive structure; integrates experienced professionals and coaches from the industry; includes problems or ideas from industry; and builds multidisciplinary project teams. Overall, it is suggested that the LAB studio model holds promise to more fully integrate entrepreneurial competences in contrast to existing training models. Further research is currently being conducted to explore this hypothesis.
"Playing with the professional musician is the best way to learn” : workshop-based on-the-job learning in the vocational education of musicians.
Developing cooperation between SKS Mekaniikka Oy and educational institutions
Suupirssi : expertise on the move
Towards a learning and competence creating ecosystem LCCE®
Learning and Competence Creating Ecosystem - LCCE®
From children's services to children's spaces : public policy, children and childhood
Crowdsourcing : why the power of the crowd is driving the future of business
Vocational education aims to prepare competent workforce for the needs of continuously changing work life. A competent employee does not only carry out routine tasks but is also required to have the ability to act in the communities of practice in his field and develop his way of working. The challenge of Finnish school-based vocational education has been in creating such learning environments that promote learning professional knowledge demanded by work life. The challenge has required vocational teachers to develop their competences in collaboration with employers. The research covers the role of Finnish vocational teachers' authentic work placement periods in developing competences from the viewpoint of sociocultural learning. During the work placement period, a teacher furthers his or her competences by working in goal-oriented and planned ways in the work communities of enterprises or in the public sector of their fields. The purpose of the present qualitative case study is to increase the understanding of the role of authentic work placement periods in vocational teachers' competence. Experiences of teachers representing different subjects were studied during their work placement periods. The results show that work placement period supports the development of teachers' competences and provides prerequisites for work-based vocational education.
Facilitating work-based learnig : a handbook for tutors
