http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2229 canines
canines
Amazing wolves, dogs & foxes
Above reproach : a guide for wolf hybrid owners
Esophageal diseases : diagnostic and therapeutic approach
Coyotes
Describes the early cooperative relationships between Ice Age humans and dogs as well as human society's later efforts to domesticate and control dog species through reproduction, revealing how dogs and humans impacted each other's evolution.
Hip ideas for hyper dogs
Lauren the puppy fairy
Current opinion and novel practices for perioperative pain management in dogs and cats. Part 1, Use of systemic analgesics
Canine development throughout life : proceedings of a symposium held on July 14th and 15th, 1986, at Queens' College, Cambridge, United Kingdom
Marley & me : life and love with the world's worst dog
Summary: Neck pain and fever in a dog - two case reports.
Behavioural tests in welfare research of foxes
Phylogenetic systematics of the Borophaginae (Carnivora: Canidae)
The drop
Composition, digestibility and nutritive value of cereals for dogs
A dangerous path
Why is my dog doing that? : understand your pet's puzzling behaviour
The art of racing in the rain : a novel
The dog expert
Strongyloides stercoralis infection in a Finnish kennel : case report
The ultimate encyclopedia of dog breeds & dog care
The biology and conservation of wild canids
My secret puppy
Canine biliary tract diseases : how to reveal and treat them
A practical right-sided incisional gastropexy technique for treatment or prevention of gastric dilatation volvulus
101 salivations : for the love of dogs
Managing canine reproduction : presented at the Fifteenth Annual Veterinary Medical Forum, American ollege of Veterinary Internal Medicine, Lake Buena Vista, Florida, May 25, 1997
Absolutely barking : adventures in dog ownership
Second chances : more tales of found dogs
A friend for Christmas
Proceedings of the third International Theriological Congress, Helsinki 15-20 August 1982. 6, Symposia on lagomorphs, beaver, bear, wolf and mustelids
I will love you anyway
Walker's carnivores of the world
The wolf : the ecology and behaviour of an endangered species
Free-ranging dogs and wildlife conservation
Dogs and puppies
Intra-articular injections in the management of canine osteoarthritis : a review of the literature
Sirius : the story of a little dog who changed the world
Handbook on animal-assisted therapy : theoretical foundations and guidelines for practice
The plague dogs
Homoeopathic medicine for dogs : a handbook for vets and pet owners
Predators at war
Dogs, puppies & wolves
Summary: Pyothorax caused by Actinomyces sp. in a German shepherd - a case report.
Dog Park Renovation Plan
Dog housing and welfare
The new guide to dog breeds : the complete reference to pedigree dog breeds of the world
The evolution of canine social behavior
Canine pancreatitis : from clinical suspicion to diagnosis and treatment
Phylogenetic systematics of the Hesperocyoninae (Carnivora: Canidae)
Clever dog : understand what your dog is telling you
Dental conditions of wild red foxes (Vulpes vulpes L.) in northeastern Lapland
How the dog became the dog : from wolves to our best friends
Of wolves and men
Positive training for show dogs : building a relationship for success
Between dog and wolf : understanding the connection and the confusion
Wolves
The great dog disaster
Dog owner's home veterinary handbook
Dingoes : the Original dog
Surgical treatment of canine cranial cruciate ligament deficiency : a literature review
Handbook of canine electrocardiography
The call of the wild
Dog behaviour, evolution, and cognition
Small animal arthroscopy : challenging and usefull
Dogopedia : a compendium of canine curiosities from Battersea Dogs & Cats Home
Manual of canine behaviour
The dog breed bible
The other end of the leash : why we do what we do around dogs
Walk with a wolf
A dog called Bear
The allergy and asthma protective effects of farm environment and pet animals : the role of immunomodulation
Current opinion and novel practices for perioperative pain management in dogs and cats. Part 2, Use of loco-regional techniques
Abstract: The dental condition of 75 red foxes (Vulpes vulpes L.) killed during the period 15. IX. 1967 - 7. IV. 1969 in N. E. Finnish Lapland are described. The teeth and their occlusion were extremely well developed...
Dogs : homoeopathic remedies
The goodness of dogs : the human's guide to choosing, buying, training, feeding, living with and caring for you dog
If Luka could have anything in the world for Christmas, it would be to see Buddy again, his red and grey mongrel with one floppy ear. But Buddy has been missing for months. Then again, sometimes, at Christmas time, wishes really do come true.
How it works. The dog
100 ways to train the perfect dog
Notes on canine internal medicine
Dylan the doctor
The lost history of the canine race : our 15000 year long love affair with dogs
Foxes, wolves and wild dogs of the world
Neurohumoral response and pathophysiologic changes during progression of mitral regurgitation in the Cavalier King Charles spaniel
Endoscopy of the gastrointestinal tract : when is it really indicated
Dexmedetomidine and MK-467, a peripherally acting α2-adrenoceptor antagonist, in dogs
Amazing wolves dogs & foxes
Complete Dog : /A Comprehensive Guide to the Canine World
Gastroduodenoscopy in dogs and cats
Summary: A survey on frequency and nature of seizures in Finnish Belgian Shepherd Dogs.
As part of the Ladybirds for Grown Ups Series, How it Works: The Dog pairs classic illustrations from Penguin's archive with hilarious satirical anecdotes about our reliable, loyal and loving furry companions.
