http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22257 literary skills
literary skills
The Handbook of Research on Writing ventures to sum up inquiry over the last few decades on what we know about writing and the many ways we know it: How do people write? How do they learn to write and develop as writers? Under what conditions and for what purposes do people write? What resources and technologies do we use to write? How did our current forms and practices of writing emerge within social history? What impacts has writing had on society and the individual? What does it mean to be and to learn to be an active participant in contemporary systems of meaning? This cornerstone volume advances the field by aggregating the broad ranging, interdisciplinary, multidimensional strands of writing research and bringing them together into a common intellectual space. Endeavoring to synthesize what has been learned about writing in all nations in recent decades, it reflects a wide scope of international research activity, with attention to writing at all levels of schooling and in all life situations. Chapter authors, all eminent researchers, come from disciplines as diverse as anthropology, archeology, typography, communication studies, linguistics, journalism, sociology, rhetoric, composition, law, medicine, education, history, and literacy studies. The Handbook's 37 chapters are organized in five sections: The History of Writing; Writing in Society; Writing in Schooling; Writing and the Individual; and Writing as Text. This volume, in summing up what is known about writing, deepens our experience and appreciation of writing in ways that will make teachers better at teaching writing and all of its readers better as individual writers.
Page to screen : taking literacy into the electronic era
Linguistic and literary theories in reading
Digital Texts for Learning Finnish: Shared Resources and Emerging Practices
The language of comics
Writing science : literacy and discursive power
The Pericope Adulterae, the Gospel of John, and the literacy of Jesus
The problem of equivalence in translating texts in international reading literacy studies : a text analytic study of three English and Finnish texts used in the PISA 2000 reading texts
The book of the knight of La Tour-Landry : compiled for the instruction of his daughters
Rethinking Academic Literacies: Designing multifaceted academic literacy experiences for pre-service teachers
From text to txting : new media in the classroom
Social linguistics and literacies : ideology in discourse s
Pogue's basics : essential tips and shortcuts (that no one bothers to tell you) for simplifying the technology in your life
Reexamining reading diagnosis : new trends and procedures
Publishing for the masses : early modern witchcraft pamphlets
The problem of equivalence in translating texts in international reading literacy studies : atext analytic study of three English and Finnish texts used in the PISA 2000 reading texts
The implications of literacy : written language and models of interpretation in the eleventh and twelfth centuries
Learning to write, reading to learn : genre, knowledge and pedagogy in the Sydney school
Children's literature and national identity
Literacy perspectives into text accessibility
Literacy and education : understanding the new literacy studies in the classroom
Few secular works of Antiquity were as popular in the Middle Ages as Vegetius' Epitoma , the broadest ancient manual of Roman warfare. This edition is the first to be based on a comprehensive investigation of over 200 surviving manuscripts. The apparatus gives a full account of the readings that medieval scribes inherited from Antiquity. It also includes cross-references and brief explanations of some choices, and M. R. Reeve takes trouble to identify the earliest occurrences of worthwhile conjecture.
Intermediate English reading and comprehension
Literacies, hermeneutics, and literature
Semantic mapping : classroom applications
Reading comprehension instruction 1783-1987 : a review of trends and research
Techniques of close reading
Learning in multiple contexts : papers and posters presented at the First Joensuu Symposium on Learning and Instruction
Learning to read and write
Technical communication : a reader-centered approach
Transforming the medieval world : uses of pragmatic literacy in the Middle Ages ; a CD-ROM and book
Development of reading skills in the Finnish comprehensive school
Teaching multiliteracies across the curriculum : changing contexts of text and image in classroom practice
Text authenticity in international reading literacy assessment : focusing on PISA 2000
Changing literacy practices:a becoming of a new teacher agency
Eloquent Science evolved from a workshop aimed at offering atmospheric science students formal guidance in communications, tailored for their eventual scientific careers. Drawing on advice from over twenty books and hundreds of other sources, this volume presents informative and often humorous tips for writing scientific journal articles, while also providing a peek behind the curtain into the operations of editorial boards and publishers of major journals. The volume focuses on writing, reviewing, and speaking and is aimed at the domain of the student or scientist at the start of her career. The volume offers tips on poster presentations, media communication, and advice for non-native speakers of English, as well as appendices on proper punctuation usage and commonly misunderstood meteorological concepts. A further reading section at the end of each chapter suggests additional sources for the interested reader, and sidebars written by experts in the field offer diverse viewpoints on reference topics.--Publisher description.
Cybertext yearbook 2001
Discourse and social psychology : beyond attitudes and behaviour
Social linguistics and literacies : ideology in discourses
Abstract: Academic writing in English : a textlinguistic perspective on teaching.
Scribal practices and approaches reflected in the texts found in the Judean desert
Lukutaidon uudet ulottuvuudet = New dimensions of reading
Doing critical literacy : texts and activities for students and teachers
Texts and interaction : literacy practices in the EFL classroom
Cultural differences in academic rhetoric : a textlinguistic study
Aristophanis Byzantii fragmenta
The written world : studies in literate thought and action
Eloquent science : a practical guide to becoming a better writer, speaker, and atmospheric scientist
North star : focus on reading and writing. Advanced
Handbook of research on writing : history, society, school, individual, text
This monograph is written in the form of a handbook on the scribal features of the texts found in the Judean Desert (the Dead Sea Scrolls). It deals in detail with the material, shape, and preparation of the scrolls; scribes and scribal activity; scripts, writing conventions, errors and their correction, scribal signs; scribal traditions; differences between different types of scrolls (e.g., biblical and non-biblical scrolls), the possible existence of scribal schools, such as that at Qumran. In most categories, the analysis is meant to be exhaustive. The detailed analysis is accompanied by tens of tables as well as annotated illustrations and charts of scribal signs. The findings have major implications for the study of the scrolls and the understanding of their relationship to scribal traditions in Israel and elsewhere.
Northstar : focus on reading and writing, intermediate
Academic and professional English : reading, writing and spoken communication
Ways of reading : advanced reading skills for students of English literature
Reading comprehension assessment : cognitive basis
The midwives book, : or, The whole art of midwifry discovered
Mind mapping for dummies
To be a boy, to be a reader : engaging teen and preteen boys in active literacy
With the development of new information and communication technologies, new concepts of extending the concept of literacy have emerged, such as media literacy, computer literacy, and information literacy. This paper addresses literary literacy as a form of extended literacies. The notion of literary here comprehends widely various fields of literature, with artistic literature as one, although in a sense paradigmatic, instance. The aspects of reading and literacy emphasized in this paper will have particular educational significance in contexts of general school education. Hermeneutics is a classical discipline of how we should read. It emphasizes aspects of appropriative, or Bildung-oriented, reading that we can oppose to the instrumental use of what one reads. Within hermeneutics, and particularly the sociological studies of literature, the paper also finds foundations for critical reading. There would be, however, a tension between the fundamentally hermeneutical appropriative literacy and critical questioning, and the notion of literary literacy should contain a dialect between them. The paper emphasizes the significance of literary literacy, since there is a danger that it disappears behind more instrumentally emphasized notions of literacy. Similarly, there is a risk that the everyday plausibility of the demand of being critical suffocates the appropriative aspects of literacy and reading.
Tekstinymm채rt채minen : tekstinymm채rt채misen tasosta suomalaisessa peruskoulussa = The level of reading comprehension in the Finnish comprehensive school
Tilanteesta toiseen : a Finnish course
Textual analysis : a beginner's guide
North star : focus on reading and writing. High Intermediate
Rebirth of rhetoric : essays in language, culture and education
Summary.
Psychology of reading
The integrated media machine. 2, Aspects of internet culture, hypertechnologies and informal learning
The moomins in the world - learning with text
Research on texts at school
Children's comprehension of text : research into practice
North star : reading and writing. High intermediate
Theory and practice of writing : an applied linguistic perspective
Text messaging and literacy - the evidence
The power of reading : insights from the research
Genre, text, grammar : technologies for teaching and assessing writing
Critical discourse analysis : the critical study of language
Changing literacy practices : a becoming of a new teacher agency
