http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22236 price development
price development
Hedging of oil price risks in Norwegian market : business perspectives and effectiveness
The economic theory of price indices : two essays on the effects of taste, quality, and technological change
The effect of dividend announcements on stock prices : evidence from Helsinki Stock Market
Essays on macroeconomic news announcements and option-implied information
Initial public offerings and venture capitalist certification : Evidence from the Finnish Stock Market
Cheap? : the real cost of living in a low price, low wage world
The challenges of the Medvedev era
Between 2007 and 2008, the world experienced a dramatic swing in commodity prices. Eastern and Southern African countries experienced considerable difficulties due to the price food swing. The food price boom resulted in increased poverty and significant food security problems as households struggled to meet the high cost of food. The decline in exports due to weak demand, decreased foreign investment and migrant remittances, as well as high unemployment all added to the burden of already vulnerable African Countries. Policy reactions to the food price surge have been prompt in many developing countries. The key objective of this title is to discuss feasible approaches for the economic management of food price booms and slumps. As a first step to policy assessment, the paper also reviews the nature of the food price swing, analyzes its impact on both household and wider economy levels and examines the policies that have been, or are currently being implemented in Eastern and Southern Africa.--Publisher's description.
Brewing justice : fair trade coffee, sustainability, and survival
Evaluating adaptation and the production development of Finnish agriculture in climate and global change
Why popcorn costs so much at the movies : and other pricing puzzles
Vertical price transmission in the Finnish import fruit markets
Optimal hedging strategies for Swedish grain agents
Modeling and forecasting implied volatility
Nonlinear time series models in empirical finance
Robust approach to stock market anomalies, causality and volatility
The procurement of wood raw materials by Finnish paper industry - an outlook
Managing commodity price risk in developing countries
A currency amongst currencies : an empirical analysis of Bitcoin's price volatility
Consumer, markets and the euro
Abstract.
Covariance matrix estimation using Orthogonal GARCH
Energy markets : price risk management and trading
A history of prices in Sweden 1732-1914. 2, Description, analysis
Price changes in Finland: some evidence from the micro CPI data
Economics and price risks in international pellet supply chains
Growth, distribution, and prices
The role of income requirements, excess demand and cost pricing in the economic process
Interaction of exchange rate pressures between Finland, Sweden and the UK
Role of fertilizer pricing policies and subsidies in agricultural development
Predictive power of the Black & Scholes option pricing model in pricing FTSE 100 index options
Essays on the asymmetric news effects on exchange rate volatility
Turn-of-the-month and intramonth effects in government bonds: : explanation from the important US macroeconomic news announcements
The UK Housing Market: Study of Why and to What Extent Was the UK Housing Market Over-Valued and Was There a Bubble Present in the Beginning of the 21st Century.
The European Forest Sector's development compared with EFSOS predictions
Finnish agriculture in 1997
A market analysis of the demand in Ghana for babies' disposable diapers : determining a market for a case organisation's product according to price
Stock prices and their fundamental value : Evidence from the Helsinki Stock Exchange
Impact of world commodity prices on developing countries
This paper examines the vertical price transmission of banana and orange prices in Finland using import and consumer price series from years 1998-2009. Considering the stationary behaviour of the price series, the dynamic relationship between import and consumer price is investigated by Autoregressive Distributed Lag (ADL) models and Error Correction Models (ECM). The results show that the vertical price transmission is symmetric both with banana and orange. However, the analysis concentrates on the speed of adjustment towards the equilibrium of prices. Due to linearity of the model it does not take into account the magnitude of the price change.
European economic statistics
The predictive power of financial markets : essays on the relationship between the stock market and real economic activity
Implied volatility functions on Finnish warrant market
Prices of dwellings in housing companies
Agricultural prices, policy, and equity in Sub-Saharan Africa
Oil prices and the Russian economy : some simulation studies with NiGEM
Forecasting crude oil market volatility : test of symmetric and asymmetric garch-type models
Studies on housing price dynamics
Software product management and pricing : key success factors for software organizations
Structural adjustment in Africa : a performance review of World Bank policies under uncertainty in commodity price trends : the case of Ghana
Abstract: Evolution of sales prices and profit margins.
The effects of economic news and monetary policy on U.S. and German government bond yields
Agricultural price policy for developing countries
Impact of ECB’s monetary policy decisions and scheduled macroeconomic news announcements on the foreign exchange implied volatility
Essays on financial liberalisation in developing countries : capital mobility, price stability, and savings
How much are Finnish tourists willing to pay for a week's stay at an ecoresort
Effects of exchange rate and trade policies on agriculture in Pakistan
Heat, power and light : revolutions in energy services
Agriculture : the triumph and the shame
Real options and energy management : using options methodology to enhance capital budgeting decisions
Nordic alcohol statistics 2004-2008
The Black & Scholes composite-time model in option pricing
Producer price indices for services
Contextual pricing : the death of list price and the new market reality
House prices and the macroeconomy : implications for banking and price stability
Implied volatility response to scheduled U.S. macroeconomic news announcements : banking sector approach on Eurex options market
Food aid and the disincentive effect in Tanzania
The 2007-2008 food price swing : impact and policies in Eastern and Southern Africa
Finnish agriculture in 1996
Prices of dwellings
Executive summary.
When lean enterprises collide : competing through confrontation
Comparative advantage of agricultural production systems and its policy implications in Pakistan
Empirical research on spatial and time series properties of agricultural commodity prices
Layoff announcements and stock returns : empirical evidence with finnish data from 2003 to 2006
Evolution of sales prices and profit margins : Case company Zannier Prestations, Z
The reliance on primary commodity exports posits a weighty problem for a large number of low-income less-developed countries, which is further aggravated by the erratic behaviour of commodity prices. Rational expectations competitive storage models conjecture that storage behaviour engenders nonlinear commodity pricing processes. Motivated by theoretical considerations state of the art nonlinear time series models are put to the task of forecasting an important subset of primary commodities, base metals. Nonlinear models, especially feedforward artificial neural networks, meet their mettle and hence may prove useful tools from a commodity-policy standpoint by providing at least some degree of visibility.
Sulphur content in ships bunker fuel in 2015 : a study on the impacts of the new IMO regulations and transportation costs
Peasant response to price incentives in Tanzania : a theoretical and empirical investigation
Regional differences in land prices in Finland
Forecasting commodity prices with nonlinear models
The effect of information flows on stock market volatility: Chinese evidence
Housing market challenges in Europe and the United States
Agriculture in the European Union : statistical and economic information 2002
Economic anthropology and development : essays on tribal and peasant economies
The world oil market : analysis of condition and price perspectives
Trade, aid, and policy reform : proceedings of the 8th Agriculture sector symposium
Modelling future timber price development by using expert judgments and time series analysis
Roundwood price development and market linkages in Central and Northern Europe
The CRB commodity yearbook 2006
"Housing finance structures and Institutional and regulatory/fiscal aspects in housing have changed significantly in recent years. This book examines the development in housing markets in Europe and the US, and looks at ways to make housing more affordable and housing market developments more stable"--Provided by publisher.
Pricing Dax index options with Heston`s stochastic volatility model
Modern business marketing : a strategic planning approach to business and industrial markets
Idiosyncratic volatility around information release date : evidence from the Helsinki stock exchange
Information content of implied volatility, skewness and kurtosis
Commodity instability and developing countries : the debate
Agricultural marketing strategy and pricing policy
Inflation report
Rocking the euro boat : scheduled market announcements' effects on euro implied volatility
Principles of marketing
Financial conditions indexes
Planning profitable business through target product pricing in the product development process
Logging and log transport in tropical high forest : a manual on production and costs
Price prospects for major primary commodities 1988-2000.. Vol. 2, Food products, fertilizers, agricultural raw materials
Interdependence of international stock markets, European government bond market and gold market
The grammar of profit : the price revolution in intellectual context
Oxford review of economic policy : winter 1991 : microeconomics of transition in Eastern Europe
Agricultural policy analysis for transition to a market-oriented economy in Viet Nam : selected issues
Advances in hospitality and leisure. [Vol. 8]
Socioeconomic factors in the determination of shadow prices for unskilled labor in development projects
A history of prices in Sweden 1732-1914. 1, Sources, methods, tables
Monetary growth theory : money, interest, prices, capital, knowledge, and economic structure over time and space
For undergraduate courses in cost-benefit analysis. A practical introduction to cost-benefit analysis through problem solving. This authoritative, market-leading text is known for its consistent application of a nine-step framework for conducting or interpreting a cost-benefit analysis. This edition includes a number of chapters that have been revised and reorganized to make the material clearer and more accessible.
Regional housing markets in boom and bust : the experience of Finland
The added value of facilities management : concepts, findings and perspectives
Agricultural price policies in the Near East: lessons of experience
Agricultural product prices and policies influence the development of crop yields under climate change through farm level management decisions. On this basis, five main scenarios were specified for agricultural commodity prices and crop yields. An economic agricultural sector model was used in order to assess the impacts of the scenarios on production, land use and farm income in Finland. The results suggest that falling crop yields, if realized due to low prices and restrictive policies, will result in decreasing crop and livestock production and increasing nutrient surplus. Slowly increasing crop yields could stabilise production and increase farm income. Significantly higher crop prices and yields are required, however, for any marked increase in production in Finland. Cereals production would increase relatively more than livestock production, if there were high prices for agricultural products. This is explained by abundant land resources, a high opportunity cost of labour and policies maintaining current dairy and beef production.
Cost-benefit analysis : concepts and practice
Milk testing and payment systems : resource book : a practical guide to assist milk producer groups
