http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2222 playing cards
playing cards
Magic: The gathering : blue mage
Ten ways to improve your bridge
How good is your bridge?
Pot-limit Omaha poker : the big play strategy
Bridge for dummies
Ganjifa, the playing cards of India : a general survey with a catalogue of the Victoria and Albert Museum collection
Kanagawa is a strategic and poetic card game in which you must paint the most beautiful print. Improve your studio to immortalise the most beautiful subjects through the seasons and become the most prestigious student of the painter Hokusai.
Super motherload
Burgle your way to adventure in Clank!, the new deck-building board game. Sneak into an angry dragon's mountain lair to steal precious artifacts. Delve deeper to find more valuable loot. Acquire cards for your deck and watch your thievish abilities grow.  Be quick and be quiet. One false-step and -- CLANK! Each careless sound draws the attention of the dragon, and each artifact stolen increases its rage. You can only enjoy your plunder if you make it out of the depths alive!
Card games
Dale of merchants : The guild of extraordinary traders
Europe, medieval times : players take the roles of craftsmen to produce a wide range of goods. Make use of your production chains to gain a lot of victory poinst.
Playing-cards and tarots
White death
Professional no-limit hold 'em. Volume I
100 card games for all the family : hours of fun for players of all ages
Doyle Brunson's super system. 2 : a course in power poker / contributions by Crandell Addington ... [et al.]
Terra evolution : tree of life
Love letter : Batman edition
Learn bridge in a weekend
Moomin playing cards
Poker faces : the life and work of professional card players
The A-Z of card games
Playing cards
The poker player's bible : how to play winning poker
Bridge : the modern game
The Resistance : Avalon
Handbook of winning poker
The theory of poker
Hold 'em poker for advanced players
Harrington on Hold'em. Volume 1 : strategic play : expert strategy for no-limit tournaments
Fight For Olympus
Advanced poker : rules, skills, tactics and strategic play : a complete step-by-step guide to mastering the game, with more than 400 practical photographs and artworks
In Oceanos, play as expedition captain and plunge into the ocean depths aboard your submarine. Collect surprising animal species, discover the biggest coral reefs, and gather forgotten treasure with the help of your scuba divers. Don't forget to upgrade your submarine during the trip if you want to take all of your discoveries back to shore. Most importantly, beware the Kraken's curse!
The rules of poker : essentials for every game
In Evolution, players adapt their species in a dynamic ecosystem where food is scarce and predators lurk. Traits like Hard Shell and Horns will protect your species from Carnivores, while a Long Neck will help them get food that others cannot reach. With over 4,000 ways to evolve your species, every game becomes a different adventure
The most puzzling situations in bridge play
Games : from backgammon to blackjack - learn to play the world's favourite games
Ace on the river : an advanced poker guide
Poker for beginners
Entrepreneurship education : lets learn together!
Tarot cards : marked with a packed history
Clank! : a deck-building adventure
Every hand revealed
Cold War : CIA vs KGB
Magic : The gathering : white mage
Each player leads a team of two mountaineers who are competing with other teams, trying to reach the peak and survive until the end of the 18-day expedition. Players move mountaineers on the board by playing cards. The higher a climber reaches, the more victory points are gained. However K2 is a very dangerous place and mountaineers must be very careful not to exhaust themselves, carefully planning their route and being aware of changes in the weather.
Play it again, teacher! : teacher education playing cards
No thanks!
Fortune telling by tarot cards
Dale of merchants. 2, The era of trade mastery
Harrington on Hold'em. Volume III : the workbook : expert strategy for no-limit tournaments
The complete book of card games
Card games for one
Either take a card or pay a chip. Anyone can make that decision, right? However, there's a catch - in fact there are two. Nobody wants the cards, because they give you negative points. And the chips are very scarce!
Doctor Who : the card game
Tarot for beginners : a practical guide to reading the cards
The tarot masters : insights from the world's leading tarot experts
Card games around the world
Tiny epic western
How to do business in Finland : researching and organizing a database of knowledge for a cultural training game
Doyle Brunson's super system : a course in power poker
A cultural history of tarot : from entertainment to esotericism
Guillotine : the revolutionary card game where you win by getting a head
The complete book of hold 'em poker : the comprehensive guide to playing and winning
Justice league : strategy game
Harrington on Hold'em. Volume II : the endgame : expert strategy for no-limit tournaments
Pelikortit : Royal 100% all plastic playing cards
Guru and Queen : Marita Liulia`s Tarot exhibition was on show in Helsinki during the winter
The anti-witch
Street style memory game III
Harrington on cash games : how to play no-limit hold 'em cash games. Vol. 1
The book of bluffs : how to bluff and win at poker
The book of thoth : a short essay on the Tarot of the Egyptians being the Equinox volume III no. V
The Oxford guide to card games
Harrington on cash games : how to play no-limit hold 'em cash games : volume I
75 tools for creative thinking
Monty Python Fluxx
Harrington on cash games : how to play no-limit hold 'em cash games : volume II
Bridge club player's quiz book
The bridge world
The west is growing day by day, and you’re looking to stake your claim. To win, you have to gamble your relationships with the most powerful bosses in town to win influence. This influence comes in many forms: law, money and force. If you’re clever enough, you’ll be able to take claim over the buildings in the ever growing boomtowns and gain powerful abilities. At the end of the day, the boss who has the best combination of wit and bluff will become the most powerful tycoon in the Wild wild west.
Epic spell wars of the battle wizards : Duel at Mt. Skullzfyre
A Dictionary of card games
