http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2225 gardens
gardens
The gardens of Europe
Poetry in the garden
The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm.
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2015
European bird cherry (Prunus padus Linneaus) : a biodiverse wild plant for horticulture
Alien pest species in agriculture and horticulture in Finland
The small garden planner
Living collections of botanic gardens as a means of ex situ conservation : a case study of African violets (Saintpaulia) in Europe
Volume three of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places analyses in depth the scientific and scholastic concepts interacting with the arts, medicine and humanities which now underpin the rapidly evolving subject of Social Horticulture. This covers: Horticulture and Society, Diet and Health, Psychological Health, Wildlife, Horticulture and Public Welfare, Education, Extension, Economics, Exports and Biosecurity, Scholarship and Art, Scholarship and Literature, Scholarship and History and the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. This volume takes the evolution of this Discipline firmly into the 21st Century. It breaks new ground by providing a detailed analysis of the value of Horticulture as a force for enhancing society in the form of human welfare, health and well-being. The authors consider how knowledge is transferred within and between generations, and the place of Horticulture in the Arts and Humanities.These studies transcend the barriers between science and the arts. Social benefits of an association with plants include reducing the potential for domestic violence, vandalism, ethnic conflict and crime by building interpersonal social relationships and networks. Two chapters examine the means by which knowledge is delivered and the wider contexts within which Horticultural Education is provided. Understanding the Economics of Horticulture is of paramount importance in justifying public and private financial provisions for the discipline. Biosecurity is not easily achieved because global travel takes new plants, microbes and animals around the world at ever increasing speed. Of particular significance in this volume are the three chapters dealing with aspects of the relationship between Horticulture and scholarship embracing art, literature and history. This is an ancient relationship where Horticultural Science unites with and demonstrates its artistic and historical credentials.Finally, there is an examination of the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. Culturally gardening has much to do with the relationship between man, plants and the human spirit. It is a truism that 'Horticulture is to English Literature as Gardening is to Theatre'. This book is a sign post for the future of Social Horticulture.
Volume one of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places describes how the array of plentiful, high quality fresh fruit, vegetables, and ornamentals supplied to retail consumers is achieved. This feat demands the intensive manipulation of plant growth, reproduction and postharvest husbandry across the globe. International Production Horticulture operates in a free market arena, delivering produce rapidly, safely and reliably for increasingly demanding and discerning consumers. Internationally acknowledge experts describe the science, management and technology which underpins the continuous production and distribution of horticultural produce. The first chapter describes how basic scientific discoveries are continuously applied forming new industries, novel products and influences social practices and behaviour.There follows chapters describing the production of:- Field Vegetables, Temperate Fruit, Tropical Fruit, Citrus, Plantation Crops, Berry Crops, Viticulture, Protected Crops, Flower Crops, Developing New Crops, Post-harvest Handling, Supply Chain Management, and the Environmental Impact of Production. Crop Production Horticulture supports the economic welfare of countries across the World. Its particular impact in Africa is highlighted in the final chapter of this book. Intensive plant production offers enormous economic and social benefits for coming generations particularly as urbanization accelerates. Production Horticulture is an international business centred on partnerships between science, technology, commerce and management. The discipline is based in the physical, chemical, and the biological sciences and integrates natural resources in partnership with others such as economics and engineering.Environmentally careful and sustainable husbandries now form the cornerstones of Production Horticulture. Considerable intellectual and scientific rigour and a strong command of practical business realities are demanded of those who work in this discipline. The contents of this valuable book provide a basis for acquiring these talents.
Gardens of obsession : eccentric and extravagant visions
England's historic gardens
More food from small spaces : growing denser, deeper, higher, longer gardens
Talk about contemporary gardens
Small gardens, big ideas : easy gardening & stylish decorating for outdoor spaces
The effect of light quality on tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L. cv ʻEfialtoʼ) growth and drought tolerance
Late summer flowers
Organic gardening for dummies
Great gardens of London
The Botanics
Nature's day : discover the world of wonder on your doorstep
Gardens of paradise : the history and design of the great islamic gardens
Homes and gardens
The gigantic turnip
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 1, Production horticulture
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Volume 2 : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
Heritage gardens : care, conservation and management
Optimization of VIGS and functional analysis of Gerbera hybrida TCP genes in Calendula officinalis
There's a tiger in the garden
The seeds of friendship
Princess Cadance and the glitter heart garden
Sloth slept on
Roses and rose gardens : illustrated in colour
The dead queen's garden
Attracting birds to your garden
New gardens in Provence : 30 temporary creations
Classical private gardens of China
The gardens of Venice
A Handbook of rock gardening
A comparative study of urban green area planning
Villa gardens on the Mediterranean  : from the archives of Country Life
The Inspired garden : twenty-four artists share their vision
Glorious garden : a portfolio of ideas for planting & design
Feasibility of paper mulches in crop production : a review
Chas and his rock 'n' roll allotment
Gardens of Marrakesh
Great gardens
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 2, Environmental horticulture
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Cryopreservation in Horticultural Species : Leuven, Belgium, April 5-8, 2009
Small garden handbook : making the most of your outdoor space
Voltaire's vine and other philosophies : how gardens inspired great writers
The silver bough
The world of Zen gardens
The Oxford companion to gardens
Quantification of NH3 released from composting of garden waste
Tradition of Japanese garden
Somatic embryogenesis and long term conservation of cocoa (Theobroma cacao L.) germplasm
Gertrude Jekyll's Wood and Garden : translating historical non-fiction
Adam felt alone in the strange, new city. He missed the colours and friendships of his faraway home. But when a teacher at school gives him a few seeds, she plants an idea in him - an idea that could transform his grey world for ever. Michael Foreman's beautifully-illustrated story is a powerful fable of how friendship can grow in our world.
Expansion and intensification of global trade in horticultural plants has increased the risk of spread of new alien pathogen species in the EU. Alien species of pathogenic viruses and viroids in horticultural plants have been introduced into Finland in infected plant material (plants, seedlings, cuttings, tubers, seeds). By 1997, about 30 virus species of horticultural plants had been detected in Finland. We aimed at compiling emerging new virus and viroid records during 1997-2010. Eight new viruses belonging to tospo-, potex-, poty-, tymo-, ilar- and allexiviruses were detected in horticultural plants: four occurred in greenhouse crops, two in vegetables and two in garden ornamentals outdoors. Five new findings of viroids were made in ornamental and vegetable greenhouse crops during 2008-2009. More rapid and accurate diagnostic methods have contributed to identifying new alien pathogens. Global trade seems to be the main reason for the introduction of the newest virus and viroid pathogens into Finland.
Rose growing for amateurs
The blossoming botanical gardens of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Sissinghurst : portrait of a garden
Now@the Gardens
"The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm"--
Reinventing the garden : Chaumont - global inspirations from the Loire
The gardens of Britain
Using a botanic garden collection to test a bioclimatic vegetation scheme
Gardens illustrated
Space and illusion in the Japanese garden
Cold hardiness research on agricultural and horticultural crops in Finland
Stone-lanterns and materials for Japanese gardens from Kyoto
The Book of hardy flowers : a simple and complete descriptive guide to the cultivation in gardens of the trees and shrubs, perennial and annual flowers, that are hardy, or are suitable for planting out-of-doors in summer in temperate countries
Cocoa (Theobroma cacao L.) is an economically important crop for Nicaragua. It represents a secure source of income for the farmers basically because of the high demand in the international market for the chocolate industry. In Nicaragua cocoa production is carried out on small scale farms and the most critical point in the production system is the low propagation rate obtained by asexual propagation methods. The present study aimed to evaluate cocoa propagation by somatic embryogenesis following the protocol developed at the Pennsylvania State University and to validate a reliable protocol for its conservation for long term. Induction of primary somatic embryos was carried out from petals and staminodes of unopened flower buds of the genotype Scavina-6 of two physiological ages. The best frequency on primary embryogenic callus growth was obtained by 1-2 week old petals. Secondary embryo development was done from cotyledons of primary somatic embryos of the clones LCTEEN 28/S-1 and PA 169. It was determined after incubation of the embryos in four different periods in secondary callus growth (SCG) medium. The highest number of embryogenic explants was obtained for the clone PA 169 after 8 weeks in SCG medium and 6 weeks in embryo development (ED) medium whereas, the best embryo production ratio during the time in ED medium was scored by explants of LCTEEN 28/S-1 incubated twice in SCG medium. Long term conservation was evaluated by incubating immature embryos of both clones LCTEEN 28/S-1 and PA 169 in liquid nitrogen. There was not registered survival of the embryos after the freezing treatment. However, most of the non-frozen embryos could survive and regenerate from the alginate capsules suggesting that the survival was not threatened by the sucrose concentrations used to dehydrate the embryos but most likely by the intracellular ice formation from the water content that remain in the cell after the dehydration peri
Down the garden path
Aedade järelelu = Afterlives of gardens
Detection of protein-protein interactions in planta by BiFC and split luciferase assays
Landscapes for small spaces : Japanese courtyard gardens
Arts and crafts gardens
The Oxford book of garden verse
Garden crafts : 30 beautiful and practical projects for patio, porch, deck, garden, or yard
The English country house
Zen gardens : the complete works of Shunmyo Masuno, Japan's leading garden designer
Tree & moss gardens
Boxwood cultivars in old gardens in Norway
Planning of cultural ladscapes
The garden : a celebration
Fifi's flowertot fairies
The Luberon garden : a Provençal story of apricot blossom, truffels and thyme
Royal gardens : extraordinary Edens from around the world
Eleven advanced strawberry lines ("SJ011‑10", "SJ0440‑2", "SJ061‑8", "SJ066‑3", "SJ069‑3", "SJ069‑12", "SJ0814‑37", "SJ8518‑11", "K04‑12", "LL0220‑10" and "V151") were evaluated for their yield, fruit quality, total phenolic content, total antioxidant capacity, and phenolic composition, and were compared with a commercial cultivar ("Wendy"). The results showed that "SJ069‑3" had excellent soluble solids content, mid-level titratable acidity, low weight loss, and the best firmness among all the cultivars. Higher total antioxidant capacity was found in "SJ069‑3", according to ferric reducing antioxidant power and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays, an indication that "SJ069‑3" is a promising new cultivar for the fresh market. In addition to rich individual phenolics, "SJ061‑8" had the highest total antioxidant capacity, which was significantly different from the other genotypes, suggesting the potential use of this line as parent material in breeding or as a functional food ingredient. There was a strong relationship between total antioxidant capacity and total phenolic content, according to Folin-Ciocalteu, ferric reducing antioxidant power, and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays. This study confirms that anthocyanins are major phenolic compounds contributing to the main antioxidant power of strawberries.
Beautiful no-mow yards : 50 amazing lawn alternatives
Volume two of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places provides detailed considerations of the scientific, managerial and technological concepts which underpin Environmental Horticulture. This discipline returns horticulture to its original values required for the design, husbandry and management of macro- and micro-landscapes and their constituent parts. Expert internationally acclaimed authors describe:- Horticulture and the Environment, Woody Ornamentals, Herbs and Pharmaceuticals, Urban Greening, Rural Trees, Urban Trees, Turfgrass Science, Interior and External Landscaping, Biodiversity, Climate Change and Organic Production. These subjects are united by considerations of the needs for the sustainable use of resources and careful conservation applied wherever Horticulture, natural flora and fauna, and the environment coincide. Horticulture plays a vital role in providing environmental care and supporting natural and man-made rural, urban and peri-urban landscapes.Indeed this discipline founded the basis for ecological studies, environmental science and the analysis and an increased understanding of eco-system services. This is illustrated by the current initiatives such as the development of green eco-towns and garden cities which require fundamental understandings of the controlled manipulation of plants based on the principles and practices of horticultural science for their success. Such concepts are rooted in Horticulture as illustrated by the use of plants throughout the histories of successive civilisations. These values have been vigorously applied for rejuvenating cities and communities which have been afflicted by declining economies, degraded environments, poor employment opportunities, and returning poverty. The presence of healthy plant communities provides significant economic gains in the form of environmental benefits, increased tourism, business and employment opportunities.Considerable cost-benefits are added, such as climatic amelioration, carbon sequestration, providing carbon credits and stormwater attenuation. Particular attention is given in this book to the threats posed by climate change and India is cited as a pertinent case study. Horticulture has much to offer by way of mitigation of the environmental devastation. Each of these topics is given detailed consideration by expert authors of this book.
Typical Japanese gardens
Asia Pacific Symposium on Postharvest Research, Education and Extension : Bangkok, Thailand, August 2-4, 2010
Terence Conran's Garden Diy
The yellow book. 2013
Beginner's illustrated guide to gardening : techniques to help you get started
Water Recycling and Energy Management in Virolan Puutarha
Edwardian country life : the story of H. Avray Tipping
Kyoto gardens : masterworks of the Japanese garden's art
Dog-friendly gardening : creating a safe haven for you and your dog
Great botanical gardens of the world
Missouri Botanical Garden bulletin
Truly madly guilty
The truth about the Harry Quebert affair
Nursery pest problems on some native tree species in Kerala province, India
Garden history : philosophy and design 2000 BC - 2000 AD
Principles of horticulture
Theatergarden Bestiarium : the garden as theater as museum
Plants, beds and borders : create and maintain your perfect garden
Market research of German Horticulture : Case: Netled Oy
In your garden
The pleasure garden : an illustrated history of British gardening
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Genetic Modifications : Challenges and Opportunities for Horticulture in the World : Ski, Norway, September 16-20, 2007
Growing vegetables & herbs : from planting to harvesting and more
The complete book of the flower fairies
Vogue living : houses gardens people
Illustrated history of landscape design
Proceedings of the IVth International Conference Postharvest Unlimited 2011 : Leavenworth, Washington, USA, May 22-26, 2011
The Complete Garden Planning Book
Designing and creating a cottage garden : how to cultivate a garden full of flowers, herbs, trees, fruit, vegetables and livestock, with 500 inspirational photographs
The country house garden : a grand tour
RHS Chelsea flower show : a centenary celebration
Build a better vegetable garden : 30 DIY projects to improve your harvest
The mystery of the Hanging Garden of Babylon : an elusive world wonder traced
Proceedings of the Xth International People-Plant Symposium on Digging Deeper : Approaches to Research in Horticultural Therapy and Therapeutic Horticulture : Truro, Nova Scotia, Canada, August 6-8, 2010
Trellises, planters & raised beds : 50 easy, unique, and useful projects you can make with common tools and materials
FloraCulture international
Gene silencing induced by RNA1 16K gene mutants of Tobacco rattle virus on Nicotiana benthamiana
Gardens of Sicily
Gardening for dummies
101 ideas gardens
Although urban allotment gardening dates back to the nineteenth century, it has recently undergone a renaissance of interest and popularity. This is the result of greater concern over urban greenspace, food security and quality of life. This book presents a comprehensive, research-based overview of the various features, benefits and values associated with urban allotment gardening in Europe. The book is based on a European COST Action project, which brings together researchers and practitioners from all over Europe for the first detailed exploration of the subject on a continent-wide scale. It assesses the policy, planning and design aspects, as well as the social and ecological benefits of urban allotment gardening. Through an examination of the wide range of different traditions and practices across Europe, it brings together the most recent research to discuss the latest evolutions of urban allotment gardening and to help raise awareness and fill knowledge gaps. The book provides a multidisciplinary perspective, including insights from horticulture and soil science, ecology, sociology, urban geography, landscape, planning and design. The themes are underpinned by case studies from a number of European countries which supply a wide range of examples to illustrate different key issues.
Quiet beauty : the Japanese gardens of North America
The tale of the flopsy bunnies
The gardener's labyrinth
Introduction to the new Botanical Garden at the University of Helsinki
Agricultural statistics 2010.
Mulching has become an important practice in modern field production. This article reviews the published research on paper mulches and discusses the opportunity that they offer for solving the problems of the immense use of plastics in agriculture and the associated environmental threat. Paper mulches break down naturally after usage and incorporate into the soil. Laying paper mulches in large scale farming is a problem to be solved. The quality of the paper needs to be adapted or improved for mulching purposes, and its price needs to be more competitive with that of plastic mulches. The review shows that there is considerable potential for using paper mulches in agriculture and horticulture.
New small garden : contemporary principles, planting and practice
Possibilities for solar power in a community : Usage of solar panels in Ruusutarha allotment gardening
Proceedings of the IInd International Conference on Landscape and Urban Horticulture : Bologna, Italy, June 9 - 13, 2009.. Vol. 2
Bugs in the garden
Tartu ülikooli botaanikaaed 1803-2003 = Botanical Garden of the University of Tartu 1803-2003
Shakespeare's gardens
Emerging virus and viroid pathogen species identified for the first time in horticultural plants in Finland in 1997-2010
Smelly Slugsy
Agronomic characteristics and phytochemical profiles of advanced June-bearing strawberry lines for the northern Canadian climate
Japanese living : tranquility, simplicity, harmony
Botaničeskie sady SSSR = Botanical gardens of the USSR
Country style quilting
The planting design handbook
The secret garden
Abstract.
Panoramas of English gardens
Development plan of a historical garden : Case study of Ámade- Bajzáth- Pappenheim Castle park in Iszkaszentgyörgy, Hungary
Tallinna Botaanikaaia kaunis maastik = The beautiful landscape of Tallinn Botanic Garden
You should have been here last week : sharp cuttings from garden writer
The something
Urban gardening for dummies
Usborne baby's very first fingertrail play book - garden
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 3, Social horticulture
Maisy grows a garden : a Maisy first science book
Gardenalia : furnishing your garden with flea market finds, country collectables and architectural salvage
The meaning of gardens : idea, place, and action
The house & garden book of beautiful gardens round the world
Small gardens are a challenge to design and to keep looking good. This title aims to inspire and inform gardeners to make the most of their small spaces by looking at more than 50 contemporary and inspirational gardens, at how their designers have created them and how their owners use and develop them. In this serious review of the perennial subject, Noel explains the theory and practice of planting a small garden, he advocates on the use of containers, revitalises growing your own, and explains design tricks, storage solutions and vertical planting to help small garden owners maximise their small spaces. And lack of space should not limit ambition for embracing sustainability, the use of recycled materials and the scope for bio-diversity as well as providing habitats for wildlife. All the gardens featured have been photographed in the last two years. Special photography is by Dutch garden photographer and former fashion stylist Maayke de Ridder whose design rigour perfectly complements the author's gardening expertise.
Puutarhassa = In the garden
The English cottage garden
Take Chelsea home : practical inspiration from the RHS Chelsea flower show
Even more for your garden
DEVELOPMENT PLAN FOR A SMALL-SIZED FARM : Profitable Development Ideas on Products, Services, Marketing Methods and Customer Service for Kettulan Tila 2012-2014
Great gardens of the western world
Gardening : philosophy for everyone : cultivating wisdom
A history of garden design
My 100 favourite herbs
The girls
Coming up roses
Utilization of modified wood shavings as growing media for selected horticultural crops
Modern gardens and landscape
Climbing gardens : adding height and structure to your garden
Gardening in no time : 50 step-by-step projects and inspirational ideas
The garden
Come here, Cleo!
Home herbal : cultivating herbs for your health, home and wellbeing
A garden rhapsody : enchanted english cottages and floral melodies
Charlie's ice cream machine
Green care : a conceptual framework / editors: Joe Sempik, Rachel Hine, Deborah Wilcox
Gardens are for people : how to plan for outdoor living
Simple garden projects : original designs to build in your garden
Flora : an illustrated history of the garden flower
Container gardening
Botanic gardens and biodiversity : conservation of biological diversity by botanic gardens and the role of the Convention on biological diversity (Rio de Janeiro, 1992)
Contemporary designers' own gardens
Analysis of movement in sequential space : perceiving the traditional Japanese tea and stroll garden
European Code of Conduct for Botanic Gardens on Invasive alien species
The archaeology of gardens
Climatic potential and risks for apple growing by 2040.
The layered garden : design lessons for year-round beauty from Brandywine cottage
Hidden gardens of Spain
