http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22209 mirror neurons
mirror neurons
Progress in motor control : neural, computational and dynamic approaches
How the brain got language : the mirror system hypothesis
This volume is the most recent installment of the Progress in Motor Control series. It contains contributions based on presentations by invited speakers at the Progress in Motor Control VIII meeting held in Cincinnati, OH, USA in July, 2011. Progress in Motor Control is the official scientific meeting of the International Society of Motor Control (ISMC). The Progress in Motor Control VIII meeting, and consequently this volume, provide a broad perspective on the latest research on motor control in humans and other species.
"In The Myth of Mirror Neurons, neuroscientist Gregory Hickok reexamines the mirror neuron story and finds that it is built on a tenuous foundation--a pair of codependent assumptions about mirror neuron activity and human understanding. Drawing on a broad range of observations from work on animal behavior, modern neuroimaging, neurological disorders, and more, Hickok argues that the foundational assumptions fall flat in light of the facts. He then explores alternative explanations of mirror neuron function while illuminating crucial questions about human cognition and brain function: Why do humans imitate so prodigiously? How different are the left and right hemispheres of the brain? Why do we have two visual systems? Do we need to be able to talk to understand speech? Whatʼs going wrong in autism? Can humans read minds? The Myth of Mirror Neurons not only delivers an instructive tale about the course of scientific progress--from discovery to theory to revision--but also provides deep insights into the organization and function of the human brain and the nature of communication and cognition." -- Publisherʼs description.
Action to language via the mirror neuron system
The interactional instinct : the evolution and acquisition of language
Becoming human : from pointing gestures to syntax
Exploring the connections between speech, manual dexterity and social traits
The myth of mirror neurons : the real neuroscience of communication and cognition
Mirror neuron systems : the role of mirroring processes in social cognition
Primate communication and human language : vocalisation, gestures, imitation and deixis in humans and non-humans
