http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22213 truthfulness
truthfulness
The government of self and others : lectures at the Collège de France, 1982-1983
A companion to relativism
The course given by Michel Foucault from February to March 1984, under the title 'The Courage of Truth', was his last at the Collège de France. His death shortly after, on June 25th, tempts us to detect a philosophical testament in these lectures, especially in view of the prominence they give to the theme of death, notably through a reinterpretation of Socrates' last words--'Crito, we owe a cock to Asclepius'--which, with Georges Dumézil, Foucault understands as the expression of a profound gratitude towards philosophy for its cure of the only serious illness: that of false opinions and prejudices. These lectures continue and radicalize the analyses of those of the previous year. Foucault's 1983 lectures investigated the function of 'truth telling' in politics in order to establish courage and conviction as ethical conditions for democracy irreducible to the formal rules of consensus. With the Cynics, this manifestation of the truth no longer appears simply as a risky speaking out, but in the very substance of existence. In fact, Foucault offers an incisive study of ancient Cynicism as practical philsophy, athleticism of the truth, public provocation, and ascetic sovereignty. The scandal of the true life is constructed in oppositon to Platonism and its world of transcendent intelligible forms.
Teachings of the Buddha : the wisdom of the dharma, from the pali canon to the sutras
Truth, lies and trust on the Internet
Opetus, asiakirja, näyte : dokumentin eri muodot nykytaiteessa = Lesson, testimony, specimen : the many incarnations of the document in contemporary art / Saara Hacklin
"Some philosophers argue that false speech and false belief are impossible. In the Sophist, Plato addresses this 'falsehood paradox', which purports to prove that one can neither say nor believe falsehoods (because to say or believe a falsehood is to say or believe something that is not, and is therefore not there to be said or believed). In this book Paolo Crivelli closely examines the whole dialogue and shows how Plato's brilliant solution to the paradox is radically different from those put forward by modern philosophers. He surveys and critically discusses the vast range of literature which has developed around the Sophist over the past fifty years, and provides original solutions to several problems that are so far unsolved. His book will be important for all who are interested in the Sophist and in ancient ontology and philosophy of language more generally"--
An exciting and highly original examination of the practices of truth-telling and speaking out freely (parresia) in ancient Greek tragedy and philosophy. Foucault discusses the difficult and changing practices of truth-telling in ancient democracies and tyrannies.
"Relativism is one of philosophy's oldest -- and most polarizing -- concepts. It has captivated thinkers since the days of Protagoras (who supported the notion) and Plato (who did not). Relativism is assailed by popes as leading people away from absolute religious truths, and blamed by social commentators for many of society's ills. With a few notable exceptions, 20th-century philosophers grew to dismiss relativism as an obviously mistaken or even self-refuting concept. But in the past decade, even its staunchest philosophical critics have come to realize that relativism is a legitimate option for explaining a variety of phenomena, including faultless disagreement, the utility of alternative logics, varieties of cross-cultural moralities, and differing ontological conceptual schemes. Reflecting this overdue reappraisal, A Companion to Relativism presents the latest thinking on the role of relativism in the philosophy of language, epistemology, ethics, philosophy of science, logic, and metaphysics. Original contributions to this volume feature cutting edge thinking from a variety of eminent scholars who approach relativism from various perspectives and philosophical subfields"--
Quagmires and quandaries : exploring journalism ethics
A thousand darknesses : lies and truth in Holocaust fiction
Konzept : fotografie  = [concept : photography] : dialogues & attitudes : [Ludwig Museum - Museum of Contemporary Art, Budapest, 27. April - 10. Juni, 2007 = April 27 - June 10, 2007] / [Herausgeber = editor: Luminita Sabau ; Text = text: Wulf Herzogenrath...[et al.]]
Tosi kyseessä : dokumentti nykytaiteessa : Kiasman kokoelmat : [Nykytaiteen museo Kiasma, 2.11.2012 - 10.3.2013] = Reality bites : document in contemporary art : Kiasma collections : [Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma, 2.11.2012 - 10.3.2013] / [toimittajat = editors Eija Aarnio, Patrik Nyberg]
Truths and beliefs about questionnaire studies : a case study on Finnish cattle farmers
"A Companion to Relativism presents original contributions from leading scholars that address the latest thinking on the role of relativism in the philosophy of language, epistemology, ethics, philosophy of science, logic, and metaphysics. Features original contributions from many of the leading figures working on various aspects of relativism Presents a substantial, broad range of current thinking about relativism Addresses relativism from many of the major subfields of philosophy, including philosophy of language, epistemology, ethics, philosophy of science, logic, and metaphysics"--
Plastic fantastic : how the biggest fraud in physics shook the scientific world
Museums and truth
The philosophy of deception
Believing is seeing : (observations on the mysteries of photography)
Political hypocrisy : the mask of power, from Hobbes to Orwell and beyond
Your fathers, where are they? And the prophets, do they live forever? : a novel
Plato's account of falsehood : a study of the Sophist
Abstract: The prisoners of reality : documentary film and its production process.
Journalism and the philosophy of truth : beyond objectivity and balance
True enough : learning to live in a post-fact society
This book bridges a gap between discussions about truth, human understanding, and epistemology in philosophical circles, and debates about objectivity, bias, and truth in journalism. It examines four major philosophical theories in easy to understand terms while maintaining a critical insight which is fundamental to the contemporary study of journalism. The book aims to move forward the discussion of truth in the news media by dissecting commonly used concepts such as bias, objectivity, balance, fairness, in a philosophically-grounded way, drawing on in depth interviews with journalists to explore how journalists talk about truth.
The courage of the truth (the government of self and others II) : lectures at the Collège de France, 1983-1984
True lies photographic truth - what is it based on? / Janne Seppänen
Dokufiktio - askelia pois alkuperäisestä = Docufiction - rereadings of authenticity / Leevi Haapala
Hard facts, dangerous half-truths, and total nonsense : profiting from evidence-based management
Real stories, imagined realities : fictionality and non-fictionality in literary constructs and historical contexts
Handbook of mass media ethics
Testimony on trial : Conrad, James, and the contest for modernism
The new ethics of journalism : principles for the 21st century
Making online news : the ethnography of new media production
Justification and the truth-connection
A question of evidence : Thyssen-Bornemisza Art Contemporary, [Vienna, November 19, 2008 to April 5, 2009] / edited by Daniela Zyman & Diana Baldon
Abstract: The prisoners of reality in the realm of freedom : documentary film and its production process.
Your Fathers, Where Are They is Dave Eggers' brilliantly executed story of one man struggling to make sense of the world. In a barracks on an abandoned military base, miles from the nearest road, Thomas watches as the man he has brought wakes up. Kev, a NASA astronaut, doesn't recognize his captor, though Thomas remembers him. Kev cries for help. He pulls at the chain. But the ocean is close by, and nobody can hear him over the waves and wind. Thomas apologizes. He didn't want to have to resort to this. But they really needed to have a conversation, and Kev didn't answer his messages. And now, if Kev can just stop yelling, Thomas has a few questions.
Lucian's science fiction novel, True histories : interpretation and commentary
