http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2228 red fox
red fox fox
Six little chicks
Amazing wolves, dogs & foxes
Reproduction of the red fox Vulpes vulpes in Central Italy
Fantastic Mr Fox
Population dynamics of the Swedish red fox, Vulpes vulpes (L.)
The fox and the crow
Protein and amino acids in the nutrition of the growing-furring blue fox
The red fox : symposium on behaviour and ecology
Buried thunder
The fox's hiccups
Peculiar privilege : a social history of English foxhunting 1753-1885
When nine-year-old Tiger Days stays with her grandmother at Willowgate House she never knows what might happen... new friends to meet, animals to rescue and problems to solve! Tiger returns to Willowgate and discovers someone, or something, has been digging up plants, burying eggs and even taking socks from the washing line! And a mysterious tunnel has appeared under the shed... Tiger and her friend Tom turn detective determined to solve the mystery. At Willowgate House, no day is ever dull for Tiger!
Abstract.
[Summary].
Snow bear
The fox in the library
Type C botulism due to toxic feed affecting 52,000 farmed foxes and minks in Finland
Ecology of small carnivores in Finland - with special reference to rabies
Fox is so busy playing all summer long, that when winter comes he is cold, hungry and all alone. If only he'd listened to his friends...Can a Christmas wish make things right?
Habitat use of small carnivores in Finland
The fox woman
The great moon confusion
Comparison of the diet of the red fox (Vulpes vulpes L., 1758) in Gelderland (Holland), Denmark and Finnish Lapland
Interactions between Arctic and red foxes in Scandinavia : predation and agression
The disgusting sandwitch
Variation in the body size of the red fox
One snowy night
Miss Fox
The tale of Mr. Tod
The fox-hunting controversy, 1781-2004 : class and cruelty
Use of various platforms and nestbox by farmed blue and silver foxes
Alaventam cilai = Don't cry, Sly!
Mother Knows Best: Dominant Females Determine Offspring Dispersal in Red Foxes (Vulpes vulpes)
Love,  Volume 2,  the fox
Fox on the loose!
What does the fox say?
Energy metabolism of raccoon dog (Nyctereutes procyonoides, Gray 1834): applied perspective to common farming practices
Old Scrapefoot and three bears
Fantastic Mr. Fox
The very noisy foxes
How bear lost his tail
Population ecology of the red fox (Vulpes vulpes L.) in relation to food supply
Pine marten - red fox interactions: a case of intraguild predation?
The biology and conservation of wild canids
Reynard the Fox : tales from the life of Reynard the Fox
Foxy in love
Bad bears and good bears
The Gruffalo sound book
Abstract: The dental condition of 75 red foxes (Vulpes vulpes L.) killed during the period 15. IX. 1967 - 7. IV. 1969 in N. E. Finnish Lapland are described. The teeth and their occlusion were extremely well developed...
Foxes, wolves and wild dogs of the world
Optimization of the current breeding scheme for blue fox
Rufus and the blackberry monsters
Preferences of silver and blue foxes for farm cage and pen
Abstract: The dimensions of the first mandibular molar tooth of 126 Danish and 102 northern Finnish red foxes were measured. Special attention was given to the occurrence and characteristics of the carnassial tooth cusps...
Dental conditions of wild red foxes (Vulpes vulpes L.) in northeastern Lapland
Too small for honey cake
The fox and the hare : an odd couple
Foxly's feast
Population dynamics of the red fox (Vulpes vulpes) after the disappearance of rabies in county Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany, 1987-1992
Fast fox goes crazy
Where, oh where, is Rosie's chick?
Preferences of farmed blue foxes for platforms, nestbox and cage floor
Shrinkage temperature as function of local and angular coordinates in blue-fox leather - a further study
One starry night
Dinner for fox
Catch us if you can-can
Resting platforms and nest boxes for farmed blue foxes (Alopex lagopus) and silver foxes (Vulpes vulpes) : the extent of use, reasons for use and welfare effects
"After being forced to give up his pet fox Pax, a young boy named Peter decides to leave home and get his best friend back"--
A very proper fox
Did you know that I love you?
Self-assessment color review of small mammals
The tomten and the fox
Phenotypic and genetic parameters and responses in temperament of silver fox cubs in a selection experiment for confident behaviour
Effects of group size and early handling on some behavioural and physiological welfare parameters in farmed blue foxes
What are friends for?
Socio-ecological models for red fox populations subject to fertility control in Australia
The fox and the hound
On the carnassial tooth cusps in recent red foxes (Vulpes vulpes L.) in Finland and Denmark
Warduff : and the corncob caper
Ha ooyin Islaay! = Don't cry, Sly!
Evolution of group living, and the importance of food and social organization in population regulation : a study on the red fox (Vulpes vulpes)
Amazing wolves dogs & foxes
The winter fox
Outfoxed
The little fox : an Alaska adventure
Effects of group size and space allocation on physiological, behavioural and production-related welfare parameters in farmed silver fox cubs
Predation risk of the golden eagle and its cascading effects on mesopredators, grouse and hare in Finland
Fox in Socks
The magic fox
Six silly foxes
High prevalence of wildlife trichinellosis in Finland
Subcutaneous embedding : an enigmatic episode in the life-cycle of the hard tick Ixodes ricinus (L., 1758)
Shrinkage temperature as function of local and angular coordinates in blue fox leather
The fox and the jewel : shared and private meanings in contemporary Japanese Inari worship
How the fox got his color = Miten kettu sai värinsä : bilingual Finnish - English
Fairest. [volume 5] : The clamour for glamour
Sylvatic trichinella infection in Finland : red fox (Vulpes vulpes) and raccoon dog (Nyctereutes procyonoides) as indicator species
The gingerbread man
Being a beast
Effects of cage size and obstructed view from cage on use of resting platforms by farmed silver foxes
The quick brown fox cub
Genetics, breeding and reproduction of fur animals : proceedings of NJF-workshop, Viborg, Denmark, 29 April 1993.
Urban foxes
Tiger Days and the the midnight foxes
King Pom and the fox
