http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22260 comic book characters
comic book characters
Mastering the art of manga : learn to draw manga step by step with over 1000 illustrations
Supermen! : the first wave of comic book heroes 1939-1941
Monster book of manga drawing : 150 step-by-step projects for beginners
I [love] U baby : characters collection book
The art of Emily the Strange
The killer in my eyes
Pandora hearts : odds and ends
Diary of a wimpy kid. 2, Rodrick rules
Cartoon figural toys
Ricky Rouse has a gun
Batman Character Encyclopedia
Superheroes and beyond : how to draw the leading and supportin characters of today's comics
The cream of Tank Girl : the art and craft of a comics icon
The art of cartooning : [discover all the techniques you need to know to create original cartoons]
Deadpool : PlayStation 3
The darkness II : limited edition : Xbox 360.
The little book of Wonder Woman
The monster book of Manga : draw like the experts
Something Borrowed : Interfigural Characterisation in Anglo-American Fantasy Comics
Young artists draw manga
From hell
Draw 50 famous cartoons : the step-by-step way to draw your favourite classic cartoon characters
Manga for the beginner midnight monsters : how to draw zombies, vampires, and other delightfully devious characters of Japanese comics
The monster book of manga : Fairies and magical creatures
The darkness II : limited edition : PS3
Figure drawing for comics and graphic novels
The physics of superheroes
Bleach Masked : official character book 2
The Hanna-Barbera guide to life : cool tips for top cats!
The secret history of Wonder Woman
DC Comics : the ultimate character guide
Looking for Calvin and Hobbes : the unconventional story of Bill Watterson and his revolutionary comic strip
DC comics year by year : a visual chronicle
The monster book of manga : gothic
Creating characters with personality
The Popeye and friends knitting book
Lego DC comics super heroes : character encyclopedia
Krazy & Ignatz : "Love in a kestle or love in a hut" : convening the full-page comic strips 1916-1918
Packed with fun facts, bizarre-but-true tales, and quirky insights into everyone's favorite Marvel comic characters, including The Avengers, Spider-Man, and Daredevil. Little-known facts and information about the iconic Marvel characters.
Be thankful : Peanuts wisdom to carry you through
Cartoon 360° : secrets to drawing cartoon people and poses in 3-D
The art of Herge : inventor of Tintin. Volume 3 : 1950-1983
The adventures of Ook and Gluk, kung-fu cavemen from the future
Odd is on our side
The world's greatest super-heroes
The monster book of more manga
Diary of a wimpy kid. 1
Naruto : the official character data book
A frame of you : construction of characters in graphic novels
Supergods : what masked vigilantes, miraculous mutants, and a sun god from Smallville can teach us about being human
Necessary evil : super-villains of DC Comics
500 manga characters
The DC Comics encyclopedia : the definitive guide to the characters of the DC Universe
The Marvel comics encyclopedia : a complete guide to the characters of the Marvel universe
Funny cuts : cartoons and comics in contemporary art
Diary of a wimpy kid. 3, The last straw
The little book of Batman
Our hero : Superman on earth
The Addams family :  original Broadway cast recording
Spider-Man character encyclopedia
Shôjo manga : pop and romance
Shojo fashion manga art school, year 2 : draw modern looks
Marvel : absolutely everything you need to know... / written by Adam Bray, Lorraine Cink, John Sazaklis, Sven Wilson
Christopher Hart's draw manga now! : Anatomy 101
The monster book of manga : girls
The silver age of DC Comics, 1956-1970
Christopher Hart's draw manga now! : shoujo basics
Legendary : a Marvel deck building game
Encyclopedia of comic characters : over 1200 characters
The son of Neptune
Manga impact! : the world of Japanese animation
Batman : a visual history
Character World
Be friends : Peanuts wisdom to carry you through : based on the comic strip Peanuts by Charles M. Schulz
Only what's necessary : Charles M. Schulz and the art of Peanuts
Diary of a wimpy kid. 8, Hard luck
The blood of Olympus
Monkeybone
Manga mania : girl power! : drawing fabulous females for japanese comics
Akira club : the memory of Akira lives on in our hearts!
A brief history of superheroes
The smurfin' guide to the smurfs
Christopher Hart's draw manga now! : magical Characters
How to draw Garfield and friends
Manga clip art : create your own professional-looking manga artwork
Scrapbook : uncollected work: 1990-2004
Spider-man : inside the world of your friendly neighbourhood hero
The walking dead : survivors' guide
Captain Underpants and the wrath of the wicked wedgie woman
Supermen! : the First wave of comic book heroes 1936- 41
Draw shojo girls & bishie boys
Be thankful : Peanuts wisdom to carry you through : based on the comic strip Peanuts by Charles M. Schulz
Diary of a wimpy kid. 6, Cabin fever
Shojo wonder manga art school : create your own cool characters and costumes with markers
The art of Herge : inventor of Tintin. Volume 2 : 1937-1949
Don Bluth's the art of animation drawing
Robots! : draw your own androids, cyborgs & fighting bots
Super-villains : the complete visual history
Draw comic book characters
Christopher Hart's draw manga now! : top ten essentials
A Frame of you : characters in graphic novels
500 manga villains and heroes
The art of Herge : inventor of Tintin. Volume 1 : 1907-1937
Wolverine : inside the world of the living weapon
Dilbert : the board game
Batman : an origin story
Batman : the world of the dark knight
Stan Lee's how to draw superheroes
The monster book of Manga : fairies and magical creatures
Marvel Comics had the reputation of being one of the least creative in a generally moribund industry, but emerged as one of the most dynamic, slightly irreverent and downright original contributions to an era when pop culture emerged as a dominant force in the artistic life of America.
House of Odd
Superman : an origin story
The house of Hades
The world according to Spider-Man
1000 incredible costume & cosplay ideas : a showcase o creative characters from Anime, Manga, video games, movies, comics, and more!
The Disney fetish
The art of Osamu Tezuka : God of Manga
Icons : the DC comics and Wildstrom art of Jim lee
Force : character design from life drawing
Draw manga : complete skills
Tintin and the secret of literature
Diary of a wimpy kid. 4, Dog days
Modern cartooning : essential techniques for drawing today's popular cartoons
Marvel Comics in the 1960s : an issue by issue field guide to a pop culture phenomenon
Presents the LEGO action figures based on the DC universe, describing each figure and vehicle, their variations, when they were made, and the playsets in which they appear / WorldCat.
It's your year Charlie Brown
