http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22235 reflux esophagitis
reflux esophagitis peptic esophagitis gastroesophageal reflux
Pediatric advanced practice nursing ; Rheumatology
Vesicoureteral reflux in children
Psychological distress in dyspepsia
Mutans streptococcal serotypes in children with gastroesophageal reflux disease
The acid watcher diet : a 28-day reflux prevention and healing programme
Incidence of esophageal adenocarcinoma is rising rapidly in Western countries. The main risk factor for esophageal adenocarcinoma is Barrett's esophagus. Barrett's esophagus results from long-term gastroesophageal reflux disease. The gastrointestinal tract is colonized by bacteria, fungi and viruses forming the alimentary tract microbiome. Microbiome transformation is involved in pathogenesis of alimentary tract cancer and also in the development of Barrett's metaplasia. Toll-like receptors (TLR) are molecules of the innate immune system and they are involved in bacterial and viral recognition and regulation of immune functions in the host and cancer cells.This thesis examined the effect of alimentary tract microbiome and cancer- on the function of TLRs in normal gastrointestinal epithelial cells. An additional focus of the thesis was also to assess the carcinogenetic effect of TLRs 1–9 in Barrett's esophagus metaplasia – dysplasia – carcinoma sequence. Study material consisted of: a patient cohort, organ donors, conventional and germ-free mice. TLRs are expressed also in a "microbe-free" gut. There were significant differences in all TLRs between small- and large intestine of conventional mice and in humans. In germ-free mice that difference was not observed. Normal tissue sampled adjacent to the tumors of cancer patients can be used as controls in immunohistochemical TLR studies in gastrointestinal cancer Clinical data indicate that TLRs linearly increase toward dysplasia in Barrett's esophagus. High cytoplasmic and nuclear TLR4 expression and TLR1 and 8 nuclear immunoreactivity in esophageal adenocarcinoma are associated with metastatic disease and poor prognosis.Based on our results, bacteria seem to downregulate TLR expression of the intestine. TLRs 1–9 apparently have a role in malignant progression of Barrett's dysplasia. TLR1, TLR4 and TLR8 may represent a novel therapeutic target in esophageal adenocarcinoma.
Toll-like receptors in Alimentary tract -special reference to Barrett's esophagus
The association of gastroesophageal reflux with asthma, bronchial responsiveness and chronic cough
pH-metric analysis after successful antireflux surgery : comparison of 24-hour pH profiles in patients undergoing floppy fundoplication or Roux-en-Y duodenal diversion
Studies on the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease
Studies on surgical treatment of gastro-oesophageal reflux disease
Urogenital problems in adults following childhood vesico-ureteral reflux
