http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22292 establishing
establishing establishing oneself
Sites and modes of knowledge creation : on the spatial organization of biotechnology innovation
Homer in the Baltic : an essay on Homeric geography
The urban turn - and the location of economic activities
Facility location : applications and theory
Summary: Location decision of a large-scale retail unit : a case study on the planning and decision-making process preceding the location of the Mylly shopping centre in Hauninen, Raisio.
Business site selection, location analysis, and GIS
World film locations. Dublin
Reflections on a research process : expanding Blue Ocean strategy
Industrial dynamics and the spatial organization of industries
World film locations. Beijing
Iliad and Odyssey in the North of Europe = Iliade e Odissae nel Nord Europa : proceedings of the workshop Toija and the roots of European civilisation, Toija (Finland) August 10th 2007
The location of Finnish agriculture on small and large farms
The film studio : film production in the global economy
Geographical and historical factors in farm site choice under high subarctic conditions (Utsjoki valley, Finland)
The Baltic origins of Homer's epic tales : the Iliad, the Odyssey, and the migration of myth
Evolutionary economic geography : location of production and the European Union
World film locations. New York
World film locations. Madrid
World film locations. Istanbul
Location dynamics of cluster formation and public sector response : can planning influence the process? : findings from selected Metrex Metropolitan areas : Paris, Helsinki, Lombardy (Milano), Madrid, Oslo, Stockholm, Szczecin
Essays on educational choice and intergenerational mobility
Managing human resources : productivity, quality of work life, profits
Ecology, de-localization and social change
Matching graduates and jobs in China : case study: graduades and universities in the Chongqing Region
The regional settlement patterns of immigrants to Sweden 1967-2005 by age
World film locations. Berlin
Universities, knowledge transfer and regional development : geography, entrepreneurship and policy
Location criteria and strategic factors of biodiesel factory establishment in Finnish context
Experiences in establishing port-related industries in Rostock, Wismar (Germany) and Hamina (Finland)
Factory location analysis and reduction of the firm's manufacturing footprint
Distance-related barriers and the internationalisation of Finnish MNEs
World film locations. Tokyo
Creative graduates creative futures : a major longitudinal study undertaken between 2008 and 2010 of the career patterns of graduates in art, design, crafts and media subjects qualifying in 2002, 2003 and 2004 from 26 UK higher education institutions
PBL in context : bridging work and education
World film locations. Reykjavik
World film locations. London
On the concentration of population in Finland
Work, education and employability
World film locations : Helsinki
World film locations. Paris
Situatedness, or, why we keep saying where we're coming from
