http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22254 anti-Americanism
anti-Americanism
Protesting America : democracy and the U.S.-Korea alliance
America against the world : how we are different and why we are disliked
US foreign policy and Iran : American-Iranian relations since the Islamic revolution
Salman Rushdie's Fury and anti-Americanism
(Anti-)Americanisms
An alliance at risk : the United States and Europe since September 11
Anti-Americanism : history, causes, and themes. 1, Causes and sources
Understanding anti-Americanism : its origins and impact at home and abroad
What the Arabs think of America
Martyrs : innocence, vengeance, and despair in the Middle East
Hating America : a history
Flagging patriotism : crises of narcissism and anti-Americanism
Überpower : the imperial temptation of America
The making of minjung : democracy and the politics of representation in South Korea
Of empires and citizens : pro-American democracy or no democracy at all?
French anti-Americanism (1930-1948) : critical moments in a complex history
"When the U.S.-Korea military alliance began to deteriorate in the 2000s, many commentators blamed 'anti-Americanism' and nationalism, especially among younger South Koreans. Challenging these assumptions, this book argues that Korean activism around U.S. relations owes more to transformations in domestic politics, including the decentralization of government, the diversification and politics of civil society organizations, and the transnationalization of social movements."--Publisher's description.
The only superpower : reflections on strength, weakness, and anti-Americanism
Beyond the age of innocence : rebuilding trust between America and the world
Anti-Americanism in the Islamic world
Anti-Americanism in Russia : from Stalin to Putin
""My father was born into war," begins this remarkable saga in Alisse Waterston's intimate ethnography, a story that is also twentieth century social history. This is an anthropologist's vivid account of her father's journey across continents, countries, cultures, languages, generations--and wars. It is a daughter's moving portrait of a charming, funny, wounded and difficult man, his relationships with those he loved, and his most sacred of beliefs. And it is a scholar's reflection on the dramatic forces of history, the legacies of culture, the experience of a Jewish immigrant, and the enduring power of memory. This book is for Sociology and Anthropology courses in qualitative methods, ethnography, violence, migration, and ethnicity"--
America perceived : the making of Chinese images of the United States, 1945-1953
Old Europe, new Europe, core Europe : transatlantic relations after the Iraq war
Divided we stand : the rejection of American culture since the 1960s
Anti-Americanism : history, causes, and themes. 2, Historical perspectives
Shadow world : resurgent Russia, the global new left, and radical Islam
America : sovereign defender or cowboy nation?
Parting ways : the crisis in German-American relations
Anti-American terrorism and the Middle East : a documentary reader
China's new nationalism : pride, politics, and diplomacy
The American era : power and strategy for the 21st century
My father's wars : migration, memory, and the violence of a century
Anti-Americanism : history, causes, and themes. 3, Comparative perspectives
Flagging patriotism : crises of narcissism and anti-americanism
Anti-Americanisms in world politics
Have a nice day : a journey through Obama's America
The Americanization of Europe : culture, diplomacy, and anti-Americanism after 1945
Between war and peace : lessons from Afghanistan to Iraq
Global war - local views : media images of the Iraq war
US foreign policy in the Middle East : the roots of anti-americanism
The rise of anti-Americanism
Americanization and anti-Americanism : the German encounter with American culture after 1945
Worst. Person. Ever
Things in culture, culture in things
Messages to the world : the statements of Osama Bin Laden
Visions of America and Europe : September 11, Iraq, and Transatlantic relations
Anti-Americanism : history, causes, and themes. 4, In the 21st century
Security complex in the Persian Gulf in the aftermath of the Iraq War
