http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22389 telephone calls
telephone calls
Pre-study on upgrading a Contact Center switch infrastructure
A Contac Center is very important part of corporation's service concept. A Contact Center could be the only personal contact with the customer during the year. The corporate assigning the pre-study task is running a Contact Center with unsupported telephony switches and integration towards advanced contact handling Genesys solution is also unsupported. Unsupported versions in switches are causing challenges to both maintenance and enhancements. Lack of capacity between Contact Center locations is real challenge in peak periods. Thus, the corporation is well aware of the importance and the need for changes. The purpose of this pre-study was to clarify different alternatives to secure voice traffic in Contact Centers and to find a solution as for getting the telephony infra-structure into a supported level. In addition, the aim was also to identify requirements regarding the backup system. This pre-study was mainly carried out in workshops together with vendors. In these workshops, the purpose was to clarify available alternatives considering also infrastructural demand as well as the integration demands and costs issues. The study indicated that IP-technology seemed to be the best solution. However, this solution would require changes for the entire Contact Center infrastructure at the same time, therefore it could not be recommended for an immediate solution. Centralised PBX solution either leased or as purchased service would give more time to arrange integrations to IP-technology required level.  With this solution also voice traffic will be secured in short term. Voice traffic between different locations will be arranged using IP-technology. With suggested solution, the bottleneck from traditional voice traffic connections between locations is turned into network bandwidth requirements. Network bandwidth requirement could be handled and implemented more easily than traditional telephone voice connections.
FreeSWITCH 1.0.6 : build robust high performance telephony systems using FreeSWITCH
Charging alternatives for MNO termination
Apostolic faith and episcopal ministry: Lutheran-Anglican dialogue from Pullach to Porvoo
Quality of service and resource management in IP and wireless networks
LTE for UMTS-OFDMA and SC-FDMA based radio access
Network design for IP convergence
Tapping VoIP : on the susceptibility of VoIP to the "Man in the Middle" -attacks
Legal right and political amnesia
CCNP switch 642-813 official certification guide
Looking for the lost tradition of the Finnish dramatic monologue
Fixed-mobile wireless networks convergence : technologies, solutions, services
Scalable VoIP mobility : integration and deployment
Bakhtin on the nature of dialogue: some implications for dialogue between Christian churches
The IMS : IP multimedia concepts and services
Historical dialogue analysis
Dialogical mentoring as an empowering process
Investigation of VoIP and implementation
The technology toolbelt for teaching
Droid X for dummies
"Establish a holistic security stance by learning to view your Internet telephony infrastructure through the eyes of the nefarious cyber-criminal. Hacking ExposedTM Unified Communications & VoIP, Second Edition offers thoroughly expanded coverage of today's rampant threats alongside ready-to-deploy countermeasures. Find out how to block TDoS, toll and social engineering fraud, service abuse, voice phishing, voice SPAM/SPIT, eavesdropping, and man-in-the-middle exploits. This comprehensive guide features all-new chapters, case studies, and examples"--
MVNO pricing structures in Finland
Audio over IP : building pro AoIP systems with Livewire
Ensuring voice quality and quality of experience for Internet Protocol Telephone users in a WLAN environment
Adaptivity and response generation in a spoken dialogue system
European roaming markets : why are international roaming tariffs high?
Skype(R) for dummies(R)
Monitoring and reporting of the Cisco Unified Communications environment
SIP handbook : services, technologies, and security of Session Initiation Protocol
Prices of mobile calls in 2006 : international comparison
Oh as a discourse marker
Implementing voice over internet protocol (VoIP) with Java
JUNOS enterprise switching
Deployment of VoIP in business through a wireless LAN
Sip : understanding the Session Initiation Protocol
Hacking exposed : unified communications & VoIP security secrets & solutions
Voice over IP in wireless heterogenous networks : signalling, mobility, and security
Introduction to data multicasting : [IP multicast streaming for audio and video media distribution]
Analysis anf implementation of IP network video confrence system
Radio in context
The Kizuna Coast
Notes on the Anglican-Orthodox theological dialogue
"Why do you ask?" : the function of questions in institutional discourse
English elements in the spoken discourse of Finnish teenagers playing an English video game
Prices of mobile calls in 2005
VoIP-application development for Symbian-based phones
Suomen puhelukortit 2005/2006 = Telephone cards of Finland 2005/2006
Suomen puhelukortit arviohintoineen 1982-1994 = Telephone cards of Finland and their values 1982-1994
How can you tell who's talking? - transitions between direct speech and narration in Vambarljóð
Securing Voice over IP
Price level of the Finnish telecommunications charges 2005
Setting up Linux based network system
The dialogue of love, marriage and maistrie in Chaucer's Canterbury tales
"Con and Pro" : Early Modern texts in dialogue
VoIP handbook : applications, technologies, reliability, and security
Skype hacks(TM)
Practical analysis of voice quality problems of Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP).
The purpose of this thesis is based on a daily basis encounter to VoIP and security issues involved. Voice over IP (VoIP) is a telephone technology which converts analogue data signal to digital data and transfer them over the internet. VoIP users and service providers need to be aware that there are ordinary people with the knowledge on how to manipulate the system who are constantly trying to attack VoIP technologies, either for fun or for a worse reason.    The aim of the thesis is to better understand the security threats related to VoIP, the mechanics in how this attacks are carried out and mainly how to secure our communication in our day to day interaction with VoIP technology.    The research is based on written sources, a practical approach to a network analyzer and a supplementary interview conducted. The scope of the thesis is limited to main security threats.    The result of this thesis will ensure that organizations and individuals who are planning to implement or already use VoIP to communicate are taking precautionary measures to avoid security problems such as credential theft, eavesdropping, denial of service and other manipulative misuse of the system.
RSS for educators : blogs, newsfeeds, podcasts and wikis in the classroom
Inter-Asterisk exchange (IAX) deployment scenarios in SIP-enabled networks
Abstract: User assesment of the phone call recording system Nicelog. The study was done to gather and analyze user experiences of the phone call recording system NICElog in Sampo Bank's Contact Center Helsinki. The study also explains technical details of the phone network used in Sampo Bank's Contact Center and sheds light on legal issues concerning phone banking and the recording of calls.    The main focus of the study were the interviews that were done with five team leaders who use NICElog in their daily work and also the interview with the director of the contact center of Sampo Bank Asko Mikkonen and the interview with Reijo Aarnio, the Data Protection Ombudsman of Finland. These interviews give a broad view of the daily user experiences of NICElog and the demands NICElog has to meet from the company's perspective and from the customers' perspective.    The phone network and what techniques it is based on was explained by Juha Ulpovaara and these techniques are explained in the study. The director of the study in the company, Juha Ulpovaara, also aided in compiling the interview questions and he also helped to decide who should be interviewed. The part of the legal issues of the study were done based on the conversations with Asko Mikkonen and Reijo Aarnio and also the official procedures of Sampo Bank.    The interviews were conducted with five team leaders and in the interviews it was found out that the phone call recording system NICElog has some problems for example user id related but other than those the image of NICElog was positive. NICElog is an essential program in phone banking but also a very efficient tool in improving customer service skills.
Analysis and evaluation of the security concerns of VoIP services on smart phones : a case study of the Android-based phones.
Tool and machine : the affordances of the mobile phone
Development and evaluation of artificial bandwidth extension methods for narrowband telephone speech
VoIP : wireless, P2P and New Enterprise Voice Over IP
Voice over ip security : a comprehensive survey of vulnerabilities and academic research
Summary.
Researching and implementing a VoIP system for Active Mind Solutions Ltd
Developing hybrid applications for the iPhone : using HTML, CSS, and java Script to build dybamic apps for the iPhone
User assesment of the phone call recording system Nicelog
The cable and telecommunications professionals' reference. Vol. 1, PSTN, IP and cellular networks, and mathematical techniques
Investing in home-preschool collaboration for understanding social worlds of multilingual children
DUMAS - Adaptation and Robust information processing for mobile speech interfaces
Triple play : building the converged network for IP, VoIP and IPTV
Suomen puhelukortit = Telephone cards of Finland
Implementing QoS for VoIP in a Local Area Network (LAN)
Suomen puhelukortit 1982-1996 = Telephone cards of Finland 1982-1996
Position yourself at the forefront of audio and broadcast studio technology by learning audio over IP. You will gain knowledge of IP network engineering as it applies to audio applications, and then progress to a full understanding of how equipment built on Ethernet and Internet Protocol are used in today's audio production and broadcast facilities for the transporting, mixing and processing of pro-quality audio. A chapter on integrating Voice-over IP telephony (VoIP) to pro-audio and broadcast facilities is also included. Using the popular Livewire technology, you will learn how to design, construct, configure and troubleshoot an AoIP system, including how to interface with PCs, VoIP telephone PBXs, IP codecs, and the Internet. See how AoIP systems work in practice, and discover their distinct advantages over older audio infrastructures. With its complete introduction to AoIP technology in a fun, highly readable style, this book is essential for audio professionals who want to broaden their knowledge of IP-based studio systems - or for IT experts who need to understand AoIP applications.
Histories from the North : environments, movements, and narratives
One + one is more than two : a dialogical mentor relationship in  vocational teacher education
Generating responses and explanations from RDF/XML and DAML+OIL : Graham Wilcock and Krsitiina Jokinen
Development and evaluation of artificial bandwith extension methods for narrowband telephone speech
Mobile pricing and interconnection regimes
The video-communication system
Developing dialogic communication culture in media education : integrating dialogism and technology
