http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22352 ecological planning
ecological planning ecodesign
The no-growth imperative : creating sustainable communities under ecological limits to growth
The big book of green design / edited by Suzanna M. W. Stephens, Anthony B. Stephens ; introduction by Eric Benson
The sustainable fashion handbook
Earthship. Vol. 1, How to build your own
Understanding green building guidelines : for students and young professionals
Bio-id4s : Biomimicry in industrial design for sustainability
Green design : from theory to practice
Risk governance : the articulation of hazard, politics and ecology
Strategic Development and Sustainability of Airline Industry : case study: Air Malawi
"In Green Gone Wrong environmental writer Heather Rogers blasts through the marketing buzz of big corporations and asks a simple question: Do today's much-touted "green" producers - carbon offsets, organic, food, biofuels, and eco-friendly cars and homes - really work? Implicit in efforts to go green is the promise that global warming can be stopped by swapping out dirty goods for "clean" ones. But can earth-friendly products really save the planet?" "This narrative explores how the most readily available solutions to environmental crisis may be disastrously off the mark. Rogers travels the world tracking how the conversion from a "perro" to a "green" society affects the most fundamental aspects of life - food, shelter, and transportation. Reporting from some of the most remote places on earth, Rogers uncovers shocking results that include massive clear-cutting, destruction of native ecosystems, and grinding poverty. Relying simply on market forces, people with good intentions wanting to just "do something" to help the planet are left feeling confused and powerless." "Green Gone Wrong reveals a fuller story, taking the reader into forests, fields, factories, and boardrooms around the world to draw out the unintended consequences, inherent obstacles, and successes of eco-friendly consumption. What do the labels "USDA Certified Organic" and "Fair Trade" really mean on a vast South American export-driven organic farm? A superlow-energy "eco-village" in Germany's Black Forest demonstrates that green homes dramatically shrink energy use, so why aren't we using this technology in America? The decisions made in Detroit's executive suites have kept Americans driving gas-guzzling automobiles for decades, even as U.S. automakers have European models that clock twice the mpg." "This expose pieces together a global picture of what's happening in the name of today's environmentalism. Rogers casts a sober eye on what's working and what's not."--BOOK JACKET.
LEED practices, certification, and accreditation handbook
The good office : green Design on the Cutting Edge
Abstract.
The eco-design handbook : a complete sourcebook for the home and office
Guide to the LEED Green Associate Exam
"This new and expanded edition builds upon the first edition's powerful multi-perspective approach and breath of coverage. A truly comprehensive introduction to sustainable development, it is designed specifically to allow access to the topic from a wide range of educational and professional backgrounds and to develop understanding of a diversity of approaches and traditions at different levels.This second edition includes:a complete update of the text, with increased coverage of major topics including ecosystems; production and consumption; business; urban sustainability; governance; new media technologies; conservation; leadership; globalization and global crises; sustainability literacy and learning;more examples from the Global South and North America, while retaining its unique coverage of first world countries;chapter aims at the start and summaries at the end of each chapter; glossary of key terms; a new chapter on Conservation with a focus on behaviour change and values;a brand new website which includes discussion of how projects are done on the ground, additional exercises and online cases, test questions and recommended readings and films.Offering boxed examples from the local to the global, Understanding Sustainable Development is the most complete guide to the subject for course leaders, undergraduates and postgraduates"--
City village of to-morrow : can cities become sustainable?
Places of the heart : the psychogeography of everyday life
Green homes : new ideas for sustainable living
Science fiction prototypes as design outcome of research : reflecting ecological research approach and experience design for the Internet of things
The nine elements of a sustainable campus
In his design lab P-REX, Alan Berger, Professor of Urbanism and Landscape Design, investigates the principle of Systemic Design. Systemic Design seeks to interact with the environmental, economic and programmatic stresses across regional territories. According to Berger this will lead to more intelligent project scenarios to address the most pressing environmental and social challenges of our time.
Life cycle assessment and ecodesign in a day : lessons learned from a series of LCA clinics for start-ups and small and medium enterprises (SMEs)
The green library : the challenge of environmental sustainability = Die Grüne Bibliothek : ökologische Nachhaltigkeit in der Praxis
21st century sustainable homes
Green products : perspectives on innovation and adoption
Sustainable fashion : new approaches
This book highlights new ways of thinking about sustainable design, while showcasing innovative product. It is a collection of outstanding, innovative product, graphic, fashion, and environment designs.
Sustainable : houses with small footprints
Cities and nature
"This book is a follow-up to our steady seller Natural Architecture. Presenting all new work by twenty artists not featured in the first volume as well as new projects by a selection of artists discussed in the first edition, Natural Architecture Now will showcase extraordinary spaces and exceptional structures created using natural materials and manual labor. The works make direct reference to the world of nature in terms of their location, the materials used, and a minimum application of non-artisan techniques. These are beautiful structures that use the resources of place, the specific characteristics of the site, growth processes, and spontaneous and accidental phenomena to investigate our feelings about nature, while addressing ecology, landscape, and environment as belonging to art"--
Experimental eco->design : architecture, fashion, product
Sustainable graphic design : tools, systems and strategies for innovative print design
Permaculture design : a step-by-step guide
Design : the key concepts
Although urban allotment gardening dates back to the nineteenth century, it has recently undergone a renaissance of interest and popularity. This is the result of greater concern over urban greenspace, food security and quality of life. This book presents a comprehensive, research-based overview of the various features, benefits and values associated with urban allotment gardening in Europe. The book is based on a European COST Action project, which brings together researchers and practitioners from all over Europe for the first detailed exploration of the subject on a continent-wide scale. It assesses the policy, planning and design aspects, as well as the social and ecological benefits of urban allotment gardening. Through an examination of the wide range of different traditions and practices across Europe, it brings together the most recent research to discuss the latest evolutions of urban allotment gardening and to help raise awareness and fill knowledge gaps. The book provides a multidisciplinary perspective, including insights from horticulture and soil science, ecology, sociology, urban geography, landscape, planning and design. The themes are underpinned by case studies from a number of European countries which supply a wide range of examples to illustrate different key issues.
"This new and expanded edition builds upon the first edition's powerful multi-perspective approach and breath of coverage. A truly comprehensive introduction to sustainable development, it is designed specifically to allow access to the topic from a wide range of educational and professional backgrounds and to develop understanding of a diversity of approaches and traditions at different levels. Offering boxed examples from the local to the global, this textbook the most complete guide to the subject for course leaders, undergraduates and postgraduates"--
Earth to spirit
1000 new eco designs and where to find them
Circular economy, industrial ecology and short supply chain
Earthship. Vol. 2, Systems and components
Dictionary of ecodesign : an illustrated reference
Green infrastructure for sustainable urban development in Africa
Ecodesign : a manual for ecological design
Sustainable landscape planning : the reconnection agenda
EcoArchitecture : the work of Ken Yeang
Prefabulous and sustainable : building and customizing an affordable, energy-efficient home
A presentation of contemporary houses that demonstrates how domesticity can be beautiful and still help the planet. Have we passed a tipping point beyond which we can no longer reverse a course of action that was charted several decades ago Sustainable: Houses with Small Footprints argues that we can indeed detach our dwellings from a dependence on many external systems and resources and adopt other building practices. What is known as living off the grid is possible, and Sustainable presents forty-five houses that demonstrate how architects have implemented sustainable design concepts around the world. These projects show us what time-tested vernacular design principles--including local materials, natural ventilation strategies, and earth shelter construction--can teach us, as well as how the latest cutting-edge technologies--such as indoor farming and living walls made of plant material--can make truly sustainable design possible. The variety and ingenuity of the projects featured here make Sustainable a uniquely coherent and authoritative volume on sustainable residential design.
The living landscape : an ecological approach to landscape planning
"A Selection of the Library of Science, History, and Military Book Clubs  "One of the finest science writers I've ever read." -Los Angeles Times  "Ellard has a knack for distilling obscure scientific theories into practical wisdom." -New York Times Book Review  "[Ellard] mak[es] even the most mundane entomological experiment or exegesis of psychological geekspeak feel fresh and fascinating." -NPR  "Colin Ellard is one of the world's foremost thinkers on the neuroscience of urban design. Here he offers an entirely new way to understand our cities-and ourselves." -CHARLES MONTGOMERY, author of Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design  Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature-places we escape to and can't escape from-have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating.  Colin Ellard is the author of You Are Here: Why We Can Find Our Way to the Moon, but Get Lost in the Mall. A cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo and director of its Urban Realities Laboratory, he lives in Kitchener, Ontario. "--
In search of natural architecture
Eco fashion
Eco-resorts : planning and design for the tropics
Environmental information for industrial designers
From disposable to sustainable : the complex interplay between design and consumption of textiles and clothing
Sustainable design strategies: Examination of aesthetics and function in zero waste and upcycling
Ecocities : building cities in balance with nature
Natural architecture now : new projects from outside the boundaries of design
Ecology and design : frameworks for learning
Systemic Design© can change the world : Utopia's practical cousin
A handbook of sustainable building design and engineering : an integrated approach to energy, health and operational performance
The potential of spatial planning tools to support the ecosystem appproach to aquaculture : FAO/Rome Expert Workshop : 19 - 21 November 2008,Rome, Italy
Green IT solutions at present days
Design, Heidegger and the earth : the unsustainability of sustainable design
Swarming landscapes : the art of designing for climate adaptation
Green design : creative, sustainable designs for the twenty-first century
Challenges in Sustainable Toy Design
Sustainability and design ethics
Integrated sustainable design of buildings
Understanding sustainable development
Eco-city planning : policies, practice and design
Management planning for nature conservation : a theoretical basis & practical guide
EcoDesign : the sourcebook
Green architecture
The philosophy of sustainable design : the future of architecture
Design on the edge : the making of a high-performance building
Urban eco chic / how to create an eco-friendly home without compromising on style
Paradise lost : rationality, freedom and ecology in the city
Design as politics
"Landscapes develop and evolve through an interacting series of processes - climatic, geological, ecological and cultural - over varying periods of time. These processes shape the structure and character of the landscapes which we experience. Over time, distinctive patterns emerge - ranging in scale from the distribution of small plants to the sculptured sides of a huge canyon. Our perception of these patterns goes beyond just their visual appreciation - beautiful though they may be - into a richer understanding of how we experience our environment. By understanding this complex pattern-process interaction we can obtain a deeper awareness of landscape and our place in it - as inhabitants and as shapers. The book explores the nature of patterns and ways of classifying them before studying the nature of perception (primarily visual but including other senses), then proceeds to relate this perception to aesthetics and from there to the design process. From this point the main driving processes in landscape are introduced alongside the resulting patterns, these being climatic, landform, ecosystem and cultural aspects. It is this integrative approach of looking at landscape as a kind of self-organising system, overlaid by conscious human planning activities and the unity of pattern and process, which makes this book unique. Landscape draws from a wide range of neighbouring disciplines, of which the landscape planner or designer needs to be aware, but which are often taught as distinct elements. Bell binds these fundamentals together, which enables the landscape to be 'read', and this reading to be used as the basis for planning and design"--Publisher's website.
Hundertwasser : the painter-king with the 5 skins : the power of art
"Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature--places we escape to and can't escape from--have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating"--
Preparing for the LEED-NC Professional Accreditation Exam involves not only an understanding of the LEED-NC rating system, but also of how the LEED process is administered on a project. This study guide for the LEED-NC Professional Accreditation Exam helps architects, building owners, contractors, and others involved in LEED building comprehend each prerequisite and credit in the LEED for New Construction Rating System and understand the responsibilities of the LEED project team administrator in coordinating the project team and in implementing the LEED process. A practice exam completes the student's preparation with hands-on test-taking experience.
Innovative Houses : concepts for sustainable living
Fashion : prêt-à-porter, haute couture, street wear, casual
Principles of ecological landscape design
Landscape : pattern, perception and process
Sustainable fashion and textiles : design journeys
Ecological engineering design : restoring and conserving ecosystem services
Ecological building criteria for Viikki
Earth to spirit : in search of natural architecture
Experimental eco-design : architecture, fashion, product
Design and material selection of high-speed rotating electrical machines
Designing sustainable packaging
Urban allotment gardens in Europe
Ignorance and surprise : science, society, and ecological design
Design now!
Green building through integrated design
Green gone wrong : the broken promise of the eco-friendly economy
Manmade environment : new nordic scopes
Green gone wrong : dispatches from the front lines of eco-capitalism
Design revolution : 100 products that empower people
