http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22308 equality education
equality education
Families, education and social differences
Beyond equality and difference : pedagogical implications in a multicultural and multilingual society
Key issues in special educational needs and inclusion
Addresses invisibilities and inequities in the sociology of education, the careers of women teachers and the experiences of women academics. The author examines the development of the sociology of women's education and considers whether gender equity in education is feasible.
Foundations of educational thought. Vol. 2, Modern (1932-1979)
Human rights learning : the significance of narratives, relationality and uniqueness
Cultural practices and transitions in education
The miseducation of women
Equality and power in schools : redistribution, recognition and representation
Schoolsmart and motherwise : working-class women's identity and schooling
Equity in the classroom : towards effective pedagogy for girls and boys
This handbook illustrates how education scholars employ Critical Race Theory (CRT) as a framework to bring attention to issues of race and racism in education. It is the first authoritative reference work to provide a truly comprehensive description and analysis of the topic, from the defining conceptual principles of CRT in the Law that gave shape to its radical underpinnings to the political and social implications of the field today. It is divided into three sections, covering innovations in educational research, policy and practice in both schools and in higher education, and the increasing interdisciplinary nature of critical race research. With 28 newly commissioned pieces written by the most renowned scholars in the field, this handbook provides the definitive statement on the state of critical race theory in education and on its possibilities for the future.
Difficult but doable : good practices for equality work
The limits and possibilities of schooling : an introduction to the sociology of education
Pupil's attitudes to equality between the sexes : an attitude survey and an educational study in the low and middle stages of the comprehensive school
The struggle for democratic education : equality and participation in Sweden
Equality in action : a way forward with persona dolls
Education, gender and anxiety
The issues explored in The Feminist Classroom are as timely and controversial today as they were when the book first appeared six years ago. This expanded edition offers new material that rereads and updates previous chapters, including a major new chapter on the role of race. The authors offer specific new classroom examples of how assumptions of privilege, specifically the workings of unacknowledged whiteness, shape classroom discourses. This edition also goes beyond the classroom, to examine the present context of American higher education. Drawing on in-depth interviews and using the actual words of students and teachers, the authors take the reader into classrooms at six colleges and universities - Lewis and Clark College, Wheaton College, the University of Arizona, Towson State University, Spelman College, and San Francisco State University. The result is an intimate view of the pedagogical approaches of seventeen feminist college professors. Feminist scholars have demonstrated that American higher education has long represented a white, male, privileged minority. The professors here bring together the twin upheavals that have challenged this tradition: namely a rapidly changing student body and the more inclusive knowledge of feminist and multicultural scholarship. They uncover the voices, concerns and experiences of groups hitherto marginalized in higher education: women, people of color and working class students. Through concrete examples of classroom practice, the work of these professors challenge the traditional split between knowledge and pedagogy that has long characterized higher education.
Justice and equality in education : a capability perspective on disability and special educational needs
Democracy and education : an introduction to the philosophy of education
Education and society
Equality and freedom in education : a comparative study
The excluded past : archaeology in education
Social background and educational career : research perspectives on equality of educational opportunity
Education for global responsibility - Finnish perspectives
The changing landscape of education in Africa : quality, equality and democracy
Case study on the project "Fair Sex"
Japanese schooling : patterns of socialization, equality, and political control
The power to define the curriculum
Researching race and social justice in education : essays in honour of Barry Troyna
The nordic project for equal opportunities in teacher education (Nord-Lilia) : report of the Finnish projects
Inequality : a reassessment of the effect of family and schooling in America
Problems of sociology in education
Gender and the politics of schooling
Handbook of critical race theory in education
Boys Don't Cry looks at the factors in schools that affect the socialization of boys; at pressures on them to conform to damaging male stereotypes; at relationships between boys and at bullying and aggressive behaviour in general. The book provides an analysis of the ways in which schools may unintentionally reinforce and perpetuate certain aspects of 'masculinity' which operate against the boys' best interests. It also considers some constraints put on boys and looks at how these may affect both their social development and their approach to various learning activities. Women teachers might also be adversely affected by these pressures. The book explores ways in which this is particularly apparent in the 'masculine' atmosphere of boys' schools.
Answering Back exposes the volatility of gender reform in many different schools and classrooms. It tells stories in close up and from below, allowing everyone to talk: anxious boys, naughty girls, cantankerous teachers, pontificating principals and feisty feminists. This book challenges many sacred ideas about gender reform in schools and will surprise and unsettle teachers and researchers. It draws on a deep knowledge of gender issues in schools and of feminist theories, policies and practices. It is compelling and provocative reading at the leading edge.
Education for equality : some guidelines for good practice
The history of special education : a struggle for equality in American public schools
Proceedings from the 1st International Conference Values in Education across Boundaries, Umeå 27-28 November 2002
"Readings for Diversity and Social Justice is the market leading anthology to cover the full scope of social oppression from a social justice standpoint. With full sections dedicated to racism, sexism, classism, heterosexism, and ableism, as well as transgenderism, ethno-religious oppression, and adult and ageism, this bestselling text goes far beyond the range of traditional readers. New essay selections in each section have been carefully chosen to keep topic coverage timely and readings accessible and engaging for students. The interactions among these topics are highlighted throughout to stress the interconnections among oppressions in everyday life.Each thematic section is divided into three parts: Contexts, Personal Voices, and Next Steps and Actions. The first two parts provide vivid portraits of the meaning of diversity and the realities of oppression. The third part challenges the reader to take action to end oppressive behavior and affirm diversity and social justice. Retaining the key features and organization that has made Readings for Diversity and Social Justice an indispensable text for teaching issues of social justice while simultaneously updating and expanding its coverage, this new edition features:Strong and accessible section introductions to highlight key points and relate the essential concepts of any given topic to other forms of oppression. Updated sections to include new accessible, engaging and poignant selections that maximize student engagement. Contextual pieces to theorize structural inequality; personal narratives to provide vivid portraits of "difference" and "otherness"; and next steps to challenge the reader to take action. An emphasis on the interconnectedness of social identity and social inequality throughout.An alternative, thematic table of contents.An updated companion website with additional resources, including videos, further suggested readings, and teaching materials"--
Democracies always in the making : historical and current philosophical issues for education
"Can it really mean us?" : Nord-Lilia Project in Oulu, Finland
The sociology of educational inequality
Democracy and education
Unequal schools, unequal changes : the challenges to equal opportunity in the Americas
Feminist critical policy analysis. 1, A perspective from primary and secondary schooling
Educating citizens in a multicultural society
Policy as practice : toward a comparative sociocultural analysis of educational policy
The ABC of gender equality in education : aptitude, behaviour, confidence
Answering back : girls, boys and feminism in schools
Democracy, education and citizenship : towards a theory on the education of deliberative democratic citizens
The crisis of meaning in culture and education
Citizenship and education in liberal-democratic societies : teaching for cosmopolitan values and collective identities
Critical curriculum studies : education, consciousness, and the politics of knowing
Constructing educational inequality : an assessment of research on school processes
Education for all : a landmark in pluralism
Revolutionary pedagogies : cultural politics, instituting education, and the discourse of theory
Investigating gender : contemporary perspectives in education
An introduction to multicultural education
Class, ideologies & educational futures
The schooled society : an introduction to the sociology of education
Gender, policy and educational change : shifting agendas in the UK and Europe
Boarding schools as means to educate children from remote districts in Finland  : a micro-historical study of the role of the student hall of residence in Sodankylä, 1943-1972
Readings for diversity and social justice
Participation and the pursuit of equality : essays in adult learning, widening participation and achievement
Summary.
Critical race theory in education : all God's children got a song
Who takes the second chance? : implementing educational equality in adult basic education in a Swedish context
Teaching "race" with a gendered edge
World yearbook of education. 1984, Women and education
Human rights and education. 3, Human rights and education
Class, culture and education
Gendered education : sociological reflections on women, teaching and feminism
Social influences on educational attainment : research perspectives on educational equality
Learning for democratic citizenship
Through whose eyes? : exploring racism : reader, text and context
Boys don't cry : boys and sexism in education
Beyond progressive education
Sexualities in education : a reader
Equalities and inequalities in education : proceedings of the 11th annual symposium of the Eugenics society, London 1974
Sex roles and the school
Parents, gender and education reform
Education and social class
Deschooling society
Inclusion, equality & diversity in working with children
Compass : manual for human rights education with young people
The nordic project for equal opportunities in teacher education (nord-lilia) : report of the finnish projects
Education still under siege
Women and education in Sub-Saharan Africa : power, opportunities, and constraints
Theory and method in higher education research. Volume 2
Debates and issues in feminist research and pedagogy : a reader
Schooling for democracy : critical pedagogy in the modern age
Gendered structures and processes in primary teacher education : challenge for gender-sensitive pedagogy
Education, equality and society
The feminist classroom
Education, equality and human rights : issues of gender, 'race', sexuality, special needs and social class
Whatever happened to equal opportunities in schools? : gender equality initiatives in education
Were they pushed or did they jump? : individual decision mechanisms in education
Illusions of equality
