http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22348 energy systems
energy systems
The passive solar house
Self-Sustainable Service Facility
On reliability and performance analyses of IEC 61850 for digital SAS
Dependable cognitive wireless networking:modelling and design
Matching analysis for on-site building energy systems involving energy conversion, storage and hybrid grid connections
Cooperation and paradoxes in climate economics
Analysis and Design of Heat Energy Control System
Modelling of control systems and optimal operation of power units in thermal power plants
Continuous transformation and neo-carbon energy scenarios
Finnish energy industries : energy scenarios and visions for the future : background report
Phase voltage control and filtering in a converter-fed single-phase customer-end system of the LVDC distribution network
Nemo : advanced energy systems and technologies : final report on the energy research programme 1988-1992
On energy modelling for a range of spatial, temporal and technological scales
Solar energy in buildings : thermal balance for efficient heating and cooling
Compensation of transmitter nonlinearities using predistortion techniques : case studies of envelope tracking amplifiers and radio-over-fibre links
Transparent thermal insulations (TIM) : performance properties
Research highlights in energy and eco-efficient built environment
Inhimilliseen sisäilmastoon : Towards a more humane indoor climate
Solar and Heat Pump Systems for Residential Buildings
Dynamic environmental indicators for smart homes:assessing the role of home energy management systems in achieving decarbonisation goals in the residential sector
The works : anatomy of a city
Domestic space heating load management in smart grid: potential benefits and realization
Rakennusten ilmanvaihto = Ventilation for buildings : rakennusten energiatehokkuus = energy performance of buildings : ilmastointijärjestelmien määräaikaistarkastusohjeet = guidelines for inspection of air-conditioning systems
Electrical installations handbook
Build your own small wind power system
Managing wind power variability and uncertainty through increased power system flexibility
Quantifying the relationship of resilience and eco-efficiency in complex adaptive energy systems
Biomass power for the world
Thermo-mechanical behaviour of ground-source thermo-active structures
Harmonics in power systems of ships with electrical propulsion drives. Part 2, Comparison between different converters
Intelligent information services in environmental applications
Dynamic characteristics of grid-connected three-phase Z-Source inverter in photovoltaic applications
Smart city : research highlights
Measuring energy efficiency : indicators and potentials in buildings, communities and energy systems
Energy saving of central air-conditioning and control system : Case study: Nanchang Hongkelong Supermarket
NEMO : Advanced energy systems and technologies : evaluatin of the research programme 1988 - 1990.
The choice of heating systems and fuels by households in Finland
Supply chain development of photovoltaic energy systems : a critical analysis of the consumer's role : case study Ghana
Solar technologies for buildings
Solar energy and Telemedicine in West Africa
Understanding the characteristics of unutilized biomass resources, such as small-diameter trees from biomass-dense thinning forests (BDTF) (non-commercially-thinned forests), can provide important information for developing a bio-based economy. The aim of this study was to describe the areal distribution, characteristics (biomass of growing stock, tree height, etc.) and harvesting potential of BDTF in Sweden. A national forest inventory plot dataset was imported into a geographical information system and plots containing BDTF were selected by applying increasingly stringent constraints. Results show that, depending on the constraints applied, BDTF covers 9-44% (2.1-9.8 M ha) of the productive forest land area, and contains 7-34% of the total growing stock (119-564 M OD t), with an average biomass density of 57 OD t ha-1. Of the total BDTF area, 65% is located in northern Sweden and 2% corresponds to set-aside farmlands. Comparisons with a study from 2008 indicate that BDTF area has increased by at least 4% (about 102 000 ha), in line with general trends for Sweden and Europe. Analyses revealed that the technical harvesting potential of delimbed stemwood (over bark, including tops) from BDTF ranges from 3.0 to 6.1 M OD t yr-1 (7.5 to 15.1 M m3 yr-1), while the potential of whole-tree harvesting ranges from 4.3 to 8.7 M OD t yr-1 (10.2 to 20.6 M m3 yr-1) depending on the scenario considered. However, further technological developments of the harvest and supply systems are needed to utilize the full potential of BDTF..
Wind turbine control systems : principles, modelling and gain scheduling design
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 4
Natural Home Heating : the Complete Guide to renewable Energy Options
Power system control and stability
Integration of green and renewable energy in electric power systems
Advanced energy systems and technologies : final report 1993-1998
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 6
"Have you ever wondered how the water in your faucet gets there? Where your garbage goes? What the pipes under city streets do? How bananas from Ecuador get to your local market? Why radiators in apartment buildings clang? Using New York City as its point of reference, The Works takes readers down manholes and behind the scenes to explain exactly how an urban infrastructure operates. Deftly weaving text and graphics, author Kate Ascher explores the systems that manage water, traffic, sewage and garbage, subways, electricity, mail, and much more. Full of fascinating facts and anecdotes, The Works gives readers a unique glimpse at what lies behind and beneath urban life in the twenty-first century."--Back cover.
Advanced energy systems and technologies research in Finland : Nemo 2 annual report 1994-1995
Computational studies on variable distributed energy systems
Distribution, characteristics and potential of biomass-dense thinning forests in Sweden
Advanced energy systems
A knowledge-based system for real-time operation planning and event analysis in power system control
Handbook of energy engineering
Biomassan tietopalveluprojekti = Biomass conversion technical information service
Solar Photovoltaic
Electrical power systems quality
Renewable energy market-entry in developing economies : (case: Nigeria)
Advanced energy systems and technologies research in Finland : NEMO-2 Programme : annual report 1996-1997
Climate change and cities : first assessment report of the Urban Climate Change Research Network
Planning and installing solar thermal systems : a guide for installers, architects, and engineers
LVIS-2000 : future building services : interim report 1988-1990
Heating and cooling with focus on increased energy efficiency and improved comfort : guidebook to IEA ECBCS Annex 37, Low exergy systems for heating and cooling of buildings : summary report
Abstract: It is important to bring medical help to those living in West Africa. A good way to do this is by telemedicine. Telemedicine, although it uses power, can be achieved easily with solar panels, and the best solar panels are monocrystalline and cadmium telluride. Using graphical scenarios, statistical derivations, theoretical ideologies acquired from literature reviews, usability ideas and two personal case scenarios, the objective of this project was achieved. Criteria like cost, temperature coefficient, and sustainability can be used as weighing factors in determining the suitability of a solar panel. This study recommends interfacing a telemedicine took-kit with a hand-held tablet PC, and supporting the combination with a power module for both solar energy and battery to improve ergonomics, to decrease the number of power outages and to solve wire management problems. This study suggests collaborations between government and technology-led societies provide investment leverage for the development of sustainable telemedicine platforms for West Africa, while more research in efficient power systems will be considered an added advantage to this process. Finally, health workers, energy engineers, research students, investors and especially those who are passionate about West Africa ́s technological processes will find this study very resourceful.
Condition assessment of high voltage insulation in power system equipment
Planning and installing photovoltaic systems : a guide for installers, architects, and engineers
Use of an expert system for energy cost calculations in the pulp and paper industry
Renewable energy and energy efficiency : assessment of projects and policies
Build your own solar panel : generate electricity from the sun
Building-integrated photovoltaics : photovoltaics, building envelope, thin film solar cell, polymer, pitched roof, solarmer energy, Inc
LVIS-2000 and ETRR : future building services and energy-efficient buildings and building components : evaluation of the research programmes 1988-1990
Benefits of carbon neutrality in a rapidly changing business environment
Interim report of the environmental economics committee : environment related energy taxation
Energy storage systems for integration of renewables
Information policies of nuclear regulatory organisations = Les politiques d'information des organismes de réglementation nucléaire
Building a foundation for smart energy management system
This thesis considers data transmission in a full-duplex (FD) multiuser multiple-input multiple-output (MU-MIMO) system, where a FD capable base station (BS) bidirectionally communicates with multiple half-duplex (HD) users in downlink (DL) and uplink (UL) channels using the same radio resources. The main challenge in FD communications is how to deal with the self-interference (SI) between transmit and receive antennas at the BS. The work carried out in the thesis is motivated by recent advanced techniques in hardware design demonstrating that the SI can be suppressed to a degree that possibly allows for FD transmission in cellular networks. In particular, this thesis attempts to explore the potential gains in terms of the spectral efficiency (SE) and energy efficiency (EE) that can be brought by the FD MU-MIMO model. As the first of its kinds, the thesis aims to present a solid mathematical framework and report interesting results that foster research on wireless communications in general and FD communications in particular.For the FD system of interest the major challenge is due to the SI and co-channel interference from users in the UL channel to the ones in the DL channel, resulting in the coupling between the two channels. As a result we are concerned with the problem of joint transmit processing design to maximize the SE and EE subject to certain power constraints. Since the design problems are natually non-convex, it is difficult to find the globally optimal solutions or even when possible it is not practically appealing. Our contributions to solving these design problems are on the development of several iterative algorithms that can obtain locally optimal solutions. The proposed algorithms are built upon a framework of local optimization strategies such as the sequential parametric convex approximation and the Frank-Wolfe methods. In special cases closed-form designs are also presented.The reported results show that when the SI is sufficiently suppressed the considered FD MU-MIMO system with the proposed SE designs achieves a significantly better SE but consumes more energy, compared to the HD counterpart. In terms of EE the proposed EE scheme is superior to the proposed SE design. Moreover, in the low transmit power region, the EE design achieves a worse EE than the HD system but a better one in the high trasmit power regime when the SI power is low.
Supplying small solar photovoltaic systems to Hanoi, Vietnam
Choosing the optimal energy system for buildings and districts
Electrical Power Systems : design and analysis
A Feasibility Study of Process Steam Sourcing for District Heating Accumulators
Marketing mechanisms for photovoltaic technology in developing countries : case Ghana
Cities for smart environmental and energy futures : impacts on architecture and technology
Handbook of bioenergy : bioenergy supply chain - models and applications
User-centered approach in practice : designing photovoltaic energy use for Italian homes
The electrical engineering handbook. Systems, controls, embedded systems, energy, and machines
Sustainable solar housing Volume 2 : exemplary buildings and technologies
This handbook brings together recent advances in the areas of supply chain optimization, supply chain management, and life-cycle cost analysis of bioenergy. These topics are important for the development and long-term sustainability of the bioenergy industry. The increasing interest in bioenergy has been motivated by its potential to become a key future energy source. The opportunities and challenges that this industry has been facing have been the motivation for a number of optimization-related works on bioenergy. Practitioners and academicians agree that the two major barriers of further investments in this industry are biomass supply uncertainty and costs. The goal of this handbook is to present several cutting-edge developments and tools to help the industry overcome these supply chain and economic challenges. Case studies highlighting the problems faced by investors in the US and Europe illustrate the impact of certain tools in making bioenergy an economically viable energy option.
Spatial multicriteria decision analysis for the siting of on-shore wind power in Kemiönsaari
Health, sustainability, and the built environment
Control in power electronics : selected problems
Towards automated building energy performance simulation for BIM based renovation projects
Heating Systems in Finland and China
Dependable cognitive wireless networking : modelling and design
Energy systems engineering : evaluation and implementation
Heating and cooling of buildings : design for efficiency
Wind energy systems : control engineering design
Renewable energy in power systems
Local energy : distributed generation of heat and power
LVIS-2000 : future building services : final report on the energy research programme 1988-1992
Transmission strategies for full-duplex multiuser MIMO communications systems
