http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22304 wikis
wikis
Wikipedia : the missing manual
How the Internet works
Blogs, wikis, Facebook and more : everything you want to know about using today's Internet but are afraid to ask
Literacy lessons for a digital world : using blogs, wikis, podcasts, and more to meet the demands of the common core
Blogging and other social media : exploiting the technology and protecting the enterprise
Videowikis for improved problem-based collaborative learning: Engaging information systems science students
Build a website for free
The complete guide to wikis : how to set up, use, and benefit from wikis for teachers, business professionals, families, and friends
The impact of social networking at HAAGA-HELIA
Juristopia : semantic wiki for legal information
Killer fashion revolution : combining peace education with participatory art and design
A survey on web 2.0
A guide to using technology in research
Management assistant's guide to information seeking
Blogs, wikis, podcasts & more
Mastering web 2.0 : transform your business using key website and social media tools
This edited volume includes the most up to date, expanded, and peer reviewed papers from the 2011 CELDA Conference, focusing on the conference theme: Ubiquitous and Mobile Informal and Formal Learning in thr Digital Age. The contributions are aggressively interdisciplinary and cover such timely topics as social web technologies, virtual worlds and games, and location-based and context-aware learning environments. Informal and formal learning settings are explored and a myriad of concrete examples provided to assit the reader in developing curricula, programs, and courses on the topic.
Social media : introduction to the tools and processes of participatory economy
Few virtues are as celebrated in contemporary culture as openness. But what does openness mean, and what would a political theory of openness look like? The author uses Wikipedia, the most prominent product of open organization, to analyze the theory and politics of openness in practice - and to break its spell.
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
Wiki writing : collaborative learning in the classroom
Recent years brought a shift in the focus of Web applications towards social interaction, collaboration and networking. One aspect in this context is the rising importance of social media, which encompass various applications for the publication of user-generated content. Social media have also influenced technology-enhanced learning and teaching. The collaborative aspects of social media suit the constructivist learning theory, while the communicative aspects may be applied to fostering informal learning. This book investigates the way learning and knowledge acquisition occur in such communities. It is based on a series of surveys on the application of social media in education, and proposes a set of scenarios for the inclusion of various social media applications in the learning process in higher education. Based on these scenarios, exemplary tools have been developed and evaluated, and are presented in this context.
Elgg social networking : create and manage your own social network site using this free open-source tool
The control of network communication : case study of Chinese Wikipedia
A quick start guide to social media marketing : high impact low-cost marketing that works
Participative web and user-created content : Web 2.0, Wikis and social networking
An application of wikis for mediated collaborative learning to Spanish L2
Ubiquitous and mobile learning in the digital age
Sams teach yourself Drupal in 24 hours
Classroom blogging : a teacher's guide to blogs, wikis, & other tools that are shaping a new information landscape
Here comes everybody : how change happens when people come together
Blogs, wikis, podcasts and other powerful web tools for classrooms
Professional wikis
MediaWiki 1.1 beginner's guide : install, manage, and customize your own MediaWiki-based site
The social web
How Wikipedia works : and how you can be a part of it
Google Apps deciphered : compute in the cloud to streamline your desktop
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Practical liferay : Java-based portal applications development ; [a down-to-earth, practical approach to developing full-featured Java-based Web portals with blogs, wikis, and more]
Teaching arts and science with the new social media
Wikis for dummies
Using wikis for collaboration in online learning : the power of the read-write web
Web 2.0 for schools : learning and social participation
Social media for trainers : / techniques for enhancing and extending learning
E-preneur : from Wall Street to wiki : succeeding as a crowdpreneur in the new virtual marketplace
Cyberculture and new media
Wikis for libraries
Mediated collaborative learning
Discourse of blogs and wikis
Summary (s. 9-13).
Wikipedia : a new community of practice?
Microsoft SharePoint 2007 technologies : planning, design and implementation
Increasing student engagement and retention using online learning activities : wikis, blogs and webquests
Open source web applications for libraries
Increasing student engagement and retention using social technologies : Facebook, e-portfolios and other social networking services
Wiki government : how technology can make government better, democracy stronger, and citizens more powerful
Knowledge sharing in virtual communities
The utilization of blogs, wikis and RSS feeds in the organizational communication of publicly listed industrial companies in the Tampere economic area : case companies: Nokian Tyres Plc and Glaston Corporation
RSS for educators : blogs, newsfeeds, podcasts and wikis in the classroom
Goal  of  thesis  was  evaluate  usage  of  wikipedia  based  server  in  test  management purposes. In technical part of thesis goal was to produce application or applications which can be used as help of test management when using test cases saved to wiki. Wiki based collaborator tools are quite common nowadays. It is easy to use those to share information among wide scale of personnel in projects. Testing is typically such phase in SW development which interests many persons in projects. It will do working more efficient if you can share information easily among different user groups. Problem in existing testing management systems usually are that information sharing is not so efficient. It is not usually so easy to share results or progress. When using wiki based application you can just share wiki link. Idea behind making wiki based testing management system was to decrease amount of separate reports to different groups of personnel. Implementation of test management system were started during thesis work and parts of it were successfully implemented. There is still missing parts and full integration with finished UI needs to be done in future.
Public Relations and the Social Web : how to use social media and web 2.0 in communications
The boy who could change the world : the writings of Aaron Swartz
iWrite : using blogs, wikis, and digital stories in the English classroom
An investigation of wiki as a company’s communication and knowledge management tool
The Impact of Social Networking at HAAGA-HELIA
As technology advances, there is a concern for the use of Social Networking in a learning environment such as HAAGA-HELIA. The ability of students to separate the time of socialization from the time of total and complete learning, is direct or indirect affecting the students perfomance.     In order to accomplish a smooth studying environment, a complete study of HAAGA-HELIA Social Networking was studied, by conducting a qualitative and quantitative research. The questionnaires were distributed to both Teachers and Students of Pasila campus. The survey was meant to access the positive and the negative impact of the Social Networking at HAAGA-HELIA, whilst taking into account that the results of the survey can be a reference point for other learning institutions.     In more details, this thesis was to answer the following questions:   − What are the major concerns regarding the use of social networking in HAAGA-HELIA?   − How should the University manage the use of Social Networking?   − How should HAAGA-HELIA use Social Networking to develop/improve the studying environment?     In today's academic changing environment, HAAGA-HELIA can use the already developed social networking practices to boost more cooperation, coordination and communication. The networking if properly managed will enhance more interaction and content collaboration between teachers and students and will help implement and motivate continuous learning. The university can also, use some Social Networking sites as backbone of some courses, in order for Students to acquire and exchange different knowledge and practices in the academic community around the world. This approach will empower HAAGA-HELIA Students, as well as Teachers with different learning perspectives, from different learning environments.     The theoretical concepts of this research thesis, comprises of general and basic information regarding Social Networking.
Marketing in the groundswell
Infotopia : how many minds produce knowledge
The Wiki way : quick collaboration on the Web
We steal secrets : the story of Wikileaks
Knowledge sharing strategies and implications : case study of Sapo Company
Wikibrands : reinventing your company in a customer-driven marketplace
The technology toolbelt for teaching
Social media in education : application scenarios in the context of technology-enhanced learning at universities
Wiki : web collaboration
Using social media in the classroom : a best practice guide
This book first offers a description of some of these earlier attempts. The author discusses five historical groups or communities of practice, all of which had similar ambitions to Wikipedia to make an impact on the society of their time through the dissemination of information. The second part is an analysis of Wikipedia itself, and the third part contains suggestions about how to approach it, how to contribute to it and what one might gain from it. Writing in an accessible style the author takes a socio-historical approach and argues that by looking at communities of practice in the past we can come to understand the radical, even political, nature of Wikipedia. The book will have a broad appeal to anyone interested in the development of this unique project, including information management professionals but also historians, sociologists, educators and students.
Wikinomics : how mass collaboration changes everything
Collaborative screen capture video based learning in information systems science
Wikiworld : political economy of digital literacy and the promise of participatory media
Making the most of the Web in your classroom : a teacher's guide to blogs, podcasts, wikis, pages, and sites
Throwing sheep in the boardroom : how online social networking will transform your life, work and world
101 ways to promote your tourism web site : filled with proven Internet marketing tips, tools, and techniques to get visitors to your site and your destination
Why it is important to adopt and facilitate the usage of enterprise social networks? : case: Finpro ry
The advent of open source democracy and wikipolitics : challenges, threats and opportunities for democratic discourse
Wikis : tools for information work and collaboration
Blogs, wikis, Facebook, and more : everything you want to know about using today's Internet but are afraid to ask
The Wikipedia revolution : how a bunch of nobodies created the world's greatest encyclopedia
Practices of multidisciplinary collaborative work : wiki document as a boundary object
"In explaining how to enhance political institutions with the power of networks, examines the Peer-to-Patent project. Discusses its design challenges faced in creating software to distill online collaboration into useful expertise. Explains how law, policy, and technology can be revamped to help government work in more open, participatory ways"--Provided by publisher.
The bureaucracy of social media : an empirical account in organizations
Wikipedia and the politics of openness
Web 2.0 for librarians and information professionals
5 - the dish
Collaboration 2.0 : technology and best practices for successful collaboration in a Web 2.0 world
Searching 2.0
WikiLeaks and the age of transparency
Using Drupal : choosing and configuring modules to build dynamic websites
The social factor : innovate, ignite, and win through mass collaboration and social networking
Using social media effectively in the classroom : blogs, wikis, Twitter, and more
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The travel marketer's guide to social media and social networks : sales and marketing in a web 2.0 world
Blogs, wikis, podcasts, and other powerful web tools for classrooms
Wiki : Web collaboration
HTML manual of style: a clear concise reference for hypertext markup language (including HTML5)
Getting StartED with Google Apps
WikiLeaks : inside Julian Assange's war on secrecy
