http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2235 matrimonial law
matrimonial law
Property and virginity : the christianization of marriage in medieval Iceland 1200-1600
Marriage and divorce in comparative conflict of laws : General part, Special part: engagement to marry, concept and form of marriage
Same-sex marriage : the cultural politics of love and law
The ties that bind : law, marriage and the reproduction of patriarchal relations
Law in Afghanistan : a study of the constitutions, matrimonial law and the judiciary
Marriage rites and rights
Marrying off sons and daughters: attitudes towards the consent of parents and guardians in early modern Sweden
Feminism, marriage, and the law in Victorian England
The marriage law of the People's Republic of China
The English marriage : tales of love, money and adultery
Bromley ́s family law
To have and to hold : marrying and its documentation in Western Christendom, 400--1600
Marriage in Europe, 1400-1800
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Chapter 17, Private international law : Personal effects of marriage
In search of equality : marriage related laws for muslim women in Bangladesh
Conjugal rites : marriage and marriage-like relationships before the law
Roman marriage : Iusti Coniuges from the time of Cicero to the time of Ulpian
Regulating marriage migration into the UK : a stranger in the home
Shiʻa marriage law
Marriage at the crossroads : law, policy, and the brave new world of twenty-first-century families
Christianity changed the culture and society of Iceland, as it also did in other parts of Northern Europe during the twelfth and thirteenth centuries. One of the important areas of change involved the introduction of new rules on the legal requirements for marriage. This book explores the very gradual Christianisation of marriage in Iceland.
The Marital economy in Scandinavia and Britain, 1400-1900
Money and marriage
Church courts, sex and marriage in England, 1570-1640
Marriage and cohabitation in contemporary societies : areas of legal, social and ethical change : an international and interdisciplinary study
Regulating womanhood : historical essays on marriage, motherhood and sexuality
The right to marry and to found a family : a world-wide human right
After marriage : rethinking marital relationships
Family law : (Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Parsis and Jews)
Everyday life in ancient Egypt : some papers from..
Marriage as the arena of salvation : an ecclesiological study of the marital regulation in the canons of the Council in Trullo
Between betrothal and bedding : marriage formation in Sweden 1200-1600
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 4, Chapter 3, Persons and family, Formation of marriage
An act or a process? Competing views on marriage formation and legitimacy in medieaval Europe
Law and family in late antiquity : the emperor Constantine's marriage legislation
Business law forum 2005
Regional variations in matrimonial law and custom in Europe, 1150-1600
Legal recognition of same-sex relationships in Europe : national, cross-border and European perspectives
Unintended pregnancy among currently pregnant maried women in Nepal
Marriage litigation in medieval England
Medieval Christianity in the North : new studies
Private lives : families, individuals, and the law
What's the harm? : does legalizing same-sex marriage really harm individuals, families, or society?
The marriage of Roman soldiers (13 B.C.-A.D. 235) : law and family in the imperial army
Rethinking anthropology
Marital agreements and private autonomy : in comparative perspective
"The UK's Civil Partnership Act 2004 and the Marriage (Same-Sex) Act 2014 are important legal, social and historical landmarks. For, beyond their practical implications, same-sex relationship recognition throughout the western world has become a key site of political contestation rich in symbolic, material and cultural meanings. While fiercely opposed by many, within mainstream narratives they are often represented as a victory in a legal reform process that commenced with the decriminalisation of homosexuality. For others, however, they represent a problematic and ambivalent political engagement with the institution of marriage. These reforms, then, provide an invaluable opportunity to engage with issues that arguably affect everyone, regardless of sexual orientation or relationship status. This collection brings together leading scholars and commentators from a wide range of professions and disciplinary backgrounds to critically reflect on the first ten years of the Civil Partnership Act and the introduction of same-sex marriage: some providing a close reading of their judicial interpretation, and their media representation; some locating them within the context of British political history and the history of sexuality; and some exploring their wider implications for struggles around homosexuality within the Commonwealth. Marking the 10th anniversary of the first civil partnership ceremonies, and coinciding with the first same-sex marriages, this critical reflection on the first decade of same-sex relationship recognition provides a much needed foundation for encouraging and suggesting new ways of engaging with this reality"--
Marriage law and practice in the long eighteenth century : a reassessment
Consent or consummation? : medieval canon and secular law on the making of marriage and marital intercourse
Power over the body, equality in the family : rights and domestic relations in medieval canon law
Family law. Volume 1, Society and family
Marriage and family law agreements
The scope of the rule locus regit actum in the conflict of laws
Interracial intimacy : the regulation of race & romance
Justifying same-sex marriage : a philosophical investigation
Canonical development through dialogue : marriage and divorce in the pre-conciliar period and in the All-Russian Church Council of 1917-1918
Sexuality, marriage, and celibacy in Byzantine law : selections from a fourteenth-century encyclopedia of canon law and theology : the Alphabetical Collection of Matthew Blastares
Family law : cases and materials
Changing contours of domestic life, family and law : caring and sharing
Family law
Family law : cases and materials. 2004 supplement
The Nordic model of marriage and the welfare state
Marriage : an orthodox perspective
From sacrament to contract : marriage, religion, and law in the Western tradition
Marriage and cohabitation
Munita coniugia : the emperor Constantine's legislation on marriage and the family
Marriage, separation and divorce
International legal instruments relevant to women
Road to divorce : England 1530-1987
Marriage today : a commentary on the code of canon law ; in the light of Vatican II and the ecumenical age
Law and social change in Zinacantan
Family fragments?
The status of women under Islamic law and under modern Islamic legislation
Framing American divorce : from the revolutionary generation to the Victorians
From civil partnerships to same-sex marriage : interdisciplinary reflections
Chinese family law and social change : in historical and comparative perspective
Law and practice in matrimonial causes
Law, sex and Christian society in medieval Europe
Between betrothal and bedding : the making of marriage in Sweden, ca. 1200-1610
Principles of Hindu law
Common core and better law in European family law
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 4, Persons and family : chapter 1, introduction
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Chapter 16, Private international law : Marriage and divorce
The family, law and society : cases and materials
Such condescending impressions about the peoples living at the 'end of the world' have been adapted by Scandinavian historians who, until recently, have stressed the isolation and the otherness of the North, and ignored the many similarities to the culturally more developed Europe. This collection of articles by Nordic scholars is truly interdisciplinary, covering philology, history, archaeology, theology, and other approaches. It is divided into two parts, the first of which addresses conversion from a broad perspective, while the second is devoted to the consolidation of Christianity and ecclesiastical structures. The book investigates from a fresh viewpoint important aspects of Nordic Christianity in the Middle Ages and discusses to what extent ideas and institutions were adapted to local circumstances. It includes a variety of topics, such as the remnants of paganism, medieval saints cults, law, and church, to religious warfare, and the use of beer in cult and memory.
Islamic family law
The philosophy of right. Vol. 5, Rights in the family
Divorce in later Roman law
Principles of family law
The Roman law of marriage
