http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22319 avian influenza
avian influenza bird flu
Preparing for highly pathogenic avian influenza
Practical views to eradication procedures for Avian Influenza
Chew. Vol. 2 : International flavor
In this English translation, Czarniawska (management studies, U. of Gothenburg, Sweden) introduces the concept of 'action nets.' Action nets align with the constructivist approach in current social science research and new institutional theory as the consequence of an evolution of thinking in the field from organizations to organizing and from structures to processes. Rather than starting with actors as would a traditional institutional analysis, action nets research views management as the construction/reconstruction of "well-practiced improvised" collective actions, not necessarily within a formal organization, in the face of risk and threat. Responses to health threats, adventure tourism, and disasters big and small are case studies of how action nets operate.
The biology of emerging viruses : SARS, avian and human influenza, metapneumovirus, Nipah, West Nile, and Ross River virus
"This volume brings together the concepts that underpin a One Health approach and a range of examples of this approach in action around a variety of emerging infectious diseases. The first section starts with a human clinical perception, brings in the veterinary and human-animal interface perspective and then links this with environment issues, with a special chapter dealing with wildlife. It concludes by looking at the economics of a One Health approach, both in terms of the costs of delivering a One Health approach as well as the value added. The second section looks at a number of key emerging infectious diseases and in each case details how a One Health approach has added value, particularly in terms of disease control and cost outcomes. The examples cover virus, bacterial, protozoal and parasitic infections and provide case studies at the national, regional and global level. The studies themselves vary in depth and detail but provide an engaging set of examples of the value of a One Health approach. In all cases, the authors have local and personal experience of the disease in question, providing real life examples of what can be achieved. The final chapter entitled 'Men, primates and germs: an ongoing affair' provides a fascinating insight into pathogen host switching between closely related species which serves to illustrate a core value of a One Health approach." -- (Back Cover)
This paper describes in detail the current situation and state of knowledge about biosecurity in relation to H5N1 HPAI, discusses species- and sector-specific issues, proposes possible options for biosecurity in important parts of the domestic poultry and captive bird sector, stresses the importance of situating biosecurity in appropriate economic and culture settings, and makes the case for the role of communication.--Publisher's description.
Bird flu : everything you need to know about the next pandemic
Wild birds and avian influenza : an introduction to applied field research and disease sampling techniques
Vaccination : a tool for the control of avian influenza : Verona, Italy, 20-22 March, 2007 : proceedings of a joint OIE/FAO/IZSVe conference co-organised with the European Commission
Making preparation count : lessons from the avian influenza outbreak in Turkey
OIE/FAO International Scientific Conference on Avian Influenza : Paris, France, 7-8 April, 2005
Impact of emerging zoonotic diseases on animal health
Chew. [Vol. 10], Blood puddin'
Practical views to disinfection and carcass disposal for Avian Influenza
Chew : the omnivore edition. Vol. 4
Chew. [Vol. 11], The last suppers
Chew. Vol. 6 : Space cakes
Approaches to controlling, preventing and eliminating H5N1 Highly Pathogenic Avian influenza in endemic countries
Chew. Vol. 5 : Major league chew
Chew : the omnivore edition. Vol. 3
Chew. Vol. 1 : Taster's choice
Control measurements for Avian Influenza
Chew. Vol. 7 : Bad apples
The monster at our door : the global threat of avian flu
Health and animal agriculture in developing countries
Organizing in the face of risk and threat
One health: the human-animal-environment Interfaces in emerging infectious diseases : the concept and examples of a one health approach
The global strategy for prevention and control of H5N1 highly pathogenic avian influenza : March 2007
Avian influenza and Newcastle disease viruses in Finland : genetics, epidemiology and ecology in the natural host, wild waterfowl
Influenza A virus-host interactions and their control by viral non-structural protein NS1
Chew. [Vol. 8] : family recipes
Chew. Vol. 4 : Flambé
Biosecurity for highly pathogenic avian influenza : issues and options
Going to school with narcolepsy : perceptions of families and teachers of children with narcolepsy
Chew. [Vol. 12], Sour grapes
Lessons from HPAI : a technical stocktaking of outputs, outcomes, best practices and lessons learned from the fight against highly pathogenic avian influenza in Asia 2005-2011
