http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22379 psychoculture
psychoculture
Identities in Transition is a book of the growth and development of a multicultural therapist/analyst. Hailing from all around the world (Argentina, England, Egypt, India, Israel, Iran, Lebanon, New Zealand, Mexico, Nigeria, Puerto Rico, Poland) these therapists share their personal stories of a clinical mind at work. The factors that inform them are varied and diverse, shaped by their histories of immigration and professional training. Insightful and thought provoking, their explorations capture the struggles, the dilemmas and the skillful integration of various parts of themselves, that find.
Melancholy, genius, and utopia in the Renaissance
Culturally responsive interventions : innovative approaches to working with diverse populations
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
The religious and romantic origins of psychoanalysis : individuation and integration in post-Freudian theory
States of fantasy
Did somebody say totalitarianism? : five interventions in the (mis)use of a notion
Psychology and culture : thinking, feeling and behaving in global contexts
Psychoanalytic theory : an introduction
Reading Freud : psychoanalysis as cultural theory
The cultural dialectics of knowledge and desire
The psychoanalysis of culture
Systems of psychotherapy : a transtheoretical analysis
Race, culture, and counselling
Psychotherapy and culture conflict
Eros and civilisation : a philosophical inquiry into Freud
Deleuze and the genesis of representation
Disembodying women : perspectives on pregnancy and the unborn
The multicultural imagination : "race", color, and the unconscious
Narrative and psychotherapy
Psychoanalysis and culture : contemporary states of mind
Lacan, politics, aesthetics
Eros and civilization : a philosophical inquiry into Freud
Psychoanalysis in contexts : paths between theory and modern culture
Written in a readable, accessible style, with plenty of up–to–date examples Psychoanalysis and Culture provides a brilliant introduction to key issues in the area of application of psychoanalytic theories to culture. The author argues that we cannot grasp the complexity of contemporary global issues without understanding some of the unconscious processes which underlie them. After introducing some major modern and postmodern psychoanalytic approaches, Minsky offers a broad–ranging critique of Lacan's theory of culture and the unconscious. She explores a range of crucial and topical questions: how should we explain women's historical subordination and what is now often seen as a crisis in male identity? What constitutes 'masculinity' apart from power and control? How important is the father, actually and symbolically in children's development in the context of lone–parent families? Why is contemporary culture often still so violent and destructive? Why is consumer culture so attractive to so many and why is it so difficult to put limits on economic growth in the interests of preventing environmental disaster? This book will be of great interest to students and scholars in sociology, women's studies, cultural studies, psychology and history as well as psychoanalytic studies. It will also appeal to the general reader interested in the psychology of cultural change.
Freud : a guide for the perplexed
Les pouvoirs des désirs indicibles = The powers of the unsayable desires
Cultural pluralism and psychoanalysis : the Asian and North American experience
On anxiety
The unconscious
Culture and the unconscious
The desire to desire : the woman's film of the 1940s
The Kristeva critical reader
The social history of the unconscious
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Therapy across culture
Psychoanalytic culture : psychoanalytic discourse in Western society
"Rarely has a single figure had as much influence on Western thought as Sigmund Freud. His ideas permeate our culture to such a degree that an understanding of them is indispensable. Yet many otherwise well-informed students in the humanities labor under misconceptions or lack of knowledge about Freudian theory. There are countless introductions to Freudian psychoanalysis but, surprisingly, none that combine a genuinely accessible account of Freud's ideas with an introduction to their use in literary and cultural studies, as this book does. It is written specifically for use by advanced undergraduate and graduate students in courses dealing with literary and cultural criticism, yet will also be of interest to the general reader."--BOOK JACKET.
Psychoanalysis and cultural theory: Thresholds
The Cultural psychology of self : place, morality and art in human worlds
Cultural criticism : a primer of key concepts
Shame and sexuality : psychoanalysis and visual culture
The dogma of Christ : and other essays on religion, psychology and culture
Freud and the institution of psychoanalytic knowledge
Freud's theory and its use in literary and cultural studies : an introduction
Therapy, ideology, and social change : mental healing in urban Ghana
Psychosocial support after traumatic experience : helpers' perspectives from different cultures
Psychoanalysis and anthropology : culture, personality and the unconscious
Ethnopsychoanalysis : psychoanalysis and anthropology as complementary frames of reference
The threshold of the visible world
Doing psychoanalysis in Tehran
Jerome Bruner : language, culture, self
Women analyze women : in France, England, and the United States
The ancient mind : elements of cognitive archaeology
Orality and literacy : the technologizing of the word
Completely updated,Counseling the Culturally Diverse: Theory and Practice, Sixth Edition is the most widely used and critically acclaimed text on multicultural counseling, offering students and professionals essential and thought-provoking material on the theory, research, and practice of multicultural counseling. The new edition presents the newest research in the field of multicultural counseling, as well as an expanded section on microaggressions. With its unique conceptual framework for multicultural therapy, this book remains the best source of real-world counseling preparation for students and the most enlightened, influential guide for professionals.
Anthony Elliott presents a comprehensive introduction to psychoanalytic theory and its applications in the social sciences and humanities in this new and fully revised second edition of Psychoanalytic Theory. Elliott provides lucid interpretations of key psychoanalytic theorists such as Freud, Klein, Winnicott, Lacan, Deleuze, Kristeva, and Zizek. This revised edition has much new material, including a survey of psychoanalytic approaches to race and postcolonialism from Fanon to Homi Bhabha, as well as a look at the reframing of sexuality studies by such feminist theorists as Judith Butler, Helene Cixous, and Luce Irigaray.
Psychotherapy and the human predicament : a psychosocial approach
Semantics, culture, and cognition : universal human concepts in culture-specific configurations
Culture and cognition : rules, maps, and plans
Cultural cognition and psychopathology
The pear stories : cognitive, cultural, and linguistic aspects of narrative production
Counseling across cultures
Two gifted and highly prolific intellectuals, Leo Bersani and Adam Phillips, here present a fascinating dialogue about the problems and possibilities of human intimacy. Their conversation takes as its point of departure psychoanalysis and its central importance to the modern imagination - though equally important is their shared sense that by misleading us about the importance of self-knowledge and the danger of narcissism, psychoanalysis has failed to realize its most exciting and innovative relational potential. In pursuit of new forms of intimacy they take up a range of concerns across a variety of contexts. To test the hypothesis that the essence of the analytic exchange is intimate talk without sex, they compare Patrice Leconte's film about an accountant mistaken for a psychoanalyst, Intimate Strangers, with Henry James's classic novella The Beast in the Jungle. A discussion of the radical practice of barebacking - unprotected anal sex between gay men - delineates an intimacy that rejects the personal. Even serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer and the Bush administration's war on terror enter the scene as the conversation turns to the way aggression thrills and gratifies the ego. Finally, in a reading of Socrates' theory of love from Plato's Phaedrus, Bersani and Phillips call for a new form of intimacy which they term "impersonal narcissism": a divestiture of the ego and a recognition of one's non-psychological potential self in others. This revolutionary way of relating to the world, they contend, could lead to a new human freedom by mitigating the horrifying violence we blithely accept as part of human nature.
Interrogating the real : selected writings
Speculations after Freud : psychoanalysis, philosophy and culture
This is a book about the exhilaration and the catastrophe of embodiment. Analyzing different instances of injured bodies, Peggy Phelan considers what sustained attention to the affective force of trauma might yield for critical theory. Advocating what she calls "performative writing", she creates an extraordinary fusion of critical and creative thinking which erodes the distinction between art and theory, fact and fiction. The bodies she examines here include Christ's, as represented in Caravaggio's painting The Incredulity of St Thomas, Anita Hill's and Clarence Thomas's bodies as they were performed during the Senate hearings, the disinterred body of the Rose Theatre, exemplary bodies reconstructed through psychoanalytic talking cures, and the filmic bodies created by Tom Joslin, Mark Massi, and Peter Friedman in Silverlake Life: The View From Here. This new work by the highly-acclaimed author of Unmarked makes a stunning advance in performance theory in dialogue with psychoanalysis, queer theory, and cultural studies.
The soul of popular culture : looking at contemporary heroes, myths, and monsters
Cram101 textbook outlines to accompany Systems of psychotherapy : a tanstheoretical analysis [sic]
Integral psychology : yoga, growth, and opening the heart
Counseling the culturally diverse : theory and practice
Melanie Klein and critical social theory : an account of politics, art, and reason based on her psychoanalytic theory
Beyond the psychoanalytic dyad : developmental semiotics in Freud, Peirce, and Lacan
The decay of the American people : (and of the United States)
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
We need to talk about Kevin
Psychological anthropology : a reader on self in culture
Mourning sex : performing public memories
This volume is the fruit of a series of talks delivered at the Institute of Contemporary Arts in London between January and March 1987. It was an opportunity to present work from the intersections between psychoanalysis and cultural theory.
Identities in transition : the growth and development of a multicultural therapist
The dogma of Christ and other essays on religion, psychology and culture
Walter J. Ong's classic work provides a fascinating insight into the social effects of oral, written, printed and electronic technologies, and their impact on philosophical, theological, scientific and literary thought. This thirtieth anniversary edition - coinciding with Ong's centenary year - reproduces his best-known and most influential book in full and brings it up to date with two new exploratory essays by cultural writer and critic John Hartley. Hartley provides: A scene-setting chapter that situates Ong's work within the historical and disciplinary context of post-war Americanism and the rise of communication and media studies; A closing chapter that follows up Ong's work on orality and literacy in relation to evolving media forms, with a discussion of recent criticisms of Ong's approach, and an assessment of his concept of the 'evolution of consciousness'; Extensive references to recent scholarship on orality, literacy and the study of knowledge technologies, tracing changes in how we know what we know. These illuminating essays contextualize Ong within recent intellectual history, and display his work's continuing force in the ongoing study of the relationship between literature and the media, as well as that of psychology, education and sociological thought.
The plague of fantasies
Freud's theory of culture : eros, loss, and politics
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
Psychoanalysis : its image and its public
Sex and repression in savage society
Is Oedipus online? : siting Freud after Freud
Totem and taboo : resemblances between the psychic lives of savages and neurotics
Clinical and social realities
Subject to ourselves : social theory, psychoanalysis and postmodernity
Chaosmosis : an ethico-aesthetic paradigm
Anti-Oedipus : capitalism and schizophrenia
Cultural psychology : essays on comparative human development
Language, communication, and culture : current directions
Figures of the thinkable
Narcissism, the self and society
