http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2237 contraception
contraception
Male involvement in family planning and reproductive health in rural Central India
Adolescent reproductive health in Finland : oral contraception, pregnancies and abortions from the 1980s to the 1990s
Contraception in Finland in a public health perspective
This document reviews the medical eligibility criteria for use of contraception, offering guidance on the safety of use of different methods for women and men with specific characteristics or known medical conditions. The recommendations are based on systematic reviews of available clinical and epidemiological research. It is a companion guideline to 'Selected Practice Recommendations for Contraceptive Use'. Together, these documents are intended to be used by policy-makers, programme managers, and the scientific community, to support national programmes in the preparation of service delivery guidelines.
Selected practice recommendations for contraceptive use : 2008 update
Women's reproductive health : the silent emergency
Adolescent nutritional disorders : prevention and treatment
Asymmetric dimethylarginine : assay methodology and serum levels in non-pregnant and pregnant women
"Established for more than thirty years as one of the world's most widely read gynecology texts, Clinical Gynecologic Endocrinology and Infertility is now in its Eighth Edition. In a clear, user-friendly style enhanced by abundant illustrations, algorithms, and tables, the book provides a complete explanation of the female endocrine system and its disorders and offers practical guidance on evaluation and treatment of female endocrine problems and infertility. Major sections cover reproductive physiology, clinical endocrinology, contraception and infertility. This edition has a modern full-color design." -- (Wolters Kluwer)
Is there a solution to the Catholic debate on contraception?
Norplant in the context of population and drug policies
Abstract: Perspectives into the sexual health of young people.
Maternal-neonatal nursing made incredibly easy!
Low-grade inflammation in depression, anxiety and sleep disturbances
Exploring the dimensions of human sexuality
University students who sought hormonal emergency contraception (EC) in the Tampere Student Health Station during the period 1.9.2000-31.12.2001 received a questionnaire on their use of it. Of the total, 114 responded (67%). The aim of this study was to ascertain why the respondents did not want to get pregnant now and when it would be suitable for them to get children. Free answers to these questions were analysed using a collective consensus method. The main reasons for not wanting pregnancy now were un? nished studies and the non-steady character of the relationship. Almost all planned to become pregnant some day in the future when their life situation was appropriate, usually at the age of about 30 years.  .
Family planning among university students in Finland
Family planning : with focus on contraception as seen by health centre physicians and population
Risk, identities and the everyday
Intrauterine levonorgestrel for contraception : a clinical, biochemical and histological study
1. integrated sexual health services; 2. risk assessment; 3. contraception; 4. pregnancy planning; 5. abortion; 6. sexually transmitted infections; 7. HIV; 8. sexual dysfunction; 9. screening well people; 10. cervical cancer prevention in the era of HPV vaccines; 11. sexual health - learning from consumers.
Market town project, Madhya Pradesh, India : social marketing of contraceptives and information campaign on sexual and reproductive health and rights : annual follow-up review 2003-2004
Current management of male infertility
Abstract in Finnish.
Obstetrics & gynaecology
Research on reproductive health at WHO : biennial report 2000-2001
Procedures in the office setting
The ability of adolescent girls to exert control over sexually-charged situations : a narrative study for the promotion of sexual health
Perceptions of pregnancy from the seventeenth to the twentieth century
Sex and destiny : the politics of human fertility
Prevention of malaria in pregnancy in Malawi : encounters and non-encounters between global policies, national programmes and local realities
User satisfaction, efficacy and safety of the levonorgestrel intrauterine contraceptive system : a nation-wide surveillance study of a cohort of 17 360 Finnish women
Market town project : annual follow-up review 2001
Selected practice recommendations for contraceptive use
A new world for women : Stella Browne: socialist feminist
Outcomes of cervical human papillomavirus (HPV) infections among mothers in the Finnish family HPV study
Condom nation : the U.S. government's sex education campaign from World War I to the Internet
The midwife's tale : an oral history from handywoman to professional midwife
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Contraception : (birth control) its theory, history and practice : a manual for the medical and legal professions
Handbook of contraception and sexual health
Women's health and disease : gynecologic, endocrine, and reproductive issues
Reproductive medicine in St Petersburg : a study of reproductive health services and gynaecologists' professional power and knowledge
The social and cultural determinants of the use of contraception among married Somali women living in Finland
The handbook of sexual health in primary care
Changes in sexual behavior and hormonal contraceptives use among Finnish adolescents
The childbearing decision : fertility attitudes and behavior
Abstract.
Margaret Sanger (1883–1966) was a leading figure in the American birth control movement. Trained as a nurse, she moved to New York City to work among the poor. Having witnessed firsthand the travails of mothers in the city's poorest neighborhoods, she felt the need to provide them with information on reproduction and contraception. She abandoned her nursing career and devoted the rest of her life to disseminating information on women's reproduction and contraception, publishing books and articles and founding birth control clinics. In Motherhood in Bondage, first published in 1928, Sanger reproduced letters written to her from women and sometimes men from all over the country, in both urban and rural areas, who were seeking advice on reproductive matters and marital relations, but mostly imploring her to help them find ways to avoid more pregnancies. The letters are grouped by theme into sixteen chapters, and Sanger wrote an introduction to each chapter. In her new foreword for this edition, Margaret Marsh describes the controversies surrounding these letters and places them in their historical context.
Contraceptive action of a synthetic progestin, ST-1435
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 46
Sex, puberty and all that stuff : a guide to qrowing up
Prevention : what works with children and adolescents? : a critical review of psychological prevention programmes for children, adolescents and their families
University Students Seeking Hormonal Emergency Contraception: Why Do They Not Want Pregnancy Now? When is it Suitable to Have Children?
Sexual health education for 8th graders
Shepherding desire : sexual health promotion in Finland from the 1940s to the 1990s
Contraception : a history
Intrauterine contraception : use in nulligravid women and safety aspects
The hygiene hypothesis : reinforcing health counselling against allergy in early infancy
Motherhood in bondage
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
Abortions and sexually transmitted infections among women in St. Petersburg in the early 2000s : comparison by population based surveys in Estonia and Finland
Medical eligibility criteria for contraceptive use
Clinical gynecologic endocrinology and infertility
