http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22330 energy ecology
energy ecology
Ecology : principles and applications
Linking the natural environment and the economy : essays from the eco-eco group
"We have spent the last two centuries building a civilization on coal and the last century building it bigger still on oil. Fossil fuels have been the wellspring of our complex, glorious modern world, but they are about to run out. By the end of the 21st century, our oil and natural gas supplies will be virtually nonexistent, and limited coal supplies will be restricted to only a handful of countries. Environmental scientist Steve Hallett and veteran journalist John Wright make abundantly clear that we are at the crest of a remarkable two-hundred-year glitch in the history of civilization and are about to embark on the decline. Experts may argue about whether peak oil production has already arrived or will come in a decade or two, but in any case, as Hallett and Wright show, we must plan for a future without reliance on oil. But successful planning depends on a realistic assessment of the facts about our current situation. To that end, they describe how the petroleum interval of the last century, on which our civilization is based, fits in to the larger history of civilization. They describe the fate of civilizations and empires of the past that have come and gone based on their vital connection with the environment. Turning to an even longer timeframe, the authors make a compelling case that the key determinant of our global economy is not so much the invisible hand of the marketplace but the inexorable laws of ecology. When it comes to the long term, nature will impose limits beyond which our economy cannot go. Despite increased emphasis on renewable and environmentally friendly energy sources, our current obsession with growth is ultimately unsustainable. The authors foresee the coming decades as a time of much disruption and change of lifestyle, but in the end we may learn a wiser, more sustainable stewardship of our natural resources. This timely, sobering, yet constructive discussion of energy and ecology offers a realistic vision of the near future and many important lessons about the limits of our resources".
Future prospects of sustainable development : towards the year 2030 in Finland
Living in the environment : concepts, connections, and solutions
Referat.
Environmental Science : earth as a living planet
Research and development for sustainable management of semiarid miombo woodlands in East Africa
Changing the face of the earth : culture, environment, history
Ecosystems
Life without oil : why we must shift to a new energy future
Changing landscapes : an egological perspective
Cities for smart environmental and energy futures : impacts on architecture and technology
Odonata species richness in river habitats - area, habitat, heterogeneity and energy
Summary: The suitability of the mountain birch for herbivores was studied at the fell Jesnalvaara, Northern Finland. The 1) seasonal, 2) local short-distance and 3) annual variation in the quality of birch leaves was studied by means of bioassays and chemical determinations...
Thermodynamics and ecological modelling
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
The planet in 2050 : the Lund disourse of the future
Silvicultural decisions based on simulation-optimization systems
Extreme measures : the ecological energetics of birds and mammals
Boreal forest and climate change : from process and transport to trees, ecosystems and atmosphere
Converging CO[sub 2] emissions to equal per capita levels : mission possible?
Experienced and expected support needs in local sustainable energy action planning (SEAP)
Ecological economics : energy, environment and society
Small islands, big issues : crucial issues in the sustainable development of small developing islands
Industrial biorenewables : a practical viewpoint
Science in seconds
Boreal forest and climate change
Bioreducer use in blast furnace ironmaking in Finland:techno-economic assessment and CO2 emission reduction potential
This book provides a state-of-the-art perspective on industrial biorenewables. A selection of industries dealing with biomass as raw materials present their activities and industrial processes. Emphasis on each chapter includes, and is not limited to: discussion of the motivation of that specific industry to use biorenewables; a short history of their expertise and developments in the field; selected current R&D activities using biomass, the aim of the research, type of biomass used, catalysts, achieved products, economics, etc.; detailed discussions of the type of biomass, indicating 1st or 2nd generation, and options to substitute 1st generation raw materials for more sustainable 2nd generation ones; current processes that have been or are about to be implemented at industrial and commercial scales; expectations such as where potential improvements could be made and where academic research groups could help provide pre-competitive and industrially-sound insights and research; and finally, conclusions, prospects, and recommendations for future directions of research.
Applied ecology
A prosperous way down : principles and policies
Caring for the earth : a strategy for sustainable living
Birch consumption by reindeer (Rangifer tarandus) in Finnish Lapland
Abstract: A method for estimating the consumption of birch leaves by browsing herbivores is presented. In 170 study plots in northern Lapland, the mean consumption was 1150 g dry leaves per hectare up to the middle of the summer. The consumption per plot was dependent on the forest type, amount of root shoots and altitude. The grazing on birch continued in late summer. The annual birch consumption by an individual reindeer is of the order of 25 kg dry matter. As a consumer of the birch, the reindeer is less important than invertebrates.
Tomorrow's energy : hydrogen, fuel cells and the prospects for a cleaner planet
Life in the cold : an introduction to winter ecology
Whole earth discipline : an ecopragmatist manifesto
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
150 best eco house ideas
Resilient cities : responding to peak oil and climate change
Environmental ecology : the impacts of pollution and other stresses on ecosystem structure and function
Ecology starts at home!
Towards a thermodynamic theory for ecological systems
Systems analysis for sustainable engineering : theory and applications
The influence of abiotic factors on nitrogen fixation rates in the Barrow, Alaska, arctic tundra
21st century sustainable homes
Highly energy efficient housing development in Northen Europe : case studies of very low energy houses in Finland
Heavily modified waters in Europe : a case study of Lake Kemijärvi, Finland
Peak everything : waking up to the century of declines
Birch leaves as a resource for herbivores. 1 : variation in the suitability of leaves
Systems evolution of waste and by-product management and bioenergy production
Vegetation and flora of short-rotation willow stands from a conservation viewpoint
The ecology of agricultural systems
Atmosphere of hope : searching for solutions to the climate crisis
Energy and Environment in Slavic Eurasia : toward the establishment of the network of environmental studies in the Pan-Okhotsk region
Cities, people, planet : liveable cities for a sustainable world
From energetics to ecosystems : the dynamics and structure of ecological systems
An introduction to human-environment geography : local dynamics and global processes
"Governments across the world are concerned about the future of world order. This original, timely and innovative collection is the first to consider the interconnections between energy, capitalism and the future of world order from the angle of critical political economy. In its wide-ranging chapters, the authors analyze these interlocking topics from three closely assoicated perspectives: energy, capitalism and international theory; energy capitalism and the making of world order; and energy and capitalism in the 21st century. The first section includes important examinations of energy and capitalism, the international trade system and the threat of peak oil to liberalism. The second offers pioneering chapters on petroleum and development in the global south, US-Canadian energy relations and the politics of transitioning to a post-carbon era in the age of climate change. Finally, the book concludes by exploring key new and worrying developments such as the revolution in biofuels, the excavation of Canadian tar sands and the rise of hydraulic fracturing"--Back cover.
Environmental physiology of plants
Integration of ecosystem theories : a pattern
State of the world 1992 : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
The environmental management handbook
Environment and society : human perspectives on environmental issues
Cosmology, ecology, and the energy of God
Natural processes and human impacts : interactions between humanity and the environment
Fluxes of carbon, water, and energy of European forests
Terrestrial biosphere-atmosphere fluxes
Report from the 5th Nordic course on sustainable agriculture : theme: energy : Finland, September 1991
Energy, capitalism and world order : towards a new agenda in international political economy
Global change in multispecies systems. Part 3
Eco-efficiency analysis of power plants : an extension of data envelopment analysis
NGP yearbook 2012 : negotiating resources, engaging people : human-environment relations in the North
Summary: Seasonal studies of nitrogen fixation at two sites in the Barrow, Alaska, tundra showed marked variation in regime and rates depending on vegetation and terrain. On a unit biomass basis, Nostoc commune had the highest acetylene reduction rates...
Designing sustainable industrial ecosystems : the case of a biogas-for-traffic solution
Earth matters
Wood fuel in Kano
Applied ecology and environmental management
Ecosystems : a functional approach
Plant physiological ecology
Approaching ecological modernisation in the energy sector
Flux control in biological systems
Biomass production by fast-growing trees
Eco-economy : building an economy for the earth
On the nutritional biology of the rough-legged buzzard, Buteo lagopus lagopus Brünn., in Finnish Lapland
Green design : from theory to practice
Becoming biofuels : the messy assembling of resources, sustainability, poverty, land use, and nation-state
Industrial ecosystem case studies : the potential of material and energy flow roundput in regional waste management
The migration ecology of birds
