http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22334 identity (societal properties)
identity (societal properties)
A Guide For Requirement Specification Of Identity And Access Management In Health Care
In real life : love, lies & identity in the digital age
I am Pilgrim : a thriller
The object of this Master’s thesis was to describe the basic functionalities provided by identity and access management system (IAM) and their suitability for a health care environment. Specifying and defining the IAM project began in the Northern Ostrobothnia Hospital District in 2007. The preliminary work for enabling identity and access management automation has been done ever since. Most of the requirement specification work was done during the autumn 2013 for the IAM SSO project in the Northern Ostrobothnia Hospital District. The work consisted of studying various aspects of identity and access management and also analyzing the current state and describing the target state. The studying process consisted of understanding and describing authoritative requirements of IAM in health care, discovering the special features of IAM in Finnish health care and defining the basic IAM use cases in health care. The result of the study was that identity and access management processes should be guided with strict working period or service period information. They are the master data for both internal and external users. They can be used to define user rights, access rights and their active and inactive periods. The quality of the master data affects the whole IAM process. Attaching smart cards to AD enables network and domain login but also managing complicated multi-role identities. IAM is a never-ending process. After critical and key systems have been integrated to an IAM system, there will always be yet another integration to be built. New information systems will be deployed and they need to be integrated to the IAM system. The legislation changes all the time, and the organization structures will also change from time to time. All these affect IAM processes and the functionalities of the IAM system. A properly maintained IAM system will help dealing with the changes.
The Racketeer
The spy : a novel
Fly in the ointment
Identity shift : where identity meets technology in the networked-community age
The winner
To rise again at a decent hour : a novel
When passion rules
The blind side of the heart
Arthur Newman
Online a lot of the time : ritual, fetish, sign
I married the duke
Who's spying on you? : the looming threat to your privacy, identity, and family in the digital age
The greatest show of all
The Count of Monte Cristo
"In 1814, the Congress of Vienna has just begun. Diplomats battle over a new map of Europe, actors vie for a chance at glory, and aristocrats and royals from across the continent come together to celebrate the downfall of Napoleon"--
Cut and run
Kiss me first
Christina's face
Fifty mice
Lover avenged : a novel of the black dagger brotherhood
"A novel of Mata Hari's final days, as written by the woman herself while accused of espionage" --
A guide for requirement specification of identity and access management in health care
Reach me
Only daughter
Longbourn : a novel
Chasing the dead
How to build a girl
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne imperative : a new Jason Bourne novel
How to protect yourself from identity theft
The big picture
Ghost flower
The double life of mistress Kit Kavanagh
The eye of the beholder
Decked with holly
Poor pretty Eddie
When the doves disappeared : a novel
River of ink. [1], Genesis
The Cobbler
The persona protocol
A suspected IRA commander in Northern Ireland, agrees with his wife to foster a child. Unbeknown to them, that boy is twelve-year-old British secret agent, Jason Steed. The weapons and arms trail lead Jason to Istanbul, Turkey where he unearths the largest illegal weapon smuggling operations in the world. However, those involved in the lucrative business are determined to defend it at any cost. After he defeated their plans for global chaos, and Jason's true identity is discovered, he plunges once more into the face of death, and he finds himself face-to-face with someone he once trusted. Protection is on its way by royal intervention, but is it too late / WorldCat.
Shutter island
Night watch
Night whispers
Event Pass Generator
Barely lethal
River of ink. [2], Zenith
Naming Jack the Ripper : new crime scene evidence, a stunning forensic breakthrough, the killer revealed
Lost memory of skin
"A richly-researched fantasy set at the historical Congress of Vienna blends political machinations, forbidden alchemy, and romance between a widowed noblewoman and a charming con man"--
Duchess by night
Dark corners
The official identity theft prevention handbook
After abduction
If she only knew
Those girls
The majestic
Redemption
Longbourn
The liar
The redbreast
Bryant & May off the rails
Seconds away
The gun seller
Think twice
The name of the wind
A passion for him
The family
Unknown
Congress of secrets
Authority matters : rethinking the theory and practice of authorship
The underground girls of Kabul : the hidden lives of Afghan girls disguised as boys
Nancy Drew : identity theft
Mountains of the moon
Cold earth
Identity theft handbook : detection, prevention, and security
The protection of the personality & the Internet
The lie
Loving a lost lord
The spy
About a girl
The two deaths of Daniel Hayes
A little trip to heaven
Loving Rose : the redemption of Malcolm Sinclair
