http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22310 alternatives
alternatives
Life is strange : Xbox One
Change everything : creating an economy for the common good
Born wicked
Religion and its relevance in post-modernism : essays in honor of Jack C. Verheyden
Sorcerer to the crown
New crops for food and industry
It is the present-day, and the world is as we know it: smartphones, social networking and Happy Meals. Save for one thing: the Civil War never occurred. A gifted young Black man calling himself Victor has struck a bargain with federal law enforcement, working as a bounty hunter for the US Marshall Service. He's got plenty of work. In this version of America, slavery continues in four states called the Hard Four. On the trail of a runaway known as Jackdaw, Victor arrives in Indianapolis knowing that something isn't right with the case file, with his work, and with the country itself. A mystery to himself, Victor suppresses his memories of his childhood on a plantation, and works to infiltrate the local cell of an abolitionist movement called the Underground Airlines. Tracking Jackdaw through the back rooms of churches, empty parking garages, hotels, and medical offices, Victor believes he is hot on the trail. But his strange, increasingly uncanny pursuit is complicated by a boss who will not reveal the extraordinary stakes of Jackdaw's case, as well as by a heartbreaking young woman and her child who may be Victor's salvation. Victor himself may be the biggest obstacle of all though his true self remains buried, it threatens to surface. Victor believes himself to be a good man doing bad work, unwilling to give up the freedom he has worked so hard to earn. But in pursuing Jackdaw, Victor discovers secrets at the core of the country's arrangement with the Hard Four, secrets the government will preserve at any cost.
Rosemary Gladstar's medicinal herbs : a beginner's guide
Herbs for long-lasting health : how to make and use herbal remedies for lifelong vitality
Clockwork angel
Alternative crops for sustainable agriculture : research progress: COST 814 : workshop held at BioCity, Turku, Finland, 13 to 15 June 1999
Sokea vuosisata - synkkä tulevaisuus = A century of blindness - a grim future : Avoin puheenvuoro vapaan markkinatalouden umpikujasta - ihmislajin tuhoon? = A contribution to the discussion on the failure of the free market economy: will it mean the destruction of the human race?
Advances in new crops : procedings of the 1st National symposium New crops: Research, development, economics, Indianapolis, Indiana, October 23-26, 1988
Tragedy has struck His Majesty's Aerial Corps, as an epidemic of unknown origin and no known cure is decimating the dragons' ranks. Only Temeraire and a pack of newly recruited dragons remain uninfected and must stand as the only means of airborne defense against France's ever bolder sorties. As Bonaparte's dragons harrow Britain's ships, Temeraire and his captain, Will Laurence, take wing to Africa in search of a cure for the deadly contagion
Alternative food geographies : representation and practice
Are habitat loss, predation risk and climate related to the drastic decline in a Siberian flying squirrel population? A 15 year study
The no-sugar! desserts & baking cookbook : over 65 delectable yet healthy sugar-free treats
Advancing science and elimination of the use of laboratory animals for development and control of vaccines and hormones : Jaarbeurs Congress Centre, Utrecht, The Netherlands, November 12-14, 2001
The politics and pleasures of consuming differently : better than shopping
The bullet-catcher's daughter
Black powder war
Societies beyond oil : oil dregs and social futures
Environmentally friendly alternatives for lead azide, lead styphate and tetrazene
Manual for training of extension workers and farmers : alternatives to methyl bromide for soil fumigation
In this groundbreaking book, John Urry shows how the twentieth century created a mirage of unlimited future growth that masked its limits. He considers the nature of an oil-dependent world facing energy descent and what lessons can ce learned from past energy-constrained societies. With no large-scale plan B to energize and mobilize societies, Urry assesses the likelihood of some very different futures for this century.
Beyond flying : rethinking air travel in a globally connected world
Life is strange : PS4 : limited edition
The queer art of failure
Constructing forest plans interactively based on owner-driven evaluation of the holding- and stand-level alternatives
The bookman histories
Sh*t rough drafts : pop culture's favorite books, movies,  and tv shows as they might have been
Alternative media and politics of resistance : a communication perspective
And nothing happened...but you...can make it happen!
Counterfactual approach for assessing agri-environmental policy : theory with an application to Finnish water protection policy
Victory of eagles : a novel of Temeraire
Research, animals and welfare : regulations, alternatives and guidelines
The use of alternatives to testing on animals for the REACH regulation : second report under article 117(3) of the REACH regulation
This volume establishes the discipline of medical ethnomusicology and expresses its broad potential. It also is an expression of a wider paradigm shift of innovative thinking and collaboration that fully embraces both the health sciences and the healing arts.
Gentle birth choices : a guide to making informed decisions about birthing centers, birth attendants, water birth, home birth, hospital birth
Captain Will Laurence and his noble dragon Temeraire battle against Bonaparte's invading forces.  When China discovers that their rare gift, meant for Napoleon, is now in the hands of the British forces, they demand the return of the dragon
I am right, you are wrong : from this to the new reneissance: from rock logic to water logic
Eyes wide open : how to make smart decisions in a confusing world
Scarcity : why having too little means so much
Throne of jade
Blood of tyrants
The art of healing : uncovering your inner wisdom and potential for self-healing
The alternative health & medicine encyclopedia
The Man in the high castle
Code Geass : Tales of the alternate Shogunate
Ink and bone
Medicinal plants at home : more than 100 easy, practical, and efficient natural remedies
Essays on current account imbalances
Mitigation of greenhouse gas emissions in livestock production : a review of technical options for non-CO2 emissions
Evaluation of four alternative wastewater treatment systems for unconnected rural properties in Kautiala, Kangasala
Nearing the end of a Third Age of Industry fueled by a magical substanced named aether, Robert Borrow, the son of a guildsman, becomes involved in a revolution to end a society based on inequality, greed, and corruption
In an alternate New England of 1900, where the Brotherhood dominates and controls society, sixteen-year-old Cate Cahill has struggled since her mother's death to keep secret that she and her younger sisters are witches, but when a governess arrives from the Sisterhood, everything changes.
Traditional Chinese medicine : understanding its principles and practices
"Comprehensive examination of the economic, social, and political context of climate policy in industrialized and developing nations. Calls for a multilateral approach that goes beyond the mitigation-focused Kyoto policies and stresses the importance of generating policies that work within a time frame commensurate with that of climate change itself"--Provided by publisher.
On compromise and rotten compromises
Of noble family
Acupuncture and related techniques in physical therapy
Underground airlines
Shades of milk and honey
What if? : alternative views of twentieth-century Ireland
Protest movements and the construction of risk
The man in the high castle
Naturally pain free : prevent and treat chronic and acute pains ... naturally
The summer isles
Mind over medicine : scientific proof you can heal yourself
Challenging the news : the journalism of alternative and community media
Clockwork prince
Jin Roh : the wolf brigade
Taras Grescoe rides the rails all over the world and makes an elegant and impassioned case for the imminent end of car culture and the coming transportation revolution. "I am proud to call myself a straphanger," writes Taras Grescoe. The perception of public transportation in America is often unflattering--a squalid last resort for those with one too many drunk-driving charges, too poor to afford insurance, or too decrepit to get behind the wheel of a car. Indeed, a century of auto-centric culture and city planning has left most of the country with public transportation that is underfunded, ill maintained, and ill conceived. But as the demand for petroleum is fast outpacing the world's supply, a revolution in transportation is under way. Grescoe explores the ascendance of the straphangers--the growing number of people who rely on public transportation to go about the business of their daily lives. On a journey that takes him around the world--from New York to Moscow, Paris, Copenhagen, Tokyo, Bogotá, Phoenix, Portland, Vancouver, and Philadelphia--Grescoe profiles public transportation here and abroad, highlighting the people and ideas that may help undo the damage that car-centric planning has done to our cities and create convenient, affordable, and sustainable urban transportation--and better city living--for all"--
Sustainable agricultural systems
""I am proud to call myself a straphanger," writes Taras Grescoe. The perception of public transportation in America is often unflattering--a squalid last resort for those with one too many drunk-driving charges, too poor to afford insurance, or too decrepit to get behind the wheel of a car. Indeed, a century of auto-centric culture and city planning has left most of the country with public transportation that is underfunded, ill maintained, and ill conceived. But as the demand for petroleum is fast outpacing the world's supply, a revolution in transportation is under way. Grescoe explores the ascendance of the straphangers--the growing number of people who rely on public transportation to go about the business of their daily lives. On a journey that takes him around the world--from New York to Moscow, Paris, Copenhagen, Tokyo, Bogot,̀ Phoenix, Portland, Vancouver, and Philadelphia--Grescoe profiles public transportation here and abroad, highlighting the people and ideas that may help undo the damage that car-centric planning has done to our cities and ient, affordable, and sustainable urban transportation--and better city living--for all--
Alternative water sources and wastewater management
Life is strange : PlayStation 4
Public health, science and the economy : the onto-politics of traditional medicine in Namibia
The Oxford handbook of medical ethnomusicology
The Gilda stories
The green revolution revisited : critique and alternatives
Global report on validated alternatives to the use of methyl bromide for soil fumigation
A man lies dreaming
Peaking of world oil production : impacts, mitigation and risk management
Chin up, Charlie : be brave
Awaken healing energy through the tao : the taoist secret of circulating internal power
Raven's gate : the graphic novel
Essentialism : the disciplined pursuit of less
The last days of new Paris
"It is the present-day, and the world is as we know it: smartphones, social networking and Happy Meals. Save for one thing: the Civil War never occurred.  A gifted young Black man calling himself Victor has struck a bargain with federal law enforcement, working as a bounty hunter for the US Marshall Service. He's got plenty of work. In this version of America, slavery continues in four states called "the Hard Four." On the trail of a runaway known as Jackdaw, Victor arrives in Indianapolis knowing that something isn't right - with the case file, with his work, and with the country itself.  A mystery to himself, Victor suppresses his memories of his childhood on a plantation, and works to infiltrate the local cell of a abolitionist movement called the Underground Airlines. Tracking Jackdaw through the back rooms of churches, empty parking garages, hotels, and medical offices, Victor believes he's hot on the trail. But his strange, increasingly uncanny pursuit is complicated by a boss who won't reveal the extraodinary stakes of Jackdaw's case, as well as by a heartbreaking young woman and her child who may be Victor's salvation. Victor himself may be the biggest obstacle of all - though his true self remains buried, it threatens to surface. Victor believes himself to be a good man doing bad work, unwilling to give up the freedom he has worked so hard to earn. But in pursuing Jackdaw, Victor discovers secrets at the core of the country's arrangement with the Hard Four, secrets the government will preserve at any cost. Underground Airlines is a ground-breaking novel, a wickedly imaginative thriller, and a story of an America that is more like our own than we'd like to believe"--
Animal experimentation : a guide to the issues
Alternative improved housing systems for poultry
Leap without a net : leaving a job with no plan B
Nonconventional feedstuffs in the nutrition of farm animals
Life is strange : Xbox One : limited edition
Free-range poultry
Erewhon and Erewhon revisited
Towards an agro-industrial future : an International symposium exchanging experience between countries, 28 June - 4 July 1988.
Healing traditions : alternative medicine and the health professions
His Majesty's dragon
Discusses a systematic discipline for discerning what is absolutely essential, then eliminating everything that is not, so you can make the highest possible contribution towards the things that really matter.
Empire of ivory
Economic effects of environmental concerns in forest management : an analysis of the cost of achieving the environmental goals
In this sparkling debut, magic and mayhem clash with the British elite...  The Royal Society of Unnatural Philosophers, one of the most respected organizations throughout all of England, has long been tasked with maintaining magic within His Majesty's lands. But lately, the once proper institute has fallen into disgrace, naming an altogether unsuitable gentleman--a freed slave who doesn't even have a familiar--as their Sorcerer Royal, and allowing England's once profuse stores of magic to slowly bleed dry. At least they haven't stooped so low as to allow women to practice what is obviously a man's profession...  At his wit's end, Zacharias Wythe, Sorcerer Royal of the Unnatural Philosophers and eminently proficient magician, ventures to the border of Fairyland to discover why England's magical stocks are drying up. But when his adventure brings him in contact with a most unusual comrade, a woman with immense power and an unfathomable gift, he sets on a path which will alter the nature of sorcery in all of Britain--and the world at large.
Three dimensional creativity : three navigations to extend our thoughts
Alternatives to HCFC as refrigerant in shipping vessels
A survey of alternatives to 12 persistent organic pollutants
The quest : energy, security, and the remaking of the modern world
What might have been : leading historians on twelve 'What ifs' of history
Organon of medicine
Alternative crops for the prairies
Straphanger : saving our cities and ourselves from the automobile
From guinea pig to computer mouse : alternative methods for a humane education
Architectural inventions : visionary drawnings
The light ages
Unseemly science
The versions of us
Critical issues in education : dialogues and dialectics
An alternative approach to allergies : the new field of clinical ecology unravels the environmental causes of mental and physical ills
What is the best way to enter Florida's real estate market in today's economy? : This may serve as a simple guide which offers options for a startup real estate company to enter any real estate market
The Queer Art of Failure is about finding alternatives - to conventional understandings of success in a heteronormative, capitalist society; to academic disciplines that confirm what is already known according to approved methods of knowing; and to cultural criticism that claims to break new ground but cleaves to conventional archives. Judith Halberstam proposes "low theory" as a mode of thinking and writing that operates at many different levels at once. Low theory is derived from eccentric archives. It runs the risk of not being taken seriously. It entails a willingness to fail and to lose one's way, to pursue difficult questions about complicity, and to find counterintuitive forms of resistance. Tacking back and forth between high theory and low theory, high culture and low culture, Halberstam looks for the unexpected and subversive in popular culture, avant-garde performance, and queer art. She pays particular attention to animated children's films, revealing narratives filled with unexpected encounters between the childish, the transformative, and the queer. Failure sometimes offers more creative, cooperative, and surprising ways of being in the world, even as it forces us to face the dark side of life, love, and libido.
Wake up and dream
Survey of methods to visualize alternatives in multiple criteria decision making problems
What are you hungry for? : the Chopra solution to permanent weight loss, well-being, and lightness of soul
Capitalist realism : is there no alternative?
Ocular and systemic pharmacokinetic models for drug discovery and development
Combinable alternative crops - their agronomy
Sodium bicarbonate : nature's unique first aid remedy
Alternative media and the politics of resistance : perspectives and challenges
A Surrealist bomb transfigures war-torn Paris into a phantasmagoric dreamscape, unleashing a race of nightmarish creatures.
League of dragons
My real children
The household : informal order around the hearth
Glamour in glass
Plantation or conversion - the debate! : ideas presented and discussed at a joint EFI Project-Centre conference held 21-23 May 2006 in Freiburg, Germany
Envisioning real utopias
Time and time again
Star cursed
Finland's policy alternatives for the future
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Responsible Peatland Management and Growing Media Production : Québec City, Canada, June 13-17, 2011
Other logics : alternatives to formal logic in the history of thought and contemporary philosophy
