http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22355 phraseology
phraseology
Understanding language through humor
Anglijsko-b"lgarski rečnik na frazeologičnite glagoli = English-Bulgarian dictionary of phrasal verbs
Corpus approaches to evaluation
In this stimulating collection of papers, leading researchers from Europe and North America demonstrate the theoretical and methodological importance of corpus studies of phraseology and show how data-intensive case studies provide new perspectives on language use. One of the main theoretical findings of recent linguistics is that phraseology is central to language organization. The authors show how software and statistical techniques can reveal phraseological patterns in different text types – literary, academic and commercial – and also typical paths of language change across the last 200 years. These patterns are revealed only when computational methods are applied to corpora consisting of hundreds of millions of running words, collected from thousands of authentic texts. A major feature of the book is its critical comparison and evaluation of different quantitative and statistical tools, which readers can use for their own empirical work.
Unique, but not cranberries : idiomatic isolates in Finnish
Res humanae proverbiorum et sententiarum : ad honorem Wolfgangi Mieder
Idioms and fixed expressions in English language study before 1800 : a contribution to English historical phraseology
English phraseology : a coursebook
A dictionary of international slurs : (ethnophaulisms) : with a supplementary essay on aspects of ethnic prejudice
Phraseology : an interdisciplinary perspective
Mandarin phrasebook & dictionary
Prototypical idioms : evidence from Finnish
The elements of eloquence : how to turn the perfect English phrase
Of pearls and pigs : a conceptual-semantic Tiernet approach to formal representation of structure and variation of phraseological units
Interlingual phraseology in Der Vorleser by Bernhard Schlink : a contrastive analysis of the English and French translation
Bilingual figurative language processing
An anatomy of Chinese : rhythm, metaphor, politics
A dictionary of Russian idioms and colloquialisms : 2,200 expressions with examples
International symposium Europhras '97 : phraseology and paremiology
A corpus study of the phraseology of written argumentative English : a subsequent exploration of the uses of concordancing and corpora in the teaching and autonomous learning of EAP
Phrase books : papers and research : the essential tool for writing English
Widespread idioms in Europe and beyond : toward a lexicon of common figurative units
The BBI combinatory dictionary of English : your guide to collocations and grammar
Phraseology : theory, analysis, and applications
The influence of French on eighteenth-century literary Russian : semantic ang phraseological calcues
Adverbials and the phase model
Traditional oral epic : the Odyssey, Beowulf, and the Serbo-Croatian return song
Possessive marking in phrasal verb and idiomatic constructions in the Erzya language
Idiomatic creativity : a cognitive-linguistic model of idiom-representation and idiom-variation in English
"I am ever, My Lord, your grateful & oblig'd Sert" : address forms and subscriptionsin the correspondence of Charlotte Smith
Spanish idioms in practice : understanding language and culture
The aim of this new volume on collocations is twofold : on the one hand, it gives an overview of the most recent research on collocations ; on the other hand, this research is presented from a multilinguistic perspective, which allows the reader to obtain a more universal picture of the phenomenon. The first boom on collocation research was around the 1990s when there was an explosion of publications dealing with the extraction and retrieval of collocations from data bases. Today collocations are still a theme of tropical interest. New unexplored areas of research with questions and tasks that did not exist earlier have risen to the surface and are waiting to be answered and tested. Languages other than English have come onto the stage and are starting to develop their own innovative projects. In addition to the introduction, the eight chapters included in this volume deal with collocations in different languages : four Romance languages (French, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish), two Germanic languages (English and German), one Slavic language (Russian) and one belonging to the Finno-Ugric family (Finnish). The main areas of research represented are phraseology, lexicography and language teaching, areas which often overlap. However, some computational approaches are presented as well. The concept of collocation, as shown in the general bibliography, is not unified. Approaches are diverse. Methodologically, the use of corpus-based and corpus-driven approaches is dominant, but a more qualitative methodology is also applied and carefully explained. The reader has the possibility to observe that languages, even if they show different phases of research on collocations, walk on similar paths.
Reading idioms in Finnish : an eye-tracking study
Collocations and idioms 1 : papers from the First Nordic Conference on Syntactic Freezes, Joensuu, May 19-20, 2006
Variation and flexibility within verb idioms in Finnish
Phraseologie und Kultur = Phraseology and culture
Patterns, meaningful units and specialized discourses
Idioms : description, comprehension, acquisition, and pedagogy
English-Russian phrase-book for tourists = Anglo-russkij razgovornik dlâ turistov
Ageing of a literary translation : Emily Brontë's Wuthering heights and its four Finnish translations
Idioms and other expressions referring to the human face
Realnyi English : how to speak, tštoby vas ponjali
Phraseology and research on symbols
International bibliography of paremiology and phraseology
Apologising in British English
Collocations cross-linguistically : corpora, dictionaries and language teaching
Phraseologie im interlingualen und interkulturellen Kontakt = Phraseology in interlingual and intercultural contact
The phraseology of Latin building inscriptions in Roman North Africa
Idioms represent a fascinating linguistic phenomenon that has captured the attention of many linguists for decades. This corpus-based study of idioms in Modern Standard Arabic sheds light on their intricate nature, establishes the major patterns of their linguistic behaviour, and provides explanations for these patterns. Adopting a descriptive framework, the study addresses two main issues with regard to the discursive behaviour of idioms: the discursive functions that they perform and the ways in which they contribute to the cohesion of their texts. Examining primary data with regard to the semantic, discursive, lexical and grammatical properties of Arabic idioms, the author touches on the ubiquity of these expressions in language use, the wide range of functions they perform in discourse, the problems they often cause in domains such as foreign language learning and translation, and their typical divergence from the normal rules of grammar and semantic compositionality. -- Publisher description.
"During the Cultural Revolution, Mao exhorted the Chinese people to “smash the four olds”: old customs, old culture, old habits, and old ideas. Yet when the Red Guards in Tiananmen Square chanted "We want to see Chairman Mao," they unknowingly used a classical rhythm that dates back to the Han period and is the very embodiment of the four olds. An Anatomy of Chinese reveals how rhythms, conceptual metaphors, and political language convey time-honored meanings of which Chinese speakers themselves may not be consciously aware, and contributes to the ongoing debate over whether language shapes thought, or vice versa. Perry Link's inquiry into the workings of Chinese reveals convergences and divergences with English, most strikingly in the area of conceptual metaphor. Different spatial metaphors for consciousness, for instance, mean that English speakers wake up while speakers of Chinese wake across. Other underlying metaphors in the two languages are similar, lending support to theories that locate the origins of language in the brain. The distinction between daily-life language and official language has been unusually significant in contemporary China, and Link explores how ordinary citizens learn to play language games, artfully wielding officialese to advance their interests or defend themselves from others. Particularly provocative is Link's consideration of how Indo-European languages, with their preference for abstract nouns, generate philosophical puzzles that Chinese, with its preference for verbs, avoids. The mind-body problem that has plagued Western culture may be fundamentally less problematic for speakers of Chinese." --Publisher's description.
Idioms, sentence types, and grammatical rules: how context becomes grammar
Phrases and phraseology : data and descripions
A concise dictionary of phrase & fable
Common features in the phraseology of European languages : cultural and areal perspectives
Yearbook of phraseology
The anglicization of European lexis
Phraseology in foreign language learning and teaching
Borrowed phraselogy : (17th-21th century)
Colouring meaning : collocation and connotation in figurative language
Arabic idioms : a corpus based study
Hyperbole in English : a corpus-based study of exaggeration
Pattern grammar : a corpus-driven approach to the lexical grammar of English
International conference Phraseology globat - areal - regional in Helsinki
To be or not to be : a case study of formulaic sequences in Finnish EFL texbooks for upper secondary school
English abstracts.
How Koreans talk : a collection of expressions
From office to school : special language and internationalisation : [papers presented at the 6th European Symposium on LSP at the University of Vaasa, Aug. 3rd-7th 1987]
Current issues in phraseology
Stylistic use of phraseological units in discourse
"Bilingual Figurative Language Processing is a timely book that provides a much-needed bilingual perspective to the broad field of figurative language. This is the first book of its kind to address how bilinguals acquire, store, and process figurative language, such as idiomatic expressions (e.g., kick the bucket), metaphors (e.g., lawyers are sharks), and irony, and how these tropes might interact in real time across the bilingual's two languages. This volume offers the reader and the bilingual student an overview of the major strands of research, both theoretical and empirical, currently being undertaken in this field of inquiry. At the same time, Bilingual Figurative Language Processing provides readers and undergraduate and graduate students with the opportunity to acquire hands-on experience in the development of psycholinguistic experiments in bilingual figurative language. Each chapter includes a section on suggested student research projects. Selected chapters provide detailed procedures on how to design and develop psycholinguistic experiments"--
Indianisation of English / analysis of linguistic features in selected post-1980 Indian English fiction
"Non-literal language is ubiquitous in everyday life, and while hyperbole is a major part of this, it has so far remained relatively unexplored. This volume provides the first investigation of hyperbole in English, drawing on data from genres such as spoken conversation, TV, newspapers, and literary works from Chaucer to Monty Python. Combining quantitative and qualitative analyses, it uses approaches from semantics, pragmatics, discourse analysis and classical rhetoric, to investigate in detail both speaker-centered and emotive aspects of hyperbole, and also addressee-related aspects, such as interpretation and interactional uptake. Illustrated with a range of diachronic case studies, hyperbole is also shown to be a main means of linguistic creativity, and an important contributor to language change. The book concludes with an exploration of the role of hyperbole in political speaking, humour, and literature. Original and in-depth, it will be invaluable to all those working on meaning, discourse, and historical linguistics"--
The variability of archaic converbal idioms in Finnish
Phraseologie : ein internationales Handbuch der zeitgenössischen Forschung = Phraseology : an intertational handbook of contemporary research. Bd. 2
System and corpus : exploring connections
The role of dictionary use in the comprehension of idiom variants
Structural changes and meaning extensions of Finnish 'pull + comp' constructions
Phraseological units in German texts from Slovakia
Bättre engelska : the English you need and how to use it
Phraseologie : ein internationales Handbuch der zeitgenössischen Forschung = Phraseology : an international handbook of contemporary research. Bd. 1
Keyness in texts
Summary: Possibilities for studying semantics in phraseology.
Slippery idioms : formulaic sequences and slips on the tongue
Challenges of documenting the idioms of an endangered language : the case of Inari Saami
1000 russkih 1000 anglijskih idiom : slovar' s poâsneniâmi i primerami ispol'zovaniâ = Dictionary of 1000 Russian 1000 Inglish idioms : with helpful examples and explanations
