http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22353 digital games
digital games
As a conclusion, the social media plan is constructed based on the current social media activities of the commissioner, therefore some issues might arise when implementing the plan as the commissioner have not really established presence on social media; issue of lacking resources might come up, but it is also tried to resolve in this thesis. If the plan is implemented successfully there might be high benefit for the commissioner. As for development proposals there are endless possibilities for further measures as social media provides countless number of opportunities for companies. It would be interesting to see further measures as a thesis by a business student where the possibilities of social media in business-to-business use are exploited.
Conceptual design methods for game sound
In which year was the Atari Lynx released? To which character are Pikmin sidekicks? Who was on the cover of Fifa 95? And is Mario Teaches Typing a real game? This fantastic quiz book contains six hundred questions (and answers!) to test your knowledge, from basics a total noob would know all the way through to trivia that would challenge Satoru Iwata himself. With sections including bestsellers, genres, anagrams, henchmen, collectables, accessories and many more, this is an excellent addition to any gamer’s bookshelf.
Music and game : perspectives on a popular alliance
Giana sisters twisted dreams : director's cut : PS4
Analysis of player progression in digital games
How to play a video game
Trine 2 : Collector`s edition : PC/MAC
Virtual worlds apart : a comparative study on digital games in Japan and the west
Values in play : interactional life with the sims
Game On! 2017: all the best games, amazing facts, awesome secrets
Marketing in New Game Companies : iOS
Technology trees and tools : constructing development graphs for digital games
Designing game services
Animation of a High-Definition 2d Fighting Game Character
Game magic : a designer's guide to magic systems in theory and practice
Titanfall : Xbox One
Electronic games : a study of terminology and English-Finnish glossary
Questions and answers (on game innovation)
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Constructing identities in San Andreas : characterizing the protagonists in Grand Theft Auto V
Analysis of story and gameplay elements in visual novel games
The ultimate video game quiz book
A brief history of video games : from Atari to Xbox one
Designing a knowledge based puzzle game : case: After Now Archeology
Gameworlds : virtual media and children's everyday play
Learn Lua for iOS game development
E-business as a distributional strategy : case: Veikkaus Oy
The art of Wolfenstein : the new order
Playing horror : narrative and genre in Valve's Left 4 Dead Series
Strategies of social screen play(ers) across the ecosystem of play: toys, games and hybrid social play in technologically mediated playscapes
Brain music : musical output by thought
This paper presents a design case study of Yamove!, a well-received dance battle game. The primary aim for the project was to design a mobile-based play experience that enhanced in-person social interaction and connection. The game emphasized the pleasures of mutual, improvised amateur movement choreography at the center of the experience, achieved through a core mechanic of synchronized movement. The project team engaged techniques from the independent (“indie”) game development community that proved valuable in tempering the constraints to which technologically driven design can sometimes fall prey. Contributions of this work include (a) presentation and discussion of a polished digital game that embodies design knowledge about engaging players in mutual physical improvisation that is socially supported by technology, and (b) a case study of a design process influenced by indie game development that may help others interested in creating technologies that choreograph pleasurable intentional human movement in social contexts.
Zahlenwerte und Funktionen aus Naturwissenschaften und Technik : Neue Serie. Gruppe 3: Kristall- und Festkörperphysik = Numerical data and functional relationships in science and technology. 3/13a, Metalle: Phononenzustände, Elektronenzustände und Fermiflächen
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
The Army Game Project : creating an artefact of war
Real-time hermeneutics : meaning-making in ludonarrative digital games
Players Unleashed! Modding The Sims and the Culture of Gaming
Design for kids : digital products for playing and learning
Monetization in computer games
Monetization of free-to-play mobile games
"Game studies is a rapidly developing field across the world, with a growing number of dedicated courses addressing video games and digital play as significant phenomena in contemporary everyday life and media cultures. Seth Giddings looks to fill a gap by focusing on the relationship between the actual and virtual worlds of play in everyday life. He addresses both the continuities and differences between digital play and longer-established modes of play. The 'gameworlds' title indicates both the virtual world designed into the videogame and the wider environments in which play is manifested: social relationships between players; hardware and software; between the virtual worlds of the game and the media universes they extend (e.g. Poke;mon, Harry Potter, Lego, Star Wars); and the gameworlds generated by children's imaginations and creativity (through talk and role-play, drawings and outdoor play). The gameworld raises questions about who, and what, is in play. Drawing on recent theoretical work in science and technology studies, games studies and new media studies, a key theme is the material and embodied character of these gameworlds and their components (players' bodies, computer hardware, toys, virtual physics, and the physical environment). Building on detailed small-scale ethnographic case studies, Gameworlds is the first book to explore the nature of play in the virtual worlds of video games and how this play relates to, and crosses over into, everyday play in the actual world"
Games and gamers : business and popularity
Angry birds trilogy : PS3
The ever-expanding capacities of computing offer new narrative possibilities for virtual worlds. Yet vast narratives - featuring an ongoing and intricately developed storyline, many characters, and multiple settings - did not originate with, and are not limited to, Massively Multiplayer Online Games. Thomas Mann's Joseph and His Brothers, J. R. R. Tolkien's "Lord of the Rings", Marvel's "Spiderman", and the complex stories of such television shows as "Dr. Who", "The Sopranos", and "Lost" all present vast fictional worlds. "Third Person" explores strategies of vast narrative across a variety of media, including video games, television, literature, comic books, tabletop games, and digital art. The contributors - media and television scholars, novelists, comic creators, game designers, and others - investigate such issues as continuity, canonicity, interactivity, fan fiction, technological innovation, and cross-media phenomena. Chapters of this title examine a range of topics, including storytelling in a multiplayer environment; narrative techniques for a 3,000,000-page novel; continuity (or the impossibility of it) in "Doctor Who"; managing multiple intertwined narratives in superhero comics; the spatial experience of the "Final Fantasy" role-playing games; "World of Warcraft" adventure texts created by designers and fans; and, the serial storytelling of "The Wire". Taken together, the multidisciplinary conversations in "Third Person", along with Harrigan and Wardrip-Fruin's earlier collections "First Person" and "Second Person", offer essential insights into how fictions are constructed and maintained in very different forms of media at the beginning of the twenty-first century.
The Point of Clicking : Roles of Cutscenes in Adventure Games
Proceedings of Digra Nordic 2012 : Local and global - games in culture and society
Experiental education of mathematics : art and games for digital natives
Players unleashed! : modding The Sims and the culture of gaming
In-game animation of realistic human player characters : a survey of design methods, techniques and workflows of 3D game character animation
Playing video games - a waste of time... or not? : Exploring the connection between playing video games and English grades
Changing faces of game innovation : GaIn and GIIP research project report
The player's game : towards understanding player production among computer game culture
How computer games help children learn
The art of titanfall
Abstract. - Swedish summary.
Videogames are one of the most culturally, socially and economically significant media forms. This guide provides a map of the most important games since the 1960s. It is aimed at both novices and acolytes alike as it journeys through the interesting, innovative and entertaining titles of videogames.
The great journey : HALO the art of building worlds
Percy Jackson & the lightning thief : Nintendo DS
Ice age : 4 : continental drift : arctic games : XBOX 360
The poetic of the bit : the interpretation and textual processes of digital fiction from an ergodic semiotic perspective.
Background and Aims      The aim of this study was to identify problematic gaming behavior among Finnish adolescents and young adults, and evaluate its connection to a variety of psychological, social, and physical health symptoms.        Methods      This cross-sectional study was conducted with a random sample of 293 respondents aged from 13 to 24 years. Participants completed an online survey. Problematic gaming behavior was measured with the Game Addiction Scale (GAS). Self-reports covered health measures such as psychological health (psychopathological symptoms, satisfaction with life), social health (preferences for social interaction), and physical health (general health, Body Mass Index [BMI], body discomfort, physical activity).        Results      Problematic gaming behavior was found to relate to psychological and health problems, namely fatigue, sleep interference, depression and anxiety symptoms. Multiple linear regression indicated that the amount of weekly gaming, depression and a preference for online social interaction predicted increased problematic gaming symptoms.        Conclusions      This research emphasized that problematic gaming behavior had a strong negative correlation to a variety of subjective health outcomes.
Guide to using social media for BelleGames
Game sound : an introduction to the history, theory, and practice of video game music and sound design
The art of bioshock infinite
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy?
Death by video game : tales of obsession from the virtual frontline
Building character : digital game characters and their creation in historical contexts
The goal of this thesis was to develop a prototype of a need-based artificial intelligence (AI) for a computer game. The thesis wasn't commissioned by a third party, but was done out of my own interest and to improve my know-how. The AI was developed for Spaceship Captain, a game I have been working on for some time. Spaceship Captain is a story focused, 2D-life simulation/role-playing game for PC. The game’s central feature is random generated non-playable characters and their social AI, highly reminiscent of the AI seen in The Sims. As the complete AI was going to be too complex subject for a thesis, I instead decided to only cover the need-based functionality. The prototype was developed with Unity and Microsoft Visual Studio. The most important methods for developing the prototype were finite state machines, fuzzy logic, navigation meshes and smart objects. The AI of The Sims was used as a jumping-off as it's also need-based. Instead of taking the needs that The Sims uses though, Maslow's hierarchy of needs was used a base instead and later modified further. The AI prototype was successfully developed, though not as expansively as first envisioned. Only a handful of the designed needs made their way into the prototype, but this ultimately wasn't a real issue, as implementing all of the needs as designed, they would've needed additional systems to accompany them. The core of the need-based functionality was however developed as planned. During the writing of this thesis, a handful of points of improvement were discovered with the prototype, but as again they weren't something to be dealt with within the scope of the thesis, they were left for future development.
This book explains how designing, playing and modifying computer games, and understanding the theory behind them, can strengthen the area of digital humanities. This book aims to help digital humanities scholars understand both the issues and also advantages of game design, as well as encouraging them to extend the field of computer game studies, particularly in their teaching and research in the field of virtual heritage. By looking at re-occurring issues in the design, playtesting and interface of serious games and game-based learning for cultural heritage and interactive history, this book highlights the importance of visualisation and self-learning in game studies and how this can intersect with digital humanities. It also asks whether such theoretical concepts can be applied to practical learning situations. It will be of particular interest to those who wish to investigate how games and virtual environments can be used in teaching and research to critique issues and topics in the humanities, particularly in virtual heritage and interactive history.
Animation of a high-definition 2d fighting game character
Problematic digital gaming behavior and its relation to the psychological, social and physical health of Finnish adolescents and young adults
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy
Zones of control : perspectives on wargaming
”WE WANT A 3D GAME” : Customer expectations for the games company when buying a serious game
Learning games and children's user experience : the effects of context
Abstract.
Children's learning in a digital world
Proceedings of EHTI'08 : the first Finnish symposium on emotions and human-technology interaction
Proceedings of EHTI'08: The First Finnish Symposium on Emotions and Human-Technology Interaction
Digital games and learning : research and theory
The field of Games is rapidly expanding, prompting institutions throughout the world to create game development programs and courses focusing on educational games. As a result, games have also become a hot topic in the area of educational technology research. This increased interest is due to the technological advancement of digital games and the fact that a new, digital generation is emerging with a strong gaming background. Games: Purpose and Potential in Education focuses on the issues of incorporating games into education and instructional design. Ideas of identity development, gender diversity, motivation, and integrating instructional design within game development are addressed since each of these areas is important in the field of instructional design and can have a significant impact on learning. This volume brings together leading experts, researchers, and instructors in the field of gaming and explores current topics in gaming and simulations, available resources, and the future of the field.
Critical gaming : interactice history and virtual heritage
Psychologically-based and content-oriented experience in entertainment virtual environments
Kids and branding in a digital world
Digital sports games and their players : playing motivations and player's assessment of the effects of playing
Twister mania : Xbox 360, Kinect
Internationalization, networks and industry related factors : the case of Finnish digital game industry
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
The philosophy of computer games
Adapting to and assessing scrum in game development
We want a 3D game : customer expectations for the games company when buying a serious game
Need-based artificial intelligence for a computer game : Case Spaceship Captain –prototype
Emotion and social context in a digital game experience
Study of Zumba game playing experience, related to previous knowledge of Zumba
The art of watch dogs
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
Exergaming usage : hedonic and utilitarian aspects
The art of the last of us
Opportunities of social media marketing for a game company
Games without frontiers : theories and methods for game studies and design
How are digital games used in schools? : complete results of the study
By gamers for gamers. This is the definitive guide for gaming for kids, fully updated for 2017. Features tips and tricks for gamers and interviews from gaming's biggest personalities, including game developers and pro-gamers. Learn how to dominate the biggest online multiplayer games, including LEGO Dimensions, LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens, No Man's Sky and Minecraft Story Mode. Find out facts and stats and unlock the rarest trophies and achievements in different game worlds. It also includes a definitive list of the fifty biggest games of the past year, and the ultimate guide to the fifty biggest games coming in 2017.
Children's virtual play worlds : culture, learning, and participation
Yamove! A movement synchrony game that choreographs social interaction
1001 video games you must play before you die
The gameplay function of text and its effect on localization : a case study of Spore
Pro JavaTM 6  3D game development : Java 3DTM, JOGL, JInput and JOAL, APIs
Procedurally generating a world for the Trials of the Wolf project
Creating critical gameplay : designing affective player experiences
Destiny : [official strategy guide]
Game mods : design, theory and criticism
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Learning in digital games : a case study of a World of Warcraft guild
Defining Role-Playing Games as Language-Games
Third person : authoring and exploring vast narratives
Games : purpose and potential in education / Christopher Thomas Miller, editor
Humour in video games : play, comedy and mischief
Need-based artificial intelligence for a computer game : case Spaceship Captain -prototype
The art of game design : a book of lenses
The art of assassin ́s creed IV : black flag
Is it in the game? : integration of a digital game and learning content in mathematical games for 5th and 6th graders in Opit-service
Open invitation : mapping global game culture. Issues for a sociocultural study of games and players
