http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22349 predisposition
predisposition
Abstract.
Genes, chromosomes, and disease : from simple traits, to complex traits, to personalized medicine
Mapping the uncanny : assessing dimensions of psychotic-like experiences for clinical utility
Systems and mechanistic understanding of genetic predisposition to prostate cancer
Genetic predisposition to spontaneous preterm birth : approaches to identify susceptibility genes
Ten years after mutation testing for Lynch syndrome : cancer incidence and outcome in mutation-positive and mutation-negative family members
Genetic risk factors for hereditary prostate cancer in Finland : from targeted analysis of susceptibility loci to genome-wide copy number variation study
Susceptibility of pine to mammalian herbivores in northern Finland
Assessment of risk and prevention of type 2 diabetes in primary health care
Finnish summary.
Identification of loci for migraine with aura
Genetics of multiple sclerosis
Effects of heavy alcohol intake on lipoproteins, adiponectin and cardiovascular risk
Genomic and genetic analysis of plant parasitism and defense
Brain responses to speech sounds in infants and children with and without familial risk for dyslexia
Dissociation and heterogeneity in high hypnotic suggestibility
Wood-based boards : response to attack by mould and stain fungi
The terror dream : what 9/11 revealed about America
Time out! Getting life back on track : a psychosocial support programme targeted at young men exempted from compulsory military or civil service
Role of the RNF8, UBC13, MMS2 and RAD51C DNA damage response genes and rare copy number variants in hereditary predisposition to breast cancer
Genome-wide associations and computational search for the genetic risk factors for diabetic nephropathy
Inheritance
Noise, accidents and male work culture
Novel multiple sclerosis predisposing genetic variants outside the HLA region
Natural history of celiac disease-associated antibodies and progression to overt disease in children at increased genetic risk
Studies on novel and traditional risk factors of atherosclerosis
TOPBP1, CLSPN and PALB2 genes in familial breast cancer susceptibility
Rare Genetic Variants and Complex Diseases : a Bayesian Approach
Personality vulnerability to depression and stress processes : a daily diary approach to the diathesis-stress model
Vulnerability and the art of protection : embodiment and health care in Moroccan households
Early life diet and asthma, with an emphasis on the role of fatty acids
Alcohol intoxication and abuse in injured patients
In quest of genetic susceptibility to disorders manifesting in fractures : assessing the significance of genetic factors in femoral neck stress fractures and childhood non-OI primary osteoporosis
The vulnerability of fishing-dependent economies to disasters
The Language of Life : DNA and the revolution in personalized medicine
Brain white matter structure, body mass index and physical activity in individuals at risk for psychosis:the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986 Study
Histological characteristics and gene expression profiling of Dupuytren's disease
Genetic studies on susceptibility genes in osteoarthritis
PALB2 and RAP80 genes in hereditary breast cancer predisposition
Recognition of individuals at highest risk for psychosis is challenging and no definitive biomarkers are yet available. Physical illnesses associated with a sedentary lifestyle are common in patients with severe mental illness. Both, bodyweight and risk for psychosis are associated with brain white matter (WM) abnormalities. There are several dysregulated pathways which are common in psychiatric illnesses and weight-related processes, but it is not known how weight and vulnerability for psychosis interact in the brain. The present study examines brain WM microstructure and its association to body mass index (BMI) in young adults with a familial risk for psychosis (FR). In addition, the level of physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness in individuals vulnerable to psychosis was examined.Participants of the present study are members of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986. Two separate clinical substudies were conducted. The first having been done when the participants were at age 15–16. At that time, physical activity was defined by postal questionnaire (n=6,987) and cardiorespiratory fitness was measured by a submaximal cycle ergometer test (n=4,803). Risk for psychosis was viewed from three perspectives, with possible overlap between groups: having familial risk for psychosis, existing prodromal symptoms at age 15–16, and development of hospital treated psychosis between the ages of 16 and 20 years. The latter substudy was conducted when the participants were aged between 20 and 25 years. Diffusion tensor imaging was performed on 108 participants. Our study showed that there was no difference in WM microstructure between FR and control groups suggesting that WM abnormalities are not a genetic feature for risk of psychosis in all populations. However, the association between BMI and WM microstructure differed significantly between the FR and control groups.We also demonstrated that the level of physical activity was lower before the onset of psychotic illness. Therefore, these results imply that it would be of great importance to consider weight and physical activity levels in subjects at risk for psychosis, in order to avoid the detrimental effects of a sedentary lifestyle on overall health.
Susceptibility to respiratory tract infections in young men : the role of inflammation, mannose-binding lectin, interleukin-6 and their genetic polymorphisms
Perinatal factors as predictors of brain damage and neurodevelopmental outcome:study of children born very preterm
The development of immune responses and gut microbiota in children at genetic risk of type 1 diabetes
Life satisfaction as a health predictor
Genetic predisposition to breast and ovarian cancer : BRCA 1/2-negative families
Low back pain (LBP) is the leading cause of years lived with disabilities worldwide. Intervertebral disc (IVD) degeneration is a strong contributing factor to LBP. Recent studies have shown that genetic determinants contribute markedly to IVD degeneration but knowledge about the actual genes involved as well as their roles is still limited. The aim of this thesis work was to study genetic factors that may predispose to IVD degeneration. Using both family and case-control association study designs, variants in five genes showed association with IVD degeneration on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in a population-based sample and among patients with sciatica due to lumbar disc herniation (LDH).We performed a candidate gene association study of the known variants implicated in IVD degeneration in a Finnish cohort of 538 young individuals with a moderate degree of lumbar IVD degeneration on MRI. We were able to confirm the associations of variants in the IL6, SKT, and CILP genes, which provides further evidence for true associations. Based on our earlier linkage study in Finnish sciatica families, we performed a candidate gene analysis and identified IL17F as a potential candidate gene. To the best of our knowledge this is the first study to observe an association between this gene and discogenic sciatica. Both IL-6 and IL-17 are pro-inflammatory cytokines with elevated expression levels in herniated tissues, which suggest a role in IVD degeneration. Study of the role of genes coding for inflammatory mediators is of interest as it may contribute to the understanding of the overall inflammatory response of the disc.In addition, we reported on the involvement of SKT in the etiology of lumbar disc herniation (LDH) both in Japanese and Finnish case-control samples. Experimental studies in mice have shown that Skt homozygous mutants exhibit disc abnormalities resulting in a kinky tale phenotype. We hypothesized that the human homolog SKT could have long-term importance in the onset of IVD degeneration by making the discs more vulnerable. Finally, through linkage studies and in the subsequent association analyses, the role of CHST3 as a novel risk factor for IVD degeneration was identified. CHST3 encodes an enzyme that catalyzes the sulfation of chondroitin, and mutations in this gene are associated with spondylepiphyseal dysplasia and humerospinal dysostosis. In our study, we identified this gene using genome –wide linkage based on data from a Southern Chinese family and speculated that mild CHST3 reduction caused by the reported susceptibility SNP could result in disc degeneration in adults in conjunction with other risk factors.This thesis provides new information about the genetic background of IVD degeneration and new insights into the etiology of the disease. The specific roles of these genes in the IVD function and pathogenesis of sciatica are not clear however, and need to be elucidated.
On the Genetics of Intracranial Aneurysms and on Growth Factor Induced Angiogenesis in the Murine Brain
Hereditary predisposition to breast cancer – with a focus on <em>AATF</em>, <em>MRG15</em>, <em>PALB2</em>, and three Fanconi anaemia genes
Neuropsychiatric illnesses usually become overtly manifest in adolescence and early adulthood. A critical long-term aim is to be able to prevent the development of such illnesses, which requires instruments to identify subjects at high risk of illness and to offer them effective interventions. There is an indisputable need for more sophisticated methods to enable more precise detection of adolescents and young adults who are at high risk of developing psychosis. Abnormal function in brain networks has been reported in people with schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders. Similar abnormalities have been found also in people at risk for developing psychosis, but it is not known whether this applies also to spontaneous resting state activity in young people with a familial risk for psychosis. We conducted resting-state functional MRI (R-fMRI) in 72 (29 male) young adults with a history of psychosis in one or both parents (FR) but without psychosis themselves, and 72 (29 male) similarly healthy control subjects without familial risk for psychosis. Both groups in the Oulu Brain and Mind study were drawn from the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986. All volunteers were 20–25 years old. Parental psychosis was established using the Care Register for Health Care. R-fMRI data was pre-processed using independent component analysis (ICA).A dual regression technique was used to detect between-group differences with p < 0.05 threshold corrected for multiple comparisons at voxel level.FR subjects demonstrated significantly decreased activity compared to control subjects in the default mode network and in the central executive network and increased activity in the cerebellum.The findings clarify previously controversial literature on the subject. The finding suggests that abnormal activity in these brain networks in rest may be associated with increased vulnerability to psychosis. The findings maybe helpful in developing more precise methods for detecting young people at highest risk for developing psychosis.
The effectiveness of vocationally oriented medical rehabilitation (ASLAK®) amongst public sector employees
Parasitized grouse are more vulnerable to predation as revealed by a dog-assisted hunting study
Identification of novel tumor predisposition families and underlying genetic defects
Risk factors and pathways leading to suicide with special focus in schizophrenia : the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort Study
Falls in the elderly : with special reference to testing posture control and risk factors
Targeting accident prone ships by their behaviour and safety culture
Brain white matter structure, body mass index and physical activity in individuals at risk for psychosis : the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986 Study
Assessing Psychosis: A Clinician's Guide offers both a practical guide and rich clinical resource for a broad audience of mental-health practitioners seeking to sharpen their understanding of diagnostic issues, clinical concepts, and assessment methods that aid in detecting the presence of psychotic phenomena. Practicing psychiatrists, psychologists, social workers, and psychiatric nurses will find this a valuable resource for clinical practice, training, and teaching purposes.
The role of BACH1, BARD1 and TOPBP1 genes in familial breast cancer
The susceptibility of Betula pendula and B. pubescens saplings to stem spot disease on different soils
Cortical thickness analysis in early diagnostics of Alzheimer's disease
Dupuytren's disease is a Caucasian male-dominant disease that affects the palmar fascia. Incidence grows with age, but persons with strong diathesis seem to develop the disease at an earlier age than the majority of the diseased. Myofibroblasts are histopathologically the main cell type in DD tissue. Despite scientific research, the aetiology of the disease is still unrevealed. Only genetic susceptibility is generally accepted as predisposing to DD. Available treatment has thus far been unsatisfactory, because only symptoms can be cured to date.The disease recurs. With genetic susceptibility the recurrence rates are high (even up to 70%) and the time to recurrence is inevitably shorter. This behaviour is considered the aggressive type of DD. To be able to predict the behaviour of DD, whether it is an aggressive or conventional type, twenty-one Dupuytren samples were gathered and compared with five controls by means of immunohistochemical stainings. It was found that cellularity was better expresented in aggressive and recurred samples. Alfa-SMA and Ki-67 showed more activity in the aggressive tissue type of DD. Tenascin was vaguely expressed in aggressive-type samples.To compare the gene and protein expressions and to obtain a more profound understanding of the disease, a microarray technique was used. With a microarray it is possible to compare nucleotide pair hybridisations to resolve the genome of the tissues. In this study RT-PCR was used to examine mRNA levels to determine gene expression changes. Twelve DD palmar fascia samples were compared with three healthy control samples. Both myoglobin and ROR2, which we considered as the most valuable results, were found in the DD samples. ROR2 acts as a receptor or co-receptor for the Wnt system. The Wnt signalling pathway transfers signals from outside of the cell through cell surface receptors, and plays a significant role in proliferation processes such as in fibrotic conditions. To evaluate a possible chromosomal imbalance behind the aetiology of the disease, eighteen DD palmar fascia samples were compared with two reference samples. However, we were not able to detect any chromosomal imbalance in the DD samples. The method used was Oligonucleotide aCGH Agilent's 60-mer oligonucleotide-based microarray according to the manufacturer's instructions, which can reveal gains and losses of approximately 35 kilobases in the whole genome. The result does not exclude copy number changes entirely; a small presence of aberrant cells will not be detected if the change is less than 50%.In conclusion, we revealed elements in DD tissue that would enable us to predict the nature of the disease; whether the disease is aggressive with a stronger tendency to recur. Histological differences could be detected, and this can be used to benefit patients. As a new element, ROR2 was discovered in DD tissue. The genome-wide analysis with the 44K oligonucleotide-based array method revealed no changes of DNA number sequences.
Assessing psychosis : a clinician's guide
<em>PALB2</em> and <em>RAP80</em> genes in hereditary breast cancer predisposition
Genetic risk factors for intervertebral disc degeneration
Obesity, physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness in young adulthood : studies in Finnish twins
The effects of air pollution on provenances of Scots pine and Norway spruce in northern Finland
Catechol-O-methyltransferase and pain in rodents and humans
Incidence and risk factors for falls in the elderly : with special reference to recurrent falls
Studies on causes of multiple sclerosis : from genes to transcriptome
The role of interleukin 18 gene polymorphism in the development of atherosclerosis
Perinatal factors as predictors of brain damage and neurodevelopmental outcome : study of children born very preterm
BRCA/Fanconi anemia pathway genes in hereditary predisposition to breast cancer
Evolution of hermaphroditic mating systems in animals
AMIGO-Kv2.1 potassium channel complex : identification and association with schizophrenia-related phenotypes
The search for susceptibility genes in lumbar disc degeneration : focus on young individuals
Hereditary predisposition to breast cancer : with a focus on AATF, MRG15, PALB2, and three Fanconi anaemia genes
Fault-proneness of open source software: Exploring its relations to internal software quality and maintenance process
Type 2 diabetes : methods and protocols
Type i family history and gad autoantibodies in subjects without diabetes and patients with type 2 diabetes: prevalence and association with insulin deficiency and development of diabetes
Genetic susceptibility factors for prostate cancer at chromosomal region 11q13.5
Resting state brain networks in young people with familial risk for psychosis
An anthropology of biomedicine
Interplay of genetic and environmental triggers in intestinal inflammation : genetics and transcriptomics in celiac disease and inflammatory bowel disease
Genetic background of spontaneous preterm birth and lung diseases in preterm infants : studies of potential susceptibility genes and polymorphisms
