http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22351 ecological character
ecological character
Eco luxury : fashion and conscience
Fundamentals of lighting
Sustainability : in interior design
Green bride guide : how to create an earth-friendly wedding on any budget
Green is the new black : how to change the world with style
LAND/ART : New Mexico
In the summer and fall of 2009 a group of New Mexico arts organizations joined together to present LAND/ART, a large-scale collaboration, which explored the relationship between land, art, and community through exhibitions, site-specificart works, lectures, and performances. Focusing on "environmental" or "Land" art, the collaboration addressed our changing relationship to nature, and to offer a new or previously unconsidered understanding of the places in which we live. This book is the culmination and documentation of this six-month, and features the work of over forty artists including Michael Berman, Erika Blumenfeld, David Taylor, Basia Irland, Patrick Dougherty, Catalina Delgado Trunk, and Shelley Niro.
True food : seasonal, sustainable, simple, pure
Green is beautiful : the eco-friendly house
Environmental practices at Nokia
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 02/2008, [Reform of the revolution]
Eco-beautiful : the ultimate guide to natural beauty and wellness
Eco-house manual
Alice Waters and Chez Panisse : the romantic, impractical, often eccentric, ultimately brilliant making of a food revolution
Steps Towards More Sustainable Fabrications : Case Arbor Collective
Ideas : nature
The elephant and the bee
When changing a lightbulb just isn't enough
Green business : an a-to-z guide
Radical simplicity : small footprints on a finite earth
Ecotourism and the community participation
Summary.
Ecological Promises and Execution in hotel chains. Case: Restel Cumulus and Scandic
Housing reclaimed : sustainable homes for next to nothing
Ecopolis : revealing and enhancing sustainable design
A practical guide to LCA for students, designers and business managers
Slow fashion : aesthetics meets ethics
Green Cleaning for Dummies
The eco-friendly house : green is beautiful
Good green kitchens : the ultimate resource for creating a beautiful, healthy, eco-friendly kitchen
The life-cycle of pharmaceuticals in the environment
Albert Speer & Partners: a manifesto for sustainable cities: think local, act global
Design ecologies : essays on the nature of design
Sustainable supply chain management in food industry : German organic markets
Slow Fashion offers creatives, entrepreneurs, and ethical consumers alike a glimpse into the innovative world of the eco-concept store movement, sustainable design, and business that puts people, livelihoods and sustainability central to everything they do. Safia Minney argues that the future of brick and mortar retail is in the best in fair trade, sustainable, and organic products, together with vintage, second hand, and local produce. Restorative economics, the well-being of our planet, and our bodies and minds can be inspired by this growing sector, one that is shaping big business. This book curates pioneering people and projects that will inspire you to be part of the change.
Urban eco chic : how to create an eco-friendly home without compromising on style
Sustainable by design : explorations in theory and practice
Cool hunting green
Sustainable homes
Invisible nature : healing the destructive divide between people and the environment
Sustainable fashion : new approaches
Practical self sufficiency : the complete guide to sustainable living
What makes us environmentally friendly? : social psychological studies on environmental concern, components of morality and emotional connectedness to nature
Alternative food geographies : representation and practice
How green is my library?
When the author, a Columbia professor, set out to solve America's food, water, and energy crises, he didn't just think big, he thought up. His stroke of genius, the vertical farm, has excited scientists, architects, and politicians around the globe. These multi-story intensely managed indoor farms, grown inside skyscrapers, are capable of producing traditional greenhouse crops, as well as pigs and fowl, year-round. They would provide solutions to many of the serious problems the world is facing.
Rethinking the green state : environmental governance towards climate and sustainability transitions
Green wedding book : plan an elegant, affordable, earth-friendly wedding
EcoDesign : the sourcebook
Eco tycoon simulator : project green : PC CD-ROM
Strategies for the green economy : opportunities and challenges in the new world of business
The green craft : 52 eco-friendly projects for every week of the year
Eco house manual
Moralische Fantasien : aktuelle Positionen zeitgenössischer Kunst in Zusammenhang mit der Klimaerwärmung = Moral imagination current positions in contemporary art in the face of global warming
Best practices in ecological sanitation projects : Case: Development project in Zambia
Green rooms : over 100 eco-friendly and ethical escapes around the world
Green beauty recipes : easy homemade recipes to make your own natural & organic skincare, hair care, and body care products
Wild design : ecofriendly innovations inspired by nature; based on the Ecomimicry project
Beyond green:/ : [sustainability & fashion]
Ecosystems, society, and health : pathways through diversity, convergence, and integration
Creating opportunities for interaction in the English classroom through drama
Dutch herring : an environmental history, c. 1600-1860
EcoDesign 12 : made of wood
Green wedding : planning your eco-friendly celebration
Green technologies in food production and processing
Dig that garden, save the planet : your first steps to becoming an eco-gatdner
Redux offers a host of solutions for creating a green home with recycled, reused, and environmentally healthy materials, whether remodeling, redecorating, or building from the ground up. This book combines extensive salvage use with the larger goal of efficiency and environmentalism--and the results are simply stunning.--
Green Manufacturing Processes and Systems
Fashion : prêt-à-porter, haute couture, street wear, casual
Crafts for styling your wardrobe
Soil quality and biofuel production
Simple steps to green meeting and events : the professional's guide to saving money and the earth
Rural tourism development as main contributor to economic growth in municipality of Okučani, Croatia
A small key can open a large door : the Rojava revolution
Structural conditions of natural resource management : understanding the roles of complexity, control and evolution in societal resource use
Ecological plastic materials and their suitability for houseware applications
Tourism and trails : cultural, ecological and management issues
The philosophy of sustainable design : the future of architecture
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 01/2007, Re-founding the European Union?
The urban homestead : your guide to self-sufficient living in the heart of the city
Eco school house : a documentary film
Ecology and design : frameworks for learning
The well-tempered city : what modern science, ancient civilizations, and human nature teach us about the future of urban life
Businesses have a responsibility to conform to continuously tightened environmental laws and regulations as well as deliver more ecological products and services to an environmentally conscious target market. As the hotel lobby serves as the first on-site experience to a customer entering a hotel, the thesis scope on implementing a green philosophy was narrowed to this area. Focus was on the functional tangible elements of the lobby's service design. In order to investigate and answer the research question: 'how should green philosophy be implemented in hotel lobbies', hotels which had been granted the Swan label by SFS Ecolabelling were chosen as the population of the research. These hotels readily implemented environmental criteria to reduce their impact on the environment and perhaps could serve an example of the thesis topic.     The research population was located in Helsinki metropolitan area of Finland. The research was carried out in two parts. A questionnaire was made by using a web based program for collection of more detailed data on products and equipment used in lobby premises. The main research was the observational research done on-site in the hotel lobbies of population which had agreed on the visit. For this part of the research photographs were taken of the tangible elements which reflected, or did not reflect ecological values. Most of the research was qualitative but the quantitative nature of the research questionnaire could not be overlooked and therefore also included a small quantitative element. Factors of research were mostly based on Swan label criteria relevant to hotel lobbies.    Results indicated that hotel lobbies have not been given much attention in fulfilling environmental criteria and implementing a green philosophy had room for improvement. A GREENBOOK check-list was written into the appendix to give guidance to management in implementing a green philosophy in the hotel lobbies. Several factors must be considered in developing more ecological lobbies including recycling, energy- and water-consumption as well as ergonomics. Service flow and safety are not to be forgotten. The scope of the thesis could have covered developing an entire hotel, but would have been overwhelmingly broad as a thesis topic. Ideas which derived for further research can be examined in the concluding chapters.
Abstract: The aim of my research is to look for means to reduce the ink and paper consumption in printing. Previously, all text documents or in this case specifically final year thesis papers' were printed without the awareness of the number of papers used and ink consumed. This thesis leans towards green technology based systems of printing which can be termed as  sustainable printing that can benefit the environment and the cost of production for that case. In the 21th century, global warming and climate changes have been the biggest issues addressed. The emission of a greenhouse gas during the production process of printing  pollutes our environment. Printing is the 3rd largest industry while pulp and paper is the 3rd largest industrial polluter of our environment. This study case explores the impact of printing on the environment and looks for means to reduce it. Ink and paper savings not only save us money but also our environment and native natural resources. Different  online tools such as InkSaver 2.0, ecoPrint2 Pro Ink and Paper Saver, and Ecofont have been analyzed. This research is based on the current thesis guidelines of media engineering students at Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences. I have attempted to modify the thesis  guidelines for saving ink and paper by applying techniques such as choosing the right inkeconomical typeface, a smaller font size, margin and line spacing. Finally, I have tested  the usability of the modified document. This research shows that the modification of typographic parameters and page layout of a document could save us paper and ink.
Eco chic : the savvy shopper's guide to ethical fashion
Eco-friendly crafting with kids : 35 step-by-step projects for preschool kids and adults to create together
Redux : designs that reuse, recycle, and reveal
The main factors influencing green consumer’s purchasing behavior in Chinese clothing market Case RYB
Revolution in Rojava : democratic autonomy and women's liberation in Syrian Kurdistan
No impact man : the adventures of a guilty liberal who attempts to save the planet and the discoveries he makes about himself and our way of life in the process
Aesthetics of sustainable architecture
Green gone wrong : dispatches from the front lines of eco-capitalism
New eco-style graphics
Ecotheology and the practice of hope
Eco-effective fashion theory : how to implement the Cradle to Cradle® concept into fashion and clothing design?: the designer's professional, economic, social and enviromental role
Energy consumption of workstations and external devices in school of business and information technology
Practical green remodeling : down-to-earth solutions for everyday homes
Ink and paper saving for sustainable printing
Ecodesign of hybrid paperboard tray : sustainable and eco- appearance in packaging
Green architecture : environmentally friendly housing
Living standards and changing expectations : investigating domestic necessity and environmental sustainability in an affluent society
Smart green : how to implement sustainable business practices in any industry - and make money
Guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from inland capture fisheries = Directives pour l'étiquetage écologique du poisson et des produits des pêches de capture continentales = Directrices para el ecoetiquetado de pescado y productos pesqueros de la pesca de captura continental
The vertical farm : feeding the world in the 21st century
No impact man : saving the planet one family at a time
Natural building
Ethical and ecological clothing : Finnish consumer's perspective
Your own eco-electrical home power system
The edge of extinction : travels with enduring people in vanishing lands
Green design : from theory to practice
Citizen engineer : a handbook for socially responsible engineering
Green guide for artists : nontoxic recipes, green art ideas, and resources for the eco-concious artist
Green supply and demand on the logistics market
Ecological intelligence : the coming age of radical transparency
The eco worrier's handbook : finding the wood while saving the tree
Promoting natural materials
Green design : creative, sustainable designs for the twenty-first century
Environmental sustainability in North European hotel business
Eco-fashion, a trend or commercially sustainable future?
Atlas of eco architecture = Atlas der Ökologischen architektur = Eco-architectuuratlas
EcoDesign 10 -näyttelyluettelo = EcoDesign 10 exbition catalogue
Making it : radical home ec for a post-consumer world
Clean home, green home : the complete illustrated guide to eco-friendly homekeeping
Asphalt to ecosystems : design ideas for schoolyard transformation
Creating green roadways : integrating cultural, natural, and visual resources into transportation
Report of the FAO Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products From Inland Capture Fisheries : Rome, 25-27 May 2010.
Nutrient analysis of a dry toilet compost leachate  : Case study of an allotment garden
Human and nature minding automation : an overview of concepts, methods, tools and applications
In 2005 the Twenty-sixth Session of the Committee on Fisheries (COFI) adopted FAO Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries, and at the same time recommended that FAO prepare international guidelines on the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from inland fisheries. In response FAO convened an Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries in 2006. After considering the initial draft Guidelines produced by the 2006 Expert Consultation, COFI, at its Twenty-seventh Session, recommended that FAO undertake further work in relation to the minimum substantive requirements and criteria for both marine and inland capture fisheries and in 2008 FAO convened an Expert Consultation to address these issues. The 2008 Expert Consultation proposed revisions to the marine guidelines and draft inland guidelines and it requested further clarification on definitions and scope of the inland capture fishery guidelines, especially in regards to enhanced inland fisheries. The COFI Sub-Committee on Trade (COFI:FT) at its Eleventh Session recommended that an Expert Consultation be convened to address these issues and the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI agreed that further work was needed. The Expert Consultation on the Development of Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries was convened in Rome, 25-27 May 2010. The Expert Consultation reviewed the Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries (Revision 1) adopted by the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI and published by FAO in 2009, the report of the Expert Consultation on the FAO Guidelines for Ecolabelling Capture Fisheries (2008), the report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries (2006) and a background paper prepared by an FAO consultant that synthesized main points from the above documents. The Expert Consultation reviewed and refined draft Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries for consideration by the Twenty-ninth Session of COFI. The draft Guidelines follow closely the structure, language and conceptual approach of the revised Marine Guidelines. Many changes to the draft Guidelines primarily relate to the scope and minimum substantive requirements for ecolabelling inland capture fisheries, especially regarding enhanced fisheries. Aquaculture and enhanced fisheries that are solely dependent on material originating from aquaculture were excluded from the scope of the guidelines.
Environmentally responsible design : green and sustainable design for interior designers
Non-toxic printmaking
Authentic wine : toward natural and sustainable winemaking
Implementing a green philosophy in hotel lobbies, Finland
Getting down to earth : practical applications of ecological economics
Houses : modern natural, natural modern
Design for the real world : human ecology and social change
