http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22328 exorcism
exorcism
The possession at Loudun
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 6, The scapegoat
A number of cases of serious child abuse have resulted from beliefs that children may be possessed by evil spirits and may then be given the power to bewitch others. Misfortune, failure, illness and even death may be blamed on them. The 'cure', nowadays called deliverance rather than exorcism, is to expel the spirits, sometimes by violent means. This book draws together contributions on aspects of possession and witchcraft from leading academics and expert practitioners in the field. It has been put together following conferences held by Inform, a charity that provides accurate information on new religions as a public service. There is no comparable information publicly available; this book is the first of its kind. Eileen Barker, founder of 'Inform', introduces the subject and Inform's deputy director goes on to detail the requests Inform has answered in recent years on the subject of children, possession and witchcraft. This book offers an invaluable resource for readers, whether academic or practitioner - particularly those in the fields of the safeguarding of children, and their education, health and general welfare.
The dark sacrament : true stories of modern-day demon possession and exorcism
The new golden bough : a new abridgment of the classic work
In the name of Jesus : exorcism among early Christians
A celebration of demons : exorcism and the aesthetics of healing in Sri Lanka
Between worlds : dybbuks, exorcists, and early modern Judaism
From 1400 through 1700, the number of reports of demonic possessions among European women was extraordinarily high. During the same period, a new type of mysticism - popular with women - emerged that greatly affected the risk of possession and, as a result, the practice of exorcism. Many feared that in moments of rapture women who had surrendered their souls to divine love were not experiencing the work of angels, but rather the ravages of demons in disguise. So how then, asks Moshe Sluhovsky, were practitioners of exorcism to distinguish demonic from divine possessions? Drawing on unexplored accounts of mystical schools and spiritual techniques, testimonies of the possessed, and exorcism manuals, "Believe Not Every Spirit" examines how early modern Europeans dealt with this dilemma. The personal experiences of practitioners, Sluhovsky shows, trumped theological knowledge. Worried that this could lead to a rejection of Catholic rituals, the church reshaped the meaning and practices of exorcism, transforming this healing rite into a means of spiritual interrogation. In its efforts to distinguish between good and evil, the church developed important new explanatory frameworks for the relations between body and soul, interiority and exteriority, and the natural and supernatural.
A head full of ghosts
The anti-witch
Spirits in politics : uncertainties of power and healing in African societies
The possessed and the dispossessed : spirits, identity, and power in a Madagascar migrant town
Christian healing after the New Testament : some approaches to illness in the second, third, and fourth centuries
An exorcist : more stories
The stars never rise
Who do my opponents say I am? : an investigation of the accusations against Jesus
Folklore and ethnicity : expanding boundaries
Deliver us from evil : interpreting the redemption from the power of Satan in New Testament theology
Folklore in Northwest China
Summoning the spirits : possession and invocation in contemporary religion
Beliefs in witchcraft and demons still shape many societies and seem to be increasing rather than disappearing with modernization and urbanization. Witch hunts in Africa and Asia show the scope of the problem. The deliverance practices of pentecostal and charismatic churches are widely controversial and their effects are rather ambiguous. The contributions in this volume, written by experts and practitioners from four continents, analyze these phenomena from the perspectives of intercultural theology, anthropology, and ethnology, and also describe the responses of Catholic and Protestant churches. (Series: Contributions to Mission Science / Intercultural Theology // Beitrage zur Missionswissenschaft / Interkulturellen Theologie - Vol. 32) [Subject: Anthropology, Ethnology, Sociology, Religious Studies]
An exorcist tells his story
The sacred self : a cultural phenomenology of charismatic healing
The flame never dies
A Swedish female folk healer from the beginning of the 18th century
Possession, demoniacal and other, among primitive races, in antiquity, the Middle Ages, and modern times
Witchcraft, demons and deliverance : a global conversation on an intercultural challenge
Deliverance from evil spirits : a practical manual
The devil within : possession and exorcism in the Christian West
Oedipus and the devil : witchcraft, sexuality and religion in early modern Europe
Treasury of witchcraft
Religion against the self : an ethnography of Tamil rituals
Exorcism and enlightenment : Johann Joseph Gassner and the demons of eighteenth-century Germany
Shepherds and demons : a study of exorcism as practised and understood by shepherds in the Malagacy Lutheran Church
American exorcism : expelling demons in the land of plenty
The devils of Loudun
Believe not every spirit : possession, mysticism, & discernment in early modern Catholicism
Ainu, creed and cult
Ainu creed and cult
The devil's children : from spirit possession to witchcraft : new allegations that affect children
Jesus the healer
The Sa'dan-Toraja : a study of their social life and religion. 2, Rituals of the East and West
