http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22371 joint application system
joint application system
Reader's guide to the social sciences
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 20, REV - SER
Search engine society
Entrance to education
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 16, NEW - PER
Attracting and retaining customers in the internet
Encyclopedia of international development
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Africa south of the Sahara. Ed. 31. 2002.
The A to Z of Contemporary Germany
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
Political systems of the world
Handbook of sociology
Facts about Finland
The Blackwell dictionary of twentieth-century social thought
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 13, LE - MAO
Encyclopedia of twentieth-century African history
Encyclopedia of Islamic civilization and religion
Dictionary of critical realism
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 2, ARE - B
The Cambridge encyclopedia of Russia and the Soviet Union
The Sage handbook of the sociology of religion
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 9, FOR - G
South Asia 2007.
How to find information : social sciences
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 25, NAME INDEX
The SAGE encyclopedia of social science research methods
Africa handbook
The encyclopedia of the United Nations and international agreements
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 4, COH - COU
The Indian Empire : its people, history and products
The Cambridge encyclopedia of Russia and the former Soviet Union
International encyclopedia of the social and behavioral sciences
The Joint Higher Education Library in Lahti : Confluencing for Academic Knowledge - Supporting the Development of Information Literacy from Upper Secondary School to Higher Education
Encyclopedia of social theory
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 26, SUBJECT INDEX
Life in Estonia : handbook
Introduction to Finland 1960
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 3, C - COG
The Oxford companion to Irish history
Facts about German
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 11, I - INT
Handbook of research on social studies teaching and learning : a project of the National Council for the social studies
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 5, CR - DEU
Denmark : an official handbook
Information services today : an introduction
The Russian's world : life and language
The Cambridge encyclopedia of India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Bhutan, and the Maldives
The Russian context : the culture behind the language
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 18, PRI - Q
Facts about Germany
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 14, MAR - MIN
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 7, EFF - EV
French culture and society
The dictionary of important ideas and thinkers
A dictionary of British institutions : a student's guide
Encyclopedia of China today
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 15, MIS - NEU
Complete A-Z sociology handbook
Reader's guide to the social sciences. 2
Encyclopedia of nationalism. Vol. 2, Leaders, movements, and concepts
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 10, H
Standard dictionary of the social sciences = Standardwörterbuch für die Sozialwissenschaften. Vol. 1, English-German = Englisch-Deutsch
Oxford guide to British and American culture
Dictionary of ethics, theology and society
A world of ideas : a dictionary of important theories, concepts, beliefs and thinkers
POLITICAL SYSTEMS OF THE WORLD
Pathways for communication : books and libraries in the information age
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences
The Joint Higher Education Library in Lahti : Supporting the Development of Information Literacy from Upper Secondary School to Higher Education
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 6, DEV - EDU
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 21, SET- SOM
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 23, SY - UNO
German culture and society : the essential glossary
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 19, R - RET
The social science encyclopedia. Vol. 2, L-Z
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 12, INV - LA
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 8, EX - FOO
Dictionary of qualitative inquiry
The Cambridge handbook of contemporary China
Encyclopedia of Mongolia and the Mongolian empire
Encyclopedia of Cuba : people, history, culture
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 22, SOU - SU
The search : the inside story of how Google and its rivals changed everything
A dictionary of the social sciences
Library hi tech : Helsinki
The Baltic states : a reference book
Encyclopedia of modern Asia
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 24, UR - Z
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 17, PES - PRE
The social science encyclopedia
