http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22358 Mennonites
Mennonites
John Howard Yoder : Mennonite patience, evangelical witness, Catholic convictions
Outside the world : cohesion and deviation among Old Colony Mennonites in Bolivia
The ethics of knowing in the writings of Rudy Wiebe
The Anabaptist idea and the way of practicing care : reconsidering the meaning of life in the 21st century
Irma Voth
Meeting in Stuttgart, Germany, in 2010, the Eleventh Assembly of the Lutheran World Federation (LWF) asked for forgiveness from members of the Anabaptist/Mennonite tradition for the wrongs going back to the beginnings of the Lutheran movement in the sixteenth century that had led to painful divisions between the two Christian families. The Mennonites accepted this apology and both communities committed themselves to move toward reconciliation. On the threshold of the 500th anniversary of the Reformation, this publication brings together two reports: »Healing Memories: Reconciling in Christ« by the Lutheran-Mennonite International Study Commission and »Bearing Fruit – Implications of the 2010 Reconciliation between Lutherans and Mennonites/Anabaptists« by the LWF Task Force on Mennonite Action.
Migrant muses : Mennonite's writing in the U.S
The Amish wedding and other special occasions of the old order communities
Elfrieda, a world-renowned pianist, glamorous, wealthy, happily married: she wants to die. Yolandi, divorced, broke, sleeping with the wrong men as she tries to find true love: she desperately wants to keep her older sister alive. But Elf's latest suicide attempt is a shock: she is three weeks away from the opening of her highly anticipated international tour. Can she be nursed back to "health" in time? Does it matter? As the situation becomes ever more complicated, Yoli faces the most terrifying decision of her life.
All my puny sorrows
Surplus at the border : Mennonite writing in Canada
Redemption
Strangers at home : Amish and Mennonite women in history
Christian attitudes to war, peace, and revolution
Landscapes beyond land : routes, aesthetics, narratives
John Howard Yoder was one of the most important thinkers on just war and pacifism in the late twentieth century. This collection of Yoder's lectures and writings on these issues describes, analyzes, and evaluates various patterns of thought and practice in Western Christian history. --from publisher description.
Diaspora in the countryside : two mennonite communities and mid-twentieth-century rural disjuncture
For the reputation of truth : politics, religion, and conflict among the Pennsylvania Quakers, 1750-1800
Selling the Amish : the tourism of nostalgia
Healing Memories : implications of the reconciliation between Lutherans and Mennonites
Mennonites in early modern Poland and Prussia
Becoming missional : denominations and new church development in complex social contexts
