http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22366 intimidation
intimidation
'Do you need my help?' It was always the first question he asked. They called him when they had nowhere else to turn. As a boy he was chosen, then taken from the orphanage he called home. Raised and trained as part of a top secret programme he was sent to the worst places in the world to do the things his government denied any knowledge of. Then he broke with the programme, using everything he'd learned to disappear. He wanted to help the desperate and deserving. But now someone's on his tail. Someone who has issues with his past. Someone who knows he was once known simply as Orphan X.
Bomb threat : a guide to bomb threat awareness for organizations
The Julius house
The Tinder box
The hummingbird
Depraved heart
Calvary
Twilight watch
Ca$h'n guns : second edition
High noon
"I will send badass viruses." Peer threats and the interplay of pretend frames in a classroom dispute
The brethren
Beat the reaper : a novel
The deadly dance
The fear index
Pretty little liars
The Brethren
Big mouth & ugly girl
The summons
Against our will : men, women and rape
The bodyguard
Fear index
Quitters, Inc
Urn burial : a Phryne Fisher mystery
Dead letters : an inspector Best mystery
The drowning
Scarred for life
Five years after her husband's murder, Laurie Moran, an award-winning TV producer and single mother, starts filming a new "cold case" series in which four women involved in the unsolved murder of a wealthy Westchester matron reunite to recreate the scene of the crime -- along with the real killer / WorldCat.
The travelers : a novel
Think of a number
Dandy Gilver and the unpleasantness in the ballroom
Night fall : a novel
The namesake
The dead place : a Cooper & Fry mystery
Among the mad : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Blacklight blue
The Vendetta defence
Grand piano
In a mega-stakes, high-suspense race against time, three of the most unlikely and winning heroes Stephen King has ever created try to stop a lone killer from blowing up thousands.  In the frigid pre-dawn hours, in a distressed Midwestern city, hundreds of desperate unemployed folks are lined up for a spot at a job fair. Without warning, a lone driver plows through the crowd in a stolen Mercedes, running over the innocent, backing up, and charging again. Eight people are killed; fifteen are wounded. The killer escapes.  In another part of town, months later, a retired cop named Bill Hodges is still haunted by the unsolved crime. When he gets a crazed letter from someone who self-identifies as the "perk" and threatens an even more diabolical attack, Hodges wakes up from his depressed and vacant retirement, hell-bent on preventing another tragedy.  Brady Hartfield lives with his alcoholic mother in the house where he was born. He loved the feel of death under the wheels of the Mercedes, and he wants that rush again. Only Bill Hodges, with a couple of highly unlikely allies, can apprehend the killer before he strikes again. And they have no time to lose, because Brady's next mission, if it succeeds, will kill or maim thousands
As black as ebony
The player
The twilight watch
The caller
Not dead yet
Dawn of the dragonslayer
The discreet hero
Nothing But The Truth
Career of evil : [a Cormoran Strike novel]
Combating cult mind control
