http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22362 hospitality
hospitality
Secretary of the invisible : the idea of hospitality in the fiction of J. M. Coetzee
Discovering hospitality and tourism : the world's greatest industry
The spaces of others - heterotopic spaces: practicing and theorizing hospitality and counter-conduct beyond the religion/secular border
Service : a guide for professionals
The return to hospitality : strangers, guests, and ambiguous encounters
And you welcomed me : a sourcebook on hospitality in early Christianity
Entrepreneurship & small business management in the hospitality industry
Disruptive tourism and its untidy guests : alternative ontologies for future hospitalities
Hospitality and treachery in Western literature
CouchSurfing : experiences, reputation, references and decision-making in an online hospitality network
Monastic hospitality : the Benedictines in England, c. 1070-c. 1250
"Disruptive Tourism and its Untidy Guests" envisions alternative arrangements of social life by welcoming 'the untidy guest' to discourses, theories and philosophies of tourism. Written by an author collective with backgrounds in philosophy, sociology, tourism, hospitality and development studies, the book transfers the focus of tourism theories away from managing sustainability and toward alternative -- disruptive -- ontologies and epistemologies for future tourist hospitalities and mobilities. The co-authors 'mess around' with tourism studies by invoking the radical potentialities of 'untidiness'. Tourism and the host-guest relations it entails are explored by means of deliberately untidy concepts: camping, parasites, silence, unlearning and serendipities. Instead of trying to manage or tidy up tourist situations and encounters, Disruptive Tourism and its Untidy Guests embraces the messiness of human relations and argues for more creative, embodied and ethical ontologies of tourism, hospitality and mobility.
There are original facilities or accommodations to stay in vacation in each country. Japanese stay at ryokan, Finnish stay at cottage. The purpose of this study was to explore background, similarities and differences between ryokan and Finnish cottage and to consider the possibility to open ryokan in Finland or Finnish cottage in Japan. The data was collected from a survey of 66 members (Japanese, Finnish and international people) and qualitative data. The qualitative data consists of interviews, observation in accommodations, and literature. The data was analyzed using respondents' answers, opinions from survey and interviews, and observation in qualitative data. The majority of respondents stated that they do not have experience in staying at ryokan or Finnish cottage because they did not have a chance to visit there during the short stays in the country, and also because of the poor advertising. On one hand, they are interested in different culture and new things, but on the other hand, they keep their own culture or customs. The findings indicate that it is hard to bring identical things as-is in each other's country because of difference of background and land in countries. However, it is possible to bring them by assimilating and fitting both cultures to take into account different particularities of the countries. Key words: Leisure, hospitality, different culture, accommodation, Finnish cottage, ryokan (traditional Japanese accommodation)
The conditions of hospitality : ethics, politics, and aesthetics on the threshold of the possible
Cutting-edge hospitality
Social Media and Internet Tools in the Hospitality Marketing
Becoming intimately mobile
Eating together : food, friendship, and inequality
There but for the
CouchSurfers' motivations to host travelers in Spain
Nowadays, the success of every company or organization depends on the satisfaction of its customers. This is especially obvious in the hospitality sector. The success of a company operating in the hospitality environment has a direct relation to customer satisfaction with its ability to satisfy customers need. The hospitality industry was chosen for this thesis because it covers most activities within customer care, which will be easy to measure at customer satisfaction level. Also the choice of Peacock City Hotel as a case study was due to several reasons such as, its reputation and credibility of being a four star hotel in Tanzania, and also because the writer of the thesis believed it could serve as a sources of learning material. The study aimed especially to find out and analyze what customer satisfaction level of service was delivered at Peacock City hotel (PCH) and the strategies used by the management to ensure customer satisfaction level in service delivery of the hotel. The case study design was used to conduct the study information in order to fulfill the purpose of the study. This thesis is a quantitative research, and the main sources of data collection methods are primary and secondary data collection. Primary data collection methods were face to face interviews with employees, observations of hotel services and operations, as well as a questionnaire designed for hotel guests and management. Secondary data was collected from articles, journals, books and websites. SERVQUAL tool was used to measure customer satisfaction level. The study findings have shown that to ensure customer satisfaction it is important to concentrate on service delivery; the management should identify the needs of the customers; motivate the employees and collect feedback from customers. The study findings show also that there is a medium level of customer satisfaction with service provided by the hotel. In order to improve customer satisfaction level, the study finally provides some recommendations for the management of Peacock City Hotel for improving its service quality in order to achieve a higher level of customer satisfaction.
Spas : the cultural economy of hospitality, magic and the senses
Mobilizing hospitality : the ethics of social relations in a mobile world
In search of hospitality : theoretical perspectives and debates
Sleeping Around : A couch surfing tour of the globe
From the room 208 to your place
Meet the Finns!
Investigations for a small business development in the field of hotel industry in Finland
I was a stranger : a Christian theology of hospitality
Sustainable development plan in hospitality : Muong Thanh Vinh Hotel
CouchSurfing - a choice for travellers
Suggestions for service development for british and russian customers : case Lapland Hotel Sky Ounasvaara
Ethics of hospitality - participatory tourism encounters in the Northern Highlands of Nicaragua
Can social unequals be friends? : Western tourists and their Maghrebi hosts negotiate moral ambiguity
The origins of hospitality and tourism
Managing quality service in hospitality : how organizations achieve excellence in the guest experience
Event planning : ethics and etiquette : a principled approach to the business of special event management
Hostmanship : the art of making people feel welcome
Make yourself at home : Kunsthal Charlottenborg, 4. september til 21. november 2010 = 4 September to 21 November, 2010 / tekst = text: Koyo Kouoh ... [et al.] ; et samarbete mellem Kunsthal Charlottenborg og CKU (Center for Kultur og Udvikling) = a partnership between Kunsthal Charlottenborg and DCCD (Danish Centre for Culture and Development)
Divine visitations and hospitality to strangers in Luke-Acts : an interpretation of the Malta episode in Acts 28:1-10
Community of the future : challenges and new approaches to community based social work and diaconia from the CABLE approach
Marketing for hospitality and tourism
Hospitality as holiness : Christian witness amid moral diversity
The gift of the other : Levinas, Derrida, and a theology of hospitality
Introducing hospitality
Enlightenment hospitality : cannibals, harems and adoption
Receive one another : hospitality in Ecumenical perspective
Imagine you give a dinner party and a friend of a friend brings a stranger to your house as his guest. He seems pleasant enough. Imagine that this stranger goes upstairs halfway through the dinner party and locks himself in one of your bedrooms and won't come out. Imagine you can't move him for days, weeks, months. If ever. This is what Miles does, in a chichi house in the historic borough of Greenwich, in the year 2009-10, in "There but for the". Who is Miles, then? And what does it mean, exactly, to live with other people? Sharply satirical and sharply compassionate, with an eye to the meanings of the smallest of words and the slightest of resonances, "There but for the" fuses disparate perspectives in a crucially communal expression of identity and explores our very human attempts to navigate between despair and hope, enormity and intimacy, cliche and grace. Ali Smith's dazzling new novel is a funny, moving book about time, memory, thought, presence, quietness in a noisy time, and the importance of hearing ourselves think.
CouchSurfing : a choice for travellers
Hospitality and Islam : welcoming in God's name
Human resource management for the hospitality and tourism industry
Derrida and hospitality : theory and practice
Ryokan vs finnish cottage : case study of traditional Japanese accommondation and finnish cottage accommondation
Impact of the Internet on Tourism and Hospitality in Kenya
Hospitality & society
Of hospitality : Anne Dufourmantelle invites Jacques Derrida to respond
Hospitality : a social lens
The objective of this thesis was to examine the thoughts and prejudices CouchSurfing evoke in people who had not previously heard of CouchSurfing. Additionally, the views expressed by people who had previously heard about the phenomenon were also studied. The aim was also to determine how these prejudices affected the behaviour of people. The purpose was to understand different aspects and give a more comprehensive picture of CouchSurfing through this thesis. The theoretical framework of the thesis was mainly based on the official CouchSurfing web pages but also various other Internet pages, as well as articles and literature on the topic. The study was conducted by means of a questionnaire sent by e-mail, i.e. distributed to people via Facebook, students of HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences and CouchSurfing members. The research methodology employed was quantitative. The questionnaire results were collected during the period of 28.10-12.11.2011. Altogether there were 407 answers; 52 from the people who heard about CouchSurfing for the first time and 355 from individuals who were aware of it or already members. The results indicated that the prejudices some people had beforehand changed even considerably however, of course there were also people who maintained their opinion. Mainly the biggest doubt concerned safety issues and trusting people. However, once people got to know the social network better they realized that there are several safety measures taken. Naturally, using common sense was also required. Various people were not aware of CouchSurfing beforehand, but the questionnaire seemed to evoke the curiosity and interest of some participants. In conclusion, the research questions set in the beginning were answered. There most likely will be more interest towards the project in the future. The most useful approach could be sharing personal experiences with people who showed interest towards CouchSurfing. By combining the information from the web site with shared experiences the knowledge would become more comprehensive.
Classics and the Bible : Hospitality and recognition
Customer satisfaction level in Peacock City Hotel
Introduction to hospitality
This study presents a coherent interpretation of the Malta episode by arguing that Acts 28:1-10 narrates a theoxeny, that is, an account of unknowing hospitality to a god which results in the establishment of a fictive kinship relationship between the Maltese barbarians and Paul and his God. In light of the connection between hospitality and piety to the gods in the ancient Mediterranean, Luke ends his second volume in this manner to portray Gentile hospitality as the appropriate response to Paul's message of God's salvation - a response that portrays them as hospitable exemplars within the Lukan narrative and contrasts them with the Roman Jews who reject Paul and his message.
Ethics of hospitality : participatory tourism encounters in the northern highlands of Nicaragua
Postcolonial hospitality : the immigrant as guest
Entertaining angels : early Christian hospitality in its Mediterranean setting
