http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22303 applied anthropology
applied anthropology
Differentiating development : beyond an anthropology of critique
Toward engaged anthropology
Hidden scholars : women anthropologists and the Native American Southwest
Visual interventions : applied visual anthropology
Applied anthropology : domains of application
Human organization
Applied anthropology
Grasping the changing world : anthropological concepts in the postmodern era
Classic anthropology : critical essays: 1944-1996
Institutional ethnography as practice
Adventures in Aidland : the anthropology of professionals in international development
Routledge companion to contemporary anthropology
Navigators of the contemporary : why ethnography matters
"The Vailala madness" and other essays
Local science vs. global science : approaches to indigenous knowledge in international development
Applied ethnography : guidelines for field research
Folklore : the basics
The possibilities of charting modern life : a symposium for ethnological research about modern time in Stockholm, March 1967
Applied anthropology : an introduction
Language and discrimination : a study of communication in multi-ethnic workplaces
Smart futures meet northern realities: anthropological perspectives on the design and adoption of urban computing
Kyǒngju things : assembling place
Anthropology put to work
Adventures in Aidland : the anthropology of professional international development
Ordering Africa : anthropology, European imperialism and the politics of knowledge
"Performing Objects and Theatrical Things rethinks historical and contemporary theatre, performance, and cultural events from the perspective of the objects and things that activate stages, venues, environments, and archives. Embracing methodologies from across the humanities and social sciences, we understand physical materials as actants, with particular frequencies, energies, and potentials to affect human and nonhuman worlds. The texts, stage properties, instruments, costumes, photographs, and detritus that animate this collection emerge from the thirteenth- to the twenty-first century, traversing sites across Europe and North America. Challenging anthropocentric narratives that foreground humans as sole agents, our authors present object and 'thingcentric' methodologies that range from deeply personal autoethnographic reflections and close textual readings to carefully researched archival studies and rhizomatic explorations of an object's journey from one place and time to another"--
Ideas and trends in world anthropology
’The site strikes back’: multi-level forest governance and participation in northern Finland
Cognition in practice : mind, mathematics and culture in everyday life
Anthropology and development
Outsider within : reworking anthropology in the global age
Applied anthropology in Canada : understanding aboriginal issues
The food and folklore reader
Anthropology and social change
Forget innovation : focus on value creation : success stories in human-centred innovation or how to create a new kind of value
This book asserts the relevance of mainstream anthropology to development processes and recognizes that contemporary development should be anthropology's principal area of study. It argues for a socio-anthropology of change and development that is a deeply empirical, multidimensional, diachronic study of social groups and their interactions. It provides a thought-provoking examination of the new approaches that have emerged in anthropology since the 1990s. It assesses the complexity of social change and development, and how socio-anthropology can tackle this complexity. It examines some of the key variables in the development process, including relations of production; the logics of social action; the nature of knowledge; forms of mediation; and 'political' strategies. Much of the empirical material is drawn from Africa
Anthropology and development : culture, morality and politics in a globalised world
Indigenous studies and engaged anthropology : the collaborative moment
Development anthropology
Performing objects and theatrical things
Human development in the twenty-first century : Visionary ideas from systems scientists
"In recent decades international development has grown into a world-shaping industry. But how do aid agencies work and what do they achieve? How does aid appear to those who receive it? And why has there been so little improvement in the position of the poor? Viewing aid and development from anthropological perspectives gives illuminating answers to questions such as these. This essential textbook reveals anthropologists' often surprising findings and details ethnographic case studies on the cultures of development. The authors use a fertile literature to examine the socio-political organisation of aid communities, agencies and networks as well as the judgements they make about each other. Exploring the spaces between policy and practice, success and failure, the future and the past, this book provides a rounded understanding of development work that suggests new moral and political possibilities for an increasingly globalised world"--
Social contexts of American ethnology, 1840-1984
Applied anthropology : tools and perspectives for contemporary practice
Transatlantic parallaxes : toward reciprocal anthropology
Ethnographic practice and public aid : methods and meanings in development cooperation
Visual anthropology has proven to offer fruitful methods of research and representation to applied projects of social intervention. Through a series of case studies based on applied visual anthropological work in a range of contexts - health and medicine, tourism and heritage, social development, conflict and disaster relief, community filmmaking and empowerment, and industry - this volume examines both the range of contexts in which applied visual anthropology is engages, and the methodological and theoretical issues it raises.
Anthropology and development : understanding contemporary social change
Elements of culture : an applied perspective
Applied anthropology in Canada : understanding Aboriginal issues
Smart futures meet northern realities : anthropological perspectives on the design and adoption of urban computing
Social anthropology and other essays
Applications of anthropology : professional anthropology in the twenty-first century
A groundbreaking, comprehensive anthology. Scholars have traced applied anthropology as far back as the classical age, when Greek rulers gathered data about neighbouring people in order to inform Greek foreign policy. Most anthropology ever since has had a practical focus: knowledge for the sake of knowledge is valuable; knowledge with practical applications is even more so. The authors focus on how the field of anthropology can best be utilised practically today. In making their arguments, they consider past, present, and future trends in applied anthropology, especially with regard to issues such as globalisation, ethnographic research, and governmental policies. This anthology focuses on how people can make their training in anthropology work for them in seemingly unrelated fields. Specific topics covered include: anthropology and development, the environment, agricultural anthropology, health and medicine, nutritional anthropology, displacement and resettlement, business and industry, anthropology applied to education, applied anthropology and the aged, and emerging trends in applied anthropology. Collects together contributions from key thinkers in the field. Looks at how anthropology can be applied practically to other disciplines.
Anthropological interest in new subjects of research and contemporary knowledge practices has turned ethnographic attention to a wide ranging variety of professional fields. Among these the encounter with international development has perhaps been longer and more intimate than any of the others. Anthropologists have drawn critical attention to the interfaces and social effects of development's discursive regimes but, oddly enough, have paid scant attention to knowledge producers themselves, despite anthropologists being among them, which is the focus of this volume. It concerns the construction and transmission of knowledge about global poverty and its reduction but is equally interested in the social life of development professionals, in the capacity of ideas to mediate relationships, in networks of experts and communities of aid workers, and in the dilemmas of maintaining professional identities. Going well beyond obsolete debates about 'pure' and 'applied' anthropology, the book examines the transformations that occur as social scientific concepts and practices cross and re-cross the boundary between anthropological and policy making knowledge.
World anthropologies : disciplinary transformations within systems of power
The Food and Folklore Reader is the first comprehensive introduction to folklore methods and concepts relevant to food. Mapping the study of food through key sources in folkloristics, the forty readings span the entire discipline: from seminal works on identity and aesthetics, to innovative scholarship on contemporary food issues such as food security and culinary tourism. The book also features: - Expert commentary and comprehensive introductions to each of the book's five parts by renowned folklorist and food scholar Lucy M. Long - Global coverage, with examples from the United States, Canada, Australia, Europe, Jewish and Filipino culture, and much more - Questions for discussion and suggestions for further reading – supporting learning and encouraging students to explore these ideas in their own work. Definitive in scale and scope, this book defines the field of food and folklore for a new generation of students. An essential resource for all students in food studies, folklore studies, cultural studies, and anthropology.
Applied anthropology : unexpected spaces, topics, and methods
Organizational ethnography : studying the complexity of everyday life
The institutional dynamics of culture : the new Durkheimians
Applying anthropology : an introductory reader
Fire in the dark : telling Gypsiness in North East England
The uses of anthropology
