http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22305 Web 2.0
Web 2.0
Go tweet yourself : 365 reasons why Twitter, Facebook, MySpace, and other social networking sites suck
Use of AAPO Social Workspace in a project-based work environment : a case study of an advertising agency
Introduction to Web 2.0
Social media explained : untangling the world's most misunderstood business trend
Social network services in mobile use
Hotel sales and revenue management book 2.0
Usability of web-based software products : usability evaluation methods and optimization techniques applied to web-based software
Web 2.0 security
Social media and their marketing influence, a necessity for the development of French SMEs?
How can companies build and maintain trust in social media?
Internet marketing for entrepreneurs : using Web 2.0 strategies for success
Web 2.0 technologies and applications
A more intriguing volunteer computing experience through Drupal and social technology
Swedish market entry strategy utilizing Internet marketing: the utilization of Internet marketing in a cost effective and efficient way to market a virtual world
Management assistant's guide to information seeking
Building a robust web application for an enterprise with symfony framework
Mastering web 2.0 : transform your business using key website and social media tools
All for one, one for all:organizational knowledge creation and utilization using a new generation of IT tools
Web 2.0 and beyond : principles and technologies
Radio's new wave : global sound in the digital era
Black metal 2.0 - the music has not changed but the scene has : The identity of the black metal scene in the global area of the Internet
Changes in the way work is conducted nowadays have changed significantly in the last years. Digitalisation, disruptions in workflows and challenges in communication have led to an unprecedented situation that requires people to be active on multiple channels to stay up to date on information. New social technologies have emerged in response to the changing work environment and working methods. The objective of this thesis was to study if there are any benefits or advantages in using a digital workspace service, AAPO Social Workspace, in a project-based work environment in the Commissioner organisation, Avalon Oy. This thesis aims to answer those questions in order for to gain researched data, and to further develop the service. The theoretical framework concerns the fundamentals of Web 2.0, digital workspaces and project management in general. This information provides the reader with an understanding of what the main functionalities in Web 2.0 are, and an understanding of project management and some of the aspects that need to be taken into consideration. Research data was collected through a survey that was conducted in the Commissioner organisation. The results suggest that using the service is of value and holds various benefits and advantages for the employees, including centralized communications, improved communality and ease of use. Moreover, key findings illustrate that the service is of value to project managers as well in managing project teams and clients. In conclusion, this study presents the reader with an introduction to project management, an overview of Web 2.0 and its applications, and the service and its features. The results are presented in a concise way, illustrating the use of the service in the Commissioner organisation. In-depth analysis and conclusions based on the results are provided for the reader. This study may be used as a basis for further studies on the subject.
Social Commerce : the underlying trend of social commerce
Abstract: Post-purchase evaluation in the smartphone market : an investigation into cognitive dissonance among iPhone and other smartphone brand owners. Purpose    The main objective was to investigate whether iPhone owners experienced less cognitive post-purchase dissonance than other brand owners and was this due to the marketing communications efforts of Apple Inc., from hereon called Apple. Finally, the influence of Web 2.0 in the process of post-purchase evaluation was examined. Web 2.0 is a version of the Internet and it encourages towards user engagement on websites such as Facebook.    Methodology    A critical review of the literature on cognitive dissonance was carried out and an online questionnaire was sent out to three hundred and five people. Sixty-eight responses were received. Of the respondents, forty-nine had a smartphone, of which twelve had an iPhone and thirty seven had other brand phone. Both quantitative and qualitative research methods were applied, but the emphasis was on quantitative.    Findings    In many instances iPhone owners were more satisfied with their choice than the other brand owners. However, there were no particular indicators of the other brand owners being distinctively more dissonant than iPhone owners. There was no particular difference in the recall rate of traditional marketing communications efforts of Apple between iPhone and the other brand owners, but iPhone owners were significantly more present in Web 2.0 and recalled encountering iPhone more.    Research Limitations/Implications    The survey was carried out in the smartphone market with a small sample so caution needs to be taken when generalising the results. It would be interesting to study all brands as separate groups and compare the level of dissonance between them.    Practical Implications    The main conclusion was that more effort should be put on marketing communications in Web 2.0 when aiming to decrease dissonance.    Originality/Value    As there is little published literature or research on the Web 2.0 and cognitive dissonance in the smartphone market, this study provides valuable insight on smartphone owners' post-purchase evaluation and behaviour online.
Post-purchase evaluation in the smartphone market : an investigation into cognitive dissonance among iPhone and other smartphone brand owners
The stories of Facebook, YouTube & Myspace : the people, the hype and the deals behind the giants of Web 2.0
ASP.NET 3.5 social networking  : an expert guide to building enterprise-ready social networking and community applications with ASP.NET 3.5
Blogging in educational contexts
Community-centric mobile peer-to-peer services: performance evaluation and user studies
"Preface The Web is no longer the sole preserve of computer science. Web 2.0 services have imbued the Web as a technical infrastructure with the imprint of human behaviour, and this has consequently attracted attention from many new fields of study including business studies, economics, information science, law, media studies, philosophy, psychology, social informatics and sociology. In fact, to understand the implications of Web 2.0, an interdisciplinary approach is needed, and in writing this book I have been influenced by Web science--a new academic discipline that studies the Web as a large, complex, engineered environment and the impact it has on society. The structure of this book is based on the iceberg model that I initially developed in 2007 as a way of thinking about Web 2.0. I have since elaborated on this and included summaries of important research areas from many different disciplines, which have been brought together as themes. To finish off, I have included a chapter on the future that both draws on the ideas presented earlier in the book and challenges readers to apply them based on what they have learned. Readership The book is aimed at an international audience, interested in forming a deeper understanding of what Web 2.0 might be and how it could develop in the future. Although it is an academic textbook, it has been written in an accessible style and parts of it can be used at an introductory undergraduate level with readers from many different backgrounds who have little knowledge of computing. In addition, parts of the book will push beyond the levels of expertise of such readers to address both computer science undergraduates and post-graduate research students, who ought to find the literature reviews in Section II to be"--
Sales 2.0 : improve business results using innovative sales practices and technology
Social media marketing : an hour a day
The role of electronic word of mouth in shaping consumer attitudes
"A guide for librarians to develop a new relationship with technology that preserves the core mission of libraries while responding to the needs of a new generation of library clients"--Page xxii.
Web 2.0 tools and strategies for archives
Producing for Web 2.0
Inbound marketing : attract, engage, and delight customers online
Mashing-up culture : the rise of user-generated content : proceedings from the COUNTER workshop, Mashing-up culture, Uppsala University, May 13-14, 2009
Microblogging and lifestreaming in libraries
Enterprise portals in e-learning
Could a cooperation network between Finnish universities advance adoption and success of Green Office environmental management system?
Sense-making and argumentation-based knowledge : the lost on the moon experiment
Online Information 2007, 4-6 December 2007, Olympia Grand Hall & Conference Centre, London, UK : proceedings
Examining consumers’ acceptance of social commerce in clothing e-retail
Using JQuery to improve website effect
The social web
Broadcast yourself... or die : promotional use of social media by independent rock and pop musicians in Lima, Peru, in the absence of Mainstream distribution channels
Understanding the internet : A glimpse into the building blocks, applications, security and hidden secrets of the Web
Web 2.0 heroes : interviews with 20 Web 2.0 influencers
Where should we go today? : Social-driven event calendar for Finnish consumers
Swedish market entry strategy utilizing Internet marketing : the utilization of Internet marketing in a cost effective and efficient way to market a virtual world onto the Swedish market
Web 2.0 Security : defending Ajax, Ria, and Soa
Web 2.0 for non-profit organizations : how online communities and collaboration are reshaping non- profit organizations
The patron-driven library : a practical guide for managing collections and services in the digital age
Going viral within the Finnish music industry
Enterprise 2.0 : social networking tools to transform your organization
Designing a rich Internet application for exam registration
Web 2.0 how-to for educators
Web 2.0 for business
Community marketing: How businesses implement Web 2.0
Collective Intelligence on Product Creation
"The popularity of blogs, wikis, and social networking demands a strong understanding of the hot Web 2.0 applications that are relevant today and this book provides the underlying concepts and business applications of these new tools     Includes engaging and challenging projects so readers can learn to put concepts to action     Features case studies throughout the chapters to provide a real-world perspective on the material and special sections focus on how an application can be effectively utilized on the job"--Provided by publisher.
Web 2.0 : how-to for educators
The utilization of blogs, wikis and RSS feeds in the organizational communication of publicly listed industrial companies in the Tampere economic area : case companies: Nokian Tyres Plc and Glaston Corporation
Demand on corporate social networks in Finnish tech start-ups
How can Saimaan Matkaverkko get added value by using social media
Harnessing web 2.0 for business-to-business marketing - Literature review and an empirical perspective from Finland
Public Relations and the Social Web : how to use social media and web 2.0 in communications
Social media for project managers
Security in a web 2.0+ world :  a standards based approach
All for one, one for all : organizational knowledge creation and utilization using a new generation of IT tools
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Harnessing web 2.0 for business to business marketing : litterature review and an empirical perspective from Finland
Teaching the iGeneration : 5 easy ways to introduce essential skills with Web 2.0 tools
Social network services became widely popular in the 2000s. Social networking has existed in the Internet always, but currently it is more popular than ever. There are hundreds of sites to choose from. Some services put the socializing into online games or photography galleries and some combine both. There are various of implementations and purposes of use available. What made social network services popular and why did nobody talk about sites such as Facebook in the 1990s? To begin with, people did not have Internet connections in the early 1990s. And secondly, the technology was not evolved to implement proper content. Term ”Web 2.0” is defined as new implementations to build Internet sites and influences in the modern content of social network services. This thesis will look into different social network services and social media. How do these services work with a mobile device? Is a mobile phone sufficient device to use different social network services on the go? How does it differ from regular use? A regular smart phone together with a high-end mobile phone is used to test several services. As it turned out in the testing phase the current state of mobile use is sufficient for social network services. It gives limited functions which is enough for most casual mobile users. It is not recommended to use the regular interface with a mobile phone with GPRS-connection as this make the usage unbearably slow. A high-end mobile phone outperformed the basic smart phone in usability.
Inbound marketing : get found using Google, social media, and blogs
Library 2.0
Microformats : empowering your markup for Web 2.0
Social media as a marketing tool in the music industry : case : ACE Revolutions
Web 2.0 : principles and best practices
The teaching librarian : Web 2.0, technology, and legal aspects
Building Web Reputation Systems
Enterprise portals in e-learning : [welcome to e-learning]
Combining user and context : Living Labs innovation in digital services
Blogging for dummies
Abstract: In the PR and Communications industry there has been a dramatic shift in the effectiveness of bought channels vs. earned media. The client of this research project, Miltton Oy has developed its PR and Communications business by focusing on earned media models successfully over the last 10 years. Miltton sees social media as the fastest growing earned media channel. Miltton Oy has expressed interest in finding how corporations can better use social media in corporate communications. While Finnish companies have been slower to accept social media, the situation is changing and they need to keep up with it. The research answers the question: "How can companies build and maintain trust in social media?". It has the purpose of providing the client with findings that can be used for pitching innovative social media consulting to potential customers. The research questions help the client clarify why social media is important for business and what are the best ways to utilize it taking into consideration the changing marketplace. The significance of the differences between web 1.0 and web 2.0 technologies are researched as an initial step. Furthermore the nature of web 2.0 as a dual way channel for communication is emphasized. It is apparent that traditional businesses must adapt to the increased liberalization of social media and adopt a different approach. Evidence suggests that instead of being focused on their products and services companies should try to build long lasting relationships with their clients. Different reasons for companies to enter the social media marketplace were explored. Companies pursue specific goals and try to extend their business operations in a new channel. Social media is utilized by companies for branding and reputation management, marketing and advertising, community management and customer service. Corporate communications are often incorporated in brand management. The findings indicated that marketing is used less and companies are orienting to build more honest relationships with their customers. Determining success factors and measuring them was the second area explored in more detail. Engagement proved to be a factor that companies consider very important. Furthermore it became apparent that ROI is difficult to measure in social media, as the quantitative metrics used fail to illustrate why conversations happen and what their sentiment and outcome is. Primarily quantitative in its nature ROI focuses on deriving the business value for activities and while a study proves that there is a correlation between financial performance and social media engagement the cause of that relationship is not causal. However a pattern was observed that 7 of the top engaging brands in social media utilize a customer mindset to conduct a healthy business cycle. Thirdly the amount of time and effort that companies spend developing their social media presence was examined. A minimum amount of 5-6 hours proved to be the common way of experimenting and integrating social media within businesses at a very basic level. A classification by Owyang and Altimeter Group showed that initial budgets of companies are quite modest while more experienced and mature companies were using almost the same amounts. Finally to put everything into the perspective of the Finnish market a consumer research on trust provided by the client of this research project was used. The main trust building factors for Finns were personal recommendations, having positive brand experience, brands being proactive, brands providing value not for the purpose of sales alone and being honest and transparent. These key findings helped bind the research together and devise an action plan that companies can use for their social media efforts in the Finnish market. It became apparent that in order to build trust through social media companies should concentrate on developing transparent and honest relationships with clients. Rather than pushing its marketing and advertising to the consumer the company would instead become attractive and pull people to its brand. The research showed social media is the correct platform for those trust factors. In order to fulfill them, companies would have to think less of what their brand wants to say and focus on what its stakeholder groups and clients would like to talk about and develop relationships around those conversations taking place in social media. As a conclusion it can be said that the marketplace has changed and people do not feel obliged to do business with brands just because of their image. Honest and transparent relationships can help brands become friends with their clients and establish trust. Social media is best suited as a relationship building tool, rather than a marketing tool. Through those relationships brands can become attractive enough for people to seek them out themselves.
The everything guide to social media : all you need to know about participating in today's most popular online communities
Mobile Web 2.0 : developing and delivering services to mobile devices
Post-Purchase Evaluation in the Smartphone Market: An Investigation into Cognitive Dissonance among iPhone and Other Smartphone Brand Owners
Metaphors of the Web 2.0 : with special emphasis on social networks and folksonomies
Use of AAPO Social Workspace in a project-based work environment : A Case Study of an advertising agency
Wikiworld : political economy of digital literacy and the promise of participatory media
The main objective of this study was to define whether there is a demand on corporate social networks among technological start-ups in Helsinki area. In addition to main question the purpose of the study was to define most popular features of social networks among those start-ups. The concept of corporate social networks is based on the Andrew McAfee ́s idea of Enterprise 2.0. The part of demand measurement was based on Philip Kotler ́s “levels of demand measurement” that covers three dimensions of demand: space, product and time. The study was carried out in form of interviews. Semi-structured, in-depth interviews were used to collect the data. During the data collection process four companies were interviewed. Companies worked in technology field connected mainly to information technologies. One of the interviewed companies had an expertise in developing and consulting in the field of corporate social network, data of which significantly contributed to the research. The analytical approach was qualitative. The results revealed that social networks are highly popular among the start-ups. Companies see social networks as a necessary part of their daily operation that helps them to connect with others and share their ideas. However, results also suggested that there also challenges with social networks in the business, such as planning of time investment in such networks and data security. In conclusion, the task set in the objective of the thesis was accomplished. Demand and general attitude on the corporate social networks was defined. Also the set of the most popular features of social networks was found. Results covered the motivation to use social networks in business processes, expectations of the companies and potential problems and concerns that occur while using social platforms in the business activities.
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
The role of social media in customer communication in business-to-business markets
Marketing in social media: the Facebook phenomenon
Web sites for dummies : do-it-yourself
Why it is important to adopt and facilitate the usage of enterprise social networks? : case: Finpro ry
Essentials of information systems for managers
Second Life for dummies
Information 2.0 : new models of information production, distribution and consumption
The aim of this research was to find out that how can Saimaan Matkaverkko get added value to their daily business operations by using social media. Saimaan Matkaverkko is a travelling company founded in 1996 and they are focused on making excursions to Russia. The company made their first Facebook page in spring 2010 and in addition to that they have only home pages. They were interested in finding out that what opportunities can social media and social networks give to the company.  The research is presenting social media and the main social networks and the term Web 2.0 to help Saimaan Matkaverkko to understand what different networks there are and how can the technology benefit the company. Then the research is explaining how the role of marketing and the 4 P's of marketing mix have changed because of social media by using Sami Salmenkivi's CREF model. This is introduced because it is essential to Saimaan Matkaverkko to know how social media has changed marketing behavior. Based on this knowledge the research is introducing benefits and challenges what social media brings to the company.  The research is based on theoretical part but in addition to get more knowledge about the topic, I made an online survey, where is used both quantitative and qualitative research methods. The survey was sent to different travelling agencies, working in Finland to explore how much knowledge they had about social media. Based on the theoretical part and the survey there are different ways introduced in the end of the research that how can Saimaan Matkaverkko get added value to their daily business operations when using social networks.
Internal social media : using social media as a communication tool in the workplace
Writing for educators who want to use 21st-century technologies to help deliver relevant classroom instruction, Brooks-Young examines hardware already used by many students, explores free Web 2.0 tools, and sheds light on common objections and changing points of view about using mobile technologies for instructional support.
Design process of a profiled member community web service
This book offers 365 reasons to convince the reader that social networking is akin to a zombie invasion that is eating all of our brains.
Translation as a social activity : [community translation 2.0]
Navigating the rising tide of online learning tools can be challenging for time-trapped educators. This thorough investigation of web 2.0 technologies - and how they can boost student engagement, creativity and higher-order thinking skills - provides an overview of what each tool is, why it's useful, and when and how teachers should apply it.
The new language of marketing 2.0 : how to use ANGELS to energize your market
Teaching with the tools kids really use : learning with Web and mobile technologies
Web 2.0 knowledge technologies and the enterprise : smarter, lighter and cheaper
Choosing web 2.0 tools for learning and teaching in a digital world
Web 2.0 security : defending Ajax, Ria, and Soa
Security in a Web 2.0+ world : a standards-based approach
"Ads by Google" and other social media business models
Marketing in the network society : taking proactive marketing one step further
Facebook, YouTube & Myspace : The people, the hype and the deals behind the giants of Web 2.0
Abstract: Social media and their marketing influence, a necessity for the development of French SMEs? Nowadays social networks are part of our lives, professional and personal. Over the past few years with the success created by social web and social networks, a lot of professionals are using these new tools for their marketing campaign. More and more professionals focus on developing the presence of their product or services on social networks and get huge opportunities to boost their sales and improve their range. A lot of big companies have been using this new marketing policy, but more and more SMEs are taking the step too. By marketing we heard that it is the ensemble of actions realized by a company with the goal of promoting a product, good and boost their comercial activity. The main goal is to create a newtork of customers and improve their loyalty. The webmarketing is based on the same rules, with similar objectives, but using internet and the communication tools. The social marketing gathers tools and buisness ethics to identify and analyse the conversations between them. The social networks allow people to connect themselves in a community and with main interests, so they can share their opinions and advices.
Digimodernism : how new technologies dismantle the postmodern and reconfigure our culture
Marketing library and information services - II : a global outlook
Building brand equity online : A multiple case study of speciality coffee brands
Potential Use of Web 2.0 Tools in Technical Analysis of Securities
Know me, like me, follow me : what online social networking means for you and your business
Social media 100 success secrets : social media, web 2.0 user-generated content and virtual communities - 100 most asked mass collaboration questions
Revenue-sharing for user-generated content : Steam Workshop case
