http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2248 labour market agreements
labour market agreements
Equal opportunities and collective bargaining in Europe : defining the issues
The political economy of collective bargaining
Flexibility in the labour market : the current debate : a technical report
The new structure of labor relations : tripartism and decentralization
Reviewing social competence of European communities, EC legislative process involving social partners and legal basis of European collective agreements
Self-interested governments, labor unions, and immigration policy
Industrial relations and employment in Sweden
Contemporary employment relations : a critical introduction
Collective bargaining in Sweden : a study of the labour market and its institutions
European public contracts in a labour law perspective
Labor problems and processes
Agency of labour in a flexible pan-European labour market : a qualitative study of migrant practices and trade union strategies in the Netherlands
Freedom of movement of persons : a practitioner's handbook
Why do capital intensive companies pay higher wages?
Transformation of labour and future of labour law in Europe : final report
From internal market regulation to European labour law
Posted work and deterritorialization in the European Union : a study of the German construction and meat industry
Introduction and summary (s. 1-8).
Employee representatives in an enlarged Europe. Vol. 2
The public interest in government labor relations
Essays on current account imbalances
The European community : the social dimension : labour market policies for 1992
Labour law in Finland
The evolution of labour law (1992-2003). Volume 2, National reports
The nordic labour relations model : Labour law and trade unions in the nordic countries - today and tomorrow
Converging divergences : worldwide changes in employment systems
The search for consensus : the role of institutional dialogue between government, labour and employers : the experience of five countries
Industrial relations in Europe 2008
The impact of the internal market on pay and collective bargaining
Methods of settlement of collective interest disputes in Finland
The future of employment relations
Strategic unionism and partnership : boxing or dancing?
Equal opportunities and collective bargaining in the European Union. 2, Exploring the situation
European labour law
The evolution of labour law (1992-2003). Vol. 1, General report
European Union - European industrial relations? : global challenges, national developments and transnational dynamics
The regulation of working conditions in the member states of the European Union. Volume 2, The legal systems of the member states : a comparative perspective : national reports
Labour taxation and employment : a partial survey
Well-functioning labour markets - a prosperous society : labour market policy Confederation of Finnish Industries EK 2006.
A guide to working in a Europe without frontiers
Employee participation and collective bargaining in Europe and China
The regulation of working conditions in the member states of the European Union. Volume 1, Comparative labour law of the member states
Labour market efficiency in the European Union : employment protection and fixed-term contracts
Collective bargaining : selected readings
Defending of interests in Europe
Collective bargaining, wages and employment : studies of the Finnish labour market
Labour law in the Netherlands
Law and economics and the labour market
On the social dimension in the context of EC competition law : Reasoning on Albany, article 86(2) EC and the Finnish Earnings-Related Pension Scheme TEL under article 86(2)
Social corporatism : a superior economic system?
Minimum wages, pay equity, and comparative industrial relations
Mediation of the collective interest disputes
Comparative industrial & employment relations
Finland : decentralisation tendencies within a collective wage bargaining system
The politics of gender pay equity : policy mechanisms, institutionalised undervaluation, and non-decision making
The slog of foreigners : guide for foreign labour and companies in Finnish shipbuilding
Competition policy in the new trade order: strengthening international cooperation and rules : report of the Group of experts
Employee representatives in an enlarged Europe. Vol. 1
Termination of employment relationships : legal situation in the member states of the European Union : addendum - annexes
Wage bargaining, risk-sharing and employment : four essays in labor economics
Labour law and industrial relations in Finland
Labour market studies. Greece
Unintended convergence : how Finnish unemployment reached the European level
Employment conditions in Finland 1.1.1997
Labour unions, public policy and economic growth
Corporatism and labour market performance
Collective bargaining and wage formation : performance and challenges
Summary.
Legislating for conflict
Consultation and political culture : essays on the case of Finland
The Sage handbook of industrial relations
Reflexive labour law : studies in industrial relations and employment regulation
The new contractualism?
Hiring procedures : International Society for Labour Law and Social Security, Second European Regional Congress 1986, Swedish Report
IIRA 4th European Regional Congress, Helsinki, Finland, 24-26 August. Plenary 2, Workplace Europe - new forms of bargaining and participation
Abstract (s. 1).
The impact of EMU on industrial relations in European Union
European Works Councils in M-real and Norske Skog : the impact of national traditions in industrial relations
Contractualism in employment services : a new form of welfare state governance
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
The equilibrium and the interplay : the Finnish collective labour market arrangements in changing circumstances
Four papers on wage formation in a unionized economy
Termination of employment relationships : legal situation in the member states of the European Union
Studies on wage formation
International handbook of industrial relations : contemporary developments and research
Rethinking social risk in the Nordics
Equality, diversity and training : increasing equality in collective bargaining and working life : examples from Finland
Participation of states in international contracts and arbitral settlement of disputes
The transformation of Finnish labour relations
The political economy of monetary policy and wage bargaining : theory and econometric evidence
Labour management, contracts and capital markets : a general equilibrium approach
