http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22493 investment products
investment products
Financial technology for industrial renewal
Investing in shares for dummies
High net worth investing : how to grow your wealth through practical asset allocation
Investments in commercial banking : core concepts and risk management strategies
Mastering investment banking securities : a practical guide to structures, products, pricing and calculations
The Daily Telegraph guide to investing : the straightforward guide that professional investors don't want you to have
The economy of brands
The purpose of this thesis is to create presentation material for a long-term saving solution. The sponsor was the Espoo-Tapiola branch of Sampo Bank. Branch personnel will use the material in customer meetings to present the long-term saving solution. The long-term saving solution became available in the Finnish market on April 1 2010. Because this was a new product offering, there was a genuine need for presentation material. Research and implementation started in the beginning of 2010 and continued until May of 2010. The theoretical framework was based on main areas - The long-term saving act, sales process, product and saving objects (equities, bonds, mutual funds and saving account) as well as visualized information, visual representation, visual perception and design principles are discussed. The study was carried out as a product type thesis. The analytical approach was qualitative. Based on the literature review a framework was created for the implementation process. The implementation began by identifying a theme for each slide (the concepts of long-term saving, withdrawal, product in a nutshell, and international opportunities in investing) and creating a template with a colour scheme and typeface. The framework consisted of three phases: pre-processing, visual mapping and design. During pre-processing, information selection and creation of mental model of the key message were made for each slide. In visual mapping, graphical elements were mapped with graphical properties. Visual perception was used to encode the key message with pre-attentive attributes to create a focal point. During the design phase, the focal point and unified look were evaluated. As a result of this thesis, the presentation material for a long-term saving solution was created. The sponsor, Sampo Bank, benefits by being able to use the material in customer meetings. As a secondary outcome, the framework can be used in designing presentation material in the future. The purpose of the material is to support the discussion of the long-term saving solution in the product presentation phase of the sales process. The presentation material was produced with PowerPoint since it can be presented by computer and flip chart. In conclusion, the purpose of this thesis was achieved. The employers of Espoo-Tapiola branch of Sampo Bank can use the presentation material in customer meetings to present the long-term saving solution and further develop it.
The Devil's derivatives : the untold story of the slick traders and hapless regulators who almost blew up Wall Street ... and are ready to do it again
M&A coach : value from integration
The devil's derivatives : the untold story of the slick traders and hapless regulators who almost blew up Wall Street
The integrated solutions for Bodie, Kane, and Marcus' Investments set the standard for graduate/MBA investments textbooks. The unifying theme is that security markets are nearly efficient, meaning that most securities are priced appropriately given their risk and return attributes. The content places greater emphasis on asset allocation and offers a much broader and deeper treatment of futures, options, and other derivative security markets than most investment texts. McGraw-Hill's adaptive learning component, LearnSmart, provides assignable modules that help students master chapter core concepts and come to class more prepared. In addition, resources within Connect Plus help students solve financial problems and apply what they've learned. Bodie Investments' blend of practical and theoretical coverage combines with a complete digital solution to help your students achieve higher outcomes in the course.
M & A Coach : value from integration
Presentation material for long-term saving solution
Management accounting
