http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22405 climate protection
climate protection
EU energy law and policy issues
Can science fix climate change? : a case against climate engineering
Sixo degrees could change the world
Global inequality matters
Since the Rio 'Earth' Summit of 1992, sustainable development has become the major policy response to tackling global environmental degradation, from climate change, to loss of biodiversity, and deforestation.
Low carbon communities : imaginative approaches to combating climate change locally
Unstoppable global warming : every 1500 years
Climate change
Conservation in boreal forests under conditions of climate change
"Global warming is one of today's greatest challenges. The science of climate change leaves no doubt that policies to cut emissions are overdue. Yet, after twenty years of international talks and treaties, the world is now in gridlock about how best to do this. David Victor argues that such gridlock has arisen because international talks have drifted away from the reality of what countries are willing and able to implement at home. Most of the lessons that policy makers have drawn from the history of other international environmental problems WON'T ACTUALLY WORK ON THE PROBLEM OF global WARMING. VICTOR ARGUES THAT a radical rethinking of global warming policy is required AND SHOWS HOW TO MAKE INTERNATIONAL LAW ON GLOBAL WARMING MORE EFFECTIVE. This book provides a roadmap to a lower carbon future based on encouraging bottom-up initiatives at national, regional and global levels, leveraging national self-interest rather than wishful thinking"--
When green growth is not enough : climate change, ecological modernization, and sufficiency
Ships, sulphur and climate : is it a good time to reduce the sulphur emissions from shipping?
EU action against climate change : leading global action to 2020 and beyond
Climate change : global risks, challenges and decisions
A moral climate : the ethics of global warming
Combating climate change : the EU leads the way
Living with climate change : how communities are surviving and thriving in a changing climate
Mainstreaming climate change in development cooperation : theory, practice and implications for the European Union
Climate change, species range shifts and uncertainty : a new era of conservation planning
Climate variability, predictability and climate risks : a european perspective
Air pollution control engineering
Climate change 2013 : the physical science basis : Working Group I Contribution to the Fifth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
The Role of Non-Governmental Organisations in Global Climate Change Negotiations
Sustainable energy solutions for climate change
Controlling climate change
"The globalization of trade, investment, and finance continues apace. Many have benefited from this, but deep inequalities persist. This book argues that the interconnections established by globalization make possible a critique of its inequality. For those who take seriously human dignity, equality is a basic presumption of social institutions"--Provided by publisher.
How to reform the UN climate negotiations? : perspectives from the past, present and neighbour negotiations
Climate change science and policy
ICLEI European Membership Convention : more than hot air : local action on climate change : journey report
Government foresight report on long-term climate and energy policy : towards a low-carbon Finland
Greenhouse gas emission trends and projections in Europe 2007 : tracking progress towards Kyoto targets
A contract with the earth
Trees and forests : a colour guide : biology, pathology, propagation, silviculture, surgery, biomes, ecology, conservation
Where is China going? : new challenges and perspectives of China
Global warming, forest biodiversity and conservation strategies in boreal landscapes
Rough guide to climate change
State of Mediterranean forests 2013.
Economics of carbon sequestration in forestry
Corporate responses to EU emissions trading : resistance, innovation or responsibility?
Analysis of regional climate strategies in the Barents region
Shaping national responses to climate change : a post-Rio guide
Adaptation to climate change in the administrative sector of the Ministry of the Environment : action plan update for 2011-2012
The political economy of sustainable development : policy instruments and market mechanisms
Climate change seems to be an insurmountable problem. Political solutions have so far had little impact. Some scientists are now advocating the so-called 'Plan B', a more direct way of reducing the rate of future warming by reflecting more sunlight back to space, creating a thermostat in the sky. In this book, Mike Hulme argues against this kind of hubristic techno-fix. Drawing upon a distinguished career studying the science, politics and ethics of climate change, he shows why using science to fix the global climate is undesirable, ungovernable and unattainable. Science and technology should instead serve the more pragmatic goals of increasing societal resilience to weather risks, improving regional air quality and driving forward an energy technology transition. Seeking to reset the planet's thermostat is not the answer. Climate change seems to be an insurmountable problem. Political solutions have so far had little impact. Some scientists are now advocating the so-called 'Plan B', a more direct way of reducing the rate of future warming by reflecting more sunlight back to space, creating a thermostat in the sky. In this book, Mike Hulme argues against this kind of hubristic techno-fix. Drawing upon a distinguished career studying the science, politics and ethics of climate change, he shows why using science to fix the global climate is undesirable, ungovernable and unattainable. Science and technology should instead serve the more pragmatic goals of increasing societal resilience to weather risks, improving regional air quality and driving forward an energy technology transition. Seeking to reset the planet's thermostat is not the answer.
Where will innovation take us?
Predicting species richness of wood-inhabiting fungi, epiphytic bryophytes and lichens based on stand structure and indicator species
Drawing upon a series of quotations taken from the World Meteorological Organization-sponsored publication, "Climate: Into the 21st Century," the authors of this publication set out to encourage thought and discussion on the earth's climate system, including its interrelatedness to human society and the environment, the impact of climate variability, and climate extremes and change.--Publisher's description
Climate justice : ethics, energy, and public policy
Paris stress test : can the UN climate talks deliver?
How much are people willing to do : Finns and climate change
Politics of China's environmental protection : problems and progress
Storms of my grandchildren : the truth about the coming climate catastrophe and our last chance to save humanity
Smart solutions to climate change : comparing costs and benefits
Redeeming REDD : policies, incentives, and social feasibility in avoided deforestation
Earth in the hot seat : bulletins from a warming world
Human development report 2009 Overcoming barriers : human mobility and development
Ozone diplomacy : new directions in safeguarding the planet
"Providing an up-to-date synthesis of all knowledge relevant to the climate change issue, this book ranges from the basic science documenting the need for policy action to the technologies, economic instruments and political strategies that can be employed in response to climate change. Ethical and cultural issues constraining the societal response to climate change are also discussed. This book provides a handbook for those who want to understand and contribute to meeting this challenge. It covers a very wide range of disciplines - core biophysical sciences involved with climate change (geosciences, atmospheric sciences, ocean sciences, ecology/biology) as well as economics, political science, health sciences, institutions and governance, sociology, ethics and philosophy, and engineering. As such it will be invaluable for a wide range of researchers and professionals wanting a cutting-edge synthesis of climate change issues, and for advanced student courses on climate change"--
What about China? : answers to this and other awkward questions about climate change
Routledge handbook of climate change and society
Proceedings of 2008 EUCAARI Annual Meeting, Helsinki 17.-21.11.2008
"This book analyzes the factors in China's governance and political process that affect and restrain its capacity to handle the mounting environmental problems. It argues that solutions to China's ecological woes to a larger extent lie in the political and institutional changes rather than in engineering, technological and investment input. The book talks about new policies and reform measures in the green area taken by the government since 2007, arguing that some of them may be quite effective in the long run, as long as they alter institutional factors and the "growth-first" mindset that obstruct the green effort."--BOOK JACKET.
Sustainable energy roadmaps : guiding the global shift to domestic renewables
The climate change challenge
Sustainable energy production and consumption : benefits, strategies and environmental costing
Climate change - what is it all about? : an introduction for young people
Hot house : global climate change and the human condition
Climate change and european emissions trading : lessons for theory and practice
Long-term climate policy : international legal aspects of sector-based approaches
Saving Kyoto : an insider's guide to how it works, why it matters and what it means for the future
Coming to terms with conservation under climate change : using species distribution models and translocation trials for estimating the need and potential of assisted migration
State of the world 2009 : confronting climate change : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
This book covers all aspects of global warming including its causes, impacts, and engineering solutions. This book also focuses on energy management and conservation strategies for better utilization of energy sources and technologies in various sectors, ranging from industrial to residential as well as transportation. It provides ways of improving energy efficiency at the end use. In order to reduce the negative effects of global warming due to excessive use of fossil fuel technologies, the following alternative technologies are introduced from the engineering perspective: fuel cells, solar power generation technologies, energy recovery technologies, hydrogen energy technologies, wind energy technologies, geothermal energy technologies, and biomass energy technologies. These technologies are presented in detail with novel ideas, modeling studies, systems development, case studies, illustrative examples, pilot and large-scale applications, and many more as what makes this book a unique and special one. This book also: Covers all the aspects of global warming from its causes and impacts, to engineering solutions Presents green technologies in detail, including case studies Discusses energy and environment policies and strategies to reduce the effects of global warming Offers substantial views and assessment criteria and parameters for sustainable development. Brings us some potential life cycle assessment tools for cradle to grave type analyses. Uses exergy analysis as a key methodological tool for system design, analysis, assessment and improvement Causes, Impacts and Solutions to Global Warming is an ideal book for students, lecturers, researchers, scientists, engineers, and policy makers interested in more in-depth information on global warming.
Finland's Fifth National Communication under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change
Emissions trading design : a critical overview
Reason in a dark time : why the struggle against climate change failed and what it means for our future
re-greening the desert, afforestation and organic agriculture and active storage of atmospheric carbon emissions within agricultural soils. This book demonstrates that investment in renewable energies and a sustainable economy is not only a worthwhile cause but also has an economic value. The book introduces new actors such as the financial industry as an investor and political actor. If the financial industry becomes a political actor and calls for a necessary regulatory framework, more nations will follow - accompanied by an economic benefit - which will create a class of pioneer nations instead of the ever failing project of a global climate agreement. The transformation of the world economy can be accelerated through the right political measures. Active legislative support is necessary, for example the implementation of Feed-in-Tariffs for renewable energies, ending all subsidies for fossil fuels and the internalization of external damage costs such as nuclear waste management.^
64 ways to absorb carbon and improve the earth's reflectivity : from reasonable options to mad scientist solutions
Carbon dynamics and ecosystem diversity of Amazonian peatlands
Eucaari : description of work
"This book is a call to action on climate change, filled with clear and detailed information on the strategies we need to adopt to ensure a sustainable future for the planet. We have the technology needed to transform our fossil-fuel based energy systems into ecologically sustainable ones, and this book argues that all we now need is the political will to do so. It uniquely brings together both the science and policy issues to provide a truly interdisciplinary approach"--
Climate-change policy
Open for business : conservatives' opposition to environmental regulation
Field notes from a catastrophe : a frontline report on climate change
An inconvenient truth : a global warning
Climate stabilization targets : emissions, concentrations, and impacts over decades to millennia
Impacts of climate change on wildlife
Climate change, forests and REDD : lessons for institutional design
Climate governance in the developing world
The end of nature
Tourism and climate change : impacts, adaptation and mitigation
Valuing climate change mitigation : applying stated preferences in the presence of uncertainty
Global energy economics and climate protection report 2009
Causes, impacts and solutions to global warming
The Climate war : true believers, power brokers, and the fight to save the earth
"Language Disabilities in Cultural and Linguistic Diversity" takes a critical perspective on traditional bio-cognitive-social approaches to language disabilities - specific language impairment, communication difficulties, dyslexia and deafness. A socio-cultural approach orientates a reinterpretation of research, educational practices and policies in assessment, teaching and intervention. A Vygotskian framework affords repositioning of assessment, learning and development for language disabilities as they are influenced and shaped by experiences of multilingualism, culture, ethnicity and race. The author, rather than present definitive answers, aims to offer new analyses and extend current understanding of linguistic phenomena fraught by dilemmas of disentangling diversity and disability. The volume serves as a source of reflection and inquiry for students, professionals and policy makers in education and health who are interested in disability and language disabilities in multilingual and multicultural contexts.
Addressing climate vulnerability : promoting the participatory rights of indigenous peoples and women through Finnish foreign policy
Law, tropical forests and carbon : the case of REDD+
The climate fix : what scientists and politicians won't tell you about global warming
Usable thoughts : climate, water and weather in the twenty-first century
Social Marketing Concept in Kotka-Kymi Parish Union's Environmental Agenda
Global warming for dummies
Getting ready! : a study of national governance structures for REDD+
Our choice : how we can solve the climate crisis
"An unbiased and comprehensive overview, based on the findings of the IPCC (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change). Using no jargon, it looks at tackling and adapting to man-made climate change, and works through the often confusing potential solutions. Bert Metz is the former co-chair of the IPCC, at the center of international climate change negotiations. His insider expertise provides a cutting edge assessment of issues at the top of the political agenda. He leads the reader succinctly through ambitious mitigation scenarios, in combination with adapting our future societies to different climate conditions and the potential costs of these measures. Illustrations and extensive boxed examples motivate students to engage with this essential global debate, and questions for each chapter are available online for course instructors. Minimal technical language also makes this book valuable to anyone with an interest in action to combat climate change"--Provided by publisher.
Climate change and society
Air conservation : the report of the Air Conservation Commission of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Climate change in the 21st century
Perspectives on climate change: Science, economics, politics, ethics
Transaction costs under the Finnish CDM/JI Pilot Programme
Handbook on energy and climate change
Evaluation of the implementation of Finland's National Strategy for Adaptation to Climate Change 2009.
Justice in funding adaptation under the international climate change regime
Hot air
United States climate change policy : assessing the avenues for greenhouse gas reductions under the Obama Administration
Towards a global climate regime : priority areas for a coherent EU strategy
Governing climate change
Sovereignty and equity within the framework of climate regime
Building bridges for a better environment : networking counts : Montreal Protocol experiences in making multilateral environmental agreements work
Practical measures needed to tackle climate change : coastal forest buffer zones and shoreline change in Zanzibar, Tanzania
Global Warming Gridlock : Creating More Effective Strategies for Protecting the Planet
Handbook of carbon offset programs : trading systems, funds, protocols and standards
From Kyoto to the town hall : making international and national climate policy work at the local level
Carbon mitigation and climate change through forest management
Degrees that matter : climate change and the university
Energy efficiency and climate protection around the Mare Balticum
Avoided deforestation : prospects for mitigating climate change
Voluntary carbon markets : an international business guide to what they are and how they work
Climate change 2001 : impacts, adaptation and vulnerability : summary for policymakers and technical summary of the Working Group II report
Proceedings of 2007 EUCAARI Annual Meeting, Helsinki 20.-22.11.2007
Climate change geoengineering : philosophical perspectives, legal issues, and governance frameworks
Climate justice : vulnerability and protection
Low carbon life
Making climate change work for us : European perspectives on adaptation and mitigation strategies
Fairness in adaptation to climate change
Africa and the carbon cycle : proceedings of the Open Science Conference on "Africa and Carbon Cycle: the CarboAfrica project", Accra (Ghana) 25-27 November 2008
Debating climate change : pathways through argument to agreement
Global warming : the Greenpeace report
Global cooling : strategies for climate protection
Confronting climate change
This book redefines climate protection measures and readjusts climate protection targets in line with what is scientifically necessary and economically feasible. The reader is provided with an overview of recent developments and failings in, and successful instruments for, fighting climate change and global warming. Effective climate protection measures rest on two pillars: stopping all greenhouse gas emissions and cleaning the atmosphere of spare carbon. Both are possible, if the use of fossil fuels in the energy, transport, construction and chemistry sectors is terminated and the decision is made to consistently switch to a world economy with zero emissions instead. Global Feed-in-Tariffs can provide incentives for renewable energies as the German Feed-in-Tariff has proven - a measure which has been copied by almost 70 nations around the world. At the same time agricultural practices are necessary to support an increase in biodiversity, e.g.Global warming does not have to be our inescapable fate. If mankind pursues the right climate protection strategies, the earth can be cooled down to an acceptable level in a few decades.
"Renewable energy expert Mark Diesendorf issues a powerful challenge in this clear and comprehensive guide to the technology and policies we need to adopt to ensure an ecologically sustainable energy future for the planet. Sustainable Energy Solutions for Climate Change brings together the science, technology, economics and policy issues to provide a unique and truly interdisciplinary approach. It details the enormous recent changes in the energy sector and profiles the renewable energy technologies that can transform our fossil-fuelled energy systems into ecologically sustainable ones.The book provides in-depth analysis of: scenarios for transitioning our polluting energy system to one based on the efficient use of renewable energy; sustainable transport and planning for better cities; why nuclear energy is not the answer; the politics and policies of climate change mitigation; myths about wind and solar energy and energy efficiency; what people can do to overcome vested interests and push reluctant governments to take effective action"--
The endangered Saimaa ringed seal in a changing climate : challenges for conservation and monitoring
Zero-carbon energy Kyoto 2010 : proceedings of the second international symposium of global COE program "Energy science  in the age of global warming - toward CO2 zero-emission energy system"
Air pollution and global warming : history, science, and solutions
