http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22426 misogyny
misogyny
Jonathan Swift in the company of women
The white princess
Born wicked
Possible subversions : the narrative construction of identity in Agnes Smedley's Daughter of Earth
Man's dominion : religion and the eclipse of women's rights in world politics
Misogynous economies : the business of literature in eighteenth-century Britain
Headscarves and hymens : why the middle east needs a sexual revolution
Inside organized racism : women in the hate movement
The girl with the dragon tattoo
Published in 1937, twelve years before Orwell's 1984, Swastika Night projects a totally male-controlled fascist world that has eliminated women as we know them. Women are breeders, kept as cattle, while men in this post-Hitlerian world are embittered automatons, fearful of all feelings, having abolished all history, education, creativity, books, and art. The plot centers on a misfit who asks, “How could this have happened?”
The madness and perversion of Yukio Mishima
Idols of perversity : fantasies of feminine evil in fin-de-siècle culture
"Gendertrolling arises out of the same misogyny that fuels other "real life" forms of harassment and abuse of women. This book explains this phenomenon, the way it can impact women's lives, and how it can be stopped"--
The tainted muse : prejudice and presumption in Shakespeare and his time
"This study of illicit sexuality in medieval England explores links between marriage and sex, law and disorder, and property and power. Some medieval Englishwomen endured rape or were kidnapped for forced marriages, yet most ravished women were married and many 'wife-thefts' were not forced kidnappings but cases of adultery fictitiously framed as abduction by abandoned husbands. In pursuing the themes of illicit sexuality and non-normative marital practices, this work analyses the nuances of the key Latin term raptus and the three overlapping offences that it could denote: rape, abduction and adultery. This investigation broadens our understanding of the role of women in the legal system; provides a means for analysing male control over female bodies, sexuality and access to the courts; and reveals ways in which female agency could, on occasion, manoeuvre around such controls"--Provided by publisher.
Reclaiming feminism : challenging everyday misogyny
The white queen
The girl who played with fire
Resistance is (sort of) futile : mixed messages caused by irony in Dahl's short stories
The caged virgin : a muslim woman's cry for reason
Wilkie Collins, medicine and the gothic
Beauty and misogyny : harmful cultural practices in the West
The red queen
The girl who kicked the hornet's nest
The female in Aristotle's biology : reason or rationalization
Nostalgia and sexual difference : the resistance to contemporary feminism
Girls : [The complete collection]
The troublesome helpmate : a history of misogyny in literature
Headscarves and hymens : why the Middle East needs a sexual revolution
Half the sky : how to change the world
The ugly woman : transgressive aesthetic models in Italian poetry from the Middle Ages to the Baroque
Modern misogyny : anti-feminism in a post-feminist era
The handmaid's tale
Household politics : conflict in early modern England
Sex and satiric tragedy in early modern England : penetrating wit
Bram Dijkstra's Idols of Perversity explores the nature and development of turn-of-the-century misogyny in the works of hundreds of writers, artists, and scientists, including Zola, Strindberg, Wedekind, Henry James, Rossetti, Renoir, Moreau, Klimt, Darwin, and Spencer. Dijkstra demonstrates that the most prejudicial aspects of Evolutionary Theory helped to justify this wave of anti-feminine sentiment. The theory claimed that the female of the species could not participate in the great evolutionary process that would guide the intellectual male to his ultimate, predestined role as a disembodied spiritual essence. Darwinists argued that women hindered this process by their willingness to lure men back to a sham paradise of erotic materialism. To protect the male's continued evolution, artists and intellectuals produced a flood of pseudo-scientific tracts, novels, and paintings which warned the world's males of the evils lying beneath the surface elegance of woman's tempting skin. Reproducing hundreds of pictures from the period and including in-depth discussions of such key works as Dracula and Venus in Furs, this fascinating book not only exposes the crucial links between misogyny then and now, but also connects it to the racism and anti-semitism that led to catastrophic genocidal delusions in the first half of the twentieth century. Crossing the conventional boundaries of art history, sociology, the history of scientific theory, and literary analysis, Dijkstra unveils a startling view of a grim and largely one-sided war on women still being fought today.
"You may be surfing the internet and come across a topic being discussed in the comments of an article that you care deeply about, say, perhaps, recycling. You read people debating whether it really makes a difference to recycle, given the scope of environmental problems on the planet. Fair enough. But then someone starts contributing what seem to you as inane or irrational posts. This person writes that he (you won't know the gender, but trolls are most often male ) never recycles and encourages his friends not to recycle, even going so far as to throw unrecyclable materials in recycling containers he sees so as to destroy others' attempts at recycling. He expresses scorn for people who care about the planet and swears that he leaves his car running "just to piss off those dirty eco-hippies." You become incensed and start explaining to him that environmental concerns are real and provide data and links to sites with solid and well-researched information about environmental issues. But it seems that the more information you provide, the more outrageous his claims are and the more insulting he becomes. You become angry and insult him back, telling him he is illogical, stupid, and obtuse, and asking him to educate himself on these topics. But he continues to spout his insulting and infuriating nonsense. In response, you become increasingly frustrated, but nothing you say seems to have any effect on his stance. In all probability, you've been trolled"--
Stolen women in Medieval England : rape, abduction, and adultery, 1100-1500
Holy misogyny : why the sex and gender conflicts in the early church still matter
Gendertrolling : how misogyny went viral
