http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22446 girl work
girl work
Bridget Jones's diary : a novel
All dolled up : sewing clothes and accessories for girls and their 18-inch dolls
Helsinki Freezing interactive installation : b-girl's point of view
Because I am a girl : the state of the world's girls 2007.
The English roses. Book 9 : Runway rose
My scorching summer diary : by Kelly Ann
The Nordic countries - a paradise for women?
Women in collective action
Working-class girls in nineteenth-century England : life, work and schooling
Bridget Jones's diary
Spilled water
Festival fabulous : over 30 craft projects for a unique festival experience
Abstract.
Women, peace and security : study submitted by the Secretary-General pursuant to Security Council resolution 1325 (2000)
Difficult but doable : good practices for equality work
What more can we do? : developing a multicultural action plan for the Girls' House, a meeting place for girls and young women in Helsinki
Workforce preparation in a global context
Contributed articles on feminist theory of gender identity in India.
Culture, power, and agency : gender in Indian ethnography
A baby at the beach cafe
A picture of guilt
I was here
We have a message - Suñu bat
Abstracts of the refereed articles
The Pilot's wife
Girls as constructors in the early years
Habits of mind and academic endeavors : the correlates and consequences of achievement goal orientations
Almas’ story : a young muslim refugee girl’s experiences as newcomer in Northern-Finland
Barbie doll and me : 45 playful matching designs for knitting
School as developmental environment and students' coping : aspects of Estonian school today
The new ninja
Malala : a brave girl from Pakistan ; Iqbal : a brave boy from Pakistan
101 ways to have fun : things you can do with friends, anytime!
Typical girls? : young women from school to the job market
Youth Working With Girls and Women in Community Settings : A Feminist Perspective
Yoko's diary : the life of a young girl in Hiroshima during WWII
Absolutely A-line : 1 easy pattern = 26 adorable dresses for girls
Own or other culture
Carefree clothes for girls : 20 patterns for outdoor frocks, playdate dresses, and more
My brother Bernadette
Using textile arts and handcrafts in therapy with women : weaving lives back together
Bridget Jones : the edge of reason
The one dollar horse
Heist society
A taste of honey : a play
The book of tomorrow
The call
Travels in the scriptorium
The Greatest
"Make it yourself" : home sewing, gender, and culture, 1890-1930
Gendered history of (vocational) education : European comparisons
Pet shop girls
Malala a brave girl from Pakistan ; Iqbal a brave boy from Pakistan
Love letters to the dead!
The forgotten waltz
Children in their learning environments : theoretical perspectives
Violence today : actually-existing barbarism
Equal practices in education, guidance and working life
Between shades of gray
The lovely bones : a novel
Witness the night
The vanished
Global child welfare and well-being
Young femininity : girlhood, power and social change
Lying at the bottom of his apartment stairs, a postman is found dead. At first glance, his death appears to be a tragic accident. However, when Detective Superintendent Konrad Simonsen is called to investigate, he notices that something doesn't add up. Did he fall? When life-sized images of a vanished girl are discovered plastering the walls of the dead man's attic, the case takes a new and sinister turn. Who is she? Could she be alive? Soon the homicide team find themselves delving into the past, but as they approach the truth, Simonsen is forced to confront long-hidden skeletons in his own cupboard.
MODERN & CONTEMPORARY FICTION (POST C 1945). A dazzling urban satire of modern relationships? An ironic, tragic insight into the demise of the nuclear family? Or the confused ramblings of a pissed thirty-something? As Bridget documents her struggles through the social minefield of her thirties and tries to weigh up the eternal question (Daniel Cleaver or Mark Darcy?), she turns for support to four indispensable friends: Shazzer, Jude, Tom and a bottle of chardonnay. Bridget Jones's Diary was first published in 1996 and applauded by critics from Salman Rushdie to Jilly Cooper. A number-one bestseller, Helen Fielding's book has sold over fifteen million copies worldwide and has been turned into an Academy Award-nominated film starring Renee Zellweger, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant.
Lovely things : to make for girls of slender means
Irresistible
Bridget Jones's Diary : a novel
The Neapolitan novels. Book 2, Story of a new name : youth
Room for a stranger
Girls' voices : supporting girls' learning and emotional development
Boys, blues & shoes
Memoirs of a geisha
Blind to the bones
Fearless
Failing working-class girls
The little best dress : make the perfect little dress for a big occasion
