http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22440 balance of power
balance of power
Equilibrium unemployment under negotiated profit sharing
"Since the collapse of the Soviet Union, the United States enjoys unparalleled military power. The international system is therefore unipolar. A quarter century later, however, we still possess no theory of unipolarity. Theory of Unipolar Politics provides one. Dr. Nuno P. Monteiro answers three of the most important questions about the workings of a unipolar world. Is it durable? Is it peaceful? What is the best grand strategy a unipolar power such as the contemporary United States can implement? In our nuclear world, the power preponderance of the United States is potentially durable but likely to produce frequent conflict. Furthermore, in order to maintain its power preponderance, the United States must remain militarily engaged in the world and accommodate the economic growth of its major competitors, namely, China. This strategy, however, will lead Washington to wage war frequently. In sum, military power preponderance brings significant benefits but is not an unalloyed good"--
Looking for balance : China, the United States, and power balancing in East Asia
Power and politics in the Persian Gulf monarchies
Abstract: The effects of strength training on postural sway and dynamic balance among older adults.
The edge : is the military dominance of the west coming to an end?
Visions of the end of the Cold War in Europe, 1945-1990
America as empire : global leader or rogue power?
Power in world politics
Balance of power : theory and practice in the 21st century
Equilibrium unemployment with credit and labour market imperfections : the critical role of labour mobility
No virtue like necessity : realist thought in international relations since Machiavelli
Understanding international conflicts : an introduction to theory and history
Groundbreaking new take on the growing rivalry between China, India and Japan-- and what it means for America, the global economy and the twenty-first century.
The second long march : struggling against the Chinese Communists under the Republic of China (Taiwan) Constitution
The second world : empires and influence in the new global order
Discourses of war and peace
A view from the edge : do we need to contain the United States?
Europe's classical balance of power : a case history of the theory and practice of one of the great concepts of European statecraft
Abstract.
China, the U.S., and the power-transition theory : a critique
China : a wolf in the world
In 1991, the United States was the only global superpower. It seemed that the 21st century, like the 20th, would belong to America. Then came the stock market bubble, the costly foreign unilateralism of the younger Bush presidency, and the financial catastrophe of 2008. Meanwhile, China was rising and the Middle East was awakening politically. Today it is clear that America is vulnerable--to domestic and international decline and unregulated greed. Speaking from decades of experience, Brzezinski considers the implications of the changing distribution of global power, ponders why America's global appeal is waning, speculates on the likely geopolitical consequences if America declines by 2025 (will China assume America's central role in world affairs?), and describes a vision of a resurgent America: responsive to challenges, strategically deliberate, and historically enlightened in its global engagement with the new East.--Publisher description.
Beyond US hegemony? : assessing the prospects for a multipolar world
Strategic vision : America and the crisis of global power
Postural sway in one leg stance and its relationship to pain, disability and muscle strength 2 months after discectomy
Neuromuscular function and balance control in young and elderly subjects : effects of explosive strength training
Mobility and its decline in old age : determinants and associated factors
International relations theory and the consequences of unipolarity
Russia's approach to arms control, peace mediation and national dialogues
Statics for dummies
China: a wolf in the world?
The power of power politics : from classical realism to neotraditionalism
The beginning of the Cold War as a phenomenon of realpolitik : U.S. Secretary of State James F. Byrnes in the field of power politics 1945 - 1947
As one of the major actors on the scene of international politics, Russia also impacts the various efforts of arms control, conflict settlement and mediation. This pertains to issues such as the Syrian conflict, nuclear proliferation in the case of Iran or various conflicts part of the post-Soviet space. Success or failure in these efforts has considerable significance for the conduct of international relations, including Russia's own standing on the international scene. In particular, the approach adopted has impacted the chances of capitalizing on regionalization as an asset potentially bolstering Russia's weight and influence. In addition to outlining the Russian approach to arms control, conflict settlement and mediation more generally, the various contributions included in the book set out to probe the policies pursued in the case of specific conflicts such as those unfolding in the Southern Caucasus as well as Moldova. In this context the only resolved post-Soviet conflict consists of that pertaining to Tajikistan whereas all other may be described as 'frozen conflicts'. Particular attention is devoted to the case of Nagorno-Karabakh and the various efforts to address and settle that conflict. Out of the various 'rozen' conflicts part of the post-Soviet space, it stands perhaps out as the 'hottest' one, although competes for attention and need of analysis with other conflictual issues in the region.
Peaceful interaction in ten great power relations
Effect of low-load hamstring strength training on the H/Q ratio and electromyographic activity in various gymnastic actions in young aesthetic group gymnasts
Global geography
The Bosu balance trainer : Total body workout
The effects of strength training on postural sway and dynamic balance among older adults
Long-term strength and balance training prevents mobility decline among community-dwelling people aged 75 and older
"Are there recurring historical dynamics and patterns that can help us understand today's power transitions and struggles over international order? What can we learn from the past? Are the cycles of rise and decline of power and international order set to continue? Robert Gilpin's classic work, War and Change in World Politics offers a sweeping and influential account of the rise and decline of leading states and the international orders they create. Now, some thirty years on, this volume brings together an outstanding collection of scholars to reflect on Gilpin's grand themes of power and change in world politics. The chapters engage with theoretical ideas that shape the way we think about great powers, with the latest literature on the changing US position in the global system, and with the challenges to the existing order that are being generated by China and other rising non-Western states"--
The Routledge handbook of security studies
Labour management, contracts and capital markets : a general equilibrium approach
Zero-sum world : politics, power and prosperity after the crash
Second world : empires and influence in the new global order
Europe united : power politics and the making of the European Community
The Observer atlas of world affairs : a guide to major tensions and conflicts
No one's world : the West, the rising rest, and the coming global turn
National and state identity in Turkey : the transformation of the republic's status in the international system
Is the American century over?
American power and the prospects for international order
The last empire : the final days of the Soviet Union
The war of the world : twentieth-century conflict and the descent of the West
Political change in Europe : the left and the future of the Atlantic alliance
Sedative load and adverse events among community-dwelling older people
Nordic cooperation and the far north
Theory of unipolar politics
The Routledge handbook of European security
China, Japan and regional leadership in East Asia
The balance of power : stability in international systems
World out of balance : international relations and the challenge of American primacy
Power and resistance in the new world order
China's ascent : power, security, and the future of international politics
The nuclear trap : an escape route
Exploring the visions of the end of the Cold War that have been put forth since its inception until its actual ending, this volume brings to the fore the reflections, programs, and strategies that were intended to call into question the bipolar system and replace it with alternative approaches or concepts.
Asymmetrical lower-limb muscle strenght deficit in older people
The anarchical society in a globalized world
When China rules the world : the end of the western world and the birth of a new global order
Exercises for Agility, Balance, Coordination, and Strength
Winner take all : China's race for resources and what it means for us
Association of body composition, physical activity and fracture history on postural sway in girls
Perspectives on South Korea's strategic options in the 21st century : Korea's survival strategy in the 21st century - towards peace and security in Northeast Asia
Exercises for osteoporosis : a safe and effective way to build bone density and muscle strength
Unanswered threats : political constraints on the balance of power
A rising China and security in East Asia : identity construction and security discourse
Power and international relations
The balance of power in world history
Politics among nations : the struggle for power and peace
World megatrends : towards the renewal of humanity
The causes of war
Postural balance, isometric trunk muscle strength and low back symptoms among young adults
Cycling science : how rider and machine work together
Power, order, and change in world politics
Détente and confrontation : American-Soviet relations from Nixon to Reagan
The other Cold War
Arab-Iranian rivalry in the Persian Gulf : territorial disputes and the balance of power in the Middle East
The effects of an eight-week intervention on elderly people’s body awareness :  an intervention study on home-living 69-79-year-old individuals
War and peace in international rivalry
The international thought of Herbert Butterfield
The beginning of the Cold War as a phenomenon of realpolitik : U.S. Secretary of State James F. Byrnes in the field of power politics 1945-1947
Easternisation : war and peace in the Asian century
The new Silk Road, a glimpse to China's regime?
Jazz diplomacy : promoting America in the Cold War era
Understanding international relations
The anarchical society : a study of order in world politics
Swiss Ball for total fitness : a step-by-step guide improve strength & stability 20-minute workouts
The military balance in the Baltic Sea region : notes on a defunct concept
The China choice : why we should share power
China's shift : global strategy of the rising power
Rivals : how the power struggle between China, India and Japan will shape our next decade
China and Vietnam : the politics of asymmetry
Conflict control and conflict resolution
