http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22499 biolinguistics
biolinguistics
"One of the most remarkable features of phonation is the disruption of the normal respiratory cycle. Indeed, outside phonation, the normal cycle of respiration presents a comparable duration for both the inspiration and the expiration (top of Figure 1.1). Figure 1.1 Respiration cycle, without phonation (top) and with phonation (bottom) The first produced prosodic units are breath groups. At early stages of language learning, children mainly use the necessary silent pause in the inspiration phase of their respiratory cycle as boundary markers of these units. The phonation process results from the air flow generated by the lung compression during the respiration-expiration phase. This air flow generates the necessary subglottal pressure needed to produce the vibration of the vocal folds for voiced sounds (vowels, voiced consonants), friction for fricative consonants, and intraoral pressure to allow the production of stop consonants"--
The boundaries of Babel : the brain and the enigma of impossible languages
Variation and universals in biolinguistics
Everyone has questions about language. Some are from everyday experience: Why do immigrants struggle with a new language, only to have their fluent children ridicule their grammatical errors? Why can't computers converse with us? Why is the hockey team in Toronto called the Maple Leafs, not the Maple Leaves? Some are from popular science: Have scientists really reconstructed the first language spoken on earth? Are there genes for grammar? Can chimpanzees learn sign language? And some are from our deepest ponderings about the human condition: Does our language control our thoughts? How could language have evolved? Is language deteriorating? Today laypeople can chitchat about black holes and dinosaur extinictions, but their curiosity about their own speech has been left unsatisfied - until now. In The Language Instinct, Steven Pinker, one of the world's leading scientists of language and the mind, lucidly explains everything you always wanted to know about language: how it works, how children learn it, how it changes, how the brain computes it, how it evolved. But The Language Instinct is no encyclopedia. With wit, erudition, and deft use of everyday examples of humor and wordplay, Pinker weaves our vast knowledge of language into a compelling theory: that language is a human instinct, wired into our brains by evolution like web spinning in spiders or sonar in bats. The theory not only challenges conventional wisdom about language itself (especially from the self-appointed "experts" who claim to be safe-guarding the language but who understand it less well than a typical teenager). It is part of a whole new vision of the human mind: not a general-purpose computer, but a collection of instincts adapted to solving evolutionarily significant problems - the mind as a Swiss Army knife. Entertaining, insightful, provocative, The Language Instinct will change the way you talk about talking and think about thinking.
The genesis of syntactic complexity : diachrony, ontogeny, neuro-cognition, evolution
Origins of language : constraints on hypotheses
Signed and spoken language : biological constraints on linguistic form : report of the Dahlem Workshop on sign language and spoken language: biological constraints on linguistic form, Berlin 1980, March 24-28
Syntactic complexity : diachrony, acquisition, neuro-cognition, evolution
The nature of politics
The language instinct : how the mind creates language
Homo symbolicus : the dawn of language, imagination and spirituality
The evolution of language
Dialogue and culture
The Cambridge handbook of biolinguistics
Biological foundations and origin of syntax
Brain, mind, and the signifying body : an ecosocial semiotic theory
Difference as a concept, and as lived reality
Freedom and neurobiology : reflections on free will, language, and political power
Action to language via the mirror neuron system
I-language : an introduction to linguistics as cognitive science
Psychology : a European text
Sharing a world of difference : the Earth's linguistic, cultural and biological diversity
The biolinguistic enterprise : new perspectives on the evolution and nature of the human language faculty
The origins of meaning
Of minds and language : a dialogue with Noam Chomsky in the Basque country
How the brain got language : the mirror system hypothesis
Handbook of biolinguistics
Genetically modified language : the discourse of arguments for GM crops and food
Why only us : language and evolution
Phonological architecture : a biolinguistic perspective
"Language, more than anything else, is what makes us human. It appears that no communication system of equivalent power exists elsewhere in the animal kingdom. Any normal human child will learn a language based on rather sparse data in the surrounding world, while even the brightest chimpanzee, exposed to the same environment, will not. Why not? How, and why, did language evolve in our species and not in others?" "Since Darwin's theory of evolution, questions about the origin of language have generated a rapidly growing scientific literature, stretched across a number of disciplines, much of it directed at specialist audiences. The diversity of perspectives - from linguistics, anthropology, speech science, genetics, neuroscience, and evolutionary biology - can be bewildering. Covering diverse and fascinating topics, from Kaspar Hauser to Clever Hans, Tecumseh Fitch provides a clear and comprehensible guide to this vast literature, bringing together its most important insights to explore one of the biggest unsolved puzzles of human history."--BOOK JACKET.
The origins of grammar
The evolution of human language : biolinguistic perspectives
Finnish A'-movement : edges and islands
The unpredictable species : what makes humans unique
We live in a world threatened by the loss of one of humanity's greatest treasures - its linguistic heritage. But few realize that bound up with the loss of language is loss of knowledge about our environment. This book documents the complex interrelationships between the Earth's linguistic, cultural and biological diversity - what is known as its biocultural diversity. It offers a general introduction to a complex field and outlines some of the key challenges facing sustainable development from cultural and educational perspectives.
"Using an innovative approach, this book focuses on a widely debated area of phonetics and phonology: intonation, and specifically its relation to metrics, its interface with syntax, and whether it can be attributed more to phonetics or phonology, or equally to both. Drawing on data from six Romance languages (French, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, Catalan and Romanian), whose rich intonation patterns have long been of interest to linguists, J-Philippe Martin challenges the assumptions of traditional phonological approaches, and re-evaluates the data in favour of a new usage-based model of intonation. He proposes a unified description of the sentence prosodic structure, focusing on the dynamic and cognitive aspects of both production and perception of intonation in speech, leading to a unified grammar of Romance languages' sentence intonation. This book will be welcomed by researchers and advanced students in phonetics and phonology"--
Morphological naturalness
The language instinct : the new science of language and mind
The growth and maintenance of linguistic complexity
The Oxford handbook of deaf studies in language
The primacy of grammar
Language down the garden path : the cognitive and biological basis for linguistic structures
Toward an evolutionary biology of language
The structure of spoken language : intonation in Romance
Language, cognition, and the brain : insights from sign langauge research
A collective intelligence : the life sciences in the royal society as a scientific discourse community, 1665-1965
