http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22477 promises
promises
The Angel's Game
After examining Jewish writings and Greek literature of the classical and Hellenistic periods, this study reveals that Paul is unique in his exlusive use of the word group for the divine pledge, which finds its antecedent in the Abrahamic covenantal promises. It is then argued that Paul's choice of words is driven by its conceptual and linguistic correspondence with the term that forms the core of his ministry.
Being promised : theology, gift, and practice
Travis Parker has everything a man could want: a good job; loyal friends; his dream home in small-town North Carolina. In full pursuit of the good life, he believes that a serious relationship with a woman would only cramp his style. That is until Gabby Holland moves in next door. Despite Travis's attempts to be friendly, she seems to have a chip on her shoulder about him. But something compels Travis to get to know his new neighbour. His persistent efforts lead them both to make tough decisions, the consequences of which neither could have foreseen. The Choice confronts us with that most heart-wrenching question of all: how far would you go to keep the hope of love alive?
"Promises and Contract Law is the first modern work to explore the significance of promise to contract law from a comparative legal perspective. Part I explores the component elements of promise, its role in Greek thought and Roman law, the importance of the moral duty to keep promises and the development of promissory ideas in medieval legal scholarship. Part II considers the modern contract law of a number of legal systems from a promissory perspective. The focus is on the law of England, Germany and three mixed legal systems (Scotland, South Africa and Louisiana), though other legal systems are also mentioned. Major topics subjected to a promissory analysis include formation of contract, third party rights, contractual remedies and the renunciation of contractual rights. Part III analyses the future role which promise might play in contract law, especially within a harmonised European contract law"--
Love Hina. Vol. 6 / [translator: Nan Rymer] ; [English adaptation: Adam Arnold]
Circus Mirandus
A promise is a promise : story
A year of doing good : one woman, one New Year's resolution, 365 good deeds
Promises and contract law : comparative perspectives
Promises, promises : be careful what you wish for
The promise of obedience : a ritual history
Promises, morals, and law
Six years
Exploring value propositions and value drivers in task oriented information intensive online communities : case study - metal detecting find database
"Father Strieder examines the Promise of Obedience in the rite of ordination, particularly the 1991 addition of a second promise for religious, deacons, and priests to the bishop. The work connects the theological issues of the Promise of Obedience with their historical development in ordination rituals and religious vows".
Children's interpersonal trust : sensitivity to lying, deception, and promise violations
By force and fear : taking and breaking monastic vows in early modern Europe
Wish. 1
Wish. 2
Promise : how an inspired screenplay became a movie
Promise management throughout the extended consumption process : a hotel industry case study at Holiday Inn Helsinki West - Ruoholahti
Italian shoes
Wish. 3
Promises, oaths, and vows : on the psychology of promising
How to fall in love
Charlie St. Cloud
The limit
The promise to the Patriarchs
The promises of God : the background of Paul's exclusive use of epangelia for the divine pledge
The angel's game
Promising democracy : parties, citizens and election promises
The promise-plan of God : a biblical theology of the Old and New Testaments : based on toward an Old Testament theology
The promise of land and progeny to the patriarchs-Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob-is a central, recurring feature of the Pentateuch. From the beginning of the story of Abraham to the last moment of Moses's life, this promise forms the guiding theological statement for each narrative. Yet literary and historical inquiries ascribe the promise texts to a variety of sources, layers, and redactions, raising questions about how the promise functioned in its original manifestations and how it can be used to understand the formation of the Pentateuch as a whole. Joel S. Baden reexamines the patriarchal promise in its historical and contemporaneous contexts, evaluating the benefits and drawbacks of both final-form and literary-historical approaches to the promise. He pays close attention to the methodologies employed in both documentary and non-documentary analyses and aims to bring source-critical analysis of the promise to bear on the understanding of the canonical text for contemporary readers. The Promise to the Patriarchs addresses the question of how the literary-historical perspective can illuminate and even deepen the theological meaning of the Pentateuch, particularly of the promise at the heart of this central biblical corpus.
The choice
Promise, along with gift, is among the predominant metaphors for the Western Christian tradition to describe God's gracious actions. Being Promised argues that promise is itself a kind of gift exchange and analyzes the power, time, and place of God's promise. Gregory Walter offers a theological analysis of promise, anthropological and phenomenological reflection on gift exchange, and a critical appreciation of other theological appropriations of gift to support his argument. Walter clarifies the phenomenon of promise as gift and shows its theological, hermeneutical, and ethical significance. No other book theologically examines promise and gift exchange like this one does.
After you
Sea swept
Wish. 4
