http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22437 labour immigration
labour immigration
The Finnish service sector trade union Palvelualojen ammattiliitto or Service Union United has the largest amount of migrant members of all Finnish trade unions. It walks the narrow line between defending the perceived interests of its members from the 'threat' of labour immigration, and simultaneously trying to act as an immigrantfriendly force. This qualitative case study analyses the outcomes of the union's strategies in questions related to immigration. The outcomes affect different immigrant groups in a different manner. Furthermore, the established quasi-state character of the Finnish trade union movement affects both the strengths and weaknesses of its strategies. The politicized anti-immigration views in the Finnish society indirectly to some degree impact trade union strategies. Results suggest that the lay distinction between 'us' and 'them' based on nationality still shapes trade union strategy in a way that can be labeled selective solidarity.
"This book analyses the patterns of migration flow since the end of the Cold War and relates these to political and policymaking processes at EU level and among EU member states. It delivers an original and innovative perspective on the new dynamics of migration policy and the policy dilemmas facing European politicians"--
The adventure of working abroad : hero tales from the global frontier
Trafficking for forced labour and labour exploitation in Finland, Poland and Estonia
Debating migration : political discourses on labor immigration in historical perspective
Labour migration in Europe
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLVIII, 2013
Global migration : the basics
Impact of globalization of the world economy on the transboundary labor migration in the Russian border region Karelia
Diversity management and intercultural communication experiences in multicultural organisations in South Ostrobothnia
Article deals with foreign labour migration influence on both qualitative and quantitative human capital parameters. Three global challenges negatively affecting human capital in a recipient-country were found out: low-skilled migrants; contradictions in the present-day migration processes; non-application of competence-based approach towards foreign labour migrants. Authors elaborated a number of recommendations on migration policy for Russian authorities to overcome these disadvantages..
This article aims to discuss one of the phenomena of globalization: the impact of migration on sports, using football players in Turkey as an example. By presenting examples from both national and international sports teams, the growing number of migrant football players and their role in the capitalist economy is examined as it pertains to sport, as well as how they are treated within that system, economically and legally. The emigration of football players requires a social, economic, political and cultural evaluation. The article is focused on the rights and freedom, civilly and labor-wise, of emigrant football players who are brought to or come to Turkey..
International migration and ethnic relations : critical perspectives
Liberating temporariness? : migration, work, and citizenship in an age of insecurity
Gender, ethnicity and labor market disparities
Migrant workers in Russia : global challenges of the shadow economy in societal transformation
Skilled immigration today : prospects, problems, and policies
Every year, hundreds of thousands of Americans and their families accept the challenge of living and working abroad. But many of these prospective expatriates have little idea--beyond the mystery of changing money and finding the consulate--of the extraordinary experience that awaits them. Upon their return, many discover they have undergone a dramatic personal transformation. Now in possession of great self-confidence and expanded horizons, they feel capable of handling greater challenges than they would have dreamed possible. People who work abroad are off on an adventure--what Joseph Campbell called a hero's journey, complete with miraculous deeds to perform, inscrutable instructions, and important gifts to bring back. Joyce Sautters Osland, a veteran expatriate with fourteen years of experience abroad, tells the story of this modern-day Odyssey as it is lived by the working people who are exploring today's global frontier. Using Campbell's metaphor as a guide, Osland creates a pragmatic framework for understanding--and mastering--the predictable challenges of each stage in the expatriate journey. The Adventure of Working Abroad won't prescribe what to pack or how to find the train station, but it will convey the genuine grittiness of the overseas experience--all the fear, excitement, and exhilaration, as well as the transformation that expatriates undergo as they rise to the challenges of unknown languages and customs, an alien landscape, and unfamiliar obstacles. Here thirty-five seasoned expatriates tell in their own words of the unexpected perils and enormous opportunities, the turmoil and triumphs, of life in an exotic new world. Osland uses their personal stories to provide insights and important tips that will help expatriates adjust to diverse cultural norms, face new responsibilities and sudden autonomy, and better equip themselves for the difficulties of repatriation.
HOW HAVE KOUVOLA CITIZENS’ ATTITUDES TOWARDS FOREIGNERS CHANGED FROM 2005 TO 2010
Immigration debate in Finnish party newspapers : the discussion of immigration, labour-based immigration and humanitarian immigration in Nykypäivä, Suomenmaa and Uutispäivä Demari in 2009-2010
Making migration work : the future of labour migration in the European Union
Football labor emigrations within globalization and the sample of Turkey
Migration-development nexus in the Malawian health sector : European Union blue card -circular migration for development?
Galway, Ireland, 12.-13.5.2010.
Finnish trade unions and immigrant labor
Transnational families, migration and the circulation of care : understanding mobility and absence in family life
Maahanmuutto työvoiman tarpeen täyttäjänä / Satisfying labour demand through migration / produced by European Migration Network
An Introduction to international migration studies : European perspectives
Abstract : The Swedish Employer Confederation and labour migration 1945-1972.
Labor migration in the border region is one of the important processes of interaction of neighboring countries. This process intensifies in a globalizing world economy. The article presents a study of international labor migration from the Republic of Karelia, Russia. The article presents the Karelia's labor migration and make an analysis of how well they'correspond to the world trends of labor migration; highlights of the institutional conditions for migration of population in Karelia; the method of research and the results of the study; proposals for authorities in regulation of migration flows at regional level in a globalizing world economy..
Marketing dreams, manufacturing heroes : the transnational labor brokering of Filipino workers
Initial labour integration of Russian-speaking students in Finland
Pre-acculturation among voluntary migrants
European convention on the legal status of migrant workers : Convention Européenne relative au statut juridique du travailleur migrant
'I want my children to grow up in this country' : Polish family migration experiences in Finland in the context of the EU enlargement
Talent available : tapping the expat talent pool
Immigration strategy for Northern Ostrobothnia 2015
Neoliberal postcolonialism in the media : constructing Filipino nurse subjects in Finland
Trade Union Responses to Labour Immigrants: Selective Solidarity
Ukrainian labour migration in Europe : findings of the complex research of the processes of Ukrainian labour immigration
Contemporary labour migration : national and international perspectives
US Immigration Handbook : a survival handbook
Agency of labour in a flexible pan-European labour market : a qualitative study of migrant practices and trade union strategies in the Netherlands
EU labour migration since enlargement : trends, impacts and policies
Constructing and imagining labour migration : perspectives of control from five continents
Sport labor migration, globalization and dual-career : case study of international student-athletes in University of Colorado at Boulder
Freedom of movement and work-related migration in the EU : a study of problem construction in Finnish public policy
The Finnish national rapporteur on trafficking in human beings : report 2010 : trafficking in human beings, phenomena related to it, and implementation of the rights of human trafficking victims in Finland
High-skilled immigration in a global labor market
Cross-border commuting changes the way work is done : a case study of Estonian blue-collar and skilled workers in Finland
Internal migration, labour market integration, and job displacement : an ethnic perspective
Citizenship rights and freedom of movement in the European Union
The article deals with the specificity of initial labour integration for Russian-speaking students who study at the universities of Helsinki, Jyväskylä, Tampere, Turku and Helsinki. The empirical databases from the Finnish Social Science Data Archive (Tampere, 2006) are used as a basis for analysis. The empirical data has been processed using the SPSS 11.0 program. The results, based on mathematical and statistical analysis, allow us to draw conclusions about the existence of several differentiated levels of success in terms of the integration for Russian-speaking immigrants in Finland. As a result, four types of integration have been classified as follows - “well-integrated”, “potentially well-integrated”, “moderately integrated”, and “poorly integrated”. Whereas the first two types of integration are characterized by how successfully the immigrants integrate into the labour market, their language skills and the types of labour they are engaged in, the other two types are characterized by other influencing factors (educational “load,” family ties, secondary labour activity, obstacles to labour activity).
US immigration handbook : a survival handbook
International highly skilled migration : the case of Finland : an introduction
Tourism and demography
Posted work and deterritorialization in the European Union : a study of the German construction and meat industry
Exploitation of migrant workers in Finland, Sweden, Estonia and Lithuania : uncovering the links between recruitment, irregular employment practices and labour trafficking
Migration and mobility in the European Union
Who needs migrant workers? : labour shortages, immigration, and public policy
Foreign labor migration and human capital development in Russia
International highly skilled migration : the case of Finland
