http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2240 science (phenomena)
science (phenomena)
Maggie knows something's off about Val, her mom's new husband. Val is from Oldworld, where they still use magic, and he won't have any tech in his office-shed behind the house. But more importantly, what are the huge, horrible, jagged, jumpy shadows following him around? Magic is illegal in Newworld, which is all about science. The magic-carrying gene was disabled two generations ago, back when Maggie's great-grandmother was a notable magician. Then Maggie meets Casimir, the most beautiful boy she has ever seen. He's from Oldworld too, and he's heard of Maggie's stepfather, and has a guess about Val's shadows. Maggie doesn't want to know . . . until earth-shattering events force her to depend on Val and his shadows. And perhaps on her own heritage. In this dangerously unstable world, neither science nor magic has the necessary answers, but a truce between them is impossible. And although the two are supposed to be incompatible, Maggie's discovering the world will need both to survive.
Who succeeds in science? : the gender dimension
Science communication : practical guide for scientists
Stalin and the scientists : a history of triumph and tragedy 1905-1953
Science in History. Volume 1, Emergence of Science
Proceedings of the Oklahoma Academy of Science
Gover'Science Seminar 2005 - outcome : from science and society to science in society : towards a framework for 'co-operative research'
Things to make and do in the fourth dimension
Science and Christian tradition : essays
The elusive synthesis: esthetics and science
Determination of tip profile for atomic force microscopy
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Science and the public interest : communicating the results of new scientific research to the public : excellence in science
Scientific Research and Social Needs
Perspectives on the emergence of scientific disciplines
Dynamics of collaboration : the case of Finnish and American aerosol research groups
How to win a Roman chariot race : lives, legends and treasures from the ancient world
Geography among the sciences
Reliable control over approximation errors by functional type a posteriori estimates
The Merck manual of medical information
Geophysica
Temenos : studies in comparative religion presented by scholars in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
What if? : serious scientific answers to absurd hypothetical questions
Islamic spirituality and modern science : the scientific bases of Sufism
The little book of scientific principles, theories & things
Research & Study
The mad science book : 100 amazing experiments from the history of science
Summary (s. 6-11).
A survey of Islamic astronomical tables
The sacred beetle and other great essays in science
Finnish Science Barometer
Journal of Zhejiang University. Science
Jyväskylän yliopiston vuosi 2015 = University of Jyväskylä 2015
Musicæ scientiæ : the journal of the European Society for the Cognitive Sciences of Music
A down to earth guide to the cosmos
In Reinventing Discovery, Michael Nielsen argues that we are living at the dawn of the most dramatic change in science in more than 300 years. This change is being driven by powerful new cognitive tools, enabled by the internet, which are greatly accelerating scientific discovery. There are many books about how the internet is changing business or the workplace or government. But this is the first book about something much more fundamental: how the internet is transforming the nature of our collective intelligence and how we understand the world. Reinventing Discovery tells the exciting story of an unprecedented new era of networked science. We learn, for example, how mathematicians in the Polymath Project are spontaneously coming together to collaborate online, tackling and rapidly demolishing previously unsolved problems. We learn how 250,000 amateur astronomers are working together in a project called Galaxy Zoo to understand the large-scale structure of the Universe, and how they are making astonishing discoveries, including an entirely new kind of galaxy. These efforts are just a small part of the larger story told in this book--the story of how scientists are using the internet to dramatically expand our problem-solving ability and increase our combined brainpower. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand how the online world is revolutionizing scientific discovery today--and why the revolution is just beginning.
What happened to the European mind between 1605, when an audience watching Macbeth at the Globe might believe that regicide was such an aberration of the natural order that ghosts could burst from the ground, and 1649, when a large crowd, perhaps including some who had seen Macbeth forty-four years earlier, could stand and watch the execution of a king. In this turbulent period, science moved from the alchemy and astrology of John Dee to the painstaking observation and astronomy of Galileo, from the classicism of Aristotle, still favoured by the Church, to the evidence-based, collegiate investigation of Francis Bacon. And if the old ways still lingered and affected the new mind set - Descartes's dualism an attempt to square the new philosophy with religious belief; Newton, the man who understood gravity and the laws of motion, still fascinated to the end of his life by alchemy - by the end of that tumultuous century 'the greatest ever change in the mental outlook of humanity' had irrevocably taken place.
Science is a sacred cow
An introduction to the study of ethics in science and scientific research, this book covers: science and ethics; ethical theory and applications; science as a profession; standards of ethical conduct in science. Objectivity in research is considered as well as ethical issues in the laboratory. Actual case studies include: Baltimore Affair; cold fusion; Milikan's oil drop experiments; human and animal cloning; Cold War experiments; strategic defence initiative; the Challenger accident; and tobacco research.
Regularization in multistage cooperitive games
Foundations of philosophy of science : recent developments
Summary.
A comprehensible universe : the interplay of science and theology
Science in the context of human culture II : scientific meeting on: ..., September 30 - October 4, 1991
Who's who in science in Europe : a biographical guide in science, technology, agriculture, and medicine. Vol. 1, United Kingdom
The conversion of vegetated land cover to impervious surfaces has made stormwater runoff into a major hydrological concern due to its capacity to deteriorate water quality and stream health in cities. Urban forests are capable of reducing the amount of potential stormwater runoff by regulating throughfall via canopy rainfall interception. The lack of stand-scale studies of urban throughfall hinders realistic estimates of the benefits of urban trees for stormwater regulation. Urban forests are extremely variable with regard to canopy cover and species composition and are to a large extent managed by private residents with varying landscape preferences. To quantify the amount of rainfall interception by vegetation in an urban forest we measured throughfall in Raleigh, North Carolina, USA between July and November 2010. We further analyzed 16 residential yards with varying levels of canopy cover to evaluate the relative importance of different descriptive measures of vegetation in influencing throughfall in an urban watershed. Throughfall comprised 89.7 % (StdErr=0.005) of gross precipitation in the study area. Canopy cover (p<0.0001) and the percentage of coniferous trees (p=0.0305) were the most influential vegetation variables explaining throughfall whereas leaf area index (LAI) was not found to be significant. Throughfall varied significantly among yards (p<0.0001) ranging from 84.0 % (80.2 % canopy cover) to 98.2 % (60.3 % canopy cover). Differences in vegetation between front and backyards resulted in 3.1 % less throughfall in backyards. Thus, residents' management choices at yard-level affect the amount of throughfall reduced at the landscape scale.
International journal of circumpolar health
New maps for old : explorations in science and religion
The trouble with the historical philosophy of science : Robert and Maurice Rothschild distinguished lecture, 19 November 1991
Expanding expertise in science and technology decision making
Deep groundwater evolution at Outokumpu, Eastern Finland : from meteoric water to Saline Gas-Rich Fluid
Science in History. Volume 2, The Scientific and Industrial Revolutions
On scientific thinking
Lives with science : profiles of senior New Zealand women in science
European Journal for Young Scientists and Engineers
Scientific and technical communication : theory, practice, and policy
Science confronts the paranormal
Ohio journal of science
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
The alternative guide to the universe
Should I speak English of German? : conferencing and language code issues
Gender and scientific authority
Transactions of the American Philosophical Society
Electromagnetic geotomographic research on attenuating material using the middle radio frequency band
Science for the citizen
Ornis Fennica
The ethics of science : an introduction
National Science Council review
Smallpox, Syphilis and salvation : medical breakthroughs that changed the world
The politics of world politics
Who's who in science in Europe : a biographical guide in science, technology, agriculture, and medicine. Vol. 2, European Community countries: A-F
Biohacking and citizen engagement with science and technology
Waste of talents : turning private struggles into a public issue : women and science in the Enwise countries : a report to the European Commission from the Enwise Expert Group on women scientists in the Central and Eastern European countries and in the Baltic States
Electronic capital : economic and social geographies of digitalization
The scientific secrets of Doctor Who
Smithsonian contributions to zoology
The logic of scientific discovery
Towards a science of science teaching : cognitive development and curriculum demand
The limits of science
Unleashing science popularisation : studies on science as popular culture
The God delusion
The story of science
Asimov's new guide to science
Matching community needs with university R&D : Dutch science shops
Inheritance
News reporting : science, medicine, and high technology
The field : the quest for the secret force of the universe
European review : interdisclipinary journal of the Academia Europaea
Reinventing discovery : the new era of networked science
Research technology management
The immortal evening : a legendary dinner with Keats, Wordsworth, and Lamb
Observation in modern astronomy
The origins of modern philosophy of science 1830-1914. Science and method
The upright thinkers : the human journey from living in trees to understanding the cosmos
Atoms under the floorboards : the surprising science hidden in your home
Fundamentals of scientific socialism
Studies on PKCI, a putative CDK7 interacting growth inhibitor
Groundwater vulnerability of a shallow low-lying coastal aquifer in southern Finland under climate change
The meaning of science
Galileo & the art of ageing mindfully : wisdom from the night skies
Shrinks : the untold story of psychiatry
Tests for cointegration rank and the initial condition
Relative validity of an interactive 24-hour recall to assess the intake of energy and nutrients among 15-month old Malawian children
A house built on sand : exposing postmodernist myths about science
Model It!
Rhetoric and representation : exploring the cultural meaning of the natural sciences in contemporary popular science writing and literature
Science and the construction of women
A compendium of spherical astronomy : with its applications to the determination and reduction of positions of the fixed stars
Explaining scientific consensus : the case of Mendelinian genetics
Designed to help the novice scientist get started with science communication, this unique guide begins with a short history of science communication before discussing the design and delivery of an effective engagement event. Along with numerous case studies written by highly regarded international contributors, the book discusses how to approach face-to-face science communication and engagement activities with the public while providing tips to avoid potential pitfalls. A companion website includes further useful links, references, and supplementary case studies along with information on regulations and practical information specific to countries.
A bee in a cathedral and 99 other scientific analogies
Do you still think you're clever? : the Oxford and Cambridge questions
Science in Czechoslovakia and the Czechoslovak academy of sciences
Science and method
This idea must die : scientific ideas that are blocking progress
A Ph.D. is not enough : a guide to survival in science
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Science illustrated : Helsinki
Science & religion : the impact of thought upon matter
When the earth was flat : all the bits of science we got wrong
Question everything : 132 science questions - and their unexpected answers : more questions and answers from the popular 'Last word' column
Discussion papers
Sciku : the wonder of science - in haiku!
Urban residential forests in regulating throughfall and potential stormwater runoff : case study of Raleigh
Production and purification of recombinant human vascular endothelial growth factor D
30-second quantum theory : the 50 most thought-provoking quantum concepts, each explained in half a minute
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
Howtoons : [re]ignition.1
Innovative structures in basic research : Ringberg-Symposium, 4-7 October 2000
The idealistic reaction against science
Selling science : how the press covers science and technology
A passion to know : 20 profiles in science
Science and technology in post-Mao China
Science between evaluation and innovation : a conference on peer review : Ringberg-Symposium, April 2002
Analogy in science : from a psychological perspective
Science/religion controversy - are the grounds of naturalism still valid for their confrontation
Painting the volcanic landscape of early Fennoscandia : geochronology of the Meso- and Neoarchaean Suomussalmi-Kuhmo-Tipasjärvi greenstone complex, Karelia Province, Finland
Uses analogies to explain scientific truths and principles.
My age of anxiety : fear, hope, dread, and the search for peace of mind
Smithsonian contributions to botany
Exploring science with young children : a developmental perspective
Managing science : methodology and organization of research
The age of genius : the seventeenth century and the birth of the modern mind
Uncertain knowledge : an image of science for a changing world
Bulletin of the Museum of Comparative Zoology
Consumer perceptions of children's furniture in Shanghai and Shenzhen, China
From the idea that the Earth could be hollow, to the notion that bees were far too religious to bother with sex, to the claim that a dying civilisation might inhabit Mars, there have been many crackpot scientific ideas and schemes proposed throughout history. Some of these ideas remained the preserve of the lunatic fringe, whilst others were sincerely believed in by credible mainstream figures and were even put into actual practice. S.D. Tucker discusses the history and nature of several of the most bizarre and outmoded ideas from throughout history, discovering which had a grain of truth to them and which were always destined to end up on the scrapheap of history.
Speech at the inauguration ceremony of the new building of the Department of Geography of the University of Helsinki.
Morals, science and sociality
Before Galileo : the birth of modern science in medieval Europe
The theology and science dialogue : what can theology contribute
Palaeoenvironments of the Pliopithecoid primates : new evidence from the middle Miocene locality Damiao, Inner Mongolia, China
Science studies : an interdisciplinary journal for science and technology studies
Curious tales from chemistry : the last alchemist in Paris, and other episodes
Writing science news for the mass media
This volume of recent Signs articles offers some of the most significant contributions to the debates on history and theory. Illustrating the uses of theories in recent feminist historical research and the often contentious arguments that surround them, the articles speak to a number of discussions, including the theoretical tradition of political economy, the importance of class relations for understanding historical events and social relationships, and the expansion of concepts from political economy to include race. Included as well are the workings of gender signification in terms of the body, moving it from its traditionally lesser position in the hierarchical Enlightenment mind/body split. A further group of articles concerns the discursive character of power relations and the dialogic quality of language. The volume will be extremely useful for feminist historians in a variety of disciplines as well as women's studies students interested in issues of interdisciplinarity.
One culture : essays in science and literature
Literature and science
Who's who in science in Europe : a biographical guide in science, technology, agriculture, and medicine. Vol. 3, European Community countries: G-Z
Why are orangutans orange? : science questions in pictures - with fascinating answers : more questions and answers from the popular 'Last word' column
Quaternary science reviews
From magic to science : essays on the scientific twilight
Science as intellectual property : who controls research?
Science, man and society
Turkish journal of botany : Türk botanik dergisi
Who's who in science in Europe : a biographical guide in science, technology, agriculture, and medicine. Vol. 4, Non EC countries and Eastern Europe
The book tries to demonstrate the scientific reality of Islamic spirituality and clarify the misunderstandings and confusions about Islamic spirituality on scientific grounds. Scientific orthodoxy refers to magnetic sensitivity in human beings, electromagnetic energies that permeate our atmosphere, the flow of positive and negative ions in the atmosphere affecting human brain activity, the function of the pineal gland and many other empirical sources of transcendent experience that are yet to be investigated. This magnetic energy basis of spiritual experience, which the scientific camp has been forced into revealing, has proved to be a welcome development of modern science from the point of view of Islamic spirituality.
The logic of liberty : reflections and rejoinders
European Economics Letters
Journal of legal studies
Teaching science in Europe 4 : iStage developing teaching materials for ICT in natural sciences
From national prestige to the level of excellence
Epistemological beliefs and scientific reasoning in Finnish academic upper secondary education
Finding information in science, technology and medicine
Zoology in the Middle East
Aesthetic factors in natural science
This explains everything : deep, beautiful and elegant theories of how the world works
Method and fieldwork in a hermeneutical perspective
Conceptions on science, society and science education : a documentation of the German discussion. 1, Basic science at elementary education level
This book is based on a study carried out in the USA which examined the careers of some 700 scientists, all of whom had followed academic careers at least as far as a post-doctoral fellowship. The major part of the book consists of career profiles of ten women and ten men, of whom half successfully pursued an academic research career and half did not. 'Success' is defined rather narrowly as success in academic research (though the authors do occasionally acknowledge that there are other ways to 'succeed' in science). The 20 case studies make quite interesting reading, though to preserve anonymity individuals are given pseudonyms and their scientific disciplines and places of work are not identified. I found this made the profiles a little bland - after reading about 'Ann, Barbara, Christine..., Allan, Brad...' researching in 'an area of science' at 'X university' they all began to merge and it was hard to recall any particular features of each.
The flicker men
Science in History. Volume 4, The Social Sciences: Conclusion
Anticipating Omega : science, faith, and our ultimate future
Modeling, identification and control
We are all stardust : scientists who shaped our world talk about their work, their lives, and what they still want to know
Taxonomic Literature II : (TL-2)
Nine crazy ideas in science : a few might even be true
Implementing Open Access mandates in Europe : OpenAIRE Study on the Development of Open Access Repository Communities in Europe
Science in History. Volume 3, The Natural Sciences in Our Time
Science and the Christian experiment
Natural science report of the Ochanomizu University
Knowledge, science, and values : a program for scientific philosophy
Scientific discovery : computational explorations of the creative processes
European Science and Scientists between Freedom and Responsibility : a conference organised by ALLEA, Amsterdam, 2-3 December 1997
Compassion : toward a science of value
To explain the world : the discovery of modern science
Science and research in Austria
Theory and reality : an introduction to the philosophy of science
Science in the USSR
Prove It!
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
The owner's manual for the brain : the ultimate guide to peak mental performance at all ages
What is this thing called science? : an assessment of the nature and status of science and its methods
World guide to scientific associations and learned societies = Internationales Verzeichnis wissenschaftlicher Verbände und Gesellschaften
Tinkerlab : a hands-on guide for little inventors
Key drivers of stream water quality along an urban-rural transition : a watershed-scale perspective
Forgotten science : strange ideas from the scrapheap of history
Effect of ligand-binding on protein function
What Einstein didn't know : scientific answers to everyday questions
The vision of the European city
Bibliographia botanica Fenniae 1901-1950
Science and the Construction of Women is a multi-disciplinary exploration of the major questions currently challenging feminist scholars of science. The authors ask key questions: What constitutes science? How have feminists investigated it? How does science 'construct' women? How can we create a feminist discourse of science? Are the current developments to women's advantage or disadvantage? Their answers draw on material from a wide range of natural scientific, humanities and social science sources, critically examining theoretical approaches from the postmodern to the materialist to the cyborgian. A key argument of the book is that there are strong intellectual and pragmatic reasons – the rapid development of information technology, advances in fertility treatment and genetic engineering, feminist concern for environmental issues – why feminism must rigorously engage with issues of a scientific and technological nature. Science and the Construction of Women provides an important contribution to the opening-up and broadening of debate in the field. This book will be an important text for students of gender and women's studies, and science studies. It is also designed to be read by feminists both inside and outside the academy and to appeal to all those with interests in the sociology of knowledge and the history of ideas.
Envy as a retarding force in science
Stimulated and natural patterns of bioluminescence in the dinoflagellate Alexandrium ostenfeldii
iStage 2 : smartphones in science teaching
Russian intelligence gathering for domestic R&D : short cut or dead end for modernisation?
Botanica Serbica : official journal of the Institute of Botany and Botanical Garden "Jevremovac", University of Belgrade
American Association for the Advancement of Science : a brief history of the association from its founding in 1848 to 1948 : its present organization and operation : summarized proceedings for the period from January, 1940, to January, 1948 and a directory of members as of December 31, 1947.
Isotopic tracers and the fate of dissolved carbon in natural and artificial water systems
Aalto Research Day 2013 : proceedings
Experiental education of mathematics : art and games for digital natives
Fabrication of free-standing piezoelectric nanostructures for thermal transport studies
The mystery of being human : God, freedom and the NHS
History, philosophy, and science teaching : selected readings
Summary of the Finnish Science Barometer
