http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22425 misandry
misandry
The eye of the beholder
The hating game
The girl who played with fire
Hostility, unemployment and health status : testing three theoretical models
Misery bay
Honey Brown is married
Kane and Abel
Career of Evil
The temple of the golden pavilion
Re-thinking men : heroes, villains and victims
Girls : [The complete collection]
Career of evil
The velvet rage : overcoming the pain of growing up gay in a straight man's world
In the first three volumes of this series, Paul Nathanson and Katherine Young challenge theories about patriarchy that ideological forms of feminism have promoted. In this volume, they argue that we must replace those misandric theories with one that takes seriously the needs and problems of boys and men no less than those of girls and women; at the same time, they add, we must maintain the reforms that egalitarian forms of feminism have promoted. With both factors in mind, they trace the history of men - that is, culturally organized perceptions of the male body and its masculine functions - over the past ten thousand years. They show how these perceptions have evolved in connection with a series of technological and cultural revolutions: horticultural, agricultural, industrial, military, and now reproductive. This new approach sets the stage for understanding a profound and growing problem that our society must face: the increasing inability of boys and men to create or sustain a healthy collective identity. The authors define this as an identity that is distinctive, necessary, and therefore publicly valued. Without a healthy and positive identity, two current trends will continue: giving up (dropping out of school, society, or even life itself) and attacking a society that has no room for men specifically as men, believing that even a negative identity, acted out in antisocial ways, is better than none at all.
Published in 1937, twelve years before Orwell's 1984, Swastika Night projects a totally male-controlled fascist world that has eliminated women as we know them. Women are breeders, kept as cattle, while men in this post-Hitlerian world are embittered automatons, fearful of all feelings, having abolished all history, education, creativity, books, and art. The plot centers on a misfit who asks, “How could this have happened?”
Every woman alive learns this lesson early on: no one can hurt you like your best friend, and no one can make you happier. Most married woman, in fact, confide that their closest, most intimate relationship are not with their husbands, however much they love them, but with their women friends. Eva Margolies here examines this emotional hotline that runs between women and explains not only why women depend on each other, but also why thy undermine each other, particularly in their new roles in the marketplace - why "having it all" comes at such a high emotional price.
My Name Is Red
Abandon the old in Tokyo
Replacing misandry : a revolutionary history of men
Grudge match
The best of friends, the worst of enemies : women's hidden power over women
One hundred names
"A man is more than his penis - not much more but something" : the image of masculinity in three novels by Jeanette Winterson, The passion, Gut symmetries and Weight
