http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22470 maritime history
maritime history
The steamboat Bertrand : history, excavation and architecture
The sea : thalassography and historiography
Throne of jade
Falmouth in old photographs : from the archives of the Royal Cornwall Polytechnic Society
The age of sail : the master shipbuilders of the Maritimes
Sea monsters : the lore and legacy of Olaus Magnus's marine map
Warspite
Secular change of the seasonal sea level variation in the Baltic sea and secular change of the winter climate
When the waves ruled Britannia : geography and political identities, 1500-1800
Ship models : how to build them
The Oxford companion to ships & the sea
Orkney's maritime heritage
The sea-craft of prehistory
The royal yacht Caroline, 1749
Coastal and maritime Norway
Square-rigged ships : an introduction
The sea dogs  : privateers, plunder and piracy in the Elizabethan Age
Steamships. 2, Merchant ships from 1880
The Royal Navy at Gibraltar
The ends of the earth : an anthology of the finest writing on the Arctic and the Antarctic
Monsters of the sea
With its emphasis on the dynasty's concern for control of the sea--both the Mediterranean and the Red Sea--and the Nile, this book offers a new and original perspective on Ptolemaic power in a key period of Hellenistic history. Within the developing Aegean empire of the Ptolemies, the role of the navy is examined together with that of its admirals. Egypt's close relationship to Rhodes is subjected to scrutiny, as is the constant threat of piracy to the transport of goods on the Nile and by sea. Along with the trade in grain came the exchange of other products. Ptolemaic kings used their wealth for luxury ships and the dissemination of royal portraiture was accompanied by royal cult. Alexandria, the new capital of Egypt, attracted poets, scholars and even philosophers; geographical exploration by sea was a feature of the period and observations of the time enjoyed a long afterlife.
Steam coasters and short sea traders
A comparative note on the Sound toll registers, Stockholm customs accounts, and Dundee shipping lists, 1589, 1613-1622
The ritual landscape of the seaboard in historical times : island chapels, burial sites and stone mazes : a Scandinavian example
The great age of sail : Maritime art and photography
The 24-gun frigate Pandora 1779
Dictionary of disasters at sea during the age of steam : including sailing ships and ships of war lost in action 1824-1962
The copper ship : a medieval shipwreck and its cargo = Miedziowiec : wrak średniowiecznego statku i jego ładunek
Maritime heritage of Singapore
The influence of sea power upon history, 1660-1805
The National watercraft collection
Distinguished liners from the Shipbuilder. Vol. 2, 1907-1914
The sea and the civilization : a maritime history of the world
The conquest of Crete by the Arabs (ca. 824) : a turning point in the struggle between Byzantium and Islam
P&O : across the oceans, across the years : a pictorial voyage
The wreck of the Amsterdam
Admiral Yi Sun-shin and his turtleboat armada
Distinguished liners from the Shipbuilder. Vol. 1, 1906-1914
Reminiscences of the Baltic Fleet of 1855
Letters from the Mary Rose
Das Ebersdorfer Schiffsmodell von 1400 : ein authentisches Sachzeugnis des spätmittelalterlichen Schiffbaus in Nordeuropa = The Ebersdorf ship model of 1400
A second Merseyside maritime history : transactions and research
The bomb ketch Salamandre 1752
The field guide to lake monsters, sea serpents and other mystery denizens of the deep
The sea and civilization : a maritime history of the world
Le Requin 1750 : chébec and other Mediterranean vessels
Heffermehl ́s shipping guide : Europe
The opium clippers
Summaries in English.
B. I. : The British India Steam Navigation Company Limited
Outlaws of the Atlantic : sailors, pirates, and motley crews in the Age of Sail
The 20-gun ship Blandford
Turbinia : the story of Charles Parsons and his ocean greyhound
Rigging : period fore-and-aft craft
Steamships. 1, Merchant ships to 1880
Pursuit : the chase and sinking of the Bismarck
Sailing ship rigs and rigging : with authentic plans of famous vessels of the ninteenth and twentieth centuries
South Street : a maritime history of New York
The 74-gun ship Bellona
The bomb vessel Granado 1742.
Sherman Hoyt's memoirs
The history and economics of transport
The steam collier fleets
John Paul Jones and the Bonhomme Richard : a reconstruction of the ship and an account of the battle with H.M.S. Serapis
Ship models. 3, British small craft
Polish lighthouses
Modelling maritime history
Maritime contacts of the past : deciphering connections amongst communities
Ocean Liners
"How did a rural and agrarian English society transform itself into a mercantile and maritime state? What role was played by war and the need for military security? How did geographical ideas inform the construction of English - and then British - political identities? Focusing upon the deployment of geographical imagery and arguments for political purposes, Jonathan Scott's ambitious and interdisciplinary study traces development of the idea of Britain as an island nation, state and then empire from 1500 to 1800, through literature, philosophy, history, geography and travel writing. One argument advanced in the process concerns the maritime origins, nature and consequences of the English revolution. This is the first general study to examine changing geographical languages in early modern British politics, in an imperial, European and global context. Offering a new perspective on the nature of early modern Britain, it will be essential reading for students and scholars of the period"--Provided by publisher.
The command of the ocean : a naval history of Britain, 1649-1815
Exploring the maritime archaeology of Ireland
The lights and tides of the world, including a description of all the fog-signals
The search for speed under sail, 1700 - 1855
The Sea Wolf : the life of Admiral Cochrane
The sea wolves
Atlantic : the biography of the ocean
England's shipwreck heritage : From logboats to U-boats
The armed transport Bounty
American ship models and how to build them
The Venetians
Tallinn's Seaplane hangar : from plane shed to museum
Killing the Bismarck : destroying the pride of Hitler's fleet
The built-up ship model
The illustrated history of the submarine
Captain Will Laurence and his noble dragon Temeraire battle against Bonaparte's invading forces.  When China discovers that their rare gift, meant for Napoleon, is now in the hands of the British forces, they demand the return of the dragon
The sailing-ship : six thousand years of history
National Research Institute of Maritime Cultural Heritage of Korea : guide
750 years of harbour cranes in Antwerp
English/British naval history to 1815 : a guide to the literature
Risks at sea : exhibition catalogue
Ships : from the archives of Harland & Wolff, the builders of the Titanic
Ship models. 1, From earliest times to 1700 AD
The parallel worlds of the seafarer : ashore, afloat and abroad : papers from the 10th North Sea History Conference, Maritime Museum & Aquarium Gothenburg, 1-3 September 2011
Cornish wrecking, 1700-1860 : reality and popular myth
The coastal trade
Expedition to Ostrobothnia by the Russian Island Fleet in 1714 : on the Russian trail in the Maksamaa (Maxmo) Islands
Great sea disasters : the world's worst sea disasters
The 32-gun frigate Essex
Big ships little ships
The frigate Constitution and other historic ships
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
Billowing sails : notes from a sea diary
The gatefold book of the world's great warships
Ubi sumus? : the state of naval and maritime history
Good to go : the life and times of a decorated member of the U.S. Navy's elite SEAL Team Two
Cutter Le Cerf 1779-1780 : by the designer Denÿs : a monographic study
Defence sites : heritage and future
A maritime archaeology of ships : innovation and social change in late medieval and early modern Europe
The Kapudan Pasha, his office and his domain : Halcyon Days in Crete IV : a symposium held in Rethymnon 7-9 January 2000
New Zealand National Maritime Museum : a guide to the maritime story of New Zealand as presented in over 14 exhibition halls plus on-water heritage vessels
Stockholm papers in history and philosophy of technology
Deep diving and submarine operations : a manual for deep sea divers and compressed air workers. Part 1
History of oceanography : abstarcts of the VII international congress on the history of oceanography, Kaliningrad, September 8-12, 2003
Captain Cook's Endeavour : Karl Heinz Marquardt
Maritime heritage and modern ports
Medieval ships and warfare
Sail training and cadet ships
''World's greatest ship'' : the story of the Leviathan
A postcard history of the passenger liner
American gunboat diplomacy and the old navy 1877-1889
The folkboat story: : from cult to classic : the renaissance of a legend
To the sea : sagas of survival and tales of epic challenge on the seven seas
H.M.S. London
Gdańsk from the 16th to the 18th century - the life of a port city : exhibition guide
The Cunard liner Queen Mary
Sailing into Europe's future : proceedings of the 6th European maritime hertage congress
Bassett-Lowke : waterline ship models
The naval cutter Alert 1777
Summary.
Although the popular myth of Cornish wrecking is well-known within British culture, this book is the first comprehensive, systematic inquiry to separate out the layers of myth from the actual practices. Weaving in legal, social and cultural history, it traces the development of wreck law - the right to salvage goods washed on shore - and explores the responses of a coastal populace who found their customary practices increasingly outside the law, especially as local individual rights were being curtailed and the role of centralised authority asserted. This groundbreaking study also considers the myths surrounding wrecking, showing how these developed over time, and how moral attitudes towards wrecking changed. Overall, the picture of evil wreckers deliberately luring ships onto the rocks is dispelled, to be replaced by a detailed picture of a coastal populace - poor and gentry alike - who were involved in a multi-faceted, sophisticated coastal practice and who had their own complex popular beliefs about the harvest and salvage of goods washing ashore from shipwreck. --Publisher's description.
The National Maritime Museum in Gdańsk
The British Navy in the Baltic
Naval guns : 500 years of ship and coastal artillery
The ships of Christopher Columbus : Santa Maria, Niña and Pinta
Warships today : over 200 of the world's deadliest warships
Fighting ships and prisons; the Mediterranean galleys of France in the age of Louis XIV
A pageant of the sea : the Macpherson collection of maritime prints and drawings in the National Maritime Museum, Greenwich
Ordeal below zero : The heroic story of the arctic convoys in world war two
The rise of an early modern shipping industry : Whitby's golden fleet, 1600-1750
Titanic lives : migrants and millionaires, conmen and crew
Insurance and cartels through wars and depressions : Swedish marine insurance and reinsurance between the world wars
Help, business or piracy? Shipwrecks and salvage auctions as early modern entrepreneurship in the Gulf of Finland
British ocean tramps. 2, Owners and their ships
Schooner La Jacinthe 1826 : monograph and plans 1/48 scale
One bullet away : the making of a Marine officer
Classic ocean liners. 1, Berengaria, Leviathan & Majestic
The Greek trireme of the 5th century B.C. : discussion of a projected reconstruction
The Ptolemies, the sea and the Nile : studies in waterborne power
The international code of signals for the use of all nations
Renaissance War Galley 1470-1590
