http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22450 wood processing
wood processing
Improvement of flowering competence and capacity with reference to Swedish conifer breeding
Artificial polyploidy and in vitro culture of Betula spp
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Molecular Markers in Horticulture : Corvallis, Oregon, USA July 29 - August 1, 2009
The use of network-based business models has been brought up as a means of creating com-petitive edge in the tightening global competition. In practice, adopting network-based models has not yet become common in the wood products industry. The objective of this study is to gain better understanding of types of network-based business models using a case study of two small and medium-sized wood industry companies in Finland (for a sake of anonymity named as A and B). The network of company A is found to consist of mostly of established actors with a new-in-the-market value creation system, whereas network for company B is more stable and has an established value system aiming at growth and incremental innovations. Both networks had experienced difficulties in finding partners and lacked some strategic resources. Via this example we wish to stimulate further research interest on the sources of network-based competitive advantage in the traditional wood product industry in a need of renewal of business models..
Outlook on mechanical wood processing in Estonia
Proceedings of the joint IEA/Forestry Energy Programme and FAO/Cooperative Network on Rural Energy Forest Energy Conference and Workshops on: Research in Forestry for Energy Rungstedgaard, Denmark Oct 28-30,1985. Vol. I-II
Tukista tuplasti : value added wood chain 1998-2003 : loppuraportti = Value added wood chain technology programme 1998-2003 = final report
Value through Intensive and Efficient Fibre Supply : Programme Report 2010-2013
Coopetition in the Finnish forest industry : a case study
The profitability of large firms in the Finnish forest industry
Indirect selection for resistance to fusiform rust in Loblolly pine
Molecular genetics and breeding of forest trees
Furfurylation of wood - wood modification by the use of furfuryl alcohol = Furfurylering av trevirke - modifisering av tre ved hjelp av furfuryl alkohol
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fiber and deinking
Adsorption studies of polyelectrolytes and enzymes on lignocellulosic model surfaces
Papermaking science and technology. Book 11, Pigment coating and surface sizing of paper
Further processing of tropical timber in Africa : report on a seminar on The Promotion of Further Processing of Tropical Hardwood Timber held in Accra, Ghana, 13-16 February 1990.
Effect of fiber wall chemistry on pulping processes of novel Eucalyptus hybrids
PlyVisions : Raute customer magazine
Proceedings of the Xth International Symposium on Plum and Prune Genetics, Breeding and Pomology : Davis, California, USA May 20-25, 2012
Papermaking science and technology. Book 20, Biorefining of forest resources
The Arkhangelsk oblast has long been one of Russia's most important forest industrial regions. This paper analyses the changes in accessibility of forest resources and forest commodity production during the transition period in the 1990s. Special attention is given to firm restructuring, active roles of domestic capital and the different survival strategies that have been developed by industries in the region. Further analysis deals with signs of economic recovery in the forest sector due to the processes of restructuring, modernisation and self-organisation.
Polyploidy in the genus Ribes
This article focuses on the most recent internationalisation of Finnish forest companies. The profiles of the major companies are analysed. A 'world map' is drawn to illustrate the gradual formation of forest-industrial spaces in three scales: the articulation of Finnish (national) forest interest is related to the strategic openings of the Finnish forest companies within European (continental) and global (transcontinental) contexts. The suggested world map covers both the active exporting of the 'Finnish model' and the subsequent new location of Finland in the international networks. Both material and symbolic dimensions of the process are highlighted. The slow dynamics of the paper production is set against the current fluidity of societal demands that are fed by intensifying competition between the leading companies, profit maximation among the shareholders, and keen steering by globally aware environmentalists and consumers. Finally, the eco-social consequences of the contested globalisation process are addressed by examining the most controversial signs and signals. These include size ranking of the companies, profit hunting, image and identity politics, and product certifications. The theoretical framework is based on the political-ecology literature inspired by actor- and context-specific approaches. Hence, the aim is a simultaneous analysis of both material and symbolic changes in forest industrial practices.
Development steps from a scientific foundation. The Department of Forest Products Technology of Aalto University provides education and research to the benefit of the entire forest cluster
Fifth International Symposium on Plum and Prune Genetics Breeding and Pomology : Stuttgart-Hohenheim, Germany, September 6-10, 1993
Breeding field crops
The encyclopedia of wood : a tree-by-tree guide to the world's most versatile resource
Predicting breeding values with applications in forest tree improvement
Plant breeding and genetics in horticulture
Globalisation in the forest industry has its own particular characteristics which are due to a high degree of capital intensity and limits in raw material supply. Investments in new capacities are expensive and the rate of forest regeneration is slow in the traditional resource areas in the conifer dominated forests of the global North. The supply problem has lead forest companies to establish tree plantations and pulp mills in the temperate and tropical zones. This has largely modified global forest-industrial relations. I examine here how and why the establishment of the Fray Bentos pulp mill in Uruguay by a Finnish company, Metsä-Botnia, turned into an international conflict. I also show how the political reactions to the mill planning in fact relied on and further developed the international mechanisms of forest-industrial regulation. The partners of the mill project were forced to prove that the fears expressed by critical parties would not come true. The article ends with some suggestions to improve social sensitivity of forest-industrial projects by studying more systematically the dependencies between the forest industry and the environing society.
Development of forest sector in the Arkhangelsk oblast during the transition period of the 1990s
Agronomic characteristics and phytochemical profiles of advanced June-bearing strawberry lines for the northern Canadian climate
Surface interactions in polyelectrolyte-cellulose systems and their implications for flocculation mechanisms
Breeding forest trees for resistance to mammalian herbivores : a study based on European white birch
Genetics of wood production
Plant breeding for gardeners : a guide to practical hybridizing
NWBC 2015 : the 6th Nordic Wood Biorefinery Conference, Helsinki, Finland 20-22 October, 2015.
Proceedings of the Fourth International Symposium on In Vitro Culture and Horticultural Breeding : Tampere, Finland 2-7 July, 2000
Genetics, genomics, and breeding of conifers
Forest and crop biotechnology : progress and prospects
Provenances and forest tree breeding for high latitudes : proceedings of the Frans Kempe symposium in Umeå June 10-11,1986
Northeastern Forest Tree Improvement Conference : proceedings
Fourth International Symposium on Carnation Culture, Santa Fe de Bogotá, Colombia, 8-14 September 1991
Haploids in crop improvement. 1
Properties of birch (Betula pendula, B. pubescens) for sawmilling and further processing in Finland
Lessons from Fray Bentos: forest industry, overseas investments and discursive regulation
Sexual reproduction of tree crops
Horticulture - new technologies and applications : proceedings of the International seminar on new frontiers in horticulture, organized by Indo-American Hybrid Seeds, Bangalore, India, November 25-28, 1990
Woody plant biotechnology
Strategic business networks in the Finnish wood products industry: a case of two small and medium-sized enterprises
Mekaaninen puunjalostus Suomessa : Finland̕ s mechanical wood-working industry
Selection criteria in Scots pine breeding with special reference to ideotype
Vuosilusto 2004-2005 : Essays on the history of Finnish forestry
Molecular genetics and breeding for forest trees
Case study on integrated small-scale forest harvesting and wood processing operation
Suomen puun tie metsästä maailmalle = Finland's wealth of wood
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Nordic Scots pine vs. selected competing species and non-wood substitute materials in mechanical wood products : literature survey
Future of the European forest-based sector : structural changes towards bioeconomy
International Symposium on Integrating Canopy, Rootstocks and Environmental Physiology in Orchard Systems : Wenatchee, Washington, USA and Penticton, British Columbia, Canada, 17-25 July, 1996 : Vol. 1 & 2
NWBC 2012 : the 4th Nordic Wood Biorefinery Conference, Helsinki, Finland 23-25 October, 2012.
Primary wood processing : principles and  practice
Sound of Metsä : Metsä Group personnel magazine
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
Genetics and breeding of tree fruits and nuts : proceedings of the XXVI International Horticultural Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August, 2002
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Apple Breeding for Scab Resistance : 14-16 September, 2000, Trento, Italy
A colour atlas of plant propagation and conservation
Effective marketing communications mix for Russia : a timber processing equipment company case
Acacia mangium : studies on the genetic variation in ecological and physiological characteristics of a fastgrowing plantation tree species
Collins good wood handbook
Globalisation and the Finnish forest sector: on the internationalisation of forest-industrial operations
Effect of fiber wall chemisty on pulping processes of novel Eucalyptus hybrids
Biotechnology as a competitive edge for the Finnish forest cluster
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on New Floricultural Crops : Funchal, Portugal, 11-15
Suomen metsänjalostuksen yleistilastoa 1.1.1994 = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland 1.1.1994
Plant production in the North
Resolving tropical forest resource concerns through tree improvement, gene conservation and domestication of new species : conference proceedings October 9-18, 1992 Cartagena and Cali, Colombia
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Biotechnology of Fruit Species : Nelson, New Zealand, March 25-29, 2012
Tree breeding : principles and strategies
Physiology of woody plants
Methods for reducing the alkali amount during alkaline extraction of xylan
Suomalaista työtä = Finland at work
Forest genetics
Induced plant mutations in the genomics era
Genetic manipulation of woody plants
Future biorefinery programme report 2009-2011
Eleven advanced strawberry lines ("SJ011‑10", "SJ0440‑2", "SJ061‑8", "SJ066‑3", "SJ069‑3", "SJ069‑12", "SJ0814‑37", "SJ8518‑11", "K04‑12", "LL0220‑10" and "V151") were evaluated for their yield, fruit quality, total phenolic content, total antioxidant capacity, and phenolic composition, and were compared with a commercial cultivar ("Wendy"). The results showed that "SJ069‑3" had excellent soluble solids content, mid-level titratable acidity, low weight loss, and the best firmness among all the cultivars. Higher total antioxidant capacity was found in "SJ069‑3", according to ferric reducing antioxidant power and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays, an indication that "SJ069‑3" is a promising new cultivar for the fresh market. In addition to rich individual phenolics, "SJ061‑8" had the highest total antioxidant capacity, which was significantly different from the other genotypes, suggesting the potential use of this line as parent material in breeding or as a functional food ingredient. There was a strong relationship between total antioxidant capacity and total phenolic content, according to Folin-Ciocalteu, ferric reducing antioxidant power, and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays. This study confirms that anthocyanins are major phenolic compounds contributing to the main antioxidant power of strawberries.
Species and provenance experiments : some recommendation for Tree Seed Centre
Proceedings of the Fifth International Symposium on In Vitro Culture and Horticultural Breeding : Debrecen, Hungary, September 12-17, 2004
Cytogenetic studies of forest trees and shrub species : proceedings of the first IUFRO Cytogenetics Working Party S2.04-08 Symposium, September 8-11, 1993, Brijuni national park, Croatia
Breeding of broad-leaved trees and micropropagation of forest trees : proceedings of the meeting of the Nordic Group for Tree Breeding in Finland 19.-21.9.1989
Motives of Finnish forest industry for using joint ventures as an entry mode into South America
Surface modification of solid wood using different techniques
Molecular genetics of forest trees : proceedings, Second IUFRO Working Party on Molecular Genetics, Petawawa National Forestry Institute Chalk River, Ontario June 15-18, 1987
Potash, saltpeter and tar : production, exports and use of wood in Finland in the 19th century
Forest tree genetics for an uncertain future
Selected works
Proceedings of the XIth Eucarpia Symposium on Fruit Breeding and Genetics
Decay resistance of heartwood timber as a quality characteristic in Scots pine breeding
Biotechnology in forest tree improvement : with special reference to developing countries
Finland : country of forest products
Cultivation and processing of medicinal plants
Differences between sapwood and heartwood of thermally modified Norway spruce (Picea abies) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) under water and decay exposure
2009 Wood and Fiber Product Seminar : VTT and USDA joint activity : September 22-23, 2009
Wood plastic composites / : interfacial bonding, weathering and recycling
