http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22441 beauty ideals
beauty ideals
Thorvaldsen's shadow : silhouette portraits revisited as visual culture c 1800-1850 / Hans Dam Christensen
Globalizing ideal beauty : how female copywriters of the J. Walter Thompson Advertising Agency redefined beauty for the twentieth century
Hope in a jar : the making of America's beauty culture
The list
The bodies of mothers : beautiful body project
Body outlaws : young women write about body image and identity
Monuments & maidens : the allegory of the female form
The body (un)defined
The beauty myth : how images of beauty are used against women
Skintight : an anatomy of cosmetic surgery
A cultural history of the human body in the Enlightenment
Steal her style : fashion icons and how to get their look
Nose reconstructions have been common in India for centuries. South Korea, Brazil, and Israel have become international centers for procedures ranging from eyelid restructuring to buttock lifts and tummy tucks. Argentina has the highest rate of silicone implants in the world. Around the globe, aesthetic surgery has become a cultural and medical fixture. Sander Gilman seeks to explain why by presenting the first systematic world history and cultural theory of aesthetic surgery. Touching on subjects as diverse as getting a "nose job" as a sweet-sixteen birthday present and the removal of male breasts in seventh-century Alexandria, Gilman argues that aesthetic surgery has such universal appeal because it helps people to "pass," to be seen as a member of a group with which they want to or need to identify. Gilman begins by addressing basic questions about the history of aesthetic surgery. What surgical procedures have been performed? Which are considered aesthetic and why? Who are the patients? What is the place of aesthetic surgery in modern culture? He then turns his attention to that focus of countless human anxieties: the nose. Gilman discusses how people have reshaped their noses to repair the ravages of war and disease (principally syphilis), to match prevailing ideas of beauty, and to avoid association with negative images of the "Jew," the "Irish," the "Oriental," or the "Black." He examines how we have used aesthetic surgery on almost every conceivable part of the body to try to pass as younger, stronger, thinner, and more erotic. Gilman also explores some of the extremes of surgery as personal transformation, discussing transgender surgery, adult circumcision and foreskin restoration, the enhancement of dueling scars, and even a performance artist who had herself altered to resemble the Mona Lisa.
Bellissima : feminine beauty and the idea of Italy
The code
A cultural history of the human body in the Medieval Age
Venus envy : a history of cosmetic surgery
The cult of beauty : the aesthetic movement 1860-1900
Vanity : 21st century selves
Charm school
Kauneuden pauloissa : mestariteoksia Tretjakovin gallerian kokoelmista : [Taidemuseo Tennispalatsi] = Enchanting beauty : masterpieces from the collections of the State Tretyakov Gallery : [Art Museum Tennis Palace] = Förtrollad av skönhet : mästerverk ur / [luettelon toimitus = editorial work = katalogredaktion: Mikko Oranen ... et al.]
Fashion and art
Plastic surgery obsession : Brazil's Dr. Ivo Pitanguy triggered it all
Burlesque and the art of the teese ; fetish and the art of the teese
The triumph of individual style : a guide to dressing your body, your beauty, your self
Appearance is everything : the hidden truth regarding your appearance & appearance discrimination
Body work : beauty and self-image in American culture
Decades of beauty : the changing image of women : 1890s-1990s
The house that groaned
A cultural history of the human body
Beauty and the male body in Byzantium : perceptions and representations in art and text
Beauty queens : a playful history
Throughout the history of the Western world, countless attempts have been made to define beauty in art and life, especially with regard to women's bodies and faces. This title examines concepts of female beauty in terms of the ideal and the real, investigating paradigms of beauty as represented in art and literature.
History of beauty
"Cosmetic surgery represents an extreme form of modern grooming. It is the fastest growing medical specialty, yet misconceptions abound about those who undertake it and their reasons for doing so. With a grounded approach, engaging 30 women through in-depth interview, this study explores how they chose cosmetic surgery as an option. Their accounts frame a theoretical discussion, in which Northrop proposes that cosmetic surgery is initiated within the vulnerable and divisive relationship between the self and its poor body image. Poor body image and the attempt at its reparation are examined conceptually through shame and narcissism. With compelling case studies and a multi-disciplinary approach, Reflecting on Cosmetic Surgery demonstrates that shame constitutes a framework through which we formulate appearance norms and learn the art of becoming socially embodied. Shame concerns the self, but manifests in response to perceived social phenomena. Through the evaluation and amendment of body image with cosmetic surgery, notions of self and social worthiness are played out. Northrop argues convincingly for a review of the way in which we view narcissism and proposes that shame, and the discomforts arising from it, are implicated in its occurrence. This book will appeal to students and scholars across the social sciences, and particularly in women's studies and gender studies".
Plucked : a history of hair removal
We live in a society in which messages associating physical attractiveness with success and happiness are pervasive. There is an epidemic of appearance concerns amongst teenagers and adults in westernised countries and body image dissatisfaction is now considered normative. Large numbers of people experience negative impacts on wellbeing and, for many adolescents, adults, and even children, appearance concerns are influential in choices about a range of health behaviours. The challenges facing them include difficulties with social encounters and the problem of having to cope with negative self perceptions. The Oxford Handbook of the Psychology of Appearance is a comprehensive reference text written by experts in the field. It examines how people feel about the way they look, and why it is that some people are happy with their appearance whilst increasing numbers are troubled by the way they look - reporting that these appearance-related concerns affect many aspects of their lives including relationships, health and well-being. It considers the influence of other people and how the media affects thoughts and behaviours related to appearance. It explores the experiences of people living with a disfigurement in a society that seems to be increasingly focussed on appearance and the pursuit of an idealised image of beauty, size and weight. Exploring a topic that has been often neglected in the psychological literature, this book will be invaluable for health, clinical, and social psychologists, health professionals working with patients with visible differences, and those in the field of public health and education.
Nefer : the aesthetic ideal in classical Egypt
Whose life is it anyway? : living through your 20s on your own terms
Decades of beauty : the changing image of Women 1890s-1990s
Transgression through self-mutilation : the characters' struggle to establish a personal gender identity in select works by Chuck Palahniuk
Beauty secrets : women and the politics of appearance
Finnish Summary.
Facing beauty : painted women & cosmetic art
Pretty/funny : women comedians and body politics
Reshape your definition
In bed with the ancient Egyptians
A cultural history of the human body in the Modern Age
The power of beauty
Kissing the mask : beauty, understatement and femininity in Japanese Noh theater : with some thoughts on muses (especially Helga Testorf), transgender women, Kabuki goddesses, porn queens, poets, housewives, makeup artists, geishas, Valkyries and Venus figurines
Women in Italian Renaissance art : gender, representation, and identity
Venus in the dark : blackness and beauty in popular culture
The new ideal of beauty in the age of Pieter Bruegel : sixteenth-century Netherlandish drawings in the Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest : [Szépmûvészeti Múzeum,  Budapest, 14 June to 16 September 2012] / Teréz Gerszi ; with the assistance of Bernadett Tóth
Geisha & Maiko of Kyoto : beauty, art, & dance
Beauty in the pine : creative expressiveness of the pine in Japanese aesthetics
Some readings would see Barbie as reproducing ethnicity and gender in a particularly coarse and damaging way - a cultural icon of racism and sexism. Rogers develops a broader, more challenging picture. She shows how the cultural meaning of Barbie is more ambiguous than the narrow, appearance-dominated model that is attributed to the doll. For a start, Barbie's sexual identity is not clear-cut. Similarly her class situation is ambiguous. But all interpretations agree that, with her enormous range of lifestyle 'accessories', Barbie exists to consume.
A cultural history of the human body in the Renaissance
Summary: This book focuses on a period at the end of the nineteenth century when a group of artists, architects and designers found themselves linked by the search for a new Beauty. "The Aesthetic movement", as it came to be known, united romantic bohemians such as Dante Gabriel Rossetti, William Morris and Edward Burne-Jones, along with maverick figures such as James McNeill Whistler. The book brings together the finest pictures, furniture and decorative arts of this extraordinary era, setting them in the context of this glittering cast of characters. This beautiful book also reveals how artists' houses and their extravagant lifestyles became the object of public fascination. The influence of the 'Palaces of Art' created by Rossetti and Morris, Lord Leighton and others led to a widespread revolution in architecture and interior decoration, while Oscar Wilde made his name promoting the idea of 'The House Beautiful'.
Pavane for a dead princess : a novel
Fashions in makeup from ancient to modern times
Survival of the prettiest : the science of beauty
The quest for human beauty : an illustrated history
Perfect girls, starving daughters : the frightening new normality of hating your body
TV Transformations : revealing the makeover show
Extreme beauty : the body transformed
Beauty and business : commerce, gender, and culture in modern America
Are you a Jackie or a Marilyn? : timeless lessons on love, power, and style
The Oxford handbook of the psychology of appearance
Women in comedy have traditionally been pegged as either "pretty" or "funny". Attractive actresses with good comic timing, such as Katherine Hepburn, Lucille Ball, and Julia Roberts, have always gotten plum roles as the heroines of romantic comedies and television sitcoms. But fewer women who write and perform their own comedy have become stars, and, most often, they've been successful because they were willing to be funny-looking, from Fanny Brice and Phyllis Diller to Lily Tomlin and Carol Burnett. In this pretty-versus-funny history, women writer-comedians - no matter what they look like - have ended up on the other side of "pretty," enabling them to make it to the top and butt of the joke, the ideal that is exposed as funny.
Making the body beautiful : a cultural history of aesthetic surgery
Gender circuits : bodies and identities in a technological age
The art instinct : beauty, pleasure & human evolution
The search for the beautiful woman : a cultural history of Japanese and Chinese beauty
Reflecting on cosmetic surgery : body image, shame and narcissism
The body wars : why body dissatisfaction is at epidemic proportions and how we can fight back
A provocative exploration of the links between appearance, gender and sexuality. Discusses beauty and ugliness, racism and beauty standards, and the role of class in shaping images of beauty.
"Beauty and the Beast looks into physical beauty in Byzantium, and reveals a quality with an unmistakable dark side. It is the curious dynamics of beauty in general, and male beauty in particular, that this book aims to unravel in a way that affects our perception of the (male) body in Byzantium and of beauty in the Byzantine world"--Provided by publisher.
Food and culture : a reader
A cultural history of the human body in the Age of Empire
African and diaspora aesthetics / editor Sarah Nuttall ;
Beauty up : exploring contemporary Japanese body aesthetics
The burlesque handbook
Kauneuden pauloissa : mestariteoksia Tretjakovin gallerian kokoelmista : masterpieces from the Collections of the State Tretyakov Gallery = Förtrollad av skönhet : mästerverk ur Tretiakovgalleriets samlingar = Enchanting beauty
Folk jewelry of the world
Exacting beauty : theory, assessment, and treatment of body image disturbance
Glamour : a history
