http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22465 drawings (works of art)
drawings (works of art)
The notebooks of Leonardo da Vinci. Volume I
Ispalets v kolese = A Spaniard in the works
Drawing : the process
SolidWorks© surfacing and complex shape modeling bible
Transformation
Flygplansritningar 5 : Svenska Flygvapnets Transportflygplan 1926-1989 = Swedish Air Force Transport Aircraft 1926-1989
Building construction illustrated
German drawings and watercolors :  including Austrian and Swiss works
Drawing and the non-verbal mind
Drawing on the right side of the brain : a course in enhancing creativity and artistic confidence
Pietro Bracci and eighteenth-century Rome : drawings for architecture and sculpture in the Canadian Centre for Architecture and other collections
The Times book of church cats
Kazari : decoration and display in Japan, 15th-19th centuries
SolidWorks® 2011 assemblies bible
Authors of pictures, draughtsmen of words
Manual of engineering drawing : technical product specification and documentation to British and international standards
Sewing-machine stories
First drawings : genesis of visual thinking
Suomen piirustustaide Schaumanista Rantaseen : Finnish drawings from Schauman to Rantanen
Once upon a time Walt Disney : the sources of inspiration for the Disney Studios
Manual of engineering drawing
Dining with Sherlock Holmes : A Baker Street cookbook
Caspar David Friedrich : the art of drawing
Key contemporary buildings : plans, sections and elevations
The assimilation and synthesis of digital communications among architects, engineers, fabricators and builders is dramatically altering how we work and our relationship to the tools we use. New digital capacities are restructuring the organization and hierarchy of design from autonomous processes to collective workflows. The historical role of the designer as an author, a sole creator, is being replaced with semi-autonomous, algorithmically driven design workflows deeply embedded in a collective digital communication infrastructure. This is creating a number of pressures on the discipline of architecture to reorganize around the opportunities, and risks, of these changes
Geometrical designs & optical art : 70 original drawings
Turbulent times, prophetic dreams : art from Israeli and Palestinian children
Representational techniques : adj. relating to or characterised by representation, n. a way of carrying out a particular task, especially the execution of an artistic work or a scientific procedure
The sketchbook war : saving the nation's artists in World War II
Designs for English sculpture 1680-1860
Designs from the book of Kells
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2016! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2016!
Statics for dummies
The collected artwork
The day the crayons quit
Masterpieces of furniture : in photographs and measured drawings
Sophie Crumb : Evolution of a crazy artist
The elements of drawing in three letters to beginners
Manga for Dummies
Anime Studio : the official guide
Drawing in the digital age : an observational method for artists and animators
The Andy Warhol Collection : Americana and European and American paintings, drawings and prints : sold for the benefit of The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts
The little prince : the art of the movie
Masterpieces of furniture in photographs and measured drawings
The great perspectivists
Musical delights : a cavalcade of cartoons and caricature
Art before breakfast : a zillion ways to be more creative no matter how busy you are
Alberto Vargas : works from the Max Vargas collection
Queen Victoria's sketchbook
How to draw cars the Hot Wheels way
The book of yokai : mysterious creatures of Japanese folklore
Rapid prototyping systems in Wärtsilä laboratory
The drawings of Giovanni Battista Piranesi
The art of pen drawing : a manual for students illustrators, and commercial artists
We really love you
Picasso : the late drawings
Explorers' sketchbooks : the art of discovery & adventure
Paul Cézanne : the Basel sketchbooks
Jack draws anything
750 years in Paris
Actions, styles and symbols in kinetic family drawings (K-F-D) : an interpretative manual
Twenty drawings
Tunnicliffe's birds : measured drawings by C. F. Tunnicliffe
Helmetgirls : the art of Camilla d'Errico volume 2
Adventures in cartooning
Spirited cooking with liqueurs, spirits and wine
AutoCAD 2012 and AutoCAD LT 2012 : no experience required
Directing the story : professional storytelling and storyboarding techniques for live action and animation
Up and running with Autodesk Inventor Simulation 2011 : a step-by-step guide to engineering design solutions
Coloured pencil drawing techniques
Fashion designer's handbook for Adobe Illustrator
"Camilla d'Errico is a powerful voice in pop surrealism, her work combining diverse influences in imagery both singular and hauntingly familiar. Compelling and deeply personal, "Helmetgirls" documents Camilla's art and lifestyle brand that fuses manga, steampunk, and fine art into an original and meaningful aggregate. Gargantuan biomechanical headgear adorns beautiful, wide-eyed, and seemingly fragile girls. More than just decoration, the helmets express each girl's character, needs, and desires. Look deeply into the Helmetgirls' eyes - they have a story to tell."--Publisher.
Interior design visual presentation : a guide to graphics, models and presentation techniques
The notebooks of Leonardo da Vinci. Volume II
Jam session : Portraits of jazz and blues musicians drawn on the scene
Bar service : a non-technical manual for male and female bar-staff
Harold and the purple crayon
[International painting contest for children]
Michelangelo and his drawings
Orthodox icons & line drawings
Flygplansritningar 4 : Svenska Flygvapnets Spaningsflygplan 1926-1986 = Swedish Air Force Reconnaissance Aircraft 1926-1986
Childhood revealed : art expressing pain, discovery & hope
The drawings of Hans Holbein in the Collection of His Majesty the King at Windsor Castle
Old-fashioned love and romance : a pictorial archive from nineteenth century sources
Graphic war : the secret aviation drawings and illustrations of World War II
Central Italian drawings : schools of Florence, Siena , the Merches and Umbris
Visions visuals : poésies à l'encre et sur papier = poetry for Indian ink and paper
Master drawings : from cave art to Picasso
Architect's drawings : a selection of sketches by world famous architects through history
The drawings of Heinrich Kley
Using Reference in Creating a Digital Painting
A calendar of food and wine
Landscape detailing. Vol. 3, Structures
In his own write & A Spaniard in the works
Advances in projective drawing interpretation
Abraham Bloemaert, c. 1565-1651 : the drawings
Masters of our age : picked up from TV
Art models : life nudes for drawing painting and sculpting
Social scaling and children's graphic strategies : a comparative study of children's drawings in three cultures
Svensk arkitektur : ritningar 1640-1970 = Swedish architecture : drawings 1640-1970
Master drawings by Géricault
Drawings from Ancient Egypt
Don Bluth's the art of animation drawing
Mother Goose on the Loose : illustrated with cartoons from The New Yorker
Je mehr ich zeichne = The more i draw : Zeichnung als Weltentwurf = drawing as a concept for the world
The age of Dürer and Holbein : German drawings 1400 - 1550
87 boat designs : a catalog of small boat plans from Mystic Seaport
"Monsters, ghosts, fantastic beings, and supernatural phenomena of all sorts haunt the folklore and popular culture of Japan. Broadly labeled 'yokai,' these creatures come in infinite shapes and sizes, from tengu mountain goblins and kappa water spirits to shape-shifting foxes and long-tongued ceiling-lickers. Currently popular in anime, manga, film, and computer games, many yokai originated in local legends, folktales, and regional ghost stories. Drawing on years of research in Japan, Michael Dylan Foster unpacks the history and cultural context of yokai, tracing their roots, interpreting their meanings, and introducing people who have hunted them through the ages. In this delightful and accessible narrative, readers will explore the roles played by these mysterious beings within Japanese culture and will also learn of their abundance and variety through detailed entries, some with original illustrations, on more than fifty individual creatures. The Book of Yokai provides a lively excursion into Japanese folklore and its ever-expanding influence within global popular culture. It invites readers to examine how people create, transmit, and collect folklore, and how they make sense of the mysteries in the world around them. By exploring yokai as a concept, we can better understand broader processes of tradition, innovation, storytelling, and individual and communal creativity"--Provided by publisher.
Fashion design : process, innovation and practice
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2015! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2015!
Sveriges fyrar : originalritningar = Lighthouses of Sweden : original drawings : 1678-1902
Show-business : picked up from TV
Architectural drawing : a visual compendium of types and methods
Architect's sketches : dialogue and design
Digital workflows in architecture : designing design -- designing assembly -- designing industry
Living on the edge : the drawings of Nino Longobardi = Nino Longobardis teckningar = die Zeichnungen Nino Longobardis
Architectural drawings of the late Italian Renaissance : collection of the Pier Leone Ghezzi in the Vatican Library (cod. ottob. lat. 3110)
Meeting once more : inro and their design drawings
Tri značajna događaja u Hrvatskoj 1994. godine : izložba dječjih crteža = Tre inportanti avvenimenti in Croazia nel 1994. : esposizione di disegni dei bambini = Trois importants événements en Croatie en 1994 : l'exposition des dessins des enfants = Three major events in Croatia in 1994. : exposition of children drawings
The drawings of Philip Guston
How to see, how to draw : key to realistic drawing
Rapid Prototyping Systems  In Wärtsilä Laboratory
Rainbow children : the art of Camilla d'Errico
The art of Finding Dory
Manga for dummies
An introduction to the psychology of children's drawings
Fifty wooden boats : a catalog of building plans. Volume 1
Now in its 4th edition, Manual of Engineering Drawing is a long-established guide for practicing and student engineers to producing engineering drawings and annotated 3D models that comply with the latest BSI and ISO standards of technical product specifications and documentation. This new edition has been updated in line with recent standard revisions and amendments, including the requirements of BS8888 2011 and related ISO standards. Ideal for international use, it includes a guide to the fundamental differences between the relevant ISO and ASME standards, as well as new information on leg.
Caviare and after : the truth about luxury food
How to draw horses
Basic perspective drawing : a visual approach
Autodesk 3ds Max 2012 essentials : official training guide
200 decorative title-pages : an anthology of copyright-free illustrations for artists and designers
The drawings of Frank Lloyd Wright
The insider's guide to creating comics and graphic novels
Rachel Whiteread drawings
Walrus : Brandon Graham's all bum album
Drawings of architectural interiors
Drawing and looking : theoretical approaches to pictorial rresentation in children
Portraits of people and animals
Starting and managing a small restaurant
The urban sketcher : techniques for seeing and drawing on location
Piranesi : the imaginary views
Architectural Drawing is the classic, comprehensive compendium of architectural drawing. Featuring examples from many high-profile architects and firms, the nearly one-thousand drawings and photos in this book illustrate all of the various types and methods of architectural drawing. The new Fourth Edition is fully updated throughout to cover all of the latest drawing methods and includes a new chapter on the convergence of digital and traditional drawing. Online instructor ancillaries will be offered.
Interpreting children's drawings
Hokusai : mountains and water, flowers and birds
The art of dying : a jungian view of patients' drawings
An illustrated life : drawing inspiration from the private sketchbooks of artists, illustrators and designers
Architectural study drawings
David Gentleman's London
Grapefruit : book of instructions
