http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22468 micro loans
micro loans
Microcredit and international development : contexts, achievements and challenges
The contribution of microfinance to poverty alleviation and its sustainability in Ghana
Socio-economic and indebtedness-related impact of micro-credit in Bangladesh
Sustainability and mission drift in microfinance : empirical studies on mutual exclusion of double bottom lines
Microcredit and women's empowerment : does microcredit promote the borrowers to participate in the household decision-making process in Bangladesh?
"Poor people are like Bonsai trees" : an analysis of Muhammad Yunus’ thoughts on microcredit, poverty and the poor
The impact of village development funds on community welfare in the Lao People's Democratic Republic
Conversations and empirical evidence in microfinance
Socioeconomic conditions and mission drift : a study of Central American microfinance institutions
Informal finance and microfinance in Jamaica and Trinidad & Tobago : an institutional study
Microcredit, gender and neoliberal development in Bangladesh
The role of microentrepreneurial activities and microfinance in developing economies
The economics of microfinance
Achievements and challenges of microfinance institution in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
Small loans, big dreams : how Nobel peace prize winner Muhammad Yunus and microfinance are changing the world
My thesis was a comprehensive study on microfinance in Ghana. The purpose of this  thesis was to delve into the proliferation of microfinance companies in Ghana and its  associated challenges, the mode of establishment and operation. Part of this thesis  was to analyze the effects of the challenges and its impact on petty traders.  The theoretical part includes a description of the micro financing in the informal sector  with a brief history of the Ghanaian business system. Also, more light was shed  on what goes into the start-up phase of micro finance companies in Ghana from legal  regulations right to the licensing stage. The theory was based on information from  various credible websites and online publications.  This thesis was research based. Qualitative research data was employed in the empirical  part. A semi-structured interview was conducted with Pimcel Microfinance  Company. The results from this interview as well as the author's in-depth knowledge  of micro finance in Ghana played a big role in the thesis. Also, information gathered  from interactions with friends working in various microfinance institutions was deployed  in writing the empirical part of the thesis.
Micro insurance and the interface between insurers and insured households : an analysis of the Afat Vimo Partner-Agent Model of micro insurance in Gujarat, India
What Works for the Poorest? : poverty reduction programmes for the world's extreme poor
Summary.
Crowdfunding for a Novelty Product : Case Study: Goodio Cools
Evaluation of microfinance in rural Bangladesh : (sample village: Norpaiya)
Essays on microcredit in rural Bangladesh
Managing microfinance risks : some observations and suggestions
Banker to the poor : micro-lending and the battle against world poverty
Faith and Finance : predicting religious conversions in faith-based microfinance customers
Women's bank in Peru : microcredit and the empowerment of women
Essays on household and microenterprise credit in Uganda
Market microstructure : confronting many viewpoints
The winner of the Nobel Peace Prize outlines his vision for a new business model that combines the power of free markets with the quest for a more humane world--and he tells the inspiring stories of companies that are doing this work today. In the last two decades, free markets have swept the globe, bringing with them enormous potential for positive change. But traditional capitalism cannot solve problems like inequality and poverty, because it is hampered by a narrow view of human nature in which people are one-dimensional beings concerned only with profit. In fact, human beings have many other drives and passions, including the spiritual, the social, and the altruistic. Welcome to the world of social business, where the creative vision of the entrepreneur is applied to today's most serious problems: feeding the poor, housing the homeless, healing the sick, and protecting the planet.--From publisher description.
Crowd funding : how to raise money with the online crowd
A path to a life of dreams? : a study on financial markets, microcredit and gender in Uganda
Creating a world without poverty : social business and the future of capitalism
Micro-credit program and women empowerment evidence from Nepal
Microfinance, efficiency and agricultural production in Bangladesh
The rapid increase of microfinance companies in Ghana : the challenges and its effect on petty traders : case Pimcel Microfinance Company Limited
Get financing now : how to navigate through bankers, investors, and alternative sources for the capital your business needs
Differencies in microcredit between north and south : a comparative analysis of Grameen Bank and Calmeadow Metrofund
Trade-offs, rights and responsibilities in the business of microcredit : a case study from South Africa
"Poor people are like Bonsai trees" : an analysis of Muhammad Yunus' thoughts on microcredit, poverty and the poor
Microfinance and public policy : outreach, performance and efficiency
Why doesn't microfinance work? : the destructive rise of local neoliberalism
Aid that works : successful development in fragile states
Women and microcredit in rural Bangladesh : anthropological study of the rhetoric and realities of Grameen Bank lending
Handbook of microcredit in Europe : social inclusion through microenterprise development
Exploring the roles of informal, formal and semiformal microcredit in Japan
Microfinance and its discontents : women in debt in Bangladesh
Microcredit for rural women
Flows of transformation : social orders and sustainable development in the South : final report of the research network Environment, Health and Information Activities for Communities in Africa, ENHICA
Social and solidarity economy : beyond the fringe
Empowering women through microcredit : the case of Nepal
