http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22409 online journalism
online journalism
Citizens' media against armed conflict : disrupting violence in Colombia
Beyond WikiLeaks : implications for the future of communications, journalism and society
Rebuilding the news : metropolitan journalism in the digital age
Media behaviour is changing: local news, events, and services within the online media
Translation in global news
Histories of public service broadcasters on the web
Online journalism : principles and practices of news for the Web
Public journalism 2.0 : the promise and reality of a citizen-engaged press
News culture
Supermedia : saving journalism so it can save the world
We the media : grassroots journalism by the people, for the people
Chasing sustainability on the Net : international research on 69 journalistic pure players and their business models
Funding journalism in the digital age : business models, strategies, issues and trends
News at work : imitation in an age of information abundance
Audience as clicks : Web analytic tools in Finnish online newsrooms
Alternative news sources as 'collaboratory' journalism : a base study of Helsingin Sanomat and its relation with the Youth Voice Editorial Board
Flash journalism : how to create multimedia news packages
Why blog? : motivations for blogging
Inside reporting : a practical guide to the craft of journalism
Gatekeeping in transition
The Routledge Companion to Digital Journalism Studies offers an unprecedented collection of essays addressing the key issues and debates shaping the field of Digital Journalism Studies today. Across the last decade, journalism has undergone many changes, which have driven scholars to reassess its most fundamental questions, and in the face of digital change, to ask again: 'Who is a journalist?' and 'What is journalism?'. This companion explores a developing scholarly agenda committed to understanding digital journalism and brings together the work of key scholars seeking to address key theoretical concerns and solve unique methodological riddles. Compiled of 58 original essays from distinguished academics across the globe, this Companion draws together the work of those making sense of this fundamental reconceptualization of journalism, and assesses its impacts on journalism's products, its practices, resources, and its relationship with audiences. It also outlines the challenge presented by studying digital journalism and, more importantly, offers a first set of answers. This collection is the very first of its kind to attempt to distinguish this emerging field as a unique area of academic inquiry. Through identifying its core questions and presenting its fundamental debates, this Companion sets the agenda for years to come in defining this new field of study as Digital Journalism Studies, making it an essential point of reference for students and scholars of journalism.
'Weblogging' or 'blogging' has joined e-mail and Internet home pages as one of the most popular uses of the Internet. This book focuses on the British blogosphere, comparing British bloggers to the more researched US. Motivations covered include the desire to connect with others online, the need to express opinions or blow off steam, or to share experiences, and a growing financial motivation in the blogosphere. Other motivations explored include a desire to become a 'citizen journalist', a need for validation, the commercial possibilities of blogging and the possibility of turning your blog into a published 'blook'.
Text-e : text in the age of the Internet
Writing for the fashion business
e-journalism : new media and news media
The blogization of journalism : how blogs politicize media and social space in Russia
News online : transformations and continuities
"Much of what journalism scholars thought they knew about gatekeeping--about how it is that news turns out the way it does--has been called into question by the recent seismic economic and technological shifts in journalism. Some might ask: Given the new realities of economic, technological and institutional changes, does gatekeeping matter? In this anthology, an international roster of contributors attempt to answer that question, examining the role of gatekeeping in the twenty-first century and arguing for its place in contemporary scholarship about news and journalism"--
Journalism of ideas : brainstorming, developing, and selling stories in the digital age
The news gap : when the information preferences of the media and the public diverge
The rise of the blogosphere
The principles of multimedia journalism : packaging digital news
Online journalism : the essential guide
Networked : a contemporary history of news in transition
Multimedia Storytelling for Digital Communicators in a Multiplatform World is a unique guide for all students who need to master visual communication through multiple media and platforms. Every communication field now requires students to be fluent in visual storytelling skill sets, and as the present-day media adapt to a multiplatform world (with ever-increasing delivery systems from desktops to cell phones), students specializing in different forms of communication are discovering the power of merging new multimedia technology with very old and deep-rooted storytelling concepts. Award-winning journalist and multimedia professor Seth Gitner provides students with the tools for successfully realizing this merger, from understanding conflict, characters, and plot development to conducting successful interviews, editing video in post-production, and even sourcing royalty-free music and sound effects. Incorporating how-to's on everything from website and social media optimization to screenwriting, Multimedia Storytelling aims to be a resource for any student who needs to think and create visually, in fields across broadcast and digital journalism, film, photography, advertising, and public relations. The book also includes a range of supplemental material, including wide-ranging skills exercises for each chapter, interviews with seasoned professionals, key terms, and review questions.
The multimedia journalist : storytelling for today's media landscape
Social media at BBC news : the re-making of crisis reporting
Entrepreneurial journalism : how to build what's next for news
iPad journalism with the eyes of editorial staff and readers
Integrated media in change
Feature and Narrative Storytelling for Multimedia Journalists is the first text that truly focuses on the multimedia and documentary production techniques required by professional journalists. Video and audio production methods are covered in rich detail, but more importantly, various storytelling techniques are explored in depth. Likewise, author Duy Linh Tu tackles the latest topics in multimedia storytelling, including mobile reporting, producing, and publishing, while also offering best practices for using social media to help promote finished products.
Sports journalism : a multimedia primer
New media, old news : journalism & democracy in the digital age
There is no doubt, journalism faces challenging times. Since the turn of the millennium, the financial health of the news industry is failing, mainstream audiences are on the decline, and professional authority, credibility and autonomy are eroding. The outlook is bleak and it's understandable that many are pessimistic. But this book argues that we have to rethink journalism fundamentally. Rather than just focus on the symptoms of the 'crisis of journalism', this collection tries to understand the structural transformation journalism is undergoing. It explores how the news media attempts to combat decreasing levels of trust, how emerging forms of news affect the established journalistic field, and how participatory culture creates new dialogues between journalists and audiences. Crucially, it does not treat these developments as distinct transformations. Instead, it considers how their interrelation accounts for both the tribulations of the news media and the need for contemporary journalism to redefine itself.
Online journalism : a critical primer
Freedom of expression revisited : citizenship and journalism in the digital era
Handbook of digital politics
Online news : journalism and the Internet
Multimedia storytelling for digital communicators in a multiplatform world
Citizen journalism : valuable, useless, or dangerous?
Making online news : the ethnography of new media production
The online journalism handbook : skills to survive and thrive in the digital age
This report outlines how online-based journalistic startups have created their economical locker in the evolving media ecology. The research introduces the ways that startups have found sustainability in the markets of nine countries. The work is based on 69 case studies from Europe, USA and Japan. The case analysis shows that business models can be divided into two groups. The storytelling-oriented business models are still prevalent in our findings. These are the online journalistic outlets that produce original content – news and stories for audiences. But the other group, service-oriented business models, seems to be growing. This group consists of sites that don’t try to monetize the journalistic content as such but rather focus on carving out new functionality. The project was able to identify several revenue sources: advertising, paying for content affiliate marketing, donations, selling data or services, organizing events, freelancing and training or selling merchandise. Where it was hard to evidence entirely new revenue sources, it was however possible to find new ways in which revenue sources have been combined or reconfigured. The report also offers practical advice for those who are planning to start their own journalistic site.
Challenging the news : the journalism of alternative and community media
Cultural chaos : journalism, news, and power in a globalised world
Geeks bearing gifts : imagining new futures for news
Rethinking journalism : trust and participation in a transformed news landscape
There have never been so many ways of producing news and news-like content. From podcasts to YouTube, blogs and the phenomenal popularity of social media, seismic shifts are underway in global media. News 2.0 bridges the gap between theory and practice to present an integrated approach to journalism that redefines the profession. Key ideas in journalism theory, political economy and media studies are used to explore the changing cultures of journalism in a historical context. Hirst explains the fragmentation of the mass audience for news products, and how digital commerce has disconnected consumers from real democracy. He argues that journalism requires a restatement of the role of journalists as public intellectuals with a commitment to truth, trust and the public interest.
"Journalism of Ideas is a comprehensive field guide for brainstorming, discovering, reporting, digitizing, and pitching news, opinion, and feature stories within journalism 2.0. With on-the-job advice from professional journalists, activities to sharpen your multimedia reporting skills, and dozens of story ideas ripe for adaptation, Dan Reimold helps you develop the journalistic know-how that will set you apart at your campus media outlet and beyond.The exercises, observations, anecdotes, and tips in this book cover every stage of the story planning and development process, including how news judgment, multimedia engagement, records and archival searches, and various observational techniques can take your reporting to the next level. Separate advice focuses on the storytelling methods involved in data journalism, photojournalism, crime reporting, investigative journalism, and commentary writing. In addition to these tricks of the trade, Journalism of Ideas features an extensive set of newsworthy, timely, and unorthodox story ideas to jumpstart your creativity. The conversation continues on the author's blog, College Media Matters.Reimold also shows students how to successfully launch a career in journalism: the ins and outs of pitching stories, getting your work published, and navigating the post-graduation job search. Related sections of the book highlight the art of freelancing 2.0, starting an independent site, blogging, constructing quality online portfolios, securing internships, and building a social media following. "--
Convergent journalism : the fundamentals of multimedia reporting
It ́s your world, so change it
Internet newspapers : the making of a mainstream medium
After the czars and commissars : journalism in authoritarian post-Soviet Central Asia
Media convergence and business models : responses of Finnish daily newspapers
Do you want to help build what's "next" for journalism? Then jump into Mark Briggs' proven guide for leveraging digital technology to do better journalism. The media landscape changes with such ferocious speed that as soon as new technologies gain a foothold, older ones become obsolete. To keep ahead and abreast of these ever-evolving tools and techniques, Briggs offers practical and timely guidance for both the seasoned professional looking to get up to speed and the digital native looking to root their tech know-how in real journalistic principles. Learn how to effectively blog, crowdsource, use mobile applications, mine databases, and expertly capture audio and video to report with immediacy, cultivate community, and tell compelling stories. Journalism Next will improve digital literacy, fast. Briggs begins with the basics and then explores specialized skills in multimedia so you can better manage online communities and build an online audience.
Video journalism for the web : a practical introduction to documentary storytelling
Participatory journalism : guarding open gates at online newspapers
The future of newspapers
Web journalism:// : a new form of citizenship?
Feature and narrative storytelling for multimedia journalists
News on the internet : information and citizenship in the 21st century
Writing for journalists
Trust me, I'm lying : confessions of a media manipulator
This book explains the phenomenon of media convergence, defines what has been until recently a confusing topic, describes the main business models, provides case studies of successful converged newsrooms around the world, and explains how to introduce convergence into the newsroom. Stephen Quinn provides a practical introduction to the changing landscape of news reporting, and has written a useful book for students and professionals alike.
Journalism online
Online journalism ethics : traditions and transitions
Technology has disrupted the news industry--its relationships, forms, and business models--but also provides no end of opportunities for improving, expanding, reimagining, and sustaining journalism. To Jarvis, journalism helps a community better organize its knowledge so it can better organize itself: "But we in the field came to define ourselves less by our value and mission and more by our media and tools - ink on pulp or slick paper, sound or images over airwaves. Now we have new tools to exploit. Those tools require new skills and create new value. But at the core, we serve citizens and communities." He offers not a single definitive future of journalism and news, but a range of possibilities depending on how journalists and journalism evolve - with the help of the "geeks" whose advances in media technology offer many opportunities for journalists and media entrepreneurs who are willing to think creatively and take risks.
Media accountability is back on the political agenda. Debates about the phone-hacking scandal at Rupert Murdoch's News of the World have shown that the need for free and responsible journalism is more pressing than ever. Opinions, however, differ on the measures that need to be taken. Do existing structures of media accountability - such as press councils, codes of ethics, and ombudspersons - suffice, or do we urgently need new instruments and initiatives in today's converging media world? These questions were tackled in an international survey of 1,800 journalists in twelve European and two Arab states conducted by the EU-funded research project, Media Accountability and Transparency in Europe (MediaAct). The results provide a solid empirical basis for the discussions taking place. This book advances research on media accountability and transparency, and also offers innovative perspectives for newsrooms, media policy-makers, and journalism educators. Its systematic comparative design makes it an unprecedented venture in international journalism studies.
Verification handbook : an ultimate guideline on digital age sourcing for emergency coverage
Watching the watchdog : bloggers as the fifth estate
Practicing convergence journalism : an introduction to cross-media storytelling
The Routledge companion to digital journalism studies
Podcasting for teachers : using a new technology to revolutionize teaching and learning
Rethinking journalism again : societal role and public relevance in a digital age
The electronic grapevine : rumor, reputation and reporting in the new on-line environment
The end of journalism : news in the twenty-first century
Local Journalism : the decline of newspapers and the rise of digital media
Theories of journalism in a digital age
This is a much needed one-stop guide for students and practitioners that covers the theory and principles, the skills and practice, and also the realities of building a successful career in the new economy of journalism.
The elements of journalism : what newspeople should know and the public should expect
Free for all : the Internet's transformation of journalism
Making online news. Volume 2, Newsroom ethnographies in the second decade of Internet journalism
Face the future : tools for the modern media age : the Internet and journalism today
News 2.0 : can journalism survive the Internet?
Introduction to online journalism : publishing news and information
An influential media strategist reveals how blogs are controlling the news in the digital age and exposes the ways in which today's marketers are manufacturing news stories, affecting stock prices, and shaping elections.
Journalism in the age of the net : changing society, changing profession
Journalism next : a practical guide to digital reporting and publishing
Online and social media have become indispensible tools for journalists, but you still have to know how to find and tell a great story. To be a journalist today, you must have not only the practical skills to work with new technologies, but also the understanding of how and why journalism has changed. Combining theory and practice, Online Journalism will take you through the classic skills of investigating, writing and reporting as you master the new environments of mobile, on-demand, social, participatory and entrepreneurial journalism. You will also develop must-have skills in app development for smartphones and tablets, as well as techniques in podcast, blog and news website production.
Network journalism : journalistic practice in interactive spheres
Excellence in online journalism : exploring current practices in an evolving environment
This book is written by media scholars from all over Europe who are members of the Euromedia Research Group. What unites the group is the joint interest of its members in the analysis of media structures and media policy in Europe against the background of contemporary communication theories and concepts. The book has two parts: First, it looks into structural changes in specific media formats such as newspapers, radio, television and online-media. Second, it analyses specific problems and challenges in a comparative way, such as the creation of public sphere(s), the relation between media and
Social media for journalists : principles & practice
Social media and the politics of reportage : the 'Arab Spring'
The Forbes model for journalism in the digital age : training a new generation of entrepreneurial journalists
Writing for digital media
Global journalism practice and new media performance
In a thorough empirical investigation of journalistic practices in different news contexts, New Media, Old News explores how technological, economic and social changes have reconfigured news journalism, and the consequences of these transformations for a vibrant democracy in our digital age. The result is a piercing examination of why understanding news journalism matters now more than ever. It is essential reading for students and scholars of journalism and new media.
Media in Europe today
How do we practice journalism in a digital world, in which the old 'rules' no longer apply? This text offers comprehensive, instructive coverage of the techniques and secrets of being a successful online journalist, both from a theoretical and practical point of view. Reflecting the vitality of the web, it will inspire aspiring journalists to acquire new skills and make sense of a transforming industry.
Journalists and media accountability : an international study of news people in the digital age
Citizen journalism : global perspectives
Global journalism : theory and practice
Journalism re-examined: digital challenges and professional orientations : lessons from northern Europe
Ethics for digital journalists : emerging best practices
