http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22415 c-reactive protein
c-reactive protein
Gene polymorphisms affecting the production of C-reactive protein : clinical implications
Biomarkers for predicting the outcome of Puumala hantavirus infection
Low-grade inflammation in depression, anxiety and sleep disturbances
Factors predicting mortality in type 2 diabetes : with special reference to physical exercise, blood pressure, proteinuria, inflammation and P wave duration
The healthy Nordic diet, obesity and obesity-related metabolic risk factors
The health effects of sea buckthorn berries and oil
Biomarkers for risk of breast cancer during pregnancy : a nested case control study
The Development of Immune Responses and Allergy in Children from Farming and Non-farming Environments
Associations of interleukin-1 (IL-1) gene variation and IL-1 receptor antagonist phenotypes with immunological responses, metabolic dysregulation and type 2 diabetes
Preceding medication, inflammation, and hematoma evacuation predict outcome of intracerebral hemorrhage : a population based study
Preceding medication, inflammation, and hematoma evacuation predict outcome of intracerebral hemorrhage:a population based study
Nutrition related factors and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein as predictors of coronary heart disease events in patients with type 2 diabetes
Alzheimer's disease neuropathology and inflammation : a genetic and immunohistochemical study
Susceptibility to respiratory tract infections in young men : the role of inflammation, mannose-binding lectin, interleukin-6 and their genetic polymorphisms
Effects of insulin-lowering drugs in PCOS : endocrine, metabolic and inflammatory aspects
Lifetime risk factors, lifestyle, and vascular health in adulthood
Inflammation and early atherosclerosis
Early detection of severe sepsis in the emergency room in adults : clinical utility of prognostic markers
The book presents the latest advances in research into health effects of air pollution, with heavy motor vehicle traffic or cigarette smoke as the exemplar of pollution. The airways are the first-line defense system against pollution. The book focuses on respiratory ailments underlain by inflammation, increased susceptibility to infection, particularly acquired during harsh environmental conditions and exposures to particulate matter or pathogens. The importance of astute analysis of lung function for early diagnosis of disorders is underscored. A knowledge deficit concerning the aerosolized drug delivery through the airways also is addressed. Recent developments and viewpoints in the field of environmental health hazards as well as methodological advances in their assessment are provided. The book will be of interest to pulmonologists, healthcare providers, researchers and clinicians engaged in environment-related respiratory diseases, but also to policy makers concerned with clean ambient air quality.
The association of psychological distress with cardiovascular risk, the metabolic syndrome and mortality : the role of C-reactive protein
Metabolic syndrome in young adults : prevalence, childhood predictors and association with subclinical atherosclerosis : the cardiovascular risk in young finns study
Postmortem biochemistry : analysis of metabolic imbalance
Abstract. - Yhteenveto. - Sammanfattning.
Endothelial function and regulation of vascular tone in normal and complicated pregnancies
Staphylococcus aureus bacteraemia - Disease progression and prognosis
Oxidative stress and cardiorespiratory function
Cardiorespiratory function is prominently affected by oxidative stress. Cigarette smoking is the archetype of oxidative and nitrative stress and free radical formation. New adverse effects of smoking keep on propping up in research. The chapters provide the comprehensive view of new developments in this area regarding cardiovascular and lung function and muscle catabolism. Alterations in inflammatory cytokines and proteins as well as degradation of muscle proteins due to smoking, by far unrecognized, caused by oxidative stress also are presented. Much less is known about the effect of cognitive stress on vagally-mediated cardiorespiratory function and surprisingly, on vagal immune pathway. The experimental studies also show that clinically important meconium aspiration syndrome contains an oxidative trait which is amenable to antioxidative treatment. This volume creates a source of information on the damaging role of oxidative stress in cardiorespiratory function that has by far not been available.
Summary.
Abstract. - Finnish and swedish summaries.
Monitoring treatment response in Crohn's disease
Primary intracerebral hemorrhage (pICH) is a severe, suddenly occurring disease involving high mortality and poor functional outcome. In the absence of curative treatment patient management is mainly supportive with the emphasis on preventing hematoma enlargement and complications. Better understanding of the factors predicting outcome are needed to define effective treatments.An unselected population-based registry study of 982 pICH patients admitted to Oulu University Hospital during the years 1993 to 2008 was conductedThe study revealed that concomitant use of warfarin and serotonin-modulating antidepressants at the time of pICH increases the case fatality rate compared to patients with warfarin alone.An elevated C-reactive protein value on admission was an independent predictor of unfavorable outcome after pICH. This association was not explained by pre-existing heart disease, diabetes, severity of the bleeding, or infections.Patients undergoing surgical hematoma evacuation were observed to have improved 3-month survival compared to conservatively treated patients. Improved survival was noticed especially in patients with ≤70 years of age with ≥30ml supratentorial ICHs. Hematoma evacuation did not improve functional outcome.Earlier ischemic stroke was found to be an independent predictor of recurrent pICH. Diabetes seemed to increase and treated hypertension decrease the risk for fatal recurrence. Aspirin or serotonin-modulating antidepressants did not seem to increase the risk of recurrence.
The microRNAs in the blood vessel endothelial cells
Severe odontogenic infections : studies on local and systemic odontogenic infections requiring hospital care
Adiponectin and low-grade inflammation in relation to preceding factors and the course of the metabolic syndrome : a gender-specific view
Cardiovascular autonomic function in coronary artery disease patients with and without type 2 diabetes : significance of physical activity and exercise capacity
