http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22547 blood products
blood products
Perioperative bleeding and use of blood products in coronary artery bypass grafting
WHO Expert Committee on Biological Standardization : [Geneva 23-27 October 2006]
Beneficial effects of vitamin D and angiotensin II receptor blocker on arterial damage
Epidemiology of blood component use in Finland
Abstract.
Coronary artery disease (CAD) is the leading cause of death in developed countries. In patients with complex CAD, coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) remains the preferred treatment as it can provide long-lasting results. However, CABG carries a significant risk of excessive perioperative bleeding and other complications, which may deteriorate the prognosis. Transfusion of blood products is generally used to compensate blood loss. However, both bleeding and blood transfusions have been shown to be associated with an adverse outcome.This cohort study aimed to clarify the impact of perioperative bleeding and the use of different blood products in the development of perioperative complications in 2,764 patients undergoing isolated CABG. The universal definition of perioperative bleeding classification (UDPB) was employed to stratify the severity of bleeding. Additionally, the impact of storage time of transfused red blood cells (RBCs) on the outcome was investigated.Increased UDPB classes, particularly classes 3 and 4, were associated with significantly poorer immediate and late outcome. RBC transfusion in patients who underwent elective off-pump CABG was independently associated with increased troponin I release indicating myocardial injury. Prolonged storage duration of transfused RBCs did not affect immediate and late outcome of patients with moderate bleeding. The most remarkable risk factors for stroke after off-pump CABG were any degree of atherosclerosis of the ascending aorta as well as transfusion of platelets and/or solvent/detergent-treated plasma.The UDPB classification appears to be a promising research tool to stratify the severity of perioperative bleeding and to assess its prognostic impact after coronary surgery. Prevention of major bleeding that leads to blood transfusion may protect from myocardial injury and stroke and possibly result in better ea rly and late outcomes. Patients with a diseased ascending aorta could be considered at high risk of stroke because of their risk of generalized atherosclerosis. In case of mildly diseased aorta, the “no-touch” aorta policy should be considered with the intention of preventing postoperative stroke.
Technical efficiency of blood component preparation in blood centres of 10 European countries
Development of liquid chromatography mass spectrometric methods for quantification of metabolites from cellular level to clinical biomarkers
Biochemical changes in inborn and acquired errors of metabolism
Venous thromboembolism : acute diagnostic assessment and follow-up
Safety of products containing materials of human origin ; translation: Mervi Moisander
WHO Expert Committee on Biological Standardization : [Geneva from 08 to 12 October 2007]
Postoperative volume therapy in cardiac surgery : effects on hemostatic and circulatory variables
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
WHO Expert Committee on Biological Standardization : [13 to 17 October 2008] : fifty-ninth report
