http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22503 cruelty
cruelty
Medieval cruelty : changing perceptions, late antiquity to the early modern period
Picturing atrocity : photography in crisis
Birdsong
Wilful disregard : a novel about love
You alone may live : One woman's journey through the aftermath of the Rwandan Genocide
Discusses whether the brutal imagery present in reality and entertainment will shock society into a less alienated state and help create a just social order or whether focusing on representations of cruelty makes society more cruel.
The Freddie stories
This title taps into the widespread interest in, and concern about, photographs of atrocity. The book contains a broad range of atrocity photographs from throughout history and around the world, as well as essays by well-known artists and photographers.
The dream of the Celt
Blood meridian, or, the evening redness in the West
Rebels in a rotten state : Understanding atrocity in the Sierra Leone civil war
Eternal Treblinka : our treatment of animals and the holocaust
The laws of genocide : : prescriptions for a just world
Water for Elephants
American Psycho
A tale of two cities
Torture and brutality in medieval literature : negotiations of national identity
"This book is nothing less than an anatomy of torture - its methods, justifications, functions, and consequences. Drawing extensively from archives, confessions by former torturers, interviews with former soldiers, and war diaries, as well as writings by Jean Paul-Sartre, Alber Camus, and others, Lazreg argues that occupying nations justify their systematic use of torture as a regrettable but necessary means of saving Western civilization from those who challenge their rule. She shows how torture was central to guerre revolutionnaire, a French theory of modern warfare that called for total war against the subject population and which informed a pacification strategy founded on brutal psychological techniques borrowed from totalitarian movements. Lazreg seeks to understand torture's impact on the Algerian population - especially women - and also on the French troops who became their torturers.
KL : a history of the Nazi concentration camps
Cruel Britannia: Sarah Kane's Postmodern Traumatics examines four plays by British playwright Sarah Kane (1971–1999), all written between 1995 and 1999 within the context of the "Cool Britannia", or "In-Yer-Face" London theatre movement of the 1990s. Kane's plays were notorious for their shocking productions and challenging and offensive subject matter. This book analyzes her plays as products of a long history of theatrical convention and experimentation, rather than trend. I read Kane's plays through an optic of trauma theory, and link the trauma to postmodern experience as defined by war, inter-personal violence, repetitive memory, and sex as medium of violence. Kane's plays' unrelenting violence and graphic depictions of violent sex suggest a relationship with theories and practices such as Artaud's theatre of cruelty, and Kroker and Cook's theory of the postmodern as sign of excremental culture and an inherently abject state of being. Through a play by play analysis I conclude that Kane's work suggests that violence and trauma are endemic to postmodern life, and are ultimately apocalyptic due to their culmination in Kane's final play, the suicide text of 4.48 Psychosis
Revenge  wears Prada : the devil returns
"This book describes the narrative form of cruelty in modern literature. It focuses on the two main literary traditions that carry the legacy of revolutionary upheaval in modernity, the French and the American, and shows the transfers of influence that create the contemporary outline of the concept"--
Good people
The piano teacher
After the massacre : commemoration and consolation in Ha My and My Lai
The Lucifer effect : understanding how good people turn evil
Film and ethics : foreclosed encounters
Chronicler of the winds
The book of Aron
Fascination with the violent and the cruel : representations of violence and cruelty in In-Yer-Face Theatre through Sarah Kane's Cleansed and Mark Ravenhill's Faust is dead
The midwife
The science of evil : on empathy and the origins of cruelty
Cruelty : human evil and the human brain
Witness the night
The entrapments of form : cruelty and modern literature
Evil : inside human violence and cruelty
The road through the wall
Ordinary vices
The painter of battles
Jojo's bizarre adventure. Part 1, Phantom blood. [01]
The robber bride
Cruel Britannia : Sarah Kane's postmodern traumatics
Writings of persuasion and dissonance in the Great War : that better whiles may follow worse
Young Jonathan Joestar's life is forever changed when his father takes in orphan Dio Brando, who derives pleasure from seeing others suffer, and an intense rivalry begins.
The plague dogs
Prayers for the stolen : a novel
American Psycho : a novel
Mama Koko and the hundred gunmen : one ordinary family's extraordinary tale of love, loss, and survival in Congo
The wrath & the dawn
Human love
The art of cruelty : a reckoning
The undertaking
Southern Cross
The devil wears Prada
Behind the scenes at the museum
American psycho
Monsters : history's most evil men and women
Jack and Jill
Evil and human agency : understanding collective evildoing
The feast of the goat
Zero degrees of empathy : a new theory of human cruelty
The memory of love
"Through chapters dedicated to specific writers and texts, Writings of Persuasion and Dissonance in the Great War is a collection of essays examining literary responses to the Great War, particularly the confrontation of two distinct languages. One of these reflects nineteenth-century ideals of war as a noble sacrifice; the other portrays the hopeless, brutal reality of the trenches. The ultimate aim of this volume is to convey and reinforce the notion that no explicit literary language can ever be regarded as the definitive language of the Great War, nor can it ever hope to represent this conflict in its entirety. The collection also uncovers how memory constantly develops, triggering distinct and even contradictory responses from those involved in the complex process of remembering. Contributors: Donna Coates, Brian Dillon, Monique Dumontet, Dorothea Flothow, Elizabeth Galway, Laurie Kaplan, Sara Martín Alegre, Silvia Mergenthal, Andrew Monnickendam, David Owen, Andrew Palmer, Bill Phillips, Cristina Pividori, Esther Pujolrás-Noguer, Richard Smith"--Provided by publisher.
Voices of the desert : a novel
In this thoughtful exploration of a painful subject, Kathleen Taylor seeks to bring together the fruits of work in psychology, sociology, and her own field of neuroscience to shed light on the nature of cruelty and what makes human beings cruel. The question of cruelty is inevitably tied to questions of moral philosophy, the nature of evil, free will and responsibility. Taylor's approach is ambitious, but little work has been done in this area and this wide-ranging discussion, considering the roles of emotion, belief, identity and 'otherizing'; evolved instincts and differences in brains; callousness and sadism; seeks to begin to identify how we might reduce or limit cruelty in our societies by a greater understanding of its causes, and the circumstances in which it can grow. As with her highly regarded previous book, Brainwashing, Taylor draws in examples from history and literature in her study, making this a rich and multifaceted analysis that should be of interest to a wide readership, and provoke much thought, debate, and further research.
Torture and the twilight of empire : from Algiers to Baghdad
Freetown, Sierra Leone: a devastating civil war has left an entire populace with terrible secrets to keep. In the capital's hospital Kai, a gifted young surgeon is plagued by demons that are beginning to threaten his livelihood. Elsewhere in the hospital lies Elias Cole, a university professor who recalls the love that obsessed him and drove him to acts that are far from heroic. As past and present intersect, Kai and Elias are drawn unwittingly closer by Adrian, a British psychiatrist with good intentions, and into the path of one woman at the centre of their stories. "The Memory of Love" is a heartbreaking story of ordinary people in extraordinary circumstances.
Angel's fury
The wrath and the dawn
Soldaten : on fighting, killing, and dying : the secret World War II tapes of German POWs
Jojo's bizarre adventure. Part 1, Phantom blood. 03
Hannibal rising : a novel
Jojo's bizarre adventure. Part 1, Phantom blood. 02
Love, dishonor, marry, die, cherish, perish : a novel
Urgum the Axeman
The call of the wild ; White fang ; The sea-wolf ; 40 short stories
Encountering cruelty : : the fracture of the human heart
