http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22556 academic degree holders
academic degree holders
Haven without a brand : Baltic Sea region seen by Asian students and professionals
Strategies for transferring cultural capital : the case of highly skilled Finns in Europe
The changing conditions for academic work and careers in select countries
Understanding employers’ perceptions of international graduates : an investigation of the employment prospects of Finnish-educated Chinese graduates in Finnish companies operating in China
Identity, agency and the acquisition of professional language and culture
Born out of the optimism of the Paris Peace Conference, the League of Nations, and women's suffrage in Britain and the United States, the International Federation of University Women (IFUW) was founded in 1920 and consciously set out to break the mold of prewar society. To achieve sweeping professional and social change, the IFUW brought together women passionately committed to promoting higher education as a means to achieve international understanding, and launched an international academic women's network to achieve these objectives, weaving together personal friendships and professional contacts across divisions hardened by the unprecedented ordeal of global conflict. At its peak, the IFUW had 24,000 members and had expanded to thirty nations. In this fascinating transnational study, Christine von Oertzen traces the IFUW's rise in the international arena and its eventual decline in the Cold War era, making a valuable contribution to the cultural histories of diplomacy and intellectual exchange
Behind every successful man : wives of medicine and academe
International highly skilled migration : the case of Finland : an introduction
Language attitudes of tertiary-educated Jamaicans toward Jamaican Creole and its use in primary education
High-skilled immigration in a global labor market
Abstract.
Becoming a successful early career researcher
Native talents employed by SME companies for internationalisation and exports purposes in Pirkanmaa
Marriage migration and skills : narratives of Latvian women in Finland
Employability of international graduates educated in Finnish higher education institutions
Changing governance and management in higher education : the perspectives of the academy
Early Transition Trends and Differences of Higher Education Attainment in the Former Soviet Union, Central and Eastern European Countries
Miss Carter's war
Student lives in crisis : deepening inequality in times of austerity
Arts and humanities academics in schools : mapping the pedagogical interface
Employability of international graduates educated in Finnish higher education institutions : a summary
Aspiration to work : an analysis of obstacles for employment experienced by foreign professionals in Finland
Nordic students abroad : student mobility patterns, student support systems and labour market outcomes
The past trends in tertiary education attainment of selected post-communist countries are investigated through population projections. Did a common higher education policy manifest itself through attainment levels, and how did the situation change after the collapse of the Soviet regime? The approach is based on comprehensive back-projections ranging from year 2000 to 1970. Descriptive findings for most countries show that the level of tertiary education attainment for women has surpassed that of men sooner than in Western Europe. Results are discussed in light of individual countries' pre-war higher education models and former communist policy, and possible implications are derived for future study of higher education attainment.
Managing academics : a question of perspective
Demonstrates how the success of universities depends on the working conditions of the younger academic generation. Young faculty are the future of academia, yet without attractive career paths for young academics, the future of the university is bleak. Featuring case studies from Brazil, China, France, Germany, India, Norway, Portugal, Russia, South Africa, and the United States, Young Faculty in the Twenty-First Century is the first book to analyze issues facing early-career higher education faculty in an international context. The contributors discuss how young academics are affected by contracts, salaries, the structure of careers, and institutional conditions. The analyses cover the full spectrum of the academic profession, including part-time jobs and short-term contracts, both in public and private institutions. The book also addresses what universities must do in order to attract young, qualified candidates.
"This book explores the emerging area of English as a Lingua Franca (ELF) in academic settings. The emergence and recognition of English used as a Lingua Franca (ELF) offers new opportunities for investigating language change and language contact. This volume explores the use of English in an academic context and between speakers from a range of language backgrounds, and is the only book to date to present spoken academic English from a non-native speaker perspective. Data examined from the one-million-word English as a Lingua Franca in Academic Settings (ELFA) corpus provides an in-depth account of how speakers use and shape the language through dialogue in intellectually and verbally demanding situations. Available separately as a paperback"--
Becoming an academic : international perspectives
Highly skilled mobility and migration from MENA region to Finland : a socio-analytical approach
"And then all of the sudden, you're still here with bad Finnish" : American women's narratives of cultural adjustment in Finland
You don't have to live like this : a novel
Migration-development nexus in the Malawian health sector : European Union blue card -circular migration for development?
Learning to become a professional in a textually-mediated world : a text-oriented study of placement practices
Student mobilities, migration and the internationalization of higher education
This book presents the analysis of the representative survey about the academic profession in twelve European countries. Higher education in Europe has experienced a substantial change in recent years: Expansion progresses further, the expectation to deliver useful contributions of knowledge to the “knowledge society” is on the rise, and efforts to steer academic work through external forces and strong international management are more widespread than ever. Representative surveys of the academic profession in twelve European countries show how professors and junior staff at universities and other institutions of higher education view the role of higher education in society and their professional situation and how they actually shape their professional tasks. Academics differ across Europe substantially in their employment and working conditions, their views and their activities. Most of them favour the preservation of a close link between teaching and research and feel responsible for both theory and practice. Most consider efforts to enhance academic quality and social relevance as compatible. The overall satisfaction with their professional situation is rather high. --Publisher's description.
Employers' intention to hire highly educated foreign workforce in the Kokkola region : implications for higher education
The academic profession : an international perspective
Travelling towards a mirage? : gender, leadership and higher education
The perils of highly skilled mobility : welfare, risk, and temporary migration from the Nordic region to India
Highly educated women in Tanzania : constructing educational well-being and agency
Mobility of women and notions of public space in Upper Egypt
Highly educated Taiwanese women seeking a self-acceptable social position in Finland
Deaf professionals and designated interpreters : a new paradigm
Young faculty in the twenty-first century : international perspectives
Understanding employers' perceptions of international graduates : an investigation of the employment prospects of Finnish-educated Chinese graduates in Finnish companies operating in China
Believe and destroy : intellectuals in the SS war machine
"The emergence and recognition of English used as a Lingua Franca (ELF) offers new opportunities for investigating language change and language contact. This timely volume explores the use of English in an academic context and between speakers from a range of language backgrounds. Data examined from the one-million-word English as a Lingua Franca in Academic Settings (ELFA) corpus provides an in-depth account of how speakers use and shape the language through dialogue in intellectually and verbally demanding situations. Social and cognitive perspectives are offered on the form and function of the language as used in situ, including its phraseology and lexis, the negotiation of topics, and the co-construction of comprehension. Finally, the book discusses the implications of ELF for the language professions and suggests a way ahead for the future of ELF teaching and research. Exploring ELF is essential reading for practitioners and researchers involved in ELF and EAP"--
Higher education graduates' employment and the uncertainty of working life
The latest financial crisis has given rise to sweeping transformations in labor markets. Today, many developed countries require a variety of skilled workers in order to develop a knowledge economy. Since these countries face certain internal demographic and educational problems that are obstacles to sustained economic growth, they require skilled migrant workers. Our study analyzes these situations in two Nordic countries, Finland and Sweden. We found that both countries are using an active strategy through policies aimed to attract and retain the most talented foreign students and workers, easing their entrance into labor markets and granting them permanent residence..
Finland and Sweden : matching labor market needs with talented migrants
The work situation of the academic profession in Europe : findings of a survey in twelve countries
This book draws on research in Australia, Canada, UK, and US into the experiences of doctoral students, postdoctoral researchers and new academics. Each chapter develops research-informed implications for policy and practice to support developing academics, and concludes with commentaries by early career academics, developers and administrators.
The American academic profession : transformation in contemporary higher education
Transnational highly skilled Finnish migrants in Europe : choosing one's identity
Studies on earnings dynamics and uncertainty in return to education
Making it abroad : experiences of highly skilled Finns in the European Union labour markets
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
The academic profession : national, disciplinary, and institutional settings
Autonomous renewal of gendered practices : interventions and their pre-conditions at an academic workplace
Spatialities of work and home in a dual-career context of highly skilled Arab women in Finland
Managing Academics offers contrasting perspectives of managing others in order to provoke alternative interpretations of academic work, identity, working relationships and scholarship outcomes in higher education institutions (HEIs). The author leverages a novel analytical-empirical approach to challenge the notion that managing others is a unitary, values-free process. This approach raises awareness of managing as a social process in which personal values and identity questions are treated as issues of importance to the manager and managed. Studies of academic values such as identity, professionalism and quality of worklife are integrated with authority, commitment and client-community service concepts developed within the disciplines of psychology and management in a multiple perspectives model. To enable different types of academic work to be valued and enacted simultaneously in HEIs, chapters on hybridity and perspective taking are presented. This innovative book is essential reading for academic managers in universities and colleges. It will also be of great value to academics and research students in business, management and higher education studies, and indeed anyone with an interest in the process of managing professionals.
International highly skilled migration : the case of Finland
Smooth path or long and winding road? : how institutions shape the transition from higher education to work
Encountering difference : the experience of Nordic highly skilled citizens in India
Intern nation : how to earn nothing and learn little in the brave new economy
Analysing the consequences of academic mobility and migration
Precarity, survival, change : China's ant tribes
A Marketing Strategy for International Summer School
Deaf Professionals and Designated Interpreters: A New Paradigm defines a new model that depends upon strong partnerships between the growing number of deaf experts and their interpreters. Editors Peter C. Hauser, Karen L. Finch, and Angela B. Hauser have called upon more than a score of widely respected researchers to discuss the new dynamics of interpreting for deaf professionals. Divided into two parts, this volume first delineates Designated Interpreting, in which interpreters team with deaf professionals to advance a shared point of view. Chapters in this section include the linguistics of the partnership (Look-Pause-Nod); the varying attitudes and behavior of deaf professionals and their interpreters; interaction in the work-related social setting to ensure equal participation; interpreting as affected by conversational style and gender factors; academic and educational interpreting for deaf academics; and adjusting company policies with professional interpreter guidelines. Part II, Deaf Professional and Designated Interpreter Partnerships, offers relevant examples of interpreting for deaf professionals in real estate, contemporary art, medicine, business administration, education, mental health, film-making, and information technology. These anecdotal chapters demonstrate the critical complexity of the relationships between professionals and interpreters, a revolutionary transformation that will be appreciated by interpreter preparation programs, instructors, interpreters, and their clients alike.
Transnational competence : empowering professional curricula for horizon-rising challenges
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
Exploring ELF : academic English shaped by non-native speakers
Studies on human capital flows and spatial labour markets
How globally mobile "elites" experience distance : highly skilled Finns in Silicon Valley
Talent available : tapping the expat talent pool
Science, gender, and internationalism : women's academic networks, 1917-1955
