http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22551 business coaching
business coaching
Transformative coaching : a learning theory for practice
Coaching presence : building consciousness and awareness in coaching interventions
Appreciative coaching : a positive process for change
Niche marketing for coaches : a practical handbook for building a life coaching executive coaching or business coaching practise
NLP coaching : an evidence-based approach for coaches, leaders and individuals
Don't just do something, sit there : an introduction to non-directive coaching
Coaching : evoking excellence in others
Challenging coaching : going beyond traditional coaching to face the facts
Abstract.
Coaching as a tool for performance management : a case study at Company X
Coaching competencies and corporate leadership
The business coach
The team coach's best tools
Coaching methods for SME's : case study
"Appreciative Coaching describes an approach to coaching that is rooted in Appreciative Inquiry. At its core the Appreciative Coaching method shows individuals how to tap into (or rediscover) their own sense of wonder and excitement about their present life and future possibilities. Rather than focusing on individuals in limited or problem-oriented ways. Appreciative Coaching guides clients through four stages - Discovery, Dream, Design, and Destiny - that inspire them to an appreciative and empowering view of themselves and their future."--Jacket.
Training artists for innovation : competencies for new contexts
Coaching across cultures : new tools for leveraging national, corporate & professional differences
Growth entrepreneurial training
101 coaching strategies and techniques
Leadership team coaching : developing collective transformational leadership
Effective group coaching : tried and tested tools and resources for optimum group coaching skills
Success as a coach : start and build a successful coaching practice
Offers a guide to developing an effective, efficient coaching culture in your organization. This title demonstrates how to empower your workforce to achieve higher performance and greater business results. It also offers a complete framework for evaluating benefits and measuring return on investment.
Executive coaching for results : the definitive guide to developing organizational leaders
Key ideas for a contemporary psychoanalysis : misrecognition and recognition of the unconscious
Business continuity management : guidance on exercising and testing for continuity and contingency programmes : PD 25666:2010
Coaching and mentoring : what they are and how to make the most of them
Deep leadership
Active training : a handbook of techniques, designs, case examples, and tips
Choosing one's way: a co-star or a lonestar? : longitudinal study on the entrepreneurial processes of franchisees and self-employed persons in stand-alone businesses
How to be a great coach : 24 lessons for turning on the productivity of every employee
The mentee's Guide : making mentoring work for you
How to createa coaching culture
This book seeks to go beyond the vast body of skills-based literature that dominates the study of coaching and mentoring, and focus on the contribution that coaching can make to human resource strategy and organizational strategy.
Brief coaching for lasting solutions
From one to many : best practices for team and group coaching
Tricky coaching : difficult cases in leadership coaching
Implementing mentoring schemes : a practical guide to successful programs
The organizational behavior reader
Mindful coaching : how mindfulness can transform coaching practice
Making coaching work : creating a coaching culture
Leadership development : a guide for HR and training professionals
Coaching the team at work
The coaching revolution : how visionary managers are using coaching to empower people and unlock their full potential
JAMK-Business Incubator : enabling entrepreneurship
Coaching and mentoring for business
Human resource management in sport and recreation
Executive coaching : a psychodynamic approach
Writing training materials that work : how to train anyone to do anything. A practical guide for trainers based on current cognitive psychology and ID theory and research
Executive coaching with backbone and heart : a systems approach to engaging leaders with their challenges
International human resource management : managing people in a multinational context
David Clutterbuck bridges the gap between what is known about team learning and coaching and the practical experience of managers and team coaches. He answers such questions as how team coaching differs from individual coaching, what skills underpin effective team coaching, and how team coaching can be made a sustainable, automatic process.
The marketing handbook for sports and fitness professionals
Interactional coaching : choice-focused learning at work
Values and ethics in coaching
Coaching the owner managers and directors of small businesses
Business coaching as a management tool
A guide to using extracts from literature, anecdote and metaphor to help coach staff, either individually or in groups. Tales for Coaching comes complete with 50 tales that managers can use immediately, ranging from Aesop through Stephen Covey to anecdotes the author has written herself.
Further techniques for coaching and mentoring
Everyone needs a mentor
Excellence in coaching : the industry guide
"Mindfulness is a way of paying attention to the present moment, helping us become more aware of our thoughts and feelings so that instead of being overwhelmed by them, we're better able to manage them. Mindful Coaching is the complete resource to using mindfulness in coaching. It helps coaches work with clients on a range of issues including work-life balance; stress management; decision-making; coping with ambiguity; dealing with crises; employee engagement; heightening focus and clarity; communication; increasing presence; improved listening and more. It also helps them become more resilient themselves, particularly helpful in the current climate in which many coaches are facing increasing challenges. The book helps coaches appreciate the benefits of mindfulness, work out with which clients and in which situations it could be useful and illustrate how it can be applied with case studies and resources"--
Exploring the customer experience for 4DSwing golf coaching technology
Tales for coaching : using stories and metaphors with individuals and small groups
Business coaching international : transforming individuals and organizations
Excellence in Coaching is the definitive guide to best practice in the coaching profession, presenting the latest thinking on key approaches and professional issues.
The Routledge companion to international business coaching
The power of ren : China's coaching phenomenon
Mentoring is the most cost-efficient and sustainable method of fostering and developing talent within your organisation. Mentoring can be used to stretch talented individuals, power diversity programmes and ensure that knowledge and experience is successfully handed down. As such, the benefits of a mentoring programme are numerous: the mentee receives a helping hand to identify and achieve goals and the mentor gets the satisfaction of helping others to develop. Organisations offering mentorship gain from improved employee performance and talent retention. Everyone Needs a Mentor explains what mentoring is, what various models there are and how these differ from coaching. It shows you how to make a business case for mentoring and then how to set up, run and maintain your own programme.
Scientific selling : creating high-performance sales teams through applied psychology and testing
Hit the ground running : doing micro business training in South Africa
"What does it take to be a successful coach? Assuming that you already possess the right skills, characteristics and training then success simply lies in finding and winning clients that you can coach successfully. Personal fulfilment and profitable fee revenue will be direct results. Unfortunately this isn't as simple as it might seem. Success as a Coach is your complete guide to business development whether you're newly qualified or an experienced coach. It covers all the crucial factors that will help you build your clients and your business including: finding the right clients; extending your professional network; planning and running meetings; delivering value for the client; calculating fees; structuring and delivering sessions; structuring your business; strategic client leadership and systematically growing your business"--
Coaching the designer's mindset : using a design thinking approach when developing the work practices of 'non-designers' : case: Suunto's consumer exploration team
