http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2256 pelvis
pelvis
Controversies in female pelvic reconstruction
Physical examination in orthopaedics
Hips at risk osteoporosis and prevention of hip fractures
Evidence-based physical therapy for the pelvic floor : bridging science and clinical practice
Ostergardȧs urogynecology and pelvic floor dysfunction
Handbook of MRI technique
Exercise and physical functioning in osteoarthritis : medical, neuromuscular and behavioral perspectives
Color atlas of ultrasound anatomy
Pelvic power / mind/body exercises for strength, flexibility, posture and balance for men and women
Women's health : a textbook for physiotherapists
Male chronic pelvic pain syndrome : aetiology, symptom evaluation and treatment
Pocket atlas of sectional anatomy : computer tomography and magnetic resonance imaging / Vol. 2, Thorax, abdomen, and pelvis
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy : head, neck, upper limb, thorax, abdomen, pelvis, lower limb
Practical gynaecological ultrasound
Disorders of the anorectum and pelvic floor
The physiology of the joints. Volume 3, The spinal column, pelvic girdle and head
Clinical application of neuromuscular techniques. Volume 2, The lower body
High field MR imaging in the diagnosis of pelvic inflammatory disease : a preliminary study
Spinal manual therapy : an introduction to soft tissue mobilization, spinal manipulation, therapeutic, and home exercises
Movement, stability and low back pain : the essential role of the pelvis
Maitland's peripheral manipulation
Depression in association with birth weight, age at menarche, obesity and metabolic syndrome in young adults : the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort Study
This handbook is an invaluable resource for improving the management of hip and pelvis injuries in sports medicine and primary care. Chapters cover the fundamentals, including epidemiology, history and physical examination, and functional and kinetic chain evaluation. Injuries to children, adolescents, adults, and geriatrics are addressed. Differential diagnosis is emphasized, and evidence-based guidelines and sports-specific considerations aid the reader with injury evaluation and care. Notably, the book highlights the importance of understanding core stability when determining the source of pain. Gait assessment and imaging are featured as well. In addition, the text presents the spectrum of treatment options for hip and pelvis injuries and hip osteoarthritis. Functional therapeutic interventions, osteopathic manipulation, taping and bracing, and injection techniques are discussed. Indications for surgical interventions are also outlined. The book is complete with appendices that explain the evidence-based approach used throughout and the science behind physical therapy modalities.
Advanced myofascial techniques. Volume 1, Shoulder, pelvis, foot and leg
Turek's Orthopaedics : principles and their application
Clinical anatomy of the lumbar spine and sacrum
Ultrasound imaging for rehabilitation of the lumbopelvic region : a clinical approach
Physiotherapy in obstetrics and gynaecology
Human sectional anatomy : atlas of body sections, CT and MRI images
Neuromusculoskeletal examination and assessment : a handbook for therapists
Netter's orthopaedic clinical examination : : an evidence-based approach
Fitness for the pelvic floor
Therapeutic management of incontinence and pelvic pain : pelvic organ disorders
MRI and CT of the female pelvis
Lumbar bone mineral status during infancy and at preschool age in children born preterm
Pelvic pain and dysfunction : a differential diagnosis manual
Critical pathways in therapeutic intervention : extremities and spine
The female pelvis : anatomy & exercises
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy 2. Vol. 2, Trunk, Viscera, Lower Limb
Kinesiology : application to pathological motion
Hip & pelvis injuries in sports medicine
Maitland's clinical companion : an essential guide for students
The hip and pelvis in sports medicine and primary care
Stress urinary incontinence : pelvic floor muscle strength and quality of life
Full-body flexibility
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 3, The trunk
Management of pelvic ring injuries
Transvaginal mesh-augmented procedures in gynecology : outcomes after female urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse surgery
Chronic pelvic pain and dysfunction : practical physical medicine
Bones and joints : a guide for students
The pelvic floor
Evidence-based physical therapy for the pelvic floor
Netter's clinical anatomy
Pelvic pain : 10th Physiatric Summer School, 19.8. - 21.8.2009
Comprehensive manual therapy for the lower extremity
Pocket atlas of cross-sectional anatomy : computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging. Vol. 2, Thorax, abdomen and pelvis
Manipulation of the spine, thorax, and pelvis
Manipulation of the spine, thorax and pelvis : an osteopathic perspective
Soft tissue pain and disability
Multidetector computed tomography of spinal and pelvic fractures with special reference to polytrauma patients
Diastasis recti : the whole-body solution to abdominal weakness and separation
Comprehensive manual therapy for the lumbar spine
Sectional anatomy for imaging professionals
Myofascial pain and dysfunction : the trigger point manual ; the lower extremities. Vol. 2
Fundamentals of sectional anatomy : an imaging approach
Mechanical low back pain : perspectives in functional anatomy
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 2, The lower extremity
Wolf-Heidegger's Atlas of human anatomy = Wolf-Heideggers Atlas der Anatomie des Menschen. Vol. 2, Head and neck, thorax, abdomen, pelvis, CNS, eye, ear
Orthotics in functional rehabilitation of the lower limb
Secrets of the pelvis for martial arts : practical guide for improving your Wujifa, Taiji, Xingyi, Bagua and everyday life
Movement, stability & lumbopelvic pain : integration of research and therapy
Examination and diagnosis of musculoskeletal disorders : clinical examination, imaging modalities
Manipulation of the spine, thorax, and pelvis : an osteopathic perspective
The pelvic girdle : an approach to the examination and treatment of the lumbopelvic-hip region
Lumbosacral nerve injury in fracture of the pelvis : a postmortem radiographic and pathoanatomical study
Anatomy of yoga : for posture and health
Depression in association with birth weight, age at menarche, obesity and metabolic syndrome in young adults:the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort Study
Anatomy Flash Cards (Latin nomenclature edition)
Gray's Anatomy for students
Maternal pelvis, feto-pelvic index and labor dystocia
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy. Volume 2, Thorax, abdomen, pelvis, lower limb
Presents dissections of unembalmed human bodies, allowing access to specific content through indexes and keyword searches. The specimens rotate relative to the camera, giving a three-dimensional view. Synchronized narration introduces strutures and their relationships. Links to section contents and index appear throughout; the main menu offers access to the index, table of contents (including review) and glossary for each disc.
Fundamental of body CT
Therapeutic exercise for lumbopelvic stabilization : a motor control approach for the treatment and prevention of lower back pain
The pelvic girdle : an integration of clinical expertise and research
