http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22518 Afghans
Afghans
Settlement process of Afghan immigrant women based on cultural perspective in Finland
A fort of nine towers
Kara Kush : the gold of Ahmad Shah
Over the rainbow
The wind blows away our words
Prospects for sustainable return : Iraqi and Afghan asylum seekers in Finland
Scattered families : transnational family life of Afghan refugees in the Netherlands in the light of the human rights-based protection of the family
Kandahar cockney : a tale of two worlds
Dancing with darkness : life, death and hope in Afghanistan
Learning away from home : a foundation book in refugee and emergency education
"Malalai Joya has been called "the bravest woman in Afghanistan." At a constitutional assembly in Kabul in 2003, she stood up and denounced her country's powerful NATO-backed warlords. She was twenty-five years old. Two years later, she became the youngest person elected to Afghanistans new Parliament. In 2007, she was suspended from Parliament for her persistent criticism of the warlords and drug barons and their cronies. She has survived four assassination attempts to date, is accompanied at all times by armed guards, and sleeps only in safehouses." "Often compared to democratic leaders such as Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi, this extraordinary young woman was raised in the refugee camps of Iran and Pakistan. Inspired in part by her father's activism, Malalai became a teacher in secret girls' schools, holding classes in a series of basements. She hid her books under her burqa so the Taliban couldn't find them. She also helped establish a free medical clinic and orphanage in her impoverished home province of Farah. The endless wars of Mghanistan have created a generation of children without parents. Like so many others who have lost people they care about, Malalai lost one of her orphans when the girl's family members sold her into marriage." "While many have talked about the serious plight of women in Afghanistan, Malalai Joya takes us inside the country and shows us the desperate day-to-day situations these remarkable people face at every turn. She recounts some of the many acts of rebellion that are helping to change the country the women who bravely take to the streets in peaceful protest against their oppression; the men who step forward and claim "I am her mahram," so the fundamentalists won't punish a woman for walking alone; and the families that give their basements as classrooms for female students."
A woman among warlords : the extraordinary story of an Afghan who dared to raise her voice
The underground girls of Kabul : the hidden lives of Afghan girls disguised as boys
Talibanistan : negotiating the borders between terror, politics and religion
The problematics of well-being : experiences and expectations of migrants and New Finns in the Finnish welfare state
In the tradition of Ayaan Hirsi Ali's "Infidel," and also the subject of an award-winning documentary, this impassioned, first-person account tells of a courageous young Afghani woman who risks her life by denouncing the powerful warlords in her country.
If you were me
Constructing social identities between two cultures - a study on 18 - 25-year-old, Afghanborn women in Finland
The wind blows away our words : and other documents relating to Afghan resistance
