http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22512 anonymity
anonymity
The complete book of data anonymization : from planning to implementation
(Ge)wyrd : emendations to three anonymous Old English homilies and saints' lives
Anonymity : a secret history of English literature
Now you see me, now you don't : a study of the relationship between internet anonymity and Finnish young people
Author unknown : on the trail of anonymous
Anonymizing health data : case studies and methods to get you started
Jekyll's mirror
Completing a qualitative project : details and dialogue
The myths of security : what the computer security industry doesn't want you to know
Anonymity in early modern England : "what's in a name?"
Data and Goliath : the hidden battles to collect your data and control your world
Research ethics in exercise, health and sport sciences
Revolution in poetic consciousness : an existential reading of mid-twentieth-century British woman's poetry. Vol. 3, Poetic consciousness and lyrical expression : the ethos of fantasy : the ethos of anonymity
Hacker, hoaxer, whistleblower, spy : the many faces of Anonymous
From one of the world's leading experts in cyberpsychology--a discipline that combines psychology, forensics, and technology--comes a groundbreaking exploration of the impact of technology on human behavior. In the first book of its kind, Mary Aiken applies her expertise in cyber-behavioral analysis to a range of subjects, including criminal activity on the Deep Web and Darknet; deviant behavior; Internet addictions; the impact of technology on the developing child; teenagers and the Web; cyber-romance and cyber-friendships; cyberchondria; the future of artificial intelligence; and the positive effects on our digital selves, such as online altruism.
Practical privacy enhancing technologies for mobile systems
A multi-theoretical perspective on IS security behaviors
Doing ethical research
The art of the American snapshot 1888-1978 : from the collection of Robert E. Jackson
Data privacy : principles and practice
Nameless relations : anonymity, Melanesia and reproductive gift exchange between British ova donors and recipients
The cyber effect : a pioneering cyberpsychologist explains how human behavior changes online
Endowed : regulating the male sexed body
The dark net
Anonymity in file sharing networks : protection for criminals and human right workers alike
A few reflections on not naming Egypt's young revolutionaries
Navigating ethical issues throughout your research project can be a confusing and daunting task. But why are ethics so important anyway? Can you anticipate or prepare for ethical dilemmas before they happen? And what can you do if they arise in your research? Doing Ethical Research offers essential advice on how to negotiate ethical considerations at each stage of your project, from the approval application to the final report write-up. In particular, the book: - examines the fundamental importance of ethical research and assessment - explores hot topics of consent, confidentiality and research relationships - includes ethical dilemmas and case studies to show how ethics affect real-life research - gives readers confidence to interpret and critically reflect upon ethical debates Each chapter is packed with examples and explanations that are designed to help readers to make their own ethical decisions.
