http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22520 hand surgery
hand surgery
Abstract.
Turn of mind
The little ortho book : the bare bones of orthopedics
Scandinavian-Hungarian Hand Society Meeting 2000, Kuopio, Finland, August 16-19 : abstract book
Manual of medical-surgical nursing care : nursing interventions and collaborative management
The upper limb in tetraplegia : a new approach to surgical rehabilitation
Clinical mechanics of the hand
The hand owner's manual : a hand surgeon's thirty-year collection of important information and fascinating facts
The hand : fundamentals of therapy
The art of microsurgical hand reconstruction
Lister's the hand : diagnosis and indications
Post-traumatic grip reconstruction with toe transfers
Plastic surgery. Vol. 7, The hand and upper limb, part 1
Abstract book : Scandinavian-Hungarian Hand Society Meeting 2000, Kuopio, Finland August 16-19
Metacarpophalangeal arthroplasty and partial wrist fusion as a surgical treatment in rheumatoid hand disease
Plastic surgery. Vol. 8, The hand and upper limb, part 2
Rehabilitation of the hand and upper extremity / Vol. 2
Rehabilitation of the hand and upper extremity
Green's operative hand surgery. Vol. 2
Green's operative hand surgery ; Vol. 1
Bioabsorbable materials for osteosynthesis and small joint arthroplasty in the hand
Treatises of fistula in ano : hemorrhoids, and clysters by John Arderne, from an early fifteenth-century manuscriipt translation
Rehabilitation of the hand : surgery and therapy (volume 2)
Hand surgery : update IV
Abstract book
Development of a new flexor tendon repair technique performed with bioabsorbable poly-L/D-lactide (PLDLA) 96/4 suture : an experimental ex vivo study
Rehabilitation of the hand and upper extremity : Volume 1
AO manual of fracture management : Elbow and forearm
Elective Hand surgery : rheumatological and degenerative conditions, nerve compression syndromes
Fractures of the distal forearm : a clinical study with special reference to external fixation
Handbook of neurosurgery
Rehabilitation of the hand : surgery and therapy. Vol. 1
Physiotherapy for burns and plastic reconstruction of the hand
Orthopaedic surgical approaches
Medical-surgical nursing made incredibly easy!
Regional anaesthesia of the upper extremity : with special reference to the applicability and toxicity of different methods
Hand secrets
Journal of hand surgery. European volume
Hand and upper extremity rehabilitation : a practical guide
Practice manual for microvascular surgery
The fourth hand
Pediatric hand and upper limb surgery : a practical guide
Green's operative hand surgery ; Vol. 2
Abstra[c]t book for the Biennial Meeting of the Scandinavian Society for Surgery of the Hand, June 15-17 1988 and Satellite Meeting of the Scandinavian Hand Therapists, June 15 1988.
Rehabilitation of the hand : surgery and therapy (volume 1)
Green's operative hand surgery. Vol. 1
Rehabilitation of the hand and upper extremity / Vol. 1
Oxford handbook of cardiac nursing
The rheumatoid hand and wrist : surgical treatment, medical treatment, physiotherapy and rehabilitation
