http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22553 hate groups
hate groups
Germany in transit : nation and migration, 1955-2005
Hate speech law can be found throughout the world. But it is also the subject of numerous principled arguments, both for and against. These principles invoke a host of morally relevant features (e.g., liberty, health, autonomy, security, non-subordination, the absence of oppression, human dignity, the discovery of truth, the acquisition of knowledge, self-realization, human excellence, civic dignity, cultural diversity and choice, recognition of cultural identity, intercultural dialogue, participation in democratic self-government, being subject only to legitimate rule) and practical considerations (e.g., efficacy, the least restrictive alternative, chilling effects). The book develops and then critically examines these various principled arguments. It also attempts to de-homogenize hate speech law into different clusters of laws/regulations/codes that constrain uses of hate speech, so as to facilitate a more nuanced examination of the principled arguments. Finally, it argues that it is morally fitting for judicial and legislative judgments about the overall warrant of hate speech law to reflect principled compromise. Principled compromise is characterized not merely by compromise over matters of principled concern but also by compromise which is itself governed by ideals of moral duty or civic virtue (e.g., reciprocity, equality, and mutual respect).
The myth of nations : the medieval origins of Europe
Activities in ..
The discourse of race in modern China
"A study of the way hate groups, especially white supremacist groups, are using the Internet to spread their messages to a young audience. Attention is given to the legal debate over hate speech and free speech, and questions concerning ethics and rhetoric in the Internet space"--Provided by publisher.
Mother-infant psychotherapy groups among drug-abusing mothers : preventing intergenerational negative transmission
The psychology of terrorism. Vol. 1, A public understanding
A space for hate : the white power movement's adaptation into cyberspace
New xenophobia in Europe
Activities of the European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia : annual report ..
Stakeholder anger - negative engagement towards organizations online : a literature review
Towards ethnic equality and diversity : Government Action Plan to combat ethnic discrimination and racism : adopted by the government plenary session on 22 March 2001.
Crash
Psychology and race
Annual report / : summary
Crash : 2 disc director's cut edition
Crash : 2-disc limited collector's edition
Bethlehem Road murder : a Michael Ohayon mystery
The Oxford handbook of social exclusion
The Ku Klux Klan in the city 1915-1930
The political psychology of democratic citizenship
Youth on the threshold of 3rd millennium
BLOOD IN THE FACE : THE KU KLUX KLAN, ARYAN NATIONS, NAZI SKINHEADS, AND THE RISE OF A NEW WHITE CULTURE
Against race : imagining political culture beyond the color line
A scapegoat in the new wilderness : the origins and rise of anti-semitism in America
The communication of hate
Little gypsy
Hate speech law : a philosophical examination
The psychology of terrorism. Vol. 2, Clinical aspects and responses
Issues for debate in family violence : selections from CQ researcher
Our racist heart? : an exploration of unconscious prejudice in everyday life
Bullying : the social destruction of self
Inside organized racism : women in the hate movement
Excluding the minorities : ethnic representation in the Finnish press
A companion to racial and ethnic studies
Crash : 2-disc director's cut edition
