http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22559 contingency
contingency
Combining theory and applications, this book presents models and methods for the analysis of two- and multi-dimensional contingency tables. The author uses a threefold approach: fundamental models and related inferences are presented, their interpretational aspects are highlighted, and their practical usefulness is demonstrated. Throughout, practical guidance for using R is provided along with a comprehensive R-functions web-appendix. Contingency tables arise in diverse fields, including the life, pedagogic, social and political sciences. They also play a prominent role in market research and opinion surveys. The analysis of contingency tables can provide insight into essential structures, relevant quantities and their interactions, and thus leads to improved decision-making. Special features include: · A motivating example for each topic · Applications and implementations in R for all models discussed · Emphasis on association and symmetry models · Extensive bibliography · Up-to-date supplementary material available on the author's website An excellent reference for graduate students, researchers, and practitioners in statistics as well as in the biosciences and social sciences, Contingency Table Analysis may also be used as a supplementary textbook for courses on categorical data analysis with emphasis on special models for ordinal data. Prerequisites include basic background knowledge of statistical inference. --Provided by publisher.
International new ventures as a multifaceted phenomenon : towards a contingency approach in international entrepreneurship
What if there had been no World War I or no Russian Revolution? What if Napoleon had won at Waterloo in 1815, or if Martin Luther had not nailed his complaints to the church door at Wittenberg in 1517, or if the South had won the American Civil War? The questioning of apparent certainties or 'known knowns' can be fascinating and, indeed, 'What if?' books are very popular. However, this speculative approach, known as counterfactualism, has had limited impact in academic histories, historiography, and the teaching of historical methods. In this book, Jeremy Black offers a short guide to the subject, one that is designed to argue its value as a tool for public and academe alike. Black focuses on the role of counterfactualism in demonstrating the part of contingency, and thus human agency, in history, and the salutary critique the approach offers to determinist accounts of past, present, and future.
Managing cross-functional interdependencies : the contingent value of integration
Knowledge, processes and relationships in organizational change : understanding how to facilitate management of intellectual capital in diverse organization structures and cultures
Management accounting in small construction companies : a comparative case study
The analysis of cross-classified categorial data
The analysis of frequency data
Other pasts, different presents, alternative futures
After finitude : an essay on the necessity of contingency
Contingency table analysis : methods and implementation using R
Towards efficiency in internal control in Surbanes-Oxley compliance : Case study: Harmonization of internal controls in sales processes
Determinants of manufacturing-R&D Co-location
Management control systems (MCS) in the small business context : linking effects of contextual factors with MCS and financial performance of small firms
Giorgio Agamben and post-foundational political ontology
The structure and effectiveness of internal control : a contingency approach
Theism and ultimate explanation : the necessary shape of contingency
Living labs as open innovation networks : networks, roles and innovation outcomes
A comparative case study of Sony Computer Entertainment's crisis communication efforts during two PlayStation Network crises
Spectacular speculation : thrills, the economy, and popular discourse
Performance in humanitarian supply chains
The contingency theory of organizations
The analysis of cross-tabulated data
