http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22538 new novel
new novel nouveau roman
Close to the wind
The Luminaries
The colour
The haunted life : and other writings
Marie NDiaye : blankness and recognition
The girl who couldn't read
The whale rider
The event of encounter in art and philosophy : continental perspectives
A kingdom for the brave
Alain Robbe-Grillet and the new French novel
River of ink. [2], Zenith
Nobody is ever missing
The big music : (selected papers)
Lost memory of skin
The weight of elephants
The luminaries
Living in the Maniototo
In a small New England town over half a century ago, a boy is playing with his new toy soldiers in the dirt in front of his house when a shadow falls over him. He looks up to see a striking man, the new minister, Jamie learns later, who with his beautiful wife, will transform the church and the town. The men and boys are a bit in love with Mrs. Jacobs; the women and girls, with the Reverend Jacobs - including Jamie's sisters and mother. Then tragedy strikes, and this charismatic preacher curses God, and is banished from the shocked town. Jamie has demons of his own. Wed to his guitar from age 13, he plays in bands across the country, running from his own family tragedies, losing one job after another when his addictions get the better of him. Decades later, sober and living a decent life, he and Reverend Charles Jacobs meet again in a pact beyond even the Devil's devising, and the many terrifying meanings of Revival are revealed
Fifty mice
Selected stories
The Racketeer
The secret countess
The quiet earth - huomisen tuska
Those girls
Cate Cahill goes into an asylum in order to meet her godmother and another oracle as she continues to try to learn about the prophecy and protect her sisters from the oppressive Brotherhood in an alternate New England of 1900.
Euphoria
Died in the wool
Who's afraid?
Mountains of the moon
The infinite air : a novel about the enigmatic Jean Batten
Postmodernism and contemporary fiction
Drink, slay, love
Contemporary French literature : 1945 and after
Bride flight
The Hobbit : an unexpected journey
The lie
Redemption : a novel
Once were warriors: The aftermath : the controversy of OWW in aotearoa New Zealand
Faces in the water
The French narrative turn : from the problematization of narrative subjectivity in Alain Robbe-Grillet's Dans le labyrinthe to its hermeneutic rehabilitation in Michel Tournier's Le Roi des Aulnes
Peter Greenaway's postmodern/poststructuralist cinema
Watt
Death by water
The thorn birds
The Luminaries : a novel
River of ink. [1], Genesis
'The hills only come back the same: I don't mind ...' begins Kirsty Gunn's "The Big Music", a novel that takes us to a new understanding of how fiction can affect us. Presented as a collection of found papers, appendices and notes, "The Big Music" tells the story of John Sutherland of 'The Grey House', who is dying and creating in the last days of his life a musical composition that will define it. Yet he has little idea of how his tune will echo or play out into the world - and as the book moves inevitably through its themes of death and birth, change and stasis, the sound of his solitary story comes to merge and connect with those around him. In this work of fiction, Kirsty Gunn has created something as real as music or as a dream. Not so much a novel as a place the reader comes to inhabit and to know, "The Big Music" is a literary work of undeniable originality and power.
Star cursed
Robbe-Grillet's ethics of non-narrativity in the post-war context (Sartre, Levinas, Barthes)
The narrative turn in fiction and theory : the crisis and return of storytelling from Robbe-Grillet to Tournier
