http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22554 smart products
smart products
Carrying Solutions for Mobile Devices  : Concept Design
Smart products, smarter services : strategies for embedded control
The design of future things
Virtual design of smart products
Designing here/now : a global selection of objects, concepts and spaces for the future
Methods and technologies for experimenting with ubiquitous computing
Mobile design and development
"Billions of smart connected products are changing the competitive landscape for business and the daily lives of consumers. This book analyzes the evolution of embedded product intelligence and the impact of smart products on the automotive, wireless, energy, residential and health industries. It considers the transformation of consumer ownership models and privacy issues when smart products continuously monitor consumer behavior. Smart Products, Smarter Services recommends strategies for creating profitable smart ecosystems, product platforms and services"--
Structuring the smartphone industry : is the mobile Internet OS platform the key?
The future of our spatial experience : brAInfu.cc
Smart packages can even ask questions
Smart packaging technologies for fast moving consumer goods
New concepts for future rag rugs 2030
Der i-Kosmos : Macht, Mythos und Magie einer Marke = The i-cosmos : might, myth and magic of a brand
Abstract: Carrying Solutions for Mobile Devices – Concept Design. With Golla Oy Ltd. as a client, the aim of this work was to create design concepts based on intelligent materials with respect to creating solutions for mobile devices, especially phones. Intelligent or smart materials have found their way to several areas of life, but not yet to bags and covers that protect portable electronics. The technological gap between the devices and their carrying solutions is vast. New ideas are needed to bring them closer together and somehow make them interact.  A competitor review was made in order to find out to what extent Golla's competitors are using smart materials and technologies today. Literary research and summary on smart materials were conducted, and the materials found acted as an inspiration for creating concept ideas, in other words the essence of this thesis. The most prominent ideas are presented in this work. 3D modeling was used to visualize two concept ideas. No further product design was made as the work was agreed to be made on concept level only.  About a dozen concept ideas were visualized and presented to the client. The concepts will help Golla in evaluating their product strategy and creating alternative development scenarios for the future. The competitor and material review will help Golla in positioning itself in the market. Furthermore, it will further provide information and ideas on intelligent materials that could have a potential to increase Golla's competitiveness.  With a relatively small investment, some working prototypes could be developed for demonstrating intelligent materials' potential for the customers during marketing events. This could help Golla add its brand value and profile itself as a pioneer of functional mobile bags and a visionaire of future products.
ICT for environmental sustainability : green ICT roadmap
Textile design : principles, advances and applications
Wearable technology : smart watches to Google Glass for libraries
7th GIM Scientific Workshop at Aalto University School of Electrical Engineering 19.-20.9.2013
Intelligent and adaptive lighting in retail environment
Summary: Horizons in craft.
Smart textiles for designers : inventing the future of fabrics
Handbook of computational intelligence in manufacturing and production management
Professional Android wearables
Ubiquitous computing : smart devices, environments and interactions
Healing jewellery, thought transmitter jewellery & personal space jewellery : imaginary jewellery futures concepts combining technology and bioarts
Fundamentals of wearable computers and augmented reality
Applications of nonwovens in technical textiles
Fuzzy expert systems
Computer aided system for preliminary design of screen cylinder variants
Things that make us smart : defending human attributes in the age of the machine
Technical textile yarns : industrial and medical applications
What’s in your smart wallet? Challenges and roadblocks
Intelligent products and systems : technology theme : final report
This book adheres to the vision that in the future compelling user experiences will be key differentiating benefits of products and services. Evaluating the user experience plays a central role, not only during the design process, but also during regular usage: for instance a video recorder that recommends TV programs that fit your current mood, a product that measures your current level of relaxation and produces advice on how to balance your life, or a module that alerts a factory operator when he is getting drowsy. Such systems are required to assess and interpret user experiences (almost).
Designing fabric interactions : a study of knitted fabrics as an electronic interface medium
Collaboration in care : design of a mobile health platform to support care management of cystic fibrosis
Boundary negotiating mock-ups
In to the Avanto : designing a wireless infrared heating system for cold water diving
Tehcno textiles : revolutionary fabrics for fashion and design
Materials that change color : smart materials, intelligent design
Probing experience : from assessment of user emotions and behaviour to development of products
Designing for emerging technologies : UX for genomics, robotics, and connected environments
Collective Intelligence on Product Creation
Textile advances in the automotive industry
Science fiction prototypes as design outcome of research : reflecting ecological research approach and experience design for the Internet of things
Textile futures : fashion, design and technology
Active smart interior textiles : interactive soft displays
Strategic insights for competitive advantage through connected products
Design through metaphor
Intelligent textiles and clothing
Smart clothing : technology and applications
Use of an expert system for energy cost calculations in the pulp and paper industry
Contrary to popular mythology, the designs of favorable products and successful systems do not appear suddenly, or magically. This second edition of Engineering Design demonstrates that symbolic representation and related problem-solving methods, offer significant opportunities to clarify and articulate concepts of design to lay a better framework for design research and design education. Artificial Intelligence (AI) provides a substantial body of material concerned with understanding and modeling cognitive processes. This book adopts the vocabulary and a paradigm of AI to enhance the presentation and explanation of design. It includes concepts from AI because of their explanatory power and their utility as possible ingredients of practical design activity. This second edition has been enriched by the inclusion of recent work on design reasoning, computational design, AI in design, and design cognition, with pointers to a wide cross section of the current literature.
Advanced textiles for health and wellbeing
Applications of nanotechnology in the paper industry from the perspectives of the Nanoscience Center, market analysis and industrial needs : technology roadmap
Introduction of intelligent machine fault diagnosis and prognosis
Smart Glasses Design-Exploring user perception of wearable computing
Beginning iPad development for iPhone developers : mastering the iPad SDK
Engineering design : representation and reasoning
Letters from the war of ecosystems : an analysis of independent software vendors in mobile application marketplaces
The Routledge companion to labor and media
Towards computer-assisted regulation of emotions
Carrying Solutions for Mobile Devices : Concept Design
Ambient lifestyle : from concept to experience
Advances in textile biotechnology
