http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22588 notes
notes
Art cards = fichas de arte
Note-taking for consecutive interpreting : a short course
Field notes on science & nature
The graphic facilitator's guide : how to use your listening, thinking & drawing skills to make meaning
The notebooks for The possessed
Mark Twain's book of animals
Hitler's letters and notes
"This book invites readers into Elena Ferrante’s workshop. It offers a glimpse into the drawers of her writing desk, those drawers from which emerged her three early standalone novels and the four installments of My Brilliant Friend, known in English as the Neapolitan Quartet. Consisting of over 20 years of letters, essays, reflections, and interviews, it is a unique depiction of an author who embodies a consummate passion for writing. In these pages Ferrante answers many of her readers’ questions. She addresses her choice to stand aside and let her books live autonomous lives. She discusses her thoughts and concerns as her novels are being adapted into films. She talks about the challenge of finding concise answers to interview questions. She explains the joys and the struggles of writing, the anguish of composing a story only to discover that that story isn’t good enough. She contemplates her relationship with psychoanalysis, with the cities she has lived in, with motherhood, with feminism, and with her childhood as a storehouse for memories, impressions, and fantasies. The result is a vibrant and intimate self-portrait of a writer at work,"--Amazon.com.
The exegesis of Philip K. Dick
John Ruskin's continental tour, 1835 : the written records and drawings
Evernote for dummies
The autobiography of the British soldier : from Agincourt to Basra, in his own words
The collected artwork
Thomas Hardy's 'poetical matter' notebook
I swear I saw this : drawings in fieldwork notebooks, namely my own
Office 2013 all-in-one : absolute beginner's guide
The will to power : selections from the notebooks of the 1880s
Note-taking manual : a study guide for interpreters and everyone who takes notes
My father's notebook
Conversations with myself
Pioneering a new niche in the study of plants and animals in their natural habitat, this book allows readers to peer over the shoulders and into the notebooks of a dozen eminent field workers, to study firsthand their observational methods, materials, and fleeting impressions.
A prisoner in the garden : opening Nelson Mandela's prison archive
"I am a phenomenon quite out of the ordinary" : the notebooks, diaries and letters of Daniil Kharms
Notebooks, English virtuosi, and early modern science
Agatha Christie's murder in the making : stories and secrets from her archive
The notebooks for The brothers Karamazov [by] Fyodor Dostoevsky
Summertime : scenes from provincial life
Mind mapping for dummies
Henry Moore: writings and conversations
The notebooks for The idiot
A translation of Vitruvius and copies of late antique drawings in Buonaccorso Ghiberti's Zibaldone
Advanced listening comprehension : developing aural and notetaking skills
Artaud : terminal curses, the notebooks, 1945-1948
A diary of darkness : the wartime diary of Kiyosawa Kiyoshi
Bram Stoker's notes for Dracula
High dudgeon : crafting affective narratives from (semi-) official texts
Writing and unwriting (media) art history : Erkki Kurenniemi in 2048 / edited by Joasia Krysa and Jussi Parikka
Erkki Kurenniemi : a man from the future / [editor: Maritta Mellais] ; [writers Kai Lassfolk ... [et al.]]
The Will to Power contains some of Nietzsche's most fascinating and combative writings on nihilism, metaphysics and the future of Europe. Assembled by Nietzsche's sister after his death, The Will to Power is a collection of the philosopher's reflections and theories taken from his unpublished notebooks. Covering topics such as nihilism, Christianity, morality and the famous 'will to power', the book was controversially presented as Nietzsche's all-but-completed magnum opus containing his philosophical system. Including some of his most interesting metaphysical and epistemological thoughts, as well as some of his most disturbing ethical and political comments, the book would prove to have a significant influence on Nietzsche's contentious reception in the twentieth century.
"From 1970 to 1978, Gordon Matta-Clark scribbled on index cards he carried with him from Lower Manhattan to Santiago de Chile, from Ithaca to Paris and New Jersey. This book compiles all those Art Cards. Among political statements, biographical stories, puns and reflections on Anarchitecture and on the sounds of the lights in spaces, the foundations of Matta-Clark's Conical Intersect and Office Baroque, Fake States and Food restaurant peer out. But, above all, a new literary form of writing emerges."--
A genetic analysis of Miklós Szentkuthy's Prae
Ustnyj perevod 21 : teoriâ + praktika, perevodčeskaâ skoropis' : učebnik dlâ studentov perevodčeskih fakultetov (including English - American and English - Australian glossaries)
Records visionary anthropologist Michael Taussig's reflections on the fieldwork notebooks he kept through forty years of travels in Colombia. This title exhibits Taussig's characteristic verve and intellectual audacity, that is combined with a revelatory sense of intimacy. --Publisher's description.
So this is permanence : Joy Division : lyrics and notebooks
Maija Timonen : the measure of reality / Maija Timonen
"A fascinating look into the life and mind of poet and prose miniaturist Daniil Kharms ... Anemone and Scotto offer a wide-ranging selection of materials from Kharms's private notebooks, diaries, letters, and even documents from the KGB archives detailing Kharms's tragic end in a psychiatric prison hospital".
A wartime log of a young RAF air gunner prisoner of war 1944-1945
Agatha Christie's secret notebooks : fifty years of mysteries in the making
Meyerhold at work
The magic of M.C. Escher
Henricus Glareanus's (1488-1563) Chronologia of the ancient world : a facsimile edition of a heavily annotated copy held in Princeton University Library
The notable brain of Maximilian Ponder
Writing the laboratory notebook
Reading notes
Erkki Kurenniemi : a man from the future
Book of sketches : 1952-57
"Bram Stoker's initial notes and outlines for his landmark horror novel Dracula were auctioned at Sotheby's in London in 1913 and eventually made their way to the Rosenbach Museum and Library, where they are housed today. This comprehensive work reproduces the handwritten notes both in facsimile and in annotated transcription. It also includes Stoker's typewritten research notes"--Provided by publisher.
Local knowledge, global stage
The sketchnote handbook : the illustrated guide to visual note taking
The Moriarty papers : the adventures of Sherlock Holmes's great nemesis
The notebooks for A raw youth
The delegate from New York, or, Proceedings of the federal convention of 1787
Collage of myself : Walt Whitman and the making of Leaves of grass
The sketchnote workbook : advanced techniques for taking visual notes you can use anywhere
Visual notes for architects and designers
