http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22557 paleolithic diet
paleolithic diet
The paleo diet : lose weight and get healthy by eating the foods you were designed to eat
Paleo cooking with your instant pot : 80 incredible gluten- and grain-free recipes made twice as delicious in half the time
Paleo all-in-one for dummies®
The Paleo approach cookbook : a detailed guide to heal your body and nourish your soul
Your personal paleo code : the 3-step plan to lose weight, reverse disease, and stay fit and healthy for life
COOKERY FOR SPECIFIC DIETS & CONDITIONS. In "Paleo Cooking With Your Instant Pot," bestselling Paleo cookbook author Jennifer Robins teaches readers how to use her favorite tool and secret weapon, the Instant Pot, to cook amazing meals at home with ease. The Instant Pot is a wildly popular and ultra-handy kitchen tool that cooks many different methods using one pot including pressure cooking, slow cooking, steaming and sauteing and can be intimidating until now. Jennifer walks you through the settings and provides top-quality and foolproof recipes that show you everything this cooker is capable of. With the bulk of the work done by the Instant Pot and all in one pot, you spend less time cooking and washing dishes.
The Wahls protocol : how I beat progressive MS using Paleo principles and functional medicine
Natural born heroes : the lost secrets of strength and endurance
Paleo cooking from Elana's pantry : gluten-free, grain-free, dairy-free recipes
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
Paleo monday to friday : a diet so good you can take the weekend off!
Optimum health the Paleo way
The Paleo diet : lose weight and get healthy by eating the foods you were designed to eat
500 paleo recipes : hundreds of delicious recipes for weight loss and super health
Paleo for beginners : essentials to get started
Practical paleo : a customized approach to health and a whole-foods lifestyle
Totem and taboo in the grocery store : quasi-religious foodways in North America
The paleo solution : the original human diet
The paleo diet for athletes : the ancient nutritional formula for peak athletic performance
The primal blueprint
The Zenbelly cookbook : an epicurean's guide to paleo cuisine
The paleo manifesto : ancient wisdom for lifelong health
Paleo eats : 111 comforting gluten-free, grain-free and dairy-free recipes for the foodie in you
Paleo all-in-one for dummies
Your personal paleo diet : feel and look great by eating the foods that are ideal for your body
"We evolved to eat berries rather than bagels, to live in mud huts rather than condos, to sprint barefoot rather than play football - or did we? Are our bodies and brains truly at odds with modern life? Although it may seem as though we have barely had time to shed our hunter-gatherer legacy, biologist Marlene Zuk reveals that the story is not so simple. Popular theories about how our ancestors lived - and why we should emulate them - are often based on speculation, not scientific evidence. Armed with a razor-sharp wit and brilliant, eye-opening research, Zuk takes us to the cutting edge of biology to show that evolution can work much faster than was previously realized, meaning that we are not biologically the same as our caveman ancestors. Contrary to what the glossy magazines would have us believe, we do not enjoy potato chips because they crunch just like the insects our forebears snacked on. And women don't go into shoe-shopping frenzies because their prehistoric foremothers gathered resources for their clans. As Zuk compellingly argues, such beliefs incorrectly assume that we're stuck - finished evolving - and have been for tens of thousands of years. She draws on fascinating evidence that examines everything from adults' ability to drink milk to the texture of our ear wax to show that we've actually never stopped evolving. Our nostalgic visions of an ideal evolutionary past in which we ate, lived, and reproduced as we were 'meant to' fail to recognize that we were never perfectly suited to our environment. Evolution is about change, and every organism is full of trade-offs. From debunking the caveman diet to unraveling gender stereotypes, Zuk delivers an engrossing analysis of widespread paleofantasies and the scientific evidence that undermines them, all the while broadening our understanding of our origins and what they can really tell us about our present and our future." -- (W. W. Norton & Company)
Living paleo for dummies
"The Paleolithic Solution" incorporates the latest, cutting-edge research from genetics, biochemistry, and anthropology to help a person look, feel, and perform his or her best.
Your personal Paleo code : the 3-step plan to lose weight, reverse disease, and stay fit and healthy for life
Paleo Italian : authentic Italian gluten-free family recipes
Against all grain : delectable paleo recipes to eat well & feel great : more than 150 gluten-free, grain-free, and dairy-free recipes for daily life /a
Paleofantasy : what evolution really tells us about sex, diet, and how we live
The paleo diet : food your body is designed to eat
Real life paleo : 175 gluten-free recipes, meal ideas, and an easy 3-phased approach to lose weight & gain health
500 Paleo Recipes : hundreds of delicious recipes for weight loss and super health
Paleo desserts : 125 delicious everyday favorites, gluten- and grain-free
Every last crumb : paleo bread and beyond
The paleo slow cooker : healthy, gluten-free meals the easy way
