http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2259 family life
family life
"To not die alone" : kinship, love and life cycle in contemporary Havana, Cuba
Archer has four important role models in his life - his dad, his grandfather, his uncle Paul, and his favorite teacher, Mr. McLeod. When Uncle Paul and Mr. McLeod get married, Archer's sixth-grade year becomes one he'll never forget. --
Never marry a politician
Household politics : Montreal families and postwar reconstruction
The marriage of opposites : a novel based on the life of Rachel Pizzarro
Little house on the prairie
Marriage and family relationships
Halfway home : a novel
Becoming Nicole : the extraordinary transformation of an ordinary family
I'll go to bed at noon
Hailey Twitch is not a snitch
Abstract.
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
Tactics, family performatives and gendered styles of lesbian parents in the labour market
Paths of life : six case histories
Gender and family among transnational professionals
The successful combination of work and family in Finland : the ability to compromise as a key factor
Families and retirement
Jemima and Jake's new babysitter doesn't look too promising. In fact she looks very sensible, very old and VERY small (she only comes up to daddy's armpit!). But the moment their parents leave the house, Marge gives a mischievous wink, takes off her hat and reveals a marvellous mane of rainbow-coloured hair! Marge really is a babysitter like no other and the children spend a wild evening with her - racing snails, slurping chocolate soup and mixing potions in the bath! But if Jake and Jemima want her to babysit again it's time for them to take charge of Marge, tidy up and settle her down for a little sleep. Three hilarious, anarchic and charming MARGE stories from A-list actress, mother, writer and comedian Isla Fisher. Ages 7+
Founders as fathers : the private lives and politics of the American revolutionaries
The happy marriage : a novel
Marge in charge
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Not my father's son : a memoir
Family dynamics in families of severe COPD patients
The secret history of Wonder Woman
Ralf
The Bakers : do these toys belong somewhere?
Love in the time of contempt : consolations for parents of teenagers
The seven silly eaters
That was good
More people to love me
Domestic life in Palestine
The year of Billy Miller
The brothers
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Anne's house of dreams
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
The man who loved children
The distance between us
Bright young things
Neglected : true stories of children's search for love in and out of the care system
When you love someone, how does it feel? And when you desire someone, how is it different? In Mating in Captivity, Esther Perel looks at the story of sex in committed couples. Modern romance promises it all - a lifetime of togetherness, intimacy and erotic desire. In reality, it's hard to want what you already have. Our quest for secure love conflicts with our pursuit of passion. And often, the very thing that got us to into our relationships - lust - is the one thing that goes missing from them. Determined to reconcile the erotic and the domestic, Perel explains why democracy is a passion killer in the bedroom. Arguesfor playfulness, distance, and uncertainty. And shows what it takes to bring lust home. Smart, sexy and explosively original,Mating in Captivity is the monogamist's essential bedside read.
It's not the stork : a book about girls, boys, babies, bodies, families, and friends
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Mating in captivity : sex, lies and domestic bliss
The last original wife : a novel
The weekend wives
Swing time
Ready or not
Modernization, emigration and the family : the Finnish case
Boundaries workbook : When to say yes how to say no to take control of your life
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
Transnational families in the making : the Polish experience of living between Poland and Finland during and after the Cold War
The virgin suicides
"Ralf is forever getting under his family's feet. But when a fire threatens to burn the house down, Ralf streches himself to the limit to save his family."--Publisher.
Death of a salesman
On the loose : a novel
Social change and the concept of leisure
"From the New York Times bestselling author of The Dovekeepers and The Museum of Extraordinary Things: a forbidden love story set on the tropical island of St. Thomas about the extraordinary woman who gave birth to painter Camille Pissarro the Father of Impressionism"-- Provided by publisher
Leaving the sea : stories
Tainted love
The Topsy-Turvies
Dream of the red chamber
There once lived a mother who loved her children, until they moved back in : three novellas about family / Ludmilla Petrushevskaya ; [translated with an introduction by Anna Summers]
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
Okay for now
Family life in patriarchal society
Boundless
The colour of milk
The family, politics and social theory
Untold stories
The long winter
Family matters
The politics of the family and other essays
Kids are weird : and other observations from parenthood
Solar bones
The futures of the family
Listen to your mother : what she said then, what we're saying now
"An ambitious, exuberant new novel moving from North West London to West Africa, from the multi-award-winning author of White Teeth and On Beauty  Two brown girls dream of being dancers--but only one, Tracey, has talent. The other has ideas: about rhythm and time, about black bodies and black music, what constitutes a tribe, or makes a person truly free. It's a close but complicated childhood friendship that ends abruptly in their early twenties, never to be revisited, but never quite forgotten, either.  Tracey makes it to the chorus line but struggles with adult life, while her friend leaves the old neighborhood behind, traveling the world as an assistant to a famous singer, Aimee, observing close up how the one percent live.  But when Aimee develops grand philanthropic ambitions, the story moves from London to West Africa, where diaspora tourists travel back in time to find their roots, young men risk their lives to escape into a different future, the women dance just like Tracey--the same twists, the same shakes--and the origins of a profound inequality are not a matter of distant history, but a present dance to the music of time"--
How it all began
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
The Cleveland show. Kausi 1
Marley : a dog like no other
The work-family conflict and related social support among expatriates in dual-earner families
It's the difference between surviving life and living life. It's the difference between taking a shower and teaching your monkey butler how to shampoo your hair. Jenny Lawson - aka The Bloggess - returns with the follow-up to her bestselling memoir Let's Pretend This Never Happened, recounting stories from everyday family life in her inimitably frank, hilarious, bizarre and endearing way. She describes her battles with depression and anxiety and her quest to overcome them by saying yes to even the absurdist opportunities and making the good times gloriously good. For as Jenny says: 'You can't experience pain without also experiencing the baffling and ridiculous moments of being fiercely, unapologetically, intensely and (above all) furiously happy...' It's a philosophy that has - quite literally - saved her life.
Balancing the big stuff : finding happiness in work, family, and life
Not my father's son : a family memoir
The child diary as a research tool
From family history to community history
The dog
The friends we keep
Split second
The Japanese family system in transition : a sociological analysis of family change in postwar Japan
August : Osage County
The Chinese family in the communist revolution
Sustainable flexibility : a prospective study on work, family and society in the information age
Clarice Bean, don't look now
To the lighthouse
The child and his family
Mothering justice : working with mothers in criminal and social justice settings
Templeton gets his wish
How to raise a feminist
The unofficial guide to adoptive parenting : the small stuff, the big stuff and the stuff in between
The first four years
Clarice Bean, that's me
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
Clean break
Family careers : developmental change in families
Fates and furies
Work and family life
Summary.
This book focuses on the language of proofs, argument and rhetoric in educational research. It also explores the language of particular debates significant to the wider educational context, such as the language of goals, parenting, and citizenship.
Calmer, easier, happier boys
Various pets alive and dead
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
All-American girl
15 things not to do with a baby
Ordinary world
Family Guy : Season thirteen
Bringing up kids with the confidence to change the world.-- Cover
"Don't forget the peanut butter, George! : fun and funny times abroad
Effects of ICT connectedness, permeability, flexibility, and negative spillovers on burnout and job and family satisfaction
The big picture : a novel
Down by the river
The restoration of Otto Laird
Judy Moody & Stink : The wishbone wish
Be frank with me
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
The ice twins
Toby, where are you?
Childbearing and Work-Family Balance among Contemporary Russian Women
Fool's assassin
About Grace
Counseling today's families
Living arrangements and their association to physical function at the ages of 90 and over
Narural (-ly) housewives : an oral history of growing up in Norway in the 1950s and 1960s
Moonglow : a novel
Hallowed
The architecture of memory : a Jewish-Muslim household in colonial Algeria, 1937-1962
Modern family. The complete second season
Longer careers? : the Veto Programme indicators
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
The lost gospel : decoding the ancient text that reveals Jesus' marriage to Mary the Magdalene
Once a year, on All Souls' Day, it is said in Ireland that the dead may return. 'Solar Bones' is the story of one such visit. Set in the west of Ireland as the recession is about to strike, this novel is a portrait of one man's experience when his world threatens to fall apart. Marcus Conway, a middle-aged engineer, turns up one afternoon at his kitchen table and considers the events that took him away and then brought him home again.
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLIX, 2014
Furiously happy : a funny book about horrible things
All fall down : a novel
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
Gender, family and work in Naples
The sound and the fury
Künstlerbürgertum : the social spheres of Berliner actors in the years 1815-1848
Blood brothers
Life with an alcoholic father : a contribution to the understanding of possible early development of alcoholism
Family life in old age : proceedings of the meetings of the European Social Sciences Research Committee in Dubrovnik, Yugoslavia, 19-23 October, 1976, and Ystad, Sweden, 26-30 September, 1977
A world of their own making : a history of myth and ritual in family life
Terms of endearment : a novel : with a new preface
Managing life with a memory disorder:the mutual processes of those with memory disorders and their family caregivers following a diagnosis
Simpsons comics : Helsinki
Family album
On living through Soviet Russia
Seven rules on having a happy marriage along with work
When the green woods laugh
Join the Finnish traditions with family Virtanen = Virtasten mukana ympäri vuoden
The best man
Second European quality of life survey : family life and work
Things I wish I'd known : women tell the truth about motherhood
Calmer, easier, happier parenting
The woman upstairs : a novel
Reclusive literary legend M. M. 'Mimi' Banning has been holed up in her Bel Air mansion for years. But after falling prey to a Bernie Madoff-style ponzi scheme, she's flat broke. Now Mimi must write a new book for the first time in decades, and to ensure the timely delivery of her manuscript, her New York publisher sends an assistant to monitor her progress. The prickly Mimi reluctantly complies, with a few stipulations: No Ivy-Leaguers or English majors. Must drive, cook, tidy. Computer whiz. Good with kids. Quiet, discreet, sane. When Alice Whitley arrives at the Banning mansion, she's put to work right away-as a full-time companion to Frank, the writer's eccentric nine-year-old, a boy with the wit of Noel Coward, the wardrobe of a 1930s movie star, and very little in common with his fellow fourth-graders.
Good wives
Work and family : an international research perspective
Unearthly
Communities and families
I am Jack
The making of home
The princess diaries
There are contrasting views on how gender equality affects fertility in contemporary European societies. This article discusses the Russian situation by asking how tensions in the contemporary gender system relate to reproductive decision-making and identity. How do gendered practices and identities influence womens intentions to have children? In depth interview data gathered during the last decade is used to analyze how the two main gender contracts of the professional women and the working mother relate to family planning, child birth, pregnancies, and mothering. Results indicate that while Russian women experience increasing pressure of the double burden and few signs of increasing gender equality in domestic life, the stable identity of Russian mothering contributes to the birth of at least one child. Childbearing does not depend directly on gender roles and division of labor in households. The decision to have a child and care for small children continues to be womens responsibility even as fertility patterns have modernized and gender equality in couple relations is slightly increasing. However, the type of gender contract influences the process of negotiation concerning reproductive matters and the timing of childbirth. .
The dream of the red chamber
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
Is timing everything? : a longitudinal perspective on adult transitions, their antecedents, and psychological implications
The darling buds of May
Marge and the pirate baby
