http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22506 Programme for International Student Assessment
Programme for International Student Assessment PISA research
Summary  : skills and age
PISA data analysis manual : SPSS, second edition
PISA results from 2000 through 2006.
"Education systems in Europe have been undergoing profound changes within the last few years. New actors, procedures, and arenas of policymaking have emerged which strongly affect today's education systems. Although traditionally assumed to be a genuinely 'national' policy field, international initiatives and programmes - among the most prominent ones being the PISA study for secondary education and the Bologna Process for higher education - have triggered fundamental reforms in many countries. This book focuses on educational outcomes and actors' reactions on internationalization. Including quantitative evaluation of a large set of OECD countries as well as seven qualitative case studies (Germany, France, England, Spain, Switzerland, USA, and China), Internationalization of Education Policy provides timely insights into a dynamic and highly contested policy field"--
Northern lights on PISA 2006 : differences and similarities in the Nordic countries
Combining theory and practice in teacher education
Learning mathematics for life : a perspective from PISA
The relationship between ICT use and reading literacy : focus on 15-year-old Finnish students in PISA studies
Quality time for students : learning in and out of school
Pisa 06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Explanations for the Finnish success in PISA evaluations
PISA 2009 results. Vol. 2, Overcoming social background : equity in learning opportunities and outcomes
An analysis of the career development items in PISA 2012 and of their relationship to the characteristics of countries, shools, students and families
PISA zufolge PISA : hält PISA, was es verspricht? = PISA according to PISA : does PISA keep, what it promises?
PISA 2012 results. Vol. 5, Creative problem solving : students' skills in tackling real-life problems
Why did Finnish, Japanese and Korean students achieve high scores in PISA 2003 scientific literacy assessment?
Manual for the PISA 2000 database
Setting the landscape
PISA 2012 assessment and analytical framework : mathematics, reading, science, problem solving and financial literacy
Differences between students' PISA reading literacy scores and grading for mother tongue and literature at school : A geostatistical analysis of the Finnish PISA 2009 data
Reading, Gender, and Engagement : Lessons From Five PISA Countries
Equity and excellence : evidence for policy formulation to reduce the difference in PISA performance between Swedish speaking and Finnish speaking students in Finland
An analysis of accountability policies in Finland and the United States
[PISA 2006] - mathematical literacy assessment
PISA 2006 - scientific literacy assessment
Change in teaching and learning
Finnish students ̀ school engagement profiles in the light of PISA 2003.
The cross-cultural view on students' motivation to learn
Northern lights on PISA 2009 : focus on reading
Northern lights on PISA 2003 : a reflection from the Nordic countries
Reasons behind the Finnish success in science and mathematics in PISA tests
Against the odds : disadvantaged students who succeed in school
The global testing culture : shaping education policy, perceptions and pratice
Exploring the differences of Finnish students in PISA 2003 and 2012 using educational data mining
PISA 2009 assessment framework : key competencies in reading, mathematics and science
PISA 2009 results. Vol. 5, Learning trends : changes in student performance since 2000
Are the new millennium learners making the grade? : technology use and educational performance in PISA
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Summary in estonian.
Domestication of international comparisons : the role of the OECD Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA) in Finnish education policy
Student engagement at school : a sense of belonging and participation : results from Pisa 2000
Improving lower secondary schools in Norway
The influence of local culture on students' educational outcomes
Several topics in contemporary educational research in Estonia have been covered in this collection. The professional identities of vocational teachers have been studied in relation to their new professional roles. Important differences in lesson planning have been found between novice and experienced teachers. A longitudinal study of the development of language competence revealed that it is important to provide students with tasks suited to their cognitive level. The metacognitive learning strategy summarizing alone explained 33 per cent of the variation in the reading results of the 2009 PISA study between schools in Estonia. Student argumentation in state exam compositions showed differences on the basis of gender and school type.
The global education reform movement and the OECD's programme for international student assessment (PISA) : a secondary analysis of PISA data
PISA 2009 at a glance
What lies behind Finnish students' success in PISA science?
PISA 2006 : technical report
[PISA 2006] - reading literacy assessment
PISA 2009 results. Vol. 1, What students know and can do : student performance in reading, mathematics and science
An analysis of the career development items in PISA 2012 and of their relationship to the characteristics of countries, schools, students and families
Mathematics teaching and learning strategies in PISA
Studies on the educational quality of school : the final report on the DFG priority programme
PISA 2009 results. Vol. 6, Students on line : digital technologies and performance
Reading the web - students' perceptions about the Internet
The ABC of gender equality in education : aptitude, behaviour, confidence
The Finnish success in Pisa - and some reasons behind it : Pisa 2003.. 2
Level and balance of achievement
Some background factors for the Finnish PISA results in mathematics
A comparison of PIAAC and PISA results
PISA computer-based assessment of student skills in science
PISA 2009 results. Vol. 4, What makes a school succesfull? : resources, policies and practices
Literalität, Grundbildung oder Lesekompetenz? : Beiträge zu einer Theorie-Praxis-Diskussion = Literacy, basic education or reading competencies? : aspects of a discussion between theory and practice
PISA 2009 results. Vol. 3, Learning to learn : student engagement, strategies and practices
PISA science 2006 : implications for science teachers and teaching
PISA data analysis manual : SAS, second edition
Students with disabilities, learning difficulties and disadvantages in the Baltic States, South Eastern Europe and Malta : educational policies and indicators
Strong performers and successful reformers in education : lessons from PISA for the United States
The Finnish success in Pisa - and some reasons behind it : 2 Pisa 2003
PISA under examination : changing knowledge, changing tests, and changing schools
Pisa06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Analysis of educational transfer and policy changes after PISA in Japan and Finland
Teacher autonomy and the professional learning community in Finland : exploring the context of PISA success
Summary.
Governing knowledge : comparison, knowledge-based technologies and expertise in the regulation of education
Kyrgyz Republic 2010 : lessons from PISA
PISA  2006 sampling and estimation
Executive summary and recommendations (s. 11-17).
Pathways to success : how knowledge and skills at age 15 shape future lives in Canada
Take the test : sample questions from OECD's PISA assessments
The Finnish miracle of PISA: historical and sociological remarks on teaching and teacher education
The lending power of PISA : league tables and best practice in international education
School differences and inequities in educational outcomes : PISA 2000 results of reading literacy in Finland
The antecedents of success : the Finnish miracle of Pisa
The Finnish success in Pisa - and some reasons behind it : Pisa 2000
The problem of equivalence in translating texts in international reading literacy studies : atext analytic study of three English and Finnish texts used in the PISA 2000 reading texts
Internationalization of education policy : a new constellation of statehood in education?
Equally prepared for life? : how 15-year-old boys and girls perform in school
Green at fifteen? : how 15-year-olds perform in environmental science and geoscience in PISA 2006
Top of the class : high performers in science in PISA 2006
The evaluation of the Finnish success story
Associations between age and cognitive foundation skills in the Nordic countries : a closer look at the data
Text authenticity in international reading literacy assessment : focusing on PISA 2000
Northern lights on PISA : unity and diversity in the Nordic countries in PISA 2000
Review of national policies for education : Denmark : lessons from PISA 2000
PISA as a tool for comparing educational systems
Context of teaching and learning school science in Finland : reflections on PISA 2006 results
What does PISA 2006 data tell us about the success of implementation of education policy in Finland?
Finnish students' cognitive and affective performance in Pisa 2006 scientific literacy assessment : a structural equation model
Abstract in Finnish.
Social capital and local variation in student performance in Swedish-speaking Ostrobothnia in Finland
Interests and attitudes
