http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22574 ulcerative colitis
ulcerative colitis
Matrix metalloproteinases and their tissue inhibitors as biomarkers in ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease
Assesment of TNFα –blocking therapy in inflammatory bowel disease patients in deep remission
Pediatric inflammatory bowel disease in Finland : incidence and long-term outcomes
Finnish summary.
Intestinal Inflammation and Outcome of Treatment in Pediatric Inflammatory Bowel Disease
Mucosal IL-17 immunity in diseases : with special reference to inflammatory bowel disease
Intestinal inflammation and outcome of treatment in pediatric inflammatory bowel disease
Genetic variation and clinical manifestations in inflammatory bowel disease
Inflammatory bowel diseases in Finland : epidemiology, malignancies and mortality
Abstract. - Yhteenveto. - Sammanfattning.
The function of the transmembrane protein FasL is to complex with the Fas receptor in a target cell and induce target cell apoptosis. Fas/FasL-mediated apoptosis plays important role in immunoregulation. FasL expression is mostly seen in activated lymphocytes. We have characterized endothelial FasL expression in different functional compartments of lymph nodes and gut-associated lymphoid tissue. Furthermore, we have explored the functional role of endothelial FasL expression by analyzing correlation with apoptosis of lymphocyte subpopulations in lymph nodes and by assessing endothelial expression under different conditions by activation of immune functions in gastrointestinal mucosa. Immunohistochemical stainings (Fas, FasL, CD3, CD20, CD19, CD23, CD56, FVIII) were performed on 20 reactive lymph node tissues (I and II), 60 pediatric endoscopy biopsy samples (III) or 60 samples from gut resections (IV). A double-staining method combining apoptosis detection with the TUNEL-method and lymphocyte classification with FasL, Fas and cell lineage markers was optimized. Patient groups included non-pathological lymph nodes, pediatric cow's milk-sensitive enteropathy, pediatric celiac disease, appendicitis, ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease. Control groups included normal biopsy samples from pediatric patients and non-pathological resecate samples from the appendix, colon or ileum to correspond to patient groups. Quantitative analysis (positive vessels or cells per mm2) was performed thoroughly for each anatomical region. In a subset of patients, soluble FasL in the serum was quantified with standard enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. In reactive lymph nodes FasL expression was predominantly present in high endothelial venules located in the paracortical area, where apoptotic T and B lymphocytes, some expressing Fas, were subsequently found. In the gut wall vascular FasL expression was seen in high endothelial vessels near lymphoid follicles. Serum FasL was elevated in children with an abundance of mucosal lymphoid follicles. In IBD, vascular FasL was upregulated in ulcers and in the submucosa of colons affected by Crohn's disease.The results indicate that endothelial FasL is characteristically present in high endothelial venules of lymphoid tissues. Detection of apoptotic Fas expressing lymphocytes adjacent to such vessels supports the idea that endothelial FasL functions as a selective gatekeeper by inducing apoptosis of Fas+ lymphocytes entering from the blood stream.
Monitoring treatment response in Crohn's disease
Endothelial FasL in lymph nodes and in intestinal lymphatic tissue
Abstract. - Finnish and swedish summaries.
