http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22505 violinists
violinists
I hear a voice calling : a bluegrass memoir
The violin : an illustrated history
Violin virtuosos : from Paganini to the 21st century
The history of the viola : Volume I
Return of the enfant terrible : [English violinist Nigel Kennedy]
Great performers
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 11
The great violinists
The only pirate at the party
Nora Roberts : syntinen viattomuus
Vanessa-Mae in tune with fate
The Mozart question
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 9
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 3.
Framhouse fiddlers : music & dance traditions in the rural Midwest : by Philip Martin
Violin dreams
A Sibelius scholar and violonist from Tokyo
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 5
The view from Europe
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 4
Playing with fire
Jascha Heifetz : early years in Russia
The memoirs of Carl Flesch
Violinists of to-day
Michael Rabin : America's virtuoso violinist
Conversations with Menuhin
A traitor to memory
Adolf Busch : the life of an honest musician. Vol. 2, 1939-52
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 1
Great masters of the violin : from Corelli and Vivaldi to Stern, Zuckerman and Perlman
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 13
The fiddle handbook
The history of the viola : Volume II
From Russia to the West : the musical memoirs and reminiscences of Nathan Milstein
The violin : a research and information guide
The effect of violin and viola playing on bony facial structures and on frequency of temporomandibular disorders
Yehudi Menuhin : the story of the man and the musician
Fiddler on the road
Leo Funtek - man who was a whole conservatory
Arctic discipline, viennese charm : [Réka Szilvay]
The art of the violin : teachers, teaching and technique : the collected articles of Henri Temianka on modern string playing
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 12
On Chesil Beach
Great masters of the violin : from Corelli and Vivaldi to Stern, Zukerman and Perlman
The way they play: illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 2
An encyclopedia of the violin
Chamber music concert ; Dealing with stage fright
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 8
Heifetz as I knew him
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 7
Unfinished journey
From Russia to love : the life and music of Viktoria Mullova
A Traitor to Memory
Nurtured by love : the classic approach to talent education
Summary.
Harry Wahl's violins
With strings attached : reminiscences and reflections
Per aspera ad astra : young violinist Réka Szilvay has confidence in the future
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 6
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 10
