http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22660 mineral resources
mineral resources
GTK consortium geological surveys in Uganda 2008-2012 : sustainable management of mineral resources project
Mineral deposits and earth evolution
Skrita bogastva Makedonije = Hidden treasures of Macedonia
Mineral resource estimation has changed considerably in the past 25 years: geostatistical techniques have become commonplace and continue to evolve; computational horsepower has revolutionized all facets of numerical modeling; mining and processing operations are often larger; and uncertainty quantification is becoming standard practice. Recent books focus on historical methods or details of geostatistical theory. So there is a growing need to collect and synthesize the practice of modern mineral resource estimation into a book for undergraduate students, beginning graduate students, and young geologists and engineers. It is especially fruitful that this book is written by authors with years of relevant experience performing mineral resource estimation and with years of relevant teaching experience. This comprehensive textbook and reference fills this need.
Basis for conclusions on exposure draft ED 6 Exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources : comments to be received  by 16 April 2004.
Rare-element geochemistry and mineral deposits
Earth's climate.
Added value from responsible use of raw materials
Geology and geochemistry of the metakomatiite-hosted Pahtavaara gold deposit in Sodankylä, northern Finland, with emphasis on hydrothermal alteration
Exploration geochemistry
"Written for students and professionals, this revised textbook surveys the mineral industry from geological, environmental and economic perspectives. Thoroughly updated, the text includes a new chapter on technology industry metals as well as separate chapters on mineral economics and environmental geochemistry. Carefully designed figures simplify difficult concepts and show the location of important deposits and trade patterns, emphasising the true global nature of mineral resources. Featuring boxes highlighting special interest topics, the text equips students with the skills they need to contribute to the energy and mineral questions currently facing society, including issues regarding oil pipelines, nuclear power plants, water availability and new mining locations. Technical terms are highlighted when first used, and references are included to allow students to delve more deeply into areas of interest. Multiple choice and short answer questions are provided for instructors online at www.cambridge.org/kesler to complete the teaching package"--
The illustrated encyclopedia of minerals and rocks
Geology and mineral resources of Japan
Minerals, metals and sustainability : meeting future material needs
Mineral deposits : processes to processing : proceedings of the Fifth Biennial SGA Meeting and the Tenth Quadrennial IAGOD Symposium/London/United Kingdom/22-25 August 1999. Vol. 1
Mineral deposits of Finland
Mineral deposits : processes to processing : proceedings of the Fifth Biennial SGA Meeting and the Tenth Quadrennial IAGOD Symposium/London/United Kingdom/22-25 August 1999. Vol. 2
Geophysical signatures of mineral deposit types in Finland
Mining in Latin America : critical approaches to the new extraction
Assessment of kaolin deposits in Nyeri district, Kenya
The earth - a great storehouse
The CIS mining industry in a transition period : with special reference to Finnish mining prospects
Mining the earth
Introduction to mineral exploration
Geology of gem deposits
An introduction to South Africa's geological and mining heritage
World resources : energy, metals, minerals : studies in economic and political geography
Earth resources and the environment
Mineral deposits within the European Community
Global warming and global cooling : evolution of climate on Earth
South African minerals : an analysis of Western dependance
On borrowed time? : assessing the threat of mineral depletion
Precambrian industrial minerals of Karelia (Russia)
Extensive descriptions of a wide range of key or world-class mineral deposits of China are presented in the context of the countrys general geology, tectonic units and mineral systems and their geodynamic evolution within the tectonic framework of the Asian continent. This comprehensive overview, incorporating the latest geological concepts, is the first such coverage written in English by a western expert, and will be of benefit to mineral explorers and miners, as well as to research scientists and students in institutions of higher education. In his compilation of this compendium of Chinese geology and mineral systems, Franco Pirajno draws on first-hand knowledge of Chinas geology and mineral deposits gained in numerous field visits and research projects with Chinese colleagues from various academic institutions over the past 18 years.First time that a western-based book on Chinas geology and mineral deposits is published Appropriate for use by the mineral exploration industry Modern English-language geological and mineral deposits information on China Most useful to Western (and Chinese) geoscientists.
Examination and valuation of mineral property
Modern civilization's dependence upon an increasing volume and diversity of minerals makes the search for new ore deposits ever more difficult. Now available from Waveland Press, Guilbert & Park's text presents ideas, principles, and data fundamental for beginning economic geologists to understand the genesis and localization of ore deposits and of the minerals associated with them. The authors comprehensively describe the physical and chemical characteristics of ore deposits, and correlate them with environments and conditions of deposition since ore deposits are best interpreted as extensions of the environments responsible for their enclosing rocks. Examples and illustrations emphasize structural, chemical, and temporal controls and encourage the three-dimensional thinking used by productive explorationists as they face unsolved problems. This upper-level undergraduate text is fully illustrated and meticulously indexed. Its reliable, authoritative coverage assumes an upper-level command of chemistry and physics, as well as mineralogy, petrology, and structural geology. Outstanding features include: 1) develops and combines the abilities of the explorationist and of the researcher of ore-forming processes; 2) structures the geologic descriptions into groupings recognized by researches and explorers alike; 3) builds confidence, revitalizes curiosity, and encourages expanded thinking; 4) emphasizes that the days of "easy" discovery of outcropping ores are not over; and 5) includes revised, expanded, and updated descriptions of districts.
The United States and the global struggle for minerals
Mineral deposits of Canada
Exploitation, conservation, preservation : a geographical perspective on natural resource use
GTK Consortium Geological Surveys in Mozambique 2002-2007
Geophysics for the mineral exploration geoscientist
Mineral deposits and metallogeny of Fennoscandia
Managing mineral wealth : training materials on "Management of mineral wealth and the role of mineral wealth in socio-economic development"
The mineral resources of Africa
Geology and mineral resources of Estonia
Social policy and state revenues in mineral-rich contexts
Assessment of Kisii stone deposits Got Chaki and Tabaka areas, Kenya
United States mineral resources
Mineral deposits of Canada : a synthesis of major deposit-types, district metallogeny, the evolution of geological provinces, and exploration methods
Strategic minerals : resource geopolitics and global geo-economics
Geophysics in mineral exploration : fundamentals and case histories
Application of till and stream sediment heavy mineral and geochemical methods to mineral exploration in western and northern Canada
Environmental conservation
Atlas of mineral resources of the ESCAP region. Vol. 6, Viet Nam : explanatory brochure
Assessment of Parminter's bentonitic clay in Meru district, Kenya
Economic geology : principles and practice : metals, minerals, coal and hydrocarbons - introduction to formation and sustainable exploitation of mineral deposits
Seismic reflection profiling for massive sulfide exploration in Finland
The geology and tectonic settings of China's mineral deposits
Geology and economic minerals of Canada. B, (Chapters VIII-XIII and index)
Mineral concessions and law in Greenland
Atlas of mineral resources of the ESCAP region. Volume 2, Solomon Islands : explanatory brochure
Ore reserve estimation and grade control : a Canadian centennial conference sponsored by the Geology and Metal Mining divisions of the C.I.M : held at Hotel L'Esterel, Ville d'Esterel, Quebec, September 25-27, 1967.
Humanity's ever-increasing hunger for mineral raw materials, caused by a growing global population and ever increasing standards of living, has resulted in economic geology becoming a subject of urgent importance. This book provides a broad panorama of mineral deposits, covering their origin and geological characteristics, the principles of the search for ores and minerals, and the investigation of newly found deposits. Practical and environmental issues that arise during the life cycle of a mine and after its closure are addressed, with an emphasis on sustainable and "green" mining. The central scientific theme of the book is to place the extraordinary variability of mineral deposits in the frame of fundamental geological processes. The book is written for earth science students and practicing geologists worldwide. Professionals in administration, resource development, mining, mine reclamation, metallurgy, and mineral economics will also find the text valuable.
Mineral resources, economics and the environment
Proceedings of the ninth session of the Committee on Natural Resources : incorporating the triennial review of mineral development activities in the ESCAP region, 1979-1981
Geology and mineral resources of Japan. Volume 1, Geology
Natural resources and conflict in Africa : the tragedy of endowment
Assessment of Lolkidongai wollastonite deposit in Kajiado district, Kenya
Mineral deposits of the world : ores, industrial minerals and rocks
Australian mineral industry survey
Marine mineral resources
Quantitative mineral resource assessments : an integrated approach
Mineral deposits: from their origins to their environmental impacts : proceedings of the third Biennial SGA Meeting, Prague/Czech Republic, 28-31 August 1995
The continental crust and its mineral deposits : the proceedings of a symposium held in honour of J. Tuzo Wilson held at Toronto, May 1979
The Gulf of Mexico basin
Excursion Guidebook Finrus : Ni-Cr-PGE deposits of Finland : excursion held 5-11 August 2013
People and the earth : basic issues in the sustainability of resouces and environment
How mineral-based industrial development marginalizes and displaces people in India : three case studies
Atlas of mineral resources of the ESCAP region. Volume 4, New Zealand : explanatory brochure
European minerals yearbook
Grains & bubbles : VTT Mineral Processing news
New approaches to the governance of natural resources : insights from Africa
Basis for conclusions on IFRS 6, Exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources
The geology and gold mineralization of the Guayaramerin area
Our mineral resources : an elementary textbook in economic geology
Ecological impacts of mining and quarrying industry in Ladoga region of Karelia
Antarctica : private property or public heritage?
Assessment of phosphate and niobium in carbonatitic and alkaline silicate complexes of South Nyanza, Kenya
Quantitative mineral resource assessment of platinum, palladium, gold, nickel, and copper in undiscovered PGE deposits in mafic-ultramafic layered intrusions in Finland
A large number of low-income less-developed countries are dependent on just a few primary commodities for their export earnings. Reliance on primary commodities is particularly hazardous given the extreme behaviour and poor visibility of commodity prices. Rational expectations competitive storage theory postulates that commodity prices are determined by expected futures prices, commodity stocks and the cost of carry. This paper uses a rich data set gathered primarily from the London Metal Exchange to test for the empirical application of the theory. In-sample analysis provides support for the theory whilst the out-of sample-results cast doubt concerning practical efficacy.
Law of the sea negotiations : hearings before the Subcommittee on Arms Control, Oceans, International Operations, and Environment of the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, Ninety-seventh Congress, first session, June 4 and September 30, 1981.
Metals and society : an introduction to economic geology
Atlas of mineral resources of the ESCAP region. Volume 3, Republic of Korea : explanatory brochure
Atlas of mineral resources of the ESCAP region. Volume 1 , Malaysia : explanatory brochure
The Convention on the Regulation of Antarctic Mineral Resource Activities : an attempt to break new ground
The theory of the Earth's climate evolution based on universal chemical-physical laws of matter-energy transformation is presented in the book. It shows how the process of Earth's core separation has led to formation and evolution of the hydrosphere and atmosphere. Having analyzed the processes of heat transfer in the atmosphere, the writers developed the adiabatic theory of the greenhouse effect, which was applied for analysis of climatic changes on the Earth. The influence of changes in climate on formation of mineral deposits and development of life on Earth was considered and presented based on modeling of typical climatic regimes. It shows that the anthropogenic effect on the Earth's global temperature is negligible in comparison with the effect of global forces of nature. * Presents the theory of Earth's evolution based on the laws of chemical-density differentiation of the origin of the Earth * Discusses the adiabatic theory of the greenhouse effect with quantitative estimates of the natural and anthropogenic influences on Earth's climates * Describes the quantitative description of the evolution of the Earth's climate throughout geologic history and prediction of the future of the Earth's climate * Investigates the global forces of nature driving the.
Ore mineralizations of the Krušné hory Mts. (Erzgebirge) : excursion guide : Karel Breiter & Reimar Seltmann
Mineral deposits : research and exploration : where do they meet? : proceedings of the fourth biennial SGA meeting, Turku/Finland/11-13 August 1997
Strategic materials : a world survey
Introducing natural resources
Geology and economic minerals of Canada. Maps and charts
General and international mineral policy : focus: Europe
Geology and economic minerals of Canada. A, (Chapters I-VII)
Exposure draft : ED 6 Exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources : comments to be received  by 16 April 2004.
Problems related to transfer of technology and mineral-based industrialization with special reference to Finland and Africa : papers of the symposium held at the Institute of Development Studies of the University of Helsinki
Geology and economic minerals of Canada
Industrial minerals in Asia and the Pacific : ceramic and refractory minerals
Geological methods in mineral exploration and mining
Proceedings of the Sixth Session of the Committee on Natural Resources : incorporating the triennial review of mineral development activities in the ESCAP region, 1976-1978
Natural resource economics : an introduction
The mineral resources of the sea
The geology of ore deposits
The changing role of international investment in the mining sector : the case of Bolivia
The effects of the Civil War on mining in Michigan
Sea-bed mineral resource development : recent activities of the international consortia
IFRS 6 : Exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources
A symposium on the tectonic history and mineral deposits of the Western Cordillera in British Columbia and neighbouring parts of the United States : presented at the 1964 annual western meeting of the Canadian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy held jointly with the Pacific Northwest Metals and Minerals Conference of the American Institute of Mining Metallurgical and Petroleum Engineers : Vancouver, October 25-28, 1964
The mining valuation handbook : mining and energy valuation for investors and managment
Testing the rational expectations competitive storage hypothesis
International law and the Antarctic Treaty system
Statistical evaluations in exploration for mineral deposits
