http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22605 Terek sandpiper
Terek sandpiper Xenus cinereus
Many waders are in decline, and the number of endangered species and populations is increasing. Their protection and management requires knowledge of both ecological and genetic state of the populations. In this thesis, I studied the distribution-wide genetic variation, structure and phylogeography of the Temminck's Stint (Calidris temminckii) and Terek Sandpiper (Xenus cinereus) using microsatellites and sequence data from the mitochondrial control region and cytochrome oxidase I gene. I compared these regionally endangered species to other waders with varying evolutionary histories, breeding systems and habitat preferences to examine the levels of genetic variation and structure at different spatial scales. In addition, I studied the genetic structure of the endangered Baltic population of the Southern Dunlin (Calidris alpina schinzii) with microsatellites. I used genetic information in all three study species to determine units for conservation.The Temminck's Stint and Terek Sandpiper, both not restricted to the Arctic, had low distribution-wide structuring. They also had quite low levels of variation when compared to other species breeding at similar latitudes, indicating reductions in population sizes during past climate changes. Especially the peripheral breeding populations were differentiated and showed signs of inbreeding and genetic drift when compared to the main range. The Temminck's Stint populations at the Bothnian Bay and Yakutia, and Terek Sandpiper populations in Finland and Belarus, should be treated as separate management units. The broader interspecific comparison of waders suggests that habitat availability, mating system and the extent of philopatry may affect the genetic composition of species.The genetic analyses of the Southern Dunlin indicated strong effects of philopatry and inbreeding throughout the range. Local subpopulations at the Bothnian Bay and in Sweden need to be considered as separate management units. Management efforts at the Baltic should be focused on increasing connectivity and providing large enough breeding habitats for potential immigrants and recruits.
Phylogeography and conservation genetics of waders
