http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22671 colouring
colouring
Maintenance of phenotypic variation in plumage colouration in a passerine bird
The physiology coloring book
Copic Coloring Guide. Level 2 : nature / Colleen Schaan, Marianne Walker
Colour variation and sex identification in the rock ptarmigan (Lagopus mutus) in Finland
Disruptive aposematism? : significance of dorsal zigzag pattern of European vipers
Layout essentials : 100 design principles for using grids
Coloring geometric images
Lost ocean : an inky adventure & colouring book
Antique locomotives : coloring book
"A fun-filled guide to drawing ponies & other magical friends" / Takakansi.
Stop bugging me! : diversity in appearance of warning coloration
The marginal = Marginaaliset
Little pony drawing book : how to draw and create magical friends
The language of colour : an introduction
Secret garden : an inky treasure hunt and coloring book
Drawing Birds with Colored Pencils
Abstract: 137 rock ptarmigan were shot in Finnish Lapland during the period 19. XII. 1967 - 1. III. 1968. The birds were sexed internally and aged, and the coloration of their heads and rectrices was examined. The heads were classified into five colour phases according to the coloration of the lores and the rectrices into three colour phases according to the extent of brown pigmentation...
The "Little folks" painting book : a series of outline engravings for water-colour painting
Geographic variation in the warning signals of the wood tiger moth (Parasemia plantaginis; Arctiidae)
Pohjolan eläimet : nisäkkäät : puuhakirja = The mammals of the North : coloring and activity book
Abc : big picture coloring book
The insider's guide to creating comics and graphic novels
Chromatic graph theory
Massive manga : techniques for drawing, inking and colouring
Copper and bronze in art : corrosion, colorants, conservation
Nature mandalas : coloring book
Stan Lee's how to draw comics
The nautical alphabet : a read-and-color book
Creative tangle : creating your own patterns for zen-inspired art
The anatomy coloring book
Saippa saimaannorpan puuhakirja = Saippa : the Saimaa ringed seal coloring and activity book
Anatomy coloring book
Richard Scarry's best rainy book ever
Netter's anatomy coloring book
The molecular mechanisms and evolutionary significance of plumage colour variation in pied flycatchers (Ficedula hypoleuca)
Kuningas Arthur : miekka kivessä = King Arthur : the sword in the stone = König Arthur : das Schwert im Felsen
The day the crayons quit
