http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22668 dormancy
dormancy dormant state
The effect of temperature and other factors on roosting times of Szechenyi Monal Partridges Tetraophasis szechenyii during the breeding season
Seasonal variation in the life histories of a viviparous ectoparasite, the deer ked
The germination of seeds
Investigations on the annual cycle of development of forest trees 2 : autumn dormancy and winter dormancy
Resting-state functional MRI in behavioral variant of frontotemporal dementia
Control of winter dormancy and budburst in Betula pendula and B. pubescens ecotypes = Regulering av vinterhvile og løvsprett i Betula pendula og B. pubescens økotyper
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration (FTLD) is the second most common neurodegenerative disease leading to early-onset dementia with an estimated worldwide prevalence of 10 to 30 cases per 100000 individuals in the age group of 46 to 65 years. Behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia (bvFTD) is the most common FTLD subtype. It is characterized by a progressive deterioration of behavior and personality as well as executive dysfunction. In Finland, almost 50 % of familial FTLD cases are attributable to the C9ORF72 mutation.bvFTD is associated with a characteristic pattern of brain atrophy detectable in structural MRI. However, these changes are typically not visible in the early stages of the disease. Resting-state functional MRI (RS-fMRI) is being increasingly used to evaluate changes in functional connectivity within neuronal networks in the brain but only a few RS-fMRI investigations of bvFTD patients have been published with inconsistent results.The object of this thesis was to investigate functional connectivity changes detected in the salience (SLN) and default mode networks (DMN) in bvFTD. Another aim was to clarify the role of other cognitive resting-state networks in this disease.A cohort of 26 bvFTD patients was studied, with 8 of these patients carrying the C9ORF72 expansion. Connectivity changes were detected in multiple clinically relevant cognitive networks. Decreased functional connectivity was observed in the SLN, which is associated with guiding of behavior. Increased activity was present in the DMN and the dorsal attention network (DAN). In C9ORF72 associated bvFTD, there was an abnormal linkage detected between the DMN and the thalamus.Currently, fMRI is generally used as a research tool and in a group setting. Different study methods have been used in the literature and also in the studies of this thesis, the analysis procedures differed to some extent. The variety of analysis methods may explain the heterogeneity in fMRI findings in bvFTD patients. There is a need for standardization of the fMRI methodology, larger study groups and also in the future the methodology should be improved so that single patient analysis would provide results to allow a confident diagnosis of this disease.
How to manipulate flower induction and dormancy through temperature and photoperiod fluctuation
Effects of temperature on dormancy release in Norway spruce and Scots pine seedlings
Abstract.
Seed dormancy and germination
Germination characteristics of autumn collected Pinus sylvestris seeds
Photoperiodic control of growth, cold acclimation and dormancy development in silver birch (Betula pendula) ecotypes
The ecology of seeds
Eco-physiological aspects of adaptation to seasonal environments : the latitudinal range expansion of the Colorado potato beetle across Europe
Modeling dormancy release in trees from cool and temperate regions
Environmental stress and horticulture crops : a proceedings of the XXVI International Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
Seeds : biology, development and ecology
Effect of temperature on storage properties, dormancy, soluble sugar content and α-galactosidase activity of seven new potato (Solanum tuberosum L.) cultivars
Ecotype-dependent control of growth, dormancy and freezing tolerance under seasonal changes in Betula pendula Roth
Dimensionality, noise separation and full frequency band perspectives of ICA in resting state fMRI:investigations into ICA in resting state fMRI
Dormancy development in trees
Benthic resting eggs in the life cycles of calanoid copepods in the northern Baltic Sea
Indirect calorimetry testing : comparison of standard and shorter measurement time periods in estimating resting energy expenditure
Proceedings of the XIth International Symposium on Plant Bioregulators in Fruit Production : Bologna, Italy, September 20 - 23, 2009
Wintertime changes in the fine structure and the ribosome content of the buds of Scots pine
[Abstract].
Exploring functional brain networks using independent component analysis:functional brain networks connectivity
Infra-slow fluctuations in simultaneous EEG-fMRI
Time to rest : signals in shoot apex developmental transitions underlying dormancy
Effect of temperature on the induction of bud dormancy in ecotypes of Betula pubescens and Betula pendula
Proceedings of the VIIIth International Symposium on Temperate Zone Fruits in the Tropics and Subtropics : Florianopolis, Brazil, October 21 - 25, 2007 ; [TZFTS]
Modelling bud dormancy release in trees from cool and temperate regions
Dimensionality, noise separation and full frequency band perspectives of ICA in resting state fMRI : investigations into ICA in resting state fMRI
Seed loss and volunteer seedling establishment of rapeseed in the northernmost European conditions: potential for weed infestation and GM risks
The effect of cutting the root connection by detaching the shoot from the root system on dormancy release and vegetative bud burst was examined in 2-year-old seedlings of Norway spruce (Picea abies [L.] Karst.). Seedlings were transferred at 1-4 week intervals between October and January from outdoor conditions to experimental forcing in a heated greenhouse. Before forcing, half of the seedlings were cut above ground line, and the detached shoots were forced with their cut ends placed in water. The intact seedlings were forced with their root system remaining intact in the pots. Vegetative bud burst was observed visually. Cutting the root connection slightly increased days to bud burst in the forcing conditions, however, no consistent effect on bud burst percentage was found. Our preliminary seedling data suggest that using detached tree material in dormancy release experiments may have a small effect on bud burst date but it will evidently not lead to drastically erroneous conclusions. Further studies, using different seed lots, are needed to assess the effect of detaching on the dormancy release and bud burst, especially in adult trees.
Plant growth substances : principles and applications
Physiological, morphological and molecular biological studies of dormancy development in Norway spruce and Scots pine = Fysiologiske, morfologiske og molekylæbiologiske studier av dvaleforløpet hos gran og furu
Seed development, dormancy and germination
Adaptation to seasonality : genetics and variation in life-history traits important in overwintering
A framework for modelling the annual cycle of trees in boreal and temperate regions
Significance of the root connection on the dormancy release and vegetative bud burst of Norway spruce (Picea abies) seedlings in relation to accumulated chilling
Different responses of northern and southern ecotypes of Betula pendula to exogenous ABA application
Changes in gene expression linked with adult reproductive diapause in a northern malt fly species: a candidate gene microarray study
Exploring functional brain networks using independent component analysis : functional brain networks connectivity
Modelling the annual growth rhythm of trees: conceptual, experimental, and applied aspects
Dormancy and frost hardiness in Norway spruce seedlings = Veksthvile og frostherdighet i småplanter av gran
Adaptations and responses of woody plants to environmental stresses
Seeds : physiology of development and germination
Physiology of trees
Frost hardiness of forest trees : a project summary
Experimental morphogenesis and integration of plants
Proceedings of the XIIth International Symposium on Plant Bioregulators in Fruit Production : Orlando, Florida, USA July 28-August 1, 2013
Method evaluations in spatial exploratory analyses of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging data
Seeds : the ecology of regeneration in plant communities
Principles of seed science and technology
Joint effects of day length and temperature on dormancy processes
Rapeseed soil seed bank development and volunteer plant establishment represent substantial risk for crop infestation and GM contamination. This study was designed to complement such investigations with novel understanding from high latitude conditions. Four experiments were designed to characterise seed loss at harvest, persistence, viability and capacity for volunteer seedling establishment, as well as impact of management measures on soil seed bank dynamics. Oilseed rape was the primary crop investigated due to the availability of GM cultivars and because of the increasing importance. Harvest losses and soil seed bank development were significant. Volunteer seedlings emerged at reasonably high rates, especially in the first autumn after harvest, but about 10% of buried seeds maintained their viability for at least three years. Soil incorporation methods had no major effect on numbers of volunteer seedlings, but herbicide treatments controlled volunteer seedlings efficiently, though not completely, due to irregular timing of seedling emergence.
Impact of selenium enrichment on seed potato tubers
Carbohydrate concentrations and dormancy as related to winter hardiness in red rasberry (Rubus idaeus L.)
Explaining social inequalities in health by sleep : the Japanese civil servants study
Seed dormancy in grasses
Hormonal regulation of bud burst and coppice shoot growth in Betula
Effects of temperature on dormancy release in woody plants : implications of prevailing models
Seasonal phenomena in natural and cultured bud tissues from mature scots pine
Diapause in aquatic invertebrates : theory and human use
Germination ecology of Galeopsis bifida (Lamiaceae) as a pioneer species in forest succesion
On the ecology and evolution of seed and bud dormancy
Overwintering in woody plants : involvement of ABA and dehydrins
