http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22616 collection catalogues
collection catalogues
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
Jew's harps in European archaeology
Libri rari et cari : Museoviraston vanhan kirjallisuuden kokoelmaluettelo = Katalog över Museiverkets samling av gamla litteratur = Catalogue of the collection of antiquarian litterature of the National Board of Antiquities
Venetian painting : fourteenth to eighteenth centuries
Grafike odabrane iz zbirke MMSU-a = Prints from the MMSU collection
Types of land and freshwater mollusks from the Hawaiian islands in the Museum of Comparative Zoology
Cactaceae of South America : the Ritter Collections
Folk art and culture of Gujarat : guide to the collection of the Shreyas Folk Museum of Gujarat
The Cesnola collection of Cypriot art : stone sculpture
Acute toxicity of ingested zinc shot to game-farm mallards
Visualizing music collections based on metadata : concepts, user studies and design implications
Reflection
Chinese matchbox covers
Pictor 11.
The Arabic manuscripts of the Zanzibar National Archives : a checklist
Ateneumin taidemuseo : kuvaluettelo = Konstmuseet i Ateneum : bilder = The Art Gallery of Ateneum : illustrations
Ancient European musical instruments : an organological study of the musical instruments in the Leslie Lindsey Mason collection at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston
Russian folkmusic and songs by Soviet composers
The library of Lewis Henry Morgan
The Caldwell Collection of Viols : a life together in the pursuit of beauty
The sixteenth century Italian paintings. volume II, Venice, 1540-1600
Catalogue 2.0 : the future of the library catalogue
English summary
An illustrated catalogue of the Asiatic horns and antlers in the collection of the Indian Museum
Collezione Tagliavini : catalogo degli strumenti musicali. Volume III, A concise English catalogue of the Tagliavini Collection of Musical Instruments
The Sanxingdui Site : mystical mask on ancient Shu Kingdom
The Uffizi gallery : art, history, collections
Silver coins of the Indian sub-continent from 449 until 1947
Changing keys : keyboard instruments for America 1700-1830
Föreningen Konstsamfundets samlingar : [katalog 1992] = Föreningen Konstsamfundetin kokoelmat : [luettelo 1992] = Collections of Föreningen Konstsamfundet : [catalogue 1992]
Corpus of Cypriote antiquities. 22, The vase collection in the Odense University
Australian art in the collection of the Australian National Gallery
Paintings from Rajasthan in the National Gallery of Victoria : a collection acquired through the Felton Bequests' Committee
A descriptive catalogue of the medieval manuscripts in Worcester Cathedral Library
Systematic revision of holoplanktonic Mollusca in the collections of the "Dipartimento di scienze della terra" at Torino, Italy
A list of the type-specimens of Hymenoptera described by K. Tsuneki in the Museum of Nature and Human Activities, Hyogo (MNHAH)
Series of reading experiences / Eija Aarnio
Niederländische Doppelrohrblattinstrumente des 17. und 18. Jahrhunderts : Sammlung = Dutch double reed instruments of the 17th and 18th centuries : Collection Haags Gemeentemuseum
An inventory of Southwestern American Indian specimens in European museums
Alte Pinakothek Munich : Explanatory notes on the works exhibited
Photographic collections in Texas : a union guide
FAO library select catalogue of books : 1951-1958
The Bäcksbacka Collection : the heart of the Helsinki Art Museum
The national museum of China
Trumpets and other high brass : a history inspired by the Joe R. and Joella F. Utley Collection. Volume 2, Ways to expand the harmonic series
Undiscovered art from the Korean War : explorations in the collection of Chester and Wanda Chang
Type and referred specimens of fossil invertebrata in the Natural History Musem of Los Angeles County. Suppl. 4, Specimens formely conserved at the University of California, Los Angeles
European stringed instruments
Le fonds Lapponica des Fellman : catalogue raisonné = Fellmanin suvun Lapponica-kokoelma = The Lapponica collection of the Fellman family
The Stock Market 14.
Other people's books : association copies and the stories they tell
1700-tals textil : Anders Berchs samling i Nordiska museet = 18th century textiles : the Anders Berch collection at the Nordiska museet
The fifteenth century Netherlandish paintings
Paintings in the Hermitage
Consists of 52 essays by 51 authors, each describing a single book from an institutional or private collection.
Musical instruments
Idiophones of the ancient Near East in the collections of the British Museum
Western manuscripts collection
Royal Northern College of Music Collection of Historic Musical Instruments : catalogue of the collection
Catalogue of the manuscripts of Lincoln Cathedral Chapter Library
Silk designs of the eighteenth century : in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum, London
Iskusstvo skani = The art of filigree
Annotated catalog of type specimens in the Illinois Natural History Survey Fish Collection
Inventory of the lettere e scritture Turchesche in the Venetian State Archives
Shaanxi History Museum
Notes diverse holo : catalogues of Beckett's reading notes and other manuscripts at Trinity College Dublin, with supporting essays
Authors and titles : an analytical study of the author concept in codes of cataloguing rules in the English language, from that of the British Museum in 1841 to the Anglo-American Cataloguing rules 1967.
Glimpses of history
National Museum of Ethnology, Osaka : guidebook = Kokuritsu Minzokugaku Hakubutsukan tenji gaido
An Ethnography of the Hermit Kingdom : The J.B. Bernadou Korean collection, 1884-1885
The sixteenth century Italian paintings. volume I, Paintings from Bergamo, Brescia, and Cremona
Italian painting : thirteenth to sixteenth centuries
Keyboard musical instruments in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston
Summary.
Keyboard instruments
World directory of map collections
San Francisco museum of modern art : the painting and sculpture collection
Children born from eggs : African magic tales : texts and discussions
Catalogue of the Newark Museum Tibetan collection. volume 3, sculpture and painting
Dagerotip v Rossii = The daguerreotype in Russia
Trumpets and other high brass : a history inspired by the Joe R. and Joella F. Utley Collection. Volume 1, Instruments of the single harmonic series
Catalog of type specimens of recent Crocodilia and Testudines in the National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution
Corpus vasorum antiquorum : Australia. Nicholson Museum, University of Sydney
Clocks and watches of the Qing dynasty : from the collection in the Forbidden City
Catalog of type specimens of recent fishes in the National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution. 9, Family Poeciliidae (Teleostei: Cyprinodontiformes
Manuscript material, correspondence, and graphic material in the Fiske Icelandic Collection : a descriptive catalogue
A catalogue of Manchu materials in Paris : manuscripts, blockprints, scrolls, rubbings, weapons
A catalogue of Greek manuscripts from the Meerman Collection in the Bodleian Library
Ford Madox Brown : a catalogue raisonné
Corpus Inscriptionum Arabicarum Palaestinae addendum : squeezes in the Max van Berchem collection (Palestine, Trans-Jordan, Northern Syria) squeezes 1-84
