http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22619 hackers
hackers
Free software to open hardware : critical theory on the frontiers of hacking
The net is not enough : searching for the female hacker
Blackhat
Ignite the shadows
Their fractured light: a Starbound novel
Inside the cage
The girl with the dragon tattoo
Theoretical offensive cyber militia models
Virtual light
Sixteen-year-old Marci Guerrero is one of the best teen hackers in Seattle. However, she'd give up all her talents to know she isn't crazy. Marci feels possessed by shadowy spectres that take control of her body and make her do crazy things. While spying on the clandestine group known as IgNiTe, she is confronted by their mysterious leader, James McCray. His presence stirs the spectres inside her brain into a maddening frenzy. Her symptoms and ability to control them don't go unnoticed by James, who soon recruits her. As IgNiTe reveals its secrets, Marci starts to realise that half the world's population is infected with sentient parasites, which are attacking and eventually supplanting the human brain. Now Marci wishes she was crazy, because this truth is far worse.
No tech hacking : a guide to social engineering, dumpster diving, and shoulder surfing
We steal secrets : the story of Wikileaks
China's contested Internet
The Throwaways
In the new world of The Takeover nothing and no one will be safe. Marci must choose: love or vengeance.  One night she secretly follows her lover to a club. To her horror she discovers those closest to her, mingling freely with parasitic creatures which have secretly possessed human minds. A bloody ambush follows, leaving Marci a shadow of her former self.  Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious attacks. Ignite, the only resistance group, is disintegrating. As the world catches fire, Marci struggles to control the buzzing spectres in her own head.  Her hardest battle is between the forces of good and evil within herself. For Marci must fight. She was meant to burn.
Corsair : a science fiction novel
The girl who played with fire
Cryptonomicon
Watch dogs : PlayStation 4
Queen of nowhere
From dinosaurs and dirtballs to demigods of the cyberspace : lexical, etymological and sociolinguistic aspects of agent nouns in The New Hacker's Dictionary
Sidney Sheldon's Reckless : a Tracy Whitney novel
Sp4rx
The Matrix
Bloody Monday. Volume 5
Watch dogs : PS4
Cyber war : the next threat to national security and what to do about it
The leviathan effect
Bloody Monday. Volume 8
Watch dogs 2 :  PlayStation 4
Malware analyst's cookbook and DVD : tools and techniques for fighting malicious code
Gideon Marchant is an eighteen-year-old computer hacker known in Corinth's underworld as The Knave of Hearts. He'll climb, abseil and worm his way past the best security measures to pull off onsite hacks that others don't dare touch. Sofia Quinn has a killer smile, and by the time you're done noticing it, she's got you offering up your wallet, your car, and anything else she desires. She holds LaRoux Industries responsible for the mysterious death of her father and is out for revenge at any cost. When a LaRoux Industries security breach interrupts Gideon and Sofia's separate attempts to infiltrate their headquarters, they're forced to work together to escape. Each of them has their own reason for wanting to take down LaRoux Industries, and neither trusts the other. But working together might be the best chance they have to expose the secrets LRI is so desperate to hide.
"In the early 2020s, two young, genius computer hackers, Elizabeth Santiago and David Schwartz, meet at MIT, where Schwartz is sneaking into classes, and have a brief affair. David is amoral and out for himself, and soon disappears. Elizabeth dreams of technology and space travel and takes a military job after graduating. Nearly ten years later, David is setting himself to become a billionaire by working in the shadows under a multiplicity of names for international thieves, and Elizabeth works in intelligence preventing international space piracy. With robotic mining in space becoming a lucrative part of Earth's economy, shipments from space are dropped down the gravity well into the oceans. David and Elizabeth fight for dominance of the computer systems controlling ore drop placement in international waters. If David can nudge a shipment 500 miles off its target, his employers can get there first and claim it legally in the open sea. Each one intuits that the other is their real competition but can't prove it. And when Elizabeth loses a major shipment, she leaves government employ to work for a private space company to find a better way to protect shipments. But international piracy has very high stakes and some very evil players. And both Elizabeth and David end up in a world of trouble." - Provided by publisher.
Eclipse the flame
Bloody Monday. Volume 3
Neural : hacktivism, e-music, new media art
Hardpressed
Inside cyber warfare
Non-state actors in cyberspace operations
Cybercrime and deterrence : networking legal systems in the networked information society
Snow crash
Cybercrime : the psychology of online offenders
Hackers : heroes of the computer revolution
Internet security : hacking, counterhacking, and society
Research on network security and protection technology
WatchDogs 2 (PS4)
Watch dogs : Xbox One
The eye of minds
Wick is used to relying on herselfand only herself. But shes going to have to learn to trust someone if shes going to finally escape her demons
The hacker playbook : practical guide to penetration testing
Bloody Monday. Volume 4
Android netrunner : The card game
Alif the unseen
Ghost in the wires : my adventures as the world’s most wanted hacker
Watch dogs 2 : Xbox One
The art of intrusion : the real stories behind the exploits of hackers, intruders, & deceivers
Watch dogs : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Count Zero
Bloody Monday. Volume 1
The game of lives
Hacking : basic security, penetration testing and how to hack
Watch dogs : Xbox 360
The girl who kicked the hornet's nest
Hacking exposed malware and rootkits
Information security : a manager's guide to thwarting data thieves and hackers
Defeating the hacker : a non-technical guide to computer security
The forever watch
The zero theorem
Watch dogs : PS3
Firewall
The Snowden files : the inside story of the world's most wanted man
Bloody Monday. Volume 6
Mr. Robot. Season 1.
Don't turn around
Gray hat hacking : the ethical hacker's handbook
The cybersecurity dilemma : hacking, trust, and fear between nations
