http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2261 domestic environment
domestic environment
Understanding young children's learning through play : building playful pedagogies
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
The new era of home-based work : directions and policies
Excellence in early childhood education
Is school a better environment than home for digital game-based learning? : the case of Graphogame
Familial influences on adolescence smoking : parental smoking, home smoking ban and home-based sourcing of tobacco
At home : the American family 1750-1870
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
New homeoffice design
The Cambridge handbook of environment in human development
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Changing families, changing food
Home as a physical, social and mental space : young people's reflections on leaving home
Occupational therapy practice guidelines for home modifications
Livestock environment II : proceedings of the 2nd international livestock environment symposium, April 20-23, 1982, Scheman Center, Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa
Estonian and Finnish gifted children in their learning environments : articles
Predictors of moral reasoning
An ordinary marriage : the world of a gentry family in provincial Russia
Children, place and indentity : nation and locality in middle childhood
How things work today
This paper reports findings from the study that examined the role of family in children's acquisition of early reading skills. We recruited 72 first-grade learners and their parents from low-income Zambian families for the study. In response to a home literacy questionnaire, parents reported on their reading attitudes and family literacy environment. Children's early reading skills were assessed using two early reading tests (orthographic awareness and decoding competence), both conducted at two different points during the year. Regression analyses of pretest and gain scores revealed that parental reading attitude and family literacy environment significantly predicted early reading skills. These findings suggest that the family is an important element in the children's process of learning to read. Implications of the findings are discussed.
Children and family structures : child and different relationships of recent family types : proceedings from the Fenno-Hungarian Conference on Recent Family Types, July 5-7, 1989, Lahti, Finland
Psychology of gender differences
Watership Down
With or without you : a memoir
Direct energy (electricity and heating) consumption was measured from one broiler house in southern Finland. CO2 emissions were also calculated. Six broiler flocks were reared per year with an average of 26 000 birds per flock. Heating constituted the major energy input, averaging 1.3 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. It varied greatly between seasons and was highest during the cold period. Using renewable energy for heating remarkably reduces CO2 emissions compared to fossil energy. Electricity consumption averaged 0.08 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. The greatest energy saving potential can be found in heating. CO2 emissions can be lowered to similar levels as in warmer countries by using biofuels for heating. Ventilation control is one possibility for direct energy savings in broiler production. Feed production is one of the key elements when total energy consumption is considered.
Education, entertainment and learning in the home
Yhteenveto (summary)
Community in a children's home
The body never lies : the lingering effects of hurtful parenting
Estonian and Finnish gifted children in their learning environments
At home : an anthropology of domestic space
The Gentle art of domesticity
Domestic culture in the Middle East : an exploration of the household interior
Living standards and changing expectations : investigating domestic necessity and environmental sustainability in an affluent society
The gentle art of domesticity
The acquisition of early reading skills : the influence of the home environment in Lusaka, Zambia
Co-habiting with ghosts : knowledge, experience, belief and the domestic uncanny
Emergent computer literacy : a developmental perspective
Drug use among the home-dwelling elderly : trends, polypharmacy, and sedation
Activity environment, social class and voluntary learning : an interpretation and application of Vygotsky's concepts
The body never lies : the lingering effects of cruel parenting
The child's play world at home and the mother's role in the play
Stepfamily relationships : development, dynamics, and interventions
Homes and homecomings : gendered histories of domesticity and return
Effects of grass-red clover silage digestibility and concentrate protein concentration on performance, carcass value, eating quality and economy of finishing Hereford bulls reared in cold conditions
Children's and adolescents' achievement strategies, school adjustment and family environment
Ideal homes? : social change and domestic life
Lehmuskoti dementia unit : towards the symptoms-relieving environment
Public health practice & the school age population
The metamorphosis of home : research into the future of proactive technologies in home environments
Homeschooling : a path rediscovered for socilazation, education and family
Education and the family : passing success across the generations
Working with children of alcoholics : the practitioner's handbook
Enhancing the usability of telecare devices
Predictors of violent reconvictions and mortality among impulsive alcoholic violent offenders : a prospective study
The long shadow : family background, disadvantaged urban youth, and the transition to adulthood
Parental involvement and children's academic skills
Redesigning animal agriculture : the challenge of the 21st century
Probing a proactive home : challenges in researching and designing everyday smart environments
Livestock in a changing landscape. Vol. 1, Drivers, consequences, and responses
Home lingual environment effect on development : of child's language in multilingual daycare
Wild things : the material culture of everyday life
Literacy skills of Kiswahili speaking children in rural Tanzania : the role of home environment
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Design for nature in dementia care
My childhood, my creativity, myself : a self-portrait of student actors, dancers and graphic artists
Psychobiological personality : environmental antecedents in childhood, and developmental trends and wellbeing outcomes in adulthood
"This timely and accessible text successfully introduces, theorises and practically applies emerging ideas which now increasingly underpin early years practice, that of 'playful learning' and 'playful pedagogies'. By drawing upon observation, interviews and filmed material in their study of play environments, Pat Broadhead and Andy Burt offer accessible insights into key theories as well bringing together their wealth of skills and knowledge to provide numerous ideas for practical application in classroom or early years settings. In both indoor and outdoor environments, the text explores 'open-ended role play', (or 'the whatever you want it to be place') and illustrates how themes in children's play reflect their interests, experiences, knowledge gained at home and cultural heritage. By showing how children become familiar and skilful within open-ended play environments, the authors have seen the children's co-operative skills develop over time as they become connected communities of learners. This book also demonstrates how interested parents can become when involved in playful learning. Parents' knowledge and understanding, alongside that of the educators', helps to build a bridge between home and school that makes playful learning a universally understood experience by all adults involved with the child. This insightful text will be of interest to students of early years education, early years practitioners, and researchers"-- Provided by publisher.
UbiHomeServer front-end to the ubiquitous home environment
House as a mirror of self : exploring the deeper meaning of home
This study investigated how the use of an online reading game differs in home and school environments. First and second graders (N = 194) participated in an 8-week training during which they used the reading program GraphoGame either at home or at school under the supervision of parents or teachers. Child participants were recommended by parents and teachers recruited from the list of GraphoGame users, and adults decided whether the training took place at home or at school. We measured the frequency and duration of playing, children's engagement, development of reading skill and reading interest, and adult supportive involvement. The results revealed that children who played GraphoGame at school showed higher engagement and used it more frequently than players at home. Although teachers were more involved in the children's playing than were parents, only parental involvement was significantly associated with a child's engagement during training and the child's learning outcomes.
Pro-environmental behavior : in and off work : a case study with EDP employees (São Paulo, Brazil)
The mapped environment : cognitive aspects of children's drawings
Your adolescent at home and in school
Taking stock : animal farming and the environment
Schooling, family background and adoption : is it nature or is it nurture?
Livestock in a changing landscape. Vol. 2, Experiences and regional perspectives
Professional domesticity in the Victorian novel : women, work and home
Manure nutrient content in the Baltic Sea countries
A lightweight, user-controlled system for the home
Transformations of domesticity in modern women's writing : homelessness at home
99 businesses to start at home : [Inspiring ideas for a new working life]
Domesticating the web
Home possessions : material culture behind closed doors
Photographs : theater of manners
Role of Family on Pathways to Acquiring Early Reading Skills In Lusaka's Low-Income Communities
The allergy and asthma protective effects of farm environment and pet animals : the role of immunomodulation
Children, memory and family identity in Roman culture
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
In search of affordances and visual quality : interpreting environments of children aged under three in seven Finnish day-care centres
The impact of home environment and daycare environment on children's emotional behavior
Improving primary literacy : linking home and school
Here, there, elsewhere : dialogues on location and mobility / edited by David Blamey
Pictures from home
Direct energy consumption and CO2 emissions in a Finnish broiler house - a case study
Culture and environment
Environment and health in the Accra metropolitan area, Ghana
Learning from the margins : young women, social exclusion and education
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Desire and domestic fiction : a political history of the novel
Künstlerbürgertum : the social spheres of Berliner actors in the years 1815-1848
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
The aim of the present experiment was to study the effects of (1) digestibility of grass-red clover silage (GCS) and (2) concentrate protein concentration on the performance, eating quality and economy of Hereford bulls during a six months pre-slaughter period, and reared in cold indoor facilities. Thirtyone bulls with an initial live weight (LW) of 289 kg were selected for a 2 x 2 factorial design experiment consisting of two primary growth GCSs harvested at different maturities (in vitro digestible organic matter (OM) in dry matter (DM), D value: Early-cut, E, 750 g kg⁻¹ DM; Late-cut, L, 699 g kg⁻¹ DM) and two concentrate crude protein concentrations (Medium, M, 170 g kg⁻¹ DM; High, H, 210 g kg⁻¹ DM). The concentrate comprised milled barley and pelleted commercial protein compound and was offered daily on average 3.2 kg DM, including 0.45 and 1.13 kg of rapeseed cake in M and H, respectively. Grass-red clover silage was offered ad libitum. The target cold carcass weight was 330 kg.The proportion of concentrate of the total daily DM intake averaged 0.337 during the entire experiment. Treatments had no effect on the daily intake of GCS, total intake of DM, DM intake kg⁻¹ LW0.75 and metabolizable energy averaging 6.0 and 9.4 kg DM, 97.4 g and 109.4 MJ, respectively. The digestibility of dietary OM and neutral detergent fibre was lower (p < 0.05, 0.733 vs. 0.769 and 0.625 vs. 0.665) on diet L than on diet E. The animals on diet E tended to consume daily on average 1.29 kg less (p < 0.10) DM kg⁻¹ net weight gain than those on diet L. The time to achieve the target carcass weight was on average 18 days longer (p < 0.01) on diet L than on diet E. During the entire experiment the LW gain averaged 1795 and 1609 g d⁻¹ (p < 0.01) on diets E and L, respectively. The concentrate protein concentration did not affect animal performance. Treatments had no significant effect on the kill-out proportion, EUROP carcass conformation and carcass fat classification which averaged 537 g kg⁻¹, 6.5 and 3.6, respectively. The eating quality of the tested loins was good. Treatments had only a minor effect on the yield of valuable cuts. It is concluded that the digestibility of silage is important since the early-cut silage improved the growth rate and shortened the finishing period of bulls significantly compared with those fed late-cut silage. The lower yield and, thus, higher unit cost of early.cut silage may, however, invalidate its superiority compared with the late.cut silage. There was no benefit from using concentrate of high protein concentration.
Danish cookbooks : domesticity & national identity, 1616-1901
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
Consuming families : buying, making, producing family life in the 21st century
The SAGE handbook of child development, multiculturalism, and media
Chaos and its influence on children's development : an ecological perspective
Mental health, mental illness and family background
Home bodies : tactile experience in domestic space
School readiness and the transition to kindergarten in the era of accountability
The home : words, interpretations, meanings, and environments
The neutered mother, the sexual family and other twentieth century tragedies
Investigations into the daily life of Roman families show that children were key actors in the process of the construction of social memory: they were the pivotal point of the transmission of family tradition and values in both elite and non-elite families. This collection of essays draws together the perspectives of various disciplines to provide a multifaceted picture of the Roman family based on a wide range of evidence drawn from the 1st century BCE to Late Antiquity and the Christian period. The contributors define the notion of memory, discuss the role of children in the transmission of social memory and social identities, and also deal with threats to familial memory, in the cases of children deliberately or accidentally excluded from tradition, long believed to be invisible, such as those born at home to slaves, or outcast because of illness or their unusual status, for example as the offspring of an incestuous relationship.
Life's work : geographies of social reproduction
An examination of childhood trauma and its surreptitious, debilitating effects by one of the world's leading psychoanalysts.
