http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22676 multilevel analysis
multilevel analysis
An introduction to multilevel modeling techniques
Well-posed linear systems
A primer on linear models
Informative hypotheses : theory and practice for behavioral and social scientists
Multilevel and longitudinal modeling using Stata
Multilevel and longitudinal modeling using Stata. Vol. II, Categorical responses, counts, and survival
Essentials of research methods in human sciences. Volume 3, Advanced analysis
An introduction to generalized linear models
Economic development in the African least developed countries : explaining variations in levels of income per capita within a sample of the least developed countries using cross-sectional multivariate linear regression analysis = Ekonomisk utveckling i Afrikas minst utvecklade länder
Production frontiers
AEZWIN : an interactive multiple-criteria analysis tool for land resources appraisal
Dynamic mixed models for familial longitudinal data
Essentials of research methods in human sciences. Volume 1, Elementary basics
Partially linear models
Poverty, inequality and the Finnish 1860s famine
Confidence intervals in generalized regression models
The new statistics with R : an introduction for biologists
An introduction to multilevel modeling techniques : MLM and SEM approaches using Mplus
Nonlinear modelling of the Finnish banking and finance branch index
ANOVA and ANCOVA : a GLM approach
This book examines Stata's treatment of generalized linear mixed models, also known as multilevel or hierarchical models. These models are "mixed" because they allow fixed and random effects, and they are "generalized" because they are appropriate for continuous Gaussian responses as well as binary, count, and other types of limited dependent variables. Volume I covers continuous Gaussian linear mixed models and has nine chapters. The chapters are organized in four parts. Volume II discusses generalized linear mixed models for binary, categorical, count, and survival outcomes.
Linear mixed models : a practical guide using statistical software
Modern analysis of customer surveys : with applications using R
Context Classification using Audio Data for a Wearable Computer
Design of experiments : an introduction based on linear models
Multilevel analysis : an introduction to basic and advanced multilevel modeling
Structural equation modeling : a second course
Predictive modeling using sparse logistic regression with applications
Dynamic linear models with R
Essentials of research methods in human sciences. Volume 2, Multivariate analysis
