http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2260 parent-child relationship
parent-child relationship
Vanishing acts
Corner shop
How to surprise a dad
Everybody's fine
The marriage of opposites : a novel based on the life of Rachel Pizzarro
Karen Alpert, writer of the blog Baby Sideburns, shares funny stories and pictures from her experiences raising her young son and daughter.
The buried giant : a novel
When my heart was wicked
The followers
Becoming Nicole : the extraordinary transformation of an ordinary family
Parenting and children's internationalization of values : a handbook of contemporary theory
Mean moms rule : why doing the hard stuff now creates good kids later
End game
Parents, children, and adolescents : interactive relationships and development in context
Tracy Beaker trilogy
Silence is goldfish
God help the child
Setting limits with your strong-willed teen : eliminating conflict by establishing clear, firm, and respectful boundaries
Music therapy for improving premature infants' well-being and communication skills and enhancing mother-infant bonding : a case study
Day care in context
How to unspoil your child fast : a speedy, complete guide to contented children and happy parents
The suitcase kid
Diary of the fall
The painter of birds : [a novel]
Supporting children in the early years
The stepmonster
Sons + fathers : words and images supporting the Irish Hospice Foundation
The impact of child placement on family bonds among parents
Children and the changing family : between transformation and negotiation
Child care and the growth of love
Love in the time of contempt : consolations for parents of teenagers
The perfect Percival Priggs
Tad and dad
Something different about dad : how to live with your amazing Asperger's parent
Ourselves in their shoes : the child's view
Daddy loves me!
How to live with your special child : a practical guide for parents and teachers
The good parents
Zilla Sasparilla and the mud baby
Fatherless children
Looking for Alibrandi
Least among saints
The distance between us
The sociology of child development
Raising parents : attachment, parenting and child safety
What the light hides
Maternal care and mental health : a report prepared on behalf of the World Health Organization as a contribution to the United Nations programme for the welfare of homeless children
The house gun
Call me home : a novel
High-risk infants and children : adult and peer interactions
This heartwarming women's fiction series from beloved New York Times bestselling author Mary Alice Monroe centers on Marietta Colson Muir, a dowager of Charleston society who has retired to her historic summer home on Sullivan's Island called Conquest, and her three granddaughters Carson, Eudora, and Harper. It's summer once again on idyllic Sullivan's Island, but Eudora, or Dora as she's affectionately called by her family, is feeling anything but perfect. With a perpetually withdrawn son and an impending divorce, the pressure is just too much to handle, and Dora cracks, suffering what the doctors are calling 'Broken Heart' syndrome. Mamaw, Lucille, Harper, and Carson all rally around Dora to support her and nurse her back to health--however, it seems Dora isn't the only one falling apart this summer. Between Lucille's health scare and an unexpected surprise that has Carson reconsidering her life's direction, it looks like all the women of Sullivan's Island could use some TLC. When Sullivan's is hit with a tropical storm, it will be up to the three sisters to band together and weather the tempest together--both the one outside their windows, and the raging sea of emotions within each one of them.
Strong fathers, strong daughters : 10 secrets every father should know
The acquisition of early reading skills : the influence of the home environment in Lusaka, Zambia
The assassin's song
Feminism and disability
Someone else's child
The virgin suicides
Bulletproof vest : the ballad of an outlaw and his daughter
The summer's end
Ham on rye
Talking to parents
Babies and their mothers
Son of a gun : a memoir
"From the New York Times bestselling author of The Dovekeepers and The Museum of Extraordinary Things: a forbidden love story set on the tropical island of St. Thomas about the extraordinary woman who gave birth to painter Camille Pissarro the Father of Impressionism"-- Provided by publisher
Age of consent : a novel
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Early and middle childhood: growth, abuse and delinquency : and its effect on the individual, family, and community
Pieces of my heart
The effect of the infant on its caregiver
The lost daughter
Parental love : irreplaceable for children's well-being
Children of depressed parents : risk, identification, and intervention
Event-related potential (ERP) studies of mother-infant interaction
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to describe the harmful effects of parental substance abuse from child perspective as having to grow up in a substance abusing family is considered as child maltreatment. In addition, the trends in parental substance abuse and the children's visibility in the treatment cycle were stressed as the data was gathered from Järvenpää Addiction Hospital's children's treatment documents.    This study is of qualitative nature including 80 treatment documents from two decades that were processed using content analysis. The theoretical framework was drawn from the attachment theory and especially concentrating on the attachment disturbances.    The findings were reflected against earlier studies and the attachment theory. The results indicated that the four major emotional harms that had risen from previous studies were visible in the treatment documents as well; insecurity, restlessness, anxiety and aggression. Additionally, the children had frequently encountered different traumatising experiences such as domestic violence that then had exposed them to psychosomatic symptoms.    To conclude, the attachment relationship between the parent and the child plays a significant role in the child's development and the substance abuse of a parent may cause attachment disturbances to the child. Therefore, the child perspective in a substance abusing family should not be belittled as the children are habitually suffering severe harm that may affect them throughout their lifespan.
Guess how much I love you
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
The mirror = [Zerkalo]
When Leda's daughters leave home to be with their father, she decides to take a trip to a small coastal town in Italy, but soon after she arrives memories from her unsettled past come back to haunt her.
This is paradise
Families : applications of social learning to family life
Parental behavior and sources of information in different social groups
Melkein julkkis : untitled: the extended cut : 2 disc bootleg cut
Come on, Daisy!
Her mother's hope
Perfect daughter
Batman and son
August : Osage County
Tracing Iris : a novel
Her father's sins
Her daughter's dream
Autism : a practical guide to improving your child's quality of life
I hid my voice
The child and his family
School for dads
The mountain can wait
Saving Phoebe Murrow
Parents in modern America : a sociological analysis
Real mermaids don't hold their breath
No matter what
How to look for a lost dog
Spoiled brats : short stories
The child, the family, and the outside world
The continuum concept
The buried giant
Calmer, easier, happier boys
The OMG blog
Shaping childhood : themes of uncertainty in the history of adult-child relationships
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
Childhood and youth : a universal odyssey
Inter-twin and parent-twin relationships and mental health : a study of twins from adolescence to young adulthood
Parenting young athletes : developing champions in sports and life
Yhteenveto (Summary)
Toxic parents : overcoming their hurtful legacy and reclaiming your life
Mummy's little monster
The wild truth : the secrets that drove Chris McCandless into the wild
Like father, like son? : 12 stories about boys and their dads
Patterns of adult-child communication in a problem-solving task
I love you more and more
The 5 love languages of children
Post-natal depression : psychology, science and the transition to motherhood
The lovely bones : a novel
My dad used to be so cool
Contemporary fiction. Della Hopkins has led a charmed life. Raised in rural New Hampshire by her widowed father Andrew, she now has a young daughter, a handsome fiancé, and her own search and rescue bloodhound. But as she plans her wedding, she is plagued by flashbacks of a life she can't recall.
A follow-up study of children's communicative development:associations to social-emotional and behavioural problems and competences and experienced maternal stress
Be frank with me
I want my mum!
Daylight saving
The relation of parental authority to children's behavior and attitudes
The summer wind
Father loss : daughters discuss the man that got away
The first child and family formation
The stepchild
Nag club
The harmful effects of parental substance abuse on children
The wooden chair
The art of loving
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
The summer we fell apart : a novel
The awakened family : a revolution in parenting
The role of parents' and teachers' child-related competence beliefs in the development of students' self-concept of ability
Blood brothers
I'd know you anywhere, my love
Mother-image perception in normal and disturbed boys of Western and Oriental background at differing personality levels
Caring for young children : an analysis of educational and social services
CHILD & DEVELOPMENTAL PSYCHOLOGY. Oprah called Dr. Shefali Tsabary's first book "the most profound book on parenting I've ever encountered," and immediately helped make it a "New York Times" bestseller in 2014. Now, Dr. Shefali offers readers a radically transformative plan that shows parents how to raise children to be their best, truest selves. All parents have aspirations for their children. But often these turn into crushing expectations that cause real harm and disillusionment at the most important time in a child's development. Parenting should not be a competition with winners and losers. Parents need to recognize their children for who they actually are, and in her groundbreaking new book, Dr. Shefali Tsabary challenges the modern myths of parenting that define how a child is "supposed to be."
Terms of endearment : a novel : with a new preface
My dad's the best!
Parental involvement and children ́s academic skills
The nix
The desert rose
Life among the giants
Days of awe : a novel
Nora Webster : a novel
Life on the refrigerator door : A novel in notes
DEC recommended practices : indicators of quality in programs for infants and young children with special needs and their families
Readings in the psychology of parent-child relations
Parent-child interaction and youth rebellion
Calmer, easier, happier parenting
The dynamics of parent-child relationships
Parents' causal attributions concerning their children's academic achievement
Reclusive literary legend M. M. 'Mimi' Banning has been holed up in her Bel Air mansion for years. But after falling prey to a Bernie Madoff-style ponzi scheme, she's flat broke. Now Mimi must write a new book for the first time in decades, and to ensure the timely delivery of her manuscript, her New York publisher sends an assistant to monitor her progress. The prickly Mimi reluctantly complies, with a few stipulations: No Ivy-Leaguers or English majors. Must drive, cook, tidy. Computer whiz. Good with kids. Quiet, discreet, sane. When Alice Whitley arrives at the Banning mansion, she's put to work right away-as a full-time companion to Frank, the writer's eccentric nine-year-old, a boy with the wit of Noel Coward, the wardrobe of a 1930s movie star, and very little in common with his fellow fourth-graders.
The fighter : a novel
The problem family
I heart my little a-holes : a bunch of holy-crap moments no one ever told you about parenting
The princess diaries
The almost moon : a novel
The Harmful Effects of Parental Substance Abuse on Children
Speedpost : letters to my children about living, loving, caring and coping with the world
