http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2264 accommodation
accommodation
Strategic marketing plan for a hotel
Tourism supply chain management
On August 20, 2012 the Philippines became the 30th country to ratify Maritime Labour Convention 2006 published by the International Labour Organization. The International Labour Organization known as ILO is a sub-organization of the United Nations. The ILO is also the only tripartite U.N. agency with governments employers and worker representatives. Maritime Labour Convention 2006 shortened as "MLC" is a document which sets new standards for living and working on ships. The MLC includes 5 titles and the most relevant to this thesis is the 3rd, which contains rules and regulations for accommodation spaces and recreational facilities of a ship. Deltamarin Company wanted to report on the influence of the MLC 2006 on ship design in one document. One part of the work was to collect necessary data into one check list, which project engineers could use when verifying their designs. This check list should be helpful assistance when the design constantly changes. Another task was to verify that the latest bulk carrier design of the company is consistent with these rules and regulations. Some deflections were found but these modifications were requested by the owner, who had decided that the design must not fully meet the MLC in every area. The third part of the work was to create a completely new cargo ship deckhouse design and use the check list to verify that the design meets the MLC.
Start and run a profitable bed and breakfast
Human resource management for the hospitality and tourism industries
Lonely Planet's best ever travel tips : get the best travel secrets & advice from the experts
Buildings for hospitality : principles of care and design for accomodation managers
Focus on the Customer : Customer relationship management at BEST WESTERN Hotel Kokkola
Accommodation statistics
Esteetön Helsinki : liikkumisesteisen opas = Det tillgängliga Helsingfors : guide för funktionshindrade = Accessible Helsinki : guide for disabled people
French bed & breakfast
Environmental sustainability in North European hotel business
Marketing in travel and tourism
Italy : Special Places to Stay
The use of travellers' needs in British accommodation advertisements
The rough guide to the best places to stay in Britain on a budget
The business of tourism
Bed & breakfast in France 2009
The riads of Marrakech
Please your guests : a business guide for small hotels, B&Bs, guesthouses & farmhouses
Tourism and hospitality marketing : a global perspective
The family business in tourism and hospitality
The best bed & breakfast  :  the finest bed & breakfast accommodations in the British isles from the Scottish Hebrides to London's Belgravia : country houses, town houses, city apartments, manor houses, village cottages, farmhouses, castles
Strategic Marketing Analysis and Planning for Gloria Palace San Agustin Thalasso and Hotel in Spain
"He is a living testimony of HOSPITALITY" : positive references and evaluative conventions on Couchsurfing.org
FIU hospitality review
Tourism management : an introduction
The sage handbook of tourism studies
Foundations of lodging management
CouchSurfing - a choice for travellers
Relationship between perceived organizational support and willingness to pursue a career in the hospitality industry
The compleat Ankh-Morpork
Once in a lifetime : travel and leisure redefined
Ask Arthur Frommer : and trave better, cheaper, smarter
The influence of the accomodation sector on tourism development and its sustainability : case study: Strand Camping, Larsmo
Financial management for hospitality decision makers
Food and beverage management
This book offers advice to those wishing to pursue a career in this industry who want a clear guide to working in the industry. Tips on where to look for work, skills and qualities needed for the industry and case studies of people in the industry can help students decide if this is the career for them and how to start training.
THE USE OF REVENUE MANAGMENT IN HOTEL ACCOMMODATION INDUSTRY IN EASTERN FINLAND
CouchSurfers' motivations to host travelers in Spain
Tourism management : managing for change
How to open and operate a bed & breakfast
Exploring the possibility of creating a business relationship with the case organisation Jolly Dragon and hostels in Helsinki
Quality of service provision for refugees : a case study of Oru refugee camp, Nigeria
Scandinavian journal of hospitality and tourism
SOFTWARE IN TOURISM INDUSTRY : A Study On Emerging New Niches Of Software In Hotel Industry
Analysis of Dream Hostel Tampere website : with Experience Pyramid
Matkailutilasto 1999 = Tourism statistics
Current issues in international tourism development
Marketing hospitality
Wanha Witonen : melontareitti = Canoeing route = Paddelroute
There are original facilities or accommodations to stay in vacation in each country. Japanese stay at ryokan, Finnish stay at cottage. The purpose of this study was to explore background, similarities and differences between ryokan and Finnish cottage and to consider the possibility to open ryokan in Finland or Finnish cottage in Japan. The data was collected from a survey of 66 members (Japanese, Finnish and international people) and qualitative data. The qualitative data consists of interviews, observation in accommodations, and literature. The data was analyzed using respondents' answers, opinions from survey and interviews, and observation in qualitative data. The majority of respondents stated that they do not have experience in staying at ryokan or Finnish cottage because they did not have a chance to visit there during the short stays in the country, and also because of the poor advertising. On one hand, they are interested in different culture and new things, but on the other hand, they keep their own culture or customs. The findings indicate that it is hard to bring identical things as-is in each other's country because of difference of background and land in countries. However, it is possible to bring them by assimilating and fitting both cultures to take into account different particularities of the countries. Key words: Leisure, hospitality, different culture, accommodation, Finnish cottage, ryokan (traditional Japanese accommodation)
The lifeblood of the village of Ivy Hill is its coaching inn, The Bell. When the innkeeper dies suddenly, his genteel wife, Jane, becomes the reluctant owner. With a large loan due, can Jane and her resentful mother-in-law, Thora, find a way to save the inn—and discover fresh hope for the future?
The influences of housekeeping on the image and marketing of a hotel
Accommodation management : a systems approach
Cultural diversity in hospitality management  : how to improve cultural diversity workforce
Fodor's bed & breakfast guide
CultureShock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Munich
The rough guide to Europe on a budget
Business travel
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
International hospitality management : concepts and cases
Exploring the hospitality industry
The Perception of employee wellness in the hospitality industry : a survay research among hotel employers in the Black Forest, Germany
The Economic impact of tourism in Eastern Uusimaa region of Finland 2009
The definitivine Irish bed & breakfast guide : Ireland 2007
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Proceedings of the 2011 Conference on Social Media in Hospitality and Tourism / conference co-chairs and proceedings editors: Crotts, J., Magnini, V., and Zehrer, A.
Developing a European Youth Hostel Concept  : Case: May Hostel, Ho Chi Minh City
Abstract: Grey Economy in Accommodation and Nutrition Industry.
Suomen majoitusliikkeet 2001 = Accommodation in Finland = Übernachtung in Finnland
Strategic concepts for assessing the potential of hospitality-related higher education in Uganda
Insider' guide to Williamsburg and Virginia's historic triangle
The objective of this thesis was to examine the thoughts and prejudices CouchSurfing evoke in people who had not previously heard of CouchSurfing. Additionally, the views expressed by people who had previously heard about the phenomenon were also studied. The aim was also to determine how these prejudices affected the behaviour of people. The purpose was to understand different aspects and give a more comprehensive picture of CouchSurfing through this thesis. The theoretical framework of the thesis was mainly based on the official CouchSurfing web pages but also various other Internet pages, as well as articles and literature on the topic. The study was conducted by means of a questionnaire sent by e-mail, i.e. distributed to people via Facebook, students of HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences and CouchSurfing members. The research methodology employed was quantitative. The questionnaire results were collected during the period of 28.10-12.11.2011. Altogether there were 407 answers; 52 from the people who heard about CouchSurfing for the first time and 355 from individuals who were aware of it or already members. The results indicated that the prejudices some people had beforehand changed even considerably however, of course there were also people who maintained their opinion. Mainly the biggest doubt concerned safety issues and trusting people. However, once people got to know the social network better they realized that there are several safety measures taken. Naturally, using common sense was also required. Various people were not aware of CouchSurfing beforehand, but the questionnaire seemed to evoke the curiosity and interest of some participants. In conclusion, the research questions set in the beginning were answered. There most likely will be more interest towards the project in the future. The most useful approach could be sharing personal experiences with people who showed interest towards CouchSurfing. By combining the information from the web site with shared experiences the knowledge would become more comprehensive.
Food and beverage service
Challenges affecting the tourism industry in Pakistan : case study: Faisalabad Serena Hotel
Go slow France
Bed & breakfast France
Perspectives of Expanding Business into Russia
Human factors in the built environment
The innkeeper of Ivy Hill
Sustainable tourism in the English Lake District
Marketing of accommodation services : case: Hotel Azam in Cameroon
Marketing of hospitality services
Tourism : the business of travel
Sustainability in the hospitality industry : principles of sustainable operations
Suomen majoitusliikkeet 2003 = Accommodation in Finland 2003 = Übernachtung in Finnland 2003
The Greenwood guide to South Africa and Namibia : hand-picked accommodation : including Phophonyane Lodge in Swaziland and Maleala Lodge in Lesotho
The nature reserve Lüneburg Heath : a guide for nature lovers
Tourism : The Business of hospitality and travel
French vineyards : bed and breakfasts, châteaux and gîtes on wine-producing estates
Hospitality marketing management
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Travel distribution Russia report : including an overview of the CEE region
Timpson's English country inns
Journal of hospitality & leisure marketing
CouchSurfing : a choice for travellers
Hospitality marketing : principles and practice
Accomodation services
The origins of hospitality and tourism
How to found a hostel in Fuengirola, Spain
Improving cruise ship crew cabin design
Hospitality & events management
The Perception of Employee Wellness in the Hospitality Industry : A survey research among hotel employers in the Black Forest, Germany
Backpacking Tourism in Tampere
Service quality at Welcome Apartments
Presents tantalizing new possibilities for exploring and relaxing that redefine the idea of luxury travel. Includes enchanting tree house hotels, incredible eco-friendly resorts, farms, simple hotels and glamping sites in spectacular scenery, as well as glamorous houses, trains, and boats.
Planning and developing a tourism service : case: Accommodation for business tourists
Easy access Britain : Official tourist board guide
Suomen majoitusliikkeet 2002 = Accomodation in Finland 2002 = Übernachtung in Finnland 2002.. 2002
The economics of tourism
Dynamic pricing agreements of Norwegian hotels from the corporate accounts perspective
Tourism SMEs, service quality, and destination competitiveness
Hospitality and catering : a closer look
Tourism and recreation handbook of planning and design
DEMAND FLUCTUATION IN OFF SEASON : Case Study of Summit Hotel, Lalitpur, Nepal
Morocco : dream destinations straight from 1001 Arabian nights
How to open a financially successful bed & breakfast or small hotel; with companion CD-ROM
Marketing of Accommodation services : Case-Hotel Azam Cameroon
Ryokan vs finnish cottage : case study of traditional Japanese accommondation and finnish cottage accommondation
A clear understanding of the issues surrounding climate change, global warming, air and water pollution, ozone depletion, deforestation, the loss of biodiversity and global poverty is essential for every manager in the hospitality industry. Present and future hospitality executives need to know how sustainable management systems can be integrated into their businesses while maintaining and hopefully improving the bottom line. "Sustainability in the Hospitality Industry" explores innovative ways to tackle the ever increasing costs of energy and water as well as the moral, ethical, social and political arguments for taking action. This book uses case studies throughout to explore the following key issues: How can hospitality properties and equipment be designed to use less resources? What are the benefits of using more sustainable food and beverage sources? How can environmental impacts be reduced and profitability increased? How can properties integrate sustainability management systems and stay one step ahead of the competition? How can the reputation of a hospitality operation be improved to attract investment by incorporating responsible marketing and corporate social responsibility policies? "Sustainability in the Hospitality Industry" contains stimulating new ideas, solutions, and strategies essential to every student and professional in the hospitality industry. Philip Sloan is from the department of Hospitality Management, International University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef, Bonn, Germany. Willy Legrand is from the Department of Hospitality Management, International University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef, Bonn, Germany. Joseph S. Chen is from the department of Recreation, Park and Tourism Studies, Indiana University, Bloomington, USA. It includes: revealing and refreshing ideas for the neglected area of sustainability in hospitality management; presents viable strategies for saving energy and promoting a positive image for hotel managers, restaurant managers and other hospitality providers; demonstrates principles with case studies from industry and chain hotels; and, stimulates new solutions and strategies to tackle the problem of increasing energy costs and to help alleviate pressure from environmental groups.
Presents unique and exceptional travel lodgings--including hotels, resorts, farms, houses, trains and boats--in just-as-unique destinations around the world.
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
Implications of maritime labour convention 2006 on cargo ship accommodation spaces
