http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22655 hadith
hadith
But if you desire God and his messenger : the concept of choice in Sahih al-Bukhari
Sahih Al-Bukhari : being the tradition of saying and doings of the Prophet Muhammad as narrated by his companions. Vol. 7
The translation of the meanings of Şahīh al Bukhārī : Arabic - English
Gardens of the righteous = Riyadh as-Salihin of Imam Nawawi
Sahih Al-Bukhari : being the tradition of saying and doings of the Prophet Muhammad as narrated by his companions. Vol. 3
Nahjul Balagha : Peak of eloquence : sermons, letters, and sayings of Imam Ali ibn Abu Talib
Selection from Hadith
Nonviolence and peace building in Islam : theory and practice
The dream in Islam : from Qur'anic tradition to Jihadist inspiration
Sahih Al-Bukhari : being the tradition of saying and doings of the Prophet Muhammad as narrated by his companions. Vol. 1
Selections from the Ṣaḥīḥ of al-Buḫārī
Forty Hadīth : an exposition of ethical and mystical traditions. Part 1
A bundle of flowers : from the garden of traditions of the Prophet & Ahlul-Bayt
The veil and the male elite : a feminist interpretation of women's rights in Islam
Female personalities in the Qur'an and Sunna : examining the major sources of Imami Shi'i Islam
"This book investigates the manner in which the Qur®an and sunna depict female personalities in their narrative literature. Providing a comprehensive study of all the female personalities mentioned in the Qur®an, the book is selective in the personalities of the sunna, examining the three prominent women of Ahl al-Bayt; Khadija, Fatima, and Zaynab. Analysing the major sources of Imami Shi°i Islam, including the exegetical compilations of the eminent Shi°i religious authorities of the classical and modern periods, as well as the authoritative books of Shi°i traditions, this book finds that the varieties of female personalities are portrayed as human beings on different stages of the spiritual spectrum. They display feminine qualities, which are often viewed positively and are sometimes commendable traits for men, at least as far as the spiritual domain is concerned. The theory, particularly regarding women's humanity, is then tested against the depiction of womanhood in the hadith literature, with special emphasis on Nahj al-Balagha. Contributing a fresh perspective on classical materials, this book will be of interest to students and scholars of Islamic Studies, Women's Studies and Shi°i Studies"--
Medieval Andalusian courtly culture in the Mediterranean : Ḥadīth Bayād wa-Riyād
Sahih Al-Bukhari : being the tradition of saying and doings of the Prophet Muhammad as narrated by his companions. Vol. 9
Back to the roots, the origins and the beginning : reflections on revival (tajdīd) in Islamic discourse
Ṣaḥīḥ Muslim : being traditions of the sayings and doings of the Prophet Muhammad as narrated by his companions and compiled under the title Al-jāmi'-uṣ-ṣaḥīḥ : with explanatory notes and brief bibliographical sketches of major narrators. Vol 1
Analysing Muslim traditions : studies in legal, exegetical and Maghāzī Ḥadīth
Early Muslim dogma : a source-critical study
The Hadith : Vol. 1: Codification, authenticity
Forty Hadīth about Ahlul-Bait
The promised Mahdī : the celestial axis of the world of existence and the universal rule of the noble Imam (AS) : collection of traditions mainly from volume 23 of Allāma Majlisī's Biḥār al-anwār
Ṣaḥīḥ Muslim : being traditions of the sayings and doings of the Prophet Muhammad as narrated by his companions and compiled under the title Al-jāmi'-uṣ-ṣaḥīḥ : with explanatory notes and brief bibliographical sketches of major narrators. Vol 3
Moral teachings of Islam : prophetic traditions from al-Adab al-mufrad
A manual of Hadith
The Hadīth : Vol. 4: Narrative, context, and content
The 200 Hadith : 200 sayings and doings of the Prophet Muhammad (may peace be upon him)
Classical islam : a sourcebook of religious literature
Studies in Qur'an and Hadīth : the formation of the Islamic law of inheritance
Ḥadīth : origins and developments
Ṣaḥīḥ Muslim : being traditions of the sayings and doings of the Prophet Muhammad as narrated by his companions and compiled under the title Al-jāmi'-uṣ-ṣaḥīḥ : with explanatory notes and brief bibliographical sketches of major narrators. Vol 2
A textbook of Hadith studies : authenticity, compilation, classification and criticism of Hadith
Ṣaḥīḥ Muslim : being traditions of the sayings and doings of the Prophet Muhammad as narrated by his companions and compiled under the title Al-jāmi'-uṣ-ṣaḥīḥ : with explanatory notes and brief bibliographical sketches of major narrators. Vol 4
But if you desire God and his messenger : the concept of choice in Ṣaḥīḥ al-Bukhārī
Early Islam between myth and history : Al-Ḥasan al-Baṣrī (d. 110H/728CE) and the formation of his legacy in classical Islamic scholarship
Sahih Al-Bukhari : being the tradition of saying and doings of the Prophet Muhammad as narrated by his companions. Vol. 6
Sahih Al-Bukhari : being the tradition of saying and doings of the Prophet Muhammad as narrated by his companions. Vol. 8
Sahih Al-Bukhari : being the tradition of saying and doings of the Prophet Muhammad as narrated by his companions. Vol. 2
The Hadīth : Vol. 3: Scholarship, perspectives, and criticism
Forty Hadith Qudsi
Divine word and prophetic word in early Islam : a reconsideration of the sources, with special references to the Divine Saying or Hadîth Qudsî
Ḥadīth as scripture : discussions on the authority of prophetic traditions in Islam
Hadith : Muhammad's legacy in the medieval and modern world
The Prophet's tradition or modernity of the state : the case of Turkish hadith project
Muslim tradition : studies in chronology, provenance and authorship of early hadith
Encyclopedia of canonical ḥadīth
No, said the Prophet : socio-rhetorical analysis of a hadīth
The formative period of Twelver Shīʻism : ḥadīth as discourse between Qum and Baghdad
Sunan nasã'ī : (English translation with Arabic text). Vol. 1, Containing chapters: 1-532; Ahãdith 1-878
The legacy of Islamic antisemitism : from sacred texts to solemn history
The Hadīth : Vol. 2: Isnāds: transmission, terminology, and the issue of dating
Sunan nasã'ī : (English translation with Arabic text). Vol. 2, Containing chapters: 533-1147; Ahãdith 879-2093
The canonization of al-Bukhārī and Muslim : the formation and function of the Sunnī ḥadīth canon
Introduction to Ḥadīth
Analysing Muslim traditions : studies in legal, exegetical and Maghazi hadith
Divine sayings = Mishkāt al-anwār : 101 Ḥadīth Qudsī
One hundred virtues of ʻAlī Ibn Abī-T̄ālib and his sons, the Imams
Sahih Al-Bukhari : being the tradition of saying and doings of the Prophet Muhammad as narrated by his companions. Vol. 4
Rethinking tradition in modern Islamic thought
Studies on the origins and uses of Islamic Ḥadīth
An introduction to the Ḥadīth
And God knows the soldiers : the authoritative and authoritarian in Islamic discourses
The development of early Sunnite hadith criticism : the Taqdima of Ibn Abī Ḥātim al-Rāzī (240/854-327/938)
The Golden chain tradition (Ḥadīth silsilat al-dhahab) from the Sunnī point of view
Sahih Al-Bukhari : being the tradition of saying and doings of the Prophet Muhammad as narrated by his companions. Vol. 5
