http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22689 coconut
coconut
The coconut flour gourmet : 150 delicious gluten-free coconut flour recipes
Effect of packaging materials (transparent and opaque) on physical, chemical and sensory attributes of coconut water during storage were evaluated. Changes in protein content, pH, titratable acidity, turbidity and sensory quality of fresh coconut water in amber (opaque) and transparent bottles and commercially bottled coconut water during 4-day storage under refrigeration (4 degrees C) were assessed. Effect of product packaging was significant (p<=0.05) on pH, turbidity, aroma and taste, but was not significant on protein and titratable acidity. The pH was distinctly higher in commercially bottled coconut water than in fresh samples in amber (opaque) and transparent bottles. Total acidity and turbidity values were lower in commercially bottled coconut water than in fresh coconut water samples. Appearance and aroma scores declined during storage. Commercially bottled coconut water showed higher sensory scores for taste. Storage time within 4 days showed no significant difference on sensory parameters.
The coir processing industry in the Kurunegala district of Sri Lanka : an examination of its mode of development
Coconut, tree of life
World oilseeds : chemistry, technology, and utilization
Vegetable oils in food technology : composition, properties and uses
Coconut oil : nature's perfect ingredient : over 100 recipes including healthy dishes and baked treats to nurture your body and beauty ideas to feed your skin
Is it possible to have great tasting gluten-free foods? Yes, with the secret of coconut flour. Coconut flour is made from dried coconut that has been ground into a powder. It looks and feels just like any other flour, but unlike wheat flour, it is completely gluten-free. It is an excellent source of vitamins and minerals and contains about the same amount of protein as whole wheat. It is a good source of calorie-free dietary fibre that is so important for good digestive health. The best part is that it tastes fantastic! Using the basic yeast dough recipe described in this book, you will be able to make gluten-free yeast breads that will remind you of your mothers home-made baked bread. Yet these recipes are easier and quicker to make. With coconut flour and a few other key ingredients, you can make gourmet dinner rolls, sandwich bread, pizza crust, calzones, hamburger and hot dog buns, breadsticks, scones, tortillas, and a variety of artisan breads. The recipes in this book are designed to appeal to a wide range of tastes. For breakfast you will find a variety of sweet and savoury muffins, pancakes, and waffles.
Replanting the tree of life : towards an international agenda for coconut palm research
Alleviation of poverty? : effects of structural adjustment : the case of the Philippine coconut industry
The coconut palm
Effect of packaging on physical, chemical and sensory attributes of coconut water during storage
Good practice for the small-scale production of bottled coconut water
Bast and other plant fibres
The goodness of Coconut : 40 recipes using natures miracle ingredients
Pastures and cattle under coconuts
Is that a coconut? Yuck!
Coconut 24/7 : easy ways to look and feel better
Coconut oil : recipes for real life : over 100 recipes to share with friends and family, using nature's perfect ingredients
Folkartist Balbina Norita Kintaro's Carolinian coconut palm frond weaving projects
