http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22654 low-cost flights
low-cost flights
Trends and issues in global tourism 2007 : with 40 figures and 40 tables
Airlines of the Jet Age : a history
Cleared for take-off : structure and strategy in the low fare airline business
Aviation industry in Northern Europe : the role of low-cost competition
A Research on Service Marketing of Spring Airlines
The features of a successful airline company : case study: Southwest Airlines
The airline revolution : economic analysis of airline performance and public policy
Handbook of low cost airlines : strategies, business processes and market environment
This Bachelor thesis will examine the features of Southwest Airlines. The primary aims of the study are to explain what features have made Southwest Airlines market leader within the U.S airline industry as well as what features affects on company's impeccable profitability.    The thesis contains a literature part, where Southwest Airlines' organizational structure, leadership methods, organizational culture, and its features to profitability are recognized and discussed. The other part of the thesis will introduce a strategic analysis of Southwest Airlines aiming to recognize and suggest the most suitable strategic direction for the future. The study was based on academic, peer-reviewed literature which primarily concentrates on Southwest Airlines and its strategic decisions in the past. The strategic analysis was based on the strategic management theory, which conducts a comprehensive strategic analysis, analyzing company's external and internal business environment carefully, and providing a suggestions for the future strategies. The study doesn't compare Southwest Airlines operations to other companies, rather it aims to focus only on Southwest's strategic operational decisions, leadership methods and its operations. Literature analysis has shown that simplicity is the keyword in Southwest Airlines operations and leadership styles. Unique leadership style, and a loose-tight managed organizational structure without solid hierarchical levels have created a flourishing and employee friendly organizational culture, which can be considered to be Southwest Airlines most valuable asset. Simplified operations with unique organizational culture make the company possible to provide high-quality service with low ticket fees, which is unheard among the low-cost flight providers. In addition, strategic analysis concludes that Southwest Airlines strong market position, brand image, strong management and employee commitment; and healthy financial position provides a great starting point for international operations. Therefore Southwest Airlines should in future consider route expansion to international areas, in order to maintain and develop their strong market position and successful financial performance.
Development of low-cost carriers in Asia and the Pacific : UNWTO special report on mega-trends in Asia and the Pacific tourism
Ryanair : the full story of the controversial low-cost airline
