http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p226 offences against freedom of worship
offences against freedom of worship
The sacred orders of Finnish political discourse on the revision of the blasphemy law
Social conflict and sacrificial rhetoric : Luther's discursive intervention and the religious division of labor
Moral pluralism and legal neutrality
How do bureaucracies deal with supernatural crimes? : government and anti-witchcraft activities in Ghana
Blasphemy : verbal offense against the sacred, from Moses to Salman Rushdie
Cult and ritual abuse : its history, anthropology, and recent discovery in contemporary America
Determined to overreach his humanity and assert his untrammelled individual will, Raskolnikov, an impoverished student living in the St. Petersburg of the Tsars, commits an act of murder and theft and sets into motion a story which, for its excrutiating suspense, its atmospheric vividness, and its profundity of characterization and vision, is almost unequaled in the literatures of the world. The best known of Dostoevsky's masterpieces, Crime and Punishment can bear any amount of rereading without losing a drop of its power over our imagination.
This is the gripping story of the American army chaplain sent to save the souls of the Nazis incarcerated at Nuremberg. Lutheran minister Henry Gerecke was fifty years old when he enlisted as an army chaplain during World War II. As two of his three sons faced danger and death on the battlefield, he tended to the battered bodies and souls of wounded and dying GIs outside London. But at the close of the European theater, with Hitler defeated and scores of American troops returning home to resume their lives, he received his most challenging assignment: he was sent to Nuremberg to minister to the twenty-one imprisoned Nazi leaders awaiting trial for crimes against humanity. This work unearths groundbreaking new research and compelling firsthand accounts to take us deep inside the Nuremberg Palace of Justice, into the very cells of the accused and the courtroom where they answered to the world for their crimes. Never before in modern history had man accomplished mass slaughter with such precision. These twenty-one Nazis had sat at the right hand of Adolf Hitler; Hermann Goering, Albert Speer, Wilhelm Keitel, Hans Frank, and Ernst Kaltenbrunner were the orchestrators, and in some cases the direct perpetrators, of the most methodical genocide in history. As the drama leading to the court's final judgments unfolds, the author brings Henry Gerecke's impossible moral quandary to life: How, having risked his own life (and those of his sons) to eliminate the Nazi threat, could he now win the confidence of these men? In the months after the war ended, Gerecke had visited Dachau. He had touched the walls of the camp's crematorium. He had seen the consequences of the choices these men had made, the orders they had given and carried out. As he worked to form compassionate relationships with them, how could he preach the gospel of mercy, knowing full well the devastating nature of the atrocities they had committed? And as the day came nearer when he had to escort these men to the gallows, what comfort could he offer and what promises of salvation could he make "to evil itself" Detailed, harrowing, and emotionally charged, this is an incisive history of the Nuremberg trials as well as a nuanced reflection on the nature of morality and sin, the price of empathy, and the limits of forgiveness.
Racism and xenophobia in the EU member states : trends, developments and good practice : EUMC - annual report 2003/2004, part 2
Is critique secular? : blasphemy, injury, and free speech
Sacrifices, burial gifts and buried treasures : function and material
The name of the rose
Understanding violence : morality, religion, and violence intertwined: a philosophical stance
Handbook of the sociology of morality
"This book contains the contributions made to the conference 'Religion and Criminal Law, ' organized by the European Consortium for Church and State Research in 2008. The contributions represent national reports which deal with the topic in nearly all EU member states; each is written by a national expert. The book also contains an analysis of the status of religion in criminal law on a regional basis separately for Northern Europe, Western Europe, Southern Europe and the 'new' EU states. The overall analysis was written by Professor Matti Koranta of the University of Eastern Finland." --Publisher's description.
Kant's anatomy of evil
The annual report on the situation regarding racism and xenophobia in the member states of the EU : EUMC 2006
This article examines how Finnish politicians constructed the legal protection of religion and the relationship between religion and society during the process of revising the blasphemy and religious insult sections of the Finnish criminal code in the late 1990s. In doing so, it analyzes their discourses on religion and the sacred.
Mission at Nuremberg : an American army chaplain and the trial of the Nazis
Half the sky : how to change the world
The massacre in history
Religious pluralism and human rights in Europe : where to draw the line?
Executive summary (s. 9-24).
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
The Da Vinci code
Extreme speech and democracy
Crime and punishment
Terrorism : A very short introduction
Red state
Mystery of the Abbey
Religious offences in India
The sacred and the sovereign : religion and international politics
The beautiful mystery
The origins of reasonable doubt : theological roots of the criminal trial
My Name Is Red
Religion and criminal law = Religion et droit pénal
