http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2266 fishing tackle
fishing tackle
Fishing with traps and pots
Report of the Expert Consultation on Interactions between Sea Turtles and Fisheries within an Ecosystem Context, Rome, 9-12 March 2004.
Making wooden fishing lures = carving and painting techniques that really catch fish
Ohotnič'e-ryboloveckoe snarâženie naroda komi v fondah Nacional'nogo muzeâ Respubliki Komi : katalog = Komi Respublikasa Nacional'nöj muzej čukörtödyn komi vojtyrlön vöralan da čeri kyân köluj = Hunting and fishing equipment of the Komi people in the collections of the National Museum of the Komi Republic
Report of the Technical Consultation on Sea Turtles Conservation and Fisheries : Bangkok, Thailand, 29 November-2 December 2004.
The century guide to knots : for sailing, fishing, camping, climbing
An anthropological analysis of food-getting technology
The Wise fishermen's encyclopedia : an encyclopedic handbook for fishermen covering the game fish of the world and how to catch them
Requirements for fishing boats and vessels : navigation, safety and hygiene
Nuussuarmiut : hunting families on the big headland : demography, subsistence and material culture in Nuussuaq, Upernavik, Northwest Greenland
Ice fishing : the ultimate guide
Fish behaviour in exploited ecosystems : the Second ICES Symposium on Fish Behaviour held in Bergen, Norway 23-26 June 2003
Mending of fishing nets
Report of the expert consultation on the development of a comprehensive global record of fishing vessels : Rome, 25-28 February 2008.
Traditional technology. Fishing basket traps
Trout : a true challenge
500 fly dressings
Vapaa-ajankalastus 2008 = Fritidsfiske 2008 = Recreational fishing 2008.
Complete photo guide to fly tying
Hidden dimensions : the cultural significance of wetland archaeology
Tying trout flies
Hunters, seamen, and entrepreneurs : the tuna seinermen of San Diego
Old fishing lures and tackle : An identification and value guide
Modern fishing gear of the world. 3, Fish finding purse seining aimed trawling
Classic salmon flies
Twine thickness effect on seasonal gillnet catchability of arctic charr (Salvelinus alpinus (L.))
Hamlyn Encyclopedia of Angling
Neolithic fisheries : osteoarchaeology of fish remains in the Baltic Sea Region
A harpoon head from the depths of the sea
Saltwater flies : over 700 of the best
FAO catalogue of small-scale fishing gear = Catalogue des engins de pêche artisanale = Catalogo de artes de pesca artesanal
Hairwing & tube : files for salmon
Modern fishing gear of the world. [1]
Salmon fishing in Tornedalen
Report of the Expert Consultation on Interactions between Sea Turtles and Fisheries within an Ecosystem Context, Rome, Italy, 9-12 March 2004.
Sound tool or a fisherman's tool? : an experimental approach to the mesolithic bird bone artefact from the "Antrea net find"
Abandoned, lost or otherwise discarded fishing gear
The fly tier's benchside reference : to techniques & dressing styles
Conservation of young fish by management of trawl selectivity
Popular hunting and trapping in Norrland
Lauri Rapala's dream: a glint of silver in the water
Fish aware : textile design as an environmental intervention : how textile design can be used as a medium to raise awareness of overfishing, and influence the pattern of fish consumption
Fly fishing for salmon
World fly finder : all the flies you need to fish all the waters of the world
Options to mitigate bottom habitat impact of dragged gears
Abandoned, lost or otherwise discarded fishing gear (ALDFG) is a problem that is increasingly of concern. Various United Nations General Assembly resolutions now provide a mandate for, and indeed require, action to reduce ALDFG and marine debris in general. Consequently, the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) entered into an agreement to carry out a study in relation to ALDFG in order to raise awareness of the extent of the problem and to recommend action to mitigate the problem of ALDFG by flag states, regional fisheries management bodies and organizations, and international organizations, such as UNEP, the International Maritime Organization (IMO) and FAO. This report reviews the magnitude and composition of ALDFG, and while noting that information is not comprehensive and does not allow for any global estimates, suggests that gillnets and fishing traps/pots may be the most common type of ALDFG, although netting fragments may also be common in some locations. The impacts of ALDFG are also considered and include: continued catching of target and non-target species (such as turtles, seabirds and marine mammals); alterations to the benthic environment; navigational hazards; beach debris/litter; introduction of synthetic material into the marine food web; introduction of alien species transported by ALDFG; and a variety of costs related to clean-up operations and impacts on business activities. In general, gillnets and pots/traps are most likely to "ghost fish" while other gear, such as trawls and longlines, are more likely to cause entanglement of marine organisms, including protected species, and habitat damage. The factors which cause fishing gear to be abandoned, lost or otherwise discarded are numerous and include: adverse weather; operational fishing factors including the cost of gear retrieval; gear conflicts; illegal, unregulated and unreported (IUU) fishing; vandalism/theft; and access to and cost and availability of shoreside collection facilities. Weather, operational fishing factors and gear conflicts are probably the most significant factors, but the causes of ALDFG accumulation are poorly documented and not well understood. A detailed understanding of why gear is abandoned, lost or discarded is needed when designing and tailoring effective measures to reduce ALDFG in particular locations. A variety of measures are currently in place to reduce ALDFG, and these are profiled in this report. They include those which are preventative or ex-ante, and those which are curative or ex-post. Evidence suggests that while both are important, much of the emphasis to date has been placed on curative measures such as gear retrieval programmes and clean-up of beach litter, while preventative measures may generally be more cost-effective in reducing ALDFG debris and its impacts. This report concludes with a number of recommendations for future action to reduce ALDFG debris, be it on a mandatory or voluntary basis. It also considers at what scale and which stakeholders (e.g. international organizations, national government, the private sector, research institutions) might be best placed to address the wide range of possible measures to reduce the amount of ALDFG debris.
Scientific papers presented at the Polish-Swedish Symposium on Selectivity Research in the Baltic Sea Area, Gdynia, Poland, March 23-25, 1999
The art of tying the dry fly
A Diderot pictorial encyclopedia of trades and industry. Volume one
Handcrafting a graphite fly rod
The indigenous fisherman divers of Thailand. determining the hazards associated with indigenous diving practices and developing interventions to reduce the risk of diving-related injury and disease
Modern fishing gear of the world. 2
The world's best trout flies
Scientific papers presented at the Polish-Swedish symposium on selectivity research in the Baltic Sea area, Gdynia, Poland, March 23-25, 1999
Report of the Workshop on Standardization of Selectivity Methods Applied to Trawling in the Mediterranean Sea, Sète, France, 9-11 February 2005 = Rapport de L'Atelier sur la Standardization des Méthodes de Séctivité appliquées au Chalutage en Méditerranée, Sète, France, 9-11 février 2005.
Medieval fishing tackle from Bergen and Borgland
Calculations for fishing gear designs
Catch that fish.. : the essential guide to fly fishing tactics
Indian fishing : early methods on the Northwest Coast
Fishing
Lead emissions from lost fishing sinkers
Fly tying for beginners : an introduction to tools, techniques and materials, plus instructions for tying 50 failsafe flies
The art of tying the nymph
Studies on the material culture of the Eskimo in West Greenland
A century of Danish Fishing
Fly-Tying
Ecosystem effects of fishing in the Mediterranean : an analysis of the major threats of fishing gear and practices to biodiversity and marine habits
Sārnate : living by a coastal lake during the East Baltic Neolithic
Fly-tying illustrated : salmon and sea trout patterns
The art of the trout fly
Historic fishing methods in American Samoa
Abstract.
Biomechanics of fly casting : effects of different rod types and different skill level fly fishermen
An introduction to fly tying
Flytying : Tools and materials
Fly fishing : across Russia, East Europe & Finland
Lead fishing sinkers and jigs in Canada : review of their use patterns and toxic impacts on wildlife
QIM (Quality Index Method) assessment of cod and Norway lobster caught by various fishing methods
Sea fishing : expert tips and techniques for yachtsmen, motorboaters and sea anglers
The handbook of fly tying
Two kinds of fishing implements. 1-2, The Plunge-Basket (Stülpkorb), in Africa and elsewhere ; The circular Cast-Net in Africa
Gear selection and sampling gears : proceedings of the seventh IMR-PINRO Symposium, Murmansk, 23-24 June 1997
Russian trade of Urheilu & Kalastus Pallas products
The Dorling Kindersley encyclopedia of fishing
