http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22678 versatility
versatility
Job control as a predictor of mental and cardiovascular health : a prospective multicohort study
Downtown Canada : writing Canadian cities
Cross-addressing : resistance literature and cultural borders
Enhancing crop-livestock systems in Conservation Agriculture for sustainable production intensification : a farmer discovery process going to scale in Burkina Faso
Diversification strategy : how to grow a business by diversifying successfully
Tourism in Nepal : challenges and future
Structural change in Europe's rural regions : farm livelihoods between subsistence orientation, modernisation and non-farm diversification ; [27th International Conference of Agricultural Economists (IAAE) Beijing, China, August 16. - 22, 2009 "The New Landscape of Global Agriculture"; IAAE Mini Symposium "Structural change in Europe's rural regions - Farm Livelihoods between Subsistence Orientation, Modernisation and Non-farm Diversification" ; proceedings]
Unrooted childhoods : memoirs of growing up global
Social psychology and human nature
Interfaces : women, autobiography, image, performance
On the road to Baghdad or traveling biculturalism : theorizing a bicultural approach to contemporary world fiction
The grammar of identity : transnational fiction and the nature of the boundary
The Economics of Cultural Diversity
Kazuo Ishiguro : contemporary critical perspectives
Lean but agile : rethink workforce planning and gain a true competitive edge
iPhone secrets : do what you never thought possible with your iPhone
First and other nations
Really good logos explained : top design professionals critique 500 logos & explain what makes them work
The no-cry picky eater solution : gentle ways to encourage your child to eat - and eat healthy
Product variety and the gains from international trade
The tourism industry nowadays demands more meaningful involvement and more responsible practices than in the past. Tourism with all facilities required can be easily promoted and has the possibility to grow further. If properly managed, tourism provides entrepreneurial opportunities for small operators that can foster balanced development and can support other sectors of the economy. It is also important to recognize that the travel and tourism industry is global, highly competitive and unstable. The host countries  must be able to continuously undertake  research and market intelligence, anticipate change, be prepared and not be caught off guard in the management of the industry. This study dealt with the tourism management difficulties and challenges of Nepal. Nepal is a poor developing nation that emerged from a decade of civil war. It has a lot of potential for tourism. The aim was to find out challenges that prevent Nepal from achieving full potential in tourism. The research was done addressing the key issues and recommendations are proposed at the end of this thesis. The research indicated that there have been many economical, social, political and infrastructural challenges to tackle. The continuous growth of tourism in recent years however, has shown the positive sign. It can be taken into consideration that it holds the possibility even with a lot of challenges. As the theoretical framework of the research "Tourism Marketing and Destination Management" was used. It elaborates the importance of tourism marketing and the concept of knowledge management for destinations. The theoretical background of the study helped to suggest ideas for improvement and development of tourism industry in Nepal.
