http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22614 compensation (activity)
compensation (activity)
Compensation of transmitter nonlinearities using predistortion techniques:case studies of envelope tracking amplifiers and radio-over-fibre links
Compensating catastrophe victims : a comparative law and economics approach
Methods for antenna frequency control and user effect compensation in mobile terminals
International trade disputes and EU liability
Advanced DSP for I/Q imbalance compensation in digital receivers
Targets, models and policies : a quantitative approach to raising the EU employment rate
Dealing with losers : the political economy of policy transitions
The resilience of understorey vegetation and soil to increasing nitrogen and disturbances in boreal forests and the subarctic ecosystem
Economics of carbon sequestration in forestry
Compensation models in theory and practice : effects of the credit crunch on executive compensation practices
Working conditions, compensatory strategies, and recovery
Capacitive antenna sensor for user proximity recognition
Abstract.
Improving robustness and disposability of integrated Young interferometer sensors for portable diagnostics
The Relationship between Executive Compensation, Ownership and Firm Performance
Handbook of carbon offset programs : trading systems, funds, protocols and standards
A book for gay and bisexual people on how to build happy, secure lives and relationships, and a call-to-arms for society to protect and nurture young people, regardless of their sexual orientation. Written by Matthew Todd, editor of the UK's biggest-selling gay magazine, Straight Jacket is a revolutionary guide for gay men which began life as an article in Attitude magazine.
Touchstones or stumbling blocks? : On compensation as a translation technique with wordplay in the English translations of Les aventures d'Asterix
Micromotion compensation and a neural recording and stimulation system for electrophysiological measurements
Earth fault protection of compensated rural area cabled medium voltage networks
Climate change and its warming effects on vegetation and soils are a widely recognized phenomenon. In addition to warming, the understorey vegetation in northern environments has been subjected to several environmental changes, such as increasing nitrogen (N) and other disturbances. This thesis examines the effects of N-fertilization and disturbances on the vegetation biomass and abundance, plant community composition and plant, soil and microbial N and C pools. Seedling establishment of the most common dwarf shrubs (deciduous Vaccinium myrtillus, evergreens V. vitis-idaea and Empetrum nigrum ssp. hermaphroditum) was investigated after artificial disturbance treatments (vegetation and soil removal). These studies were conducted in the boreal and subarctic ecosystems and in the forest-tundra ecotone in northern Finland. N-fertilization and disturbances enhanced the amount of graminoids in plant communities, and the recovery ability of graminoids was enhanced after N-fertilization, which homogenized the vegetation and resulted in a new stable state in the plant community. The recovery ability of evergreen dwarf shrubs was low after disturbances. Disturbances created habitats for seed germination, but the seedling establishment of dwarf shrubs studied was still limited by seed availability. N-fertilization had no effect on microbial biomass. Instead, microbial biomass decreased with disturbance treatment in the boreal forest. However, the concentration of N increased in above-ground vegetation, both after N-fertilization and disturbance without any indication of N immobilization, suggesting that plant species captured the available N effectively for their recovery. The study shows that the likely outcome of N enrichment, when combined with disturbances, is the enhanced growth of graminoids. The seedling establishment does not compensate for the reduction of the vegetativerecovery of evergreen dwarf shrubs, which makes evergreen dwarf shrubs sensitive to environmental changes. As the understorey is more resilient to perturbations in the boreal forest than in the subarctic ecosystem, these results emphasize the sensitivity of the vegetation to simultaneous environmental changes in the northernmost ecosystems. Moreover, microbial properties are more resilient to environmental changes than is above-ground vegetation.
Avoided deforestation : prospects for mitigating climate change
Understanding advanced second-language reading
The new carbon economy
Compensation of transmitter nonlinearities using predistortion techniques : case studies of envelope tracking amplifiers and radio-over-fibre links
The bioimpedance technique in respiratory- and dual-gated positron emission tomography imaging
Translations of wordplay in Asterix in Britain : how humour in comics is translated from French into English
CEO compensation : a case study
Equality of opportunity : the economics of responsibility
Straight jacket : how to be gay and happy
