http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22610 online games
online games
Abstract: Supporting Young People's Life Management with Game Technology.
Fun Inc. : why games are the twenty-first century's most serious business
With the fast development of information technology, online games are becoming increasingly mainstream form of entertainment. This thesis is an exploratory study on Chinese online game consumer behaviour trying to understand their behaviour and make out what they need, how they are satisfied and what factors affect their choice. This thesis is sponsored by Baidu Inc. which is the largest online game company in China. The thesis will focus on the following problems: - How do consumers in general make purchase decisions? - How do consumers make online game purchase decisions in China? - What can be concluded on the basis of these findings from the online game company ́s view? This research uses survey to collect information from the online game consumers to find out the decision making process and the factors that affect this process. In the theoretical part of this thesis, the five-stage model, presented as need recognition, searching for information, alternative evaluation, purchase and outcomes, is used as a conceptual framework to analyze the purchase decision making process of consumers in general. It describes the process that how a consumer makes his/her purchase decision. This process is influenced by external and internal factors. Those factors have strong impact on the decision making process. Those factors are considered together with the process. In the empirical part of this thesis, the information collected from the internet survey will be analyzed using the conceptual framework derived from the theoretical part. Online game players recognize need that can't be satisfied in the real world while can be easily fulfilled in online games. They search for game information from internal and external sources. As searching for game information, players evaluate possible alternatives. The purchase occurs after the player makes purchase decision. The evaluation will go on after the purchase. Based on the evaluation after the purchase, the purchase outcome may be satisfaction or dissatisfaction. External and internal factors have strong impact on this process. Finally, a conclusion will be drawn on the basis of the former discussion. It shows that the Chinese online game consumer purchase decision making process generally follows the five-stage model. This process is influenced by internal and external factors. Suggestions are given to Baidu Inc.. Ideas for further studies are presented.
Gambling online
The Elementia chronicles. Book 3, part 1, Dusk of hope : an unofficial Minecraft-fan adventure
Routing in optical wide-area networks
Immersion revisited : a review of existing definitions of immersion and their relation to different theories of presence
Building a massively multiplayer online roleplaying
Eve : the burning life
Hacks for Minecrafters : redstone : the unofficial guide to tips and tricks that other guides won't teach you
SuperBetter : a revolutionary approach to getting stronger, happier, braver, and more resilient*
Health determinants related to digital game playing : a systematic review
It's certainly fun to build games that run on your iPhone and iPad. But, wouldn't it be more fun to create games that allow you to play with other gamers in your social network? There's a whole lot more things you can do. Most of the top best selling games around the world, like World of Warcraft, let you play with others online and share your experiences with your friends. Beginning iOS Social Games is your concise introduction to iOS social and other networked gaming app development using iOS Game Center, Game Kit, Store Kit, AirPlay, iOS 7 Game Controllers, iTunes App Store and integrating with social networks/media like Facebook and Twitter. Author Kyle Richter of Empirical Development is an expert game developer who guides you through the social game app development process step by step. This book may allow you to turn your already existing, created game into a well polished networkable and/or social media capable game app. What you'll learn Build socially integrated games on iOS for iPhone and iPad using Twitter and Facebook Configure and begin using Game Center, Apple's social gaming platform Work with the advanced features of Apple's Game Center using leaderboards, achievements, matchmaking, invitations, and multiplayer Exchange data while dealing with errors, dropped connections and other hurdles Create turned-based iOS games using Game Center Implement other socially rich features like real time Voice Chat, In App Purchases with Store Kit, and displaying content on a TV using Airplay Explore all these features and more while building a real iOS game, UFOs! Who this book is for This book is for iPhone and iPad app developers looking to build iOS game apps that can network with other apps and social media like Facebook and Twitter.
Computer games and team and individual learning
Guinness world records 2016 : gamer's edition
Minecraft  : redstone handbook
Design principles of educational virtual worlds for preschool children : a case study of JumpStart World Kindergarten's pedagogical methods
Making virtual worlds : Linden Lab and Second Life
Social interaction in online multiplayer communities
Game payment model preferences of Massively Multiplayer Online game players
World of warcraft : ultimate visual guide
Teaching with technologies : the essential guide
Teaching-studying-learning (TSL) processes and mobile technologies : multi-, inter- and transdisciplinary (MIT) research approaches : proceedings of the 12th International NBE 2005 Conference : September 14-17, 2005, Rovaniemi, Finland
In-game and out-of-game mourning : on the complexity of grief in virtual worlds
Beginning HTML5 Games with CreateJS provides a hands-on approach to get you up and running withthe most comprehensive tools available for HTML5 Canvas game development.Whether you are brand new to making games or an experienced game developer,you'll learn to fully utilize the CreateJS suite to bring your new or existing game techniques to desktop and mobile devices. Thisbook covers everything from creating graphics in HTML5 Canvas, to capturinguser input (whether from keyboard, mouse, or touch), to using a state machinefor efficient game control. There are practical (and fun) examples throughout the book, with four full game projects, including a mobile RPG. The book alsocovers optimizing your games for mobile and publishing them to app stores. HTML5 games are growing more and more popular, and the demand for HTML5 Canvas skillsis on the rise. The CreateJS suite is a powerful toolset that will help youmanage Canvas drawing and animations, asset loading, sound management, complextweening, and much more. Using these robust libraries, you can build powerfuland engaging games that reach a wide range of audiences and devices.
The player's game : towards understanding player production among computer game culture
Mogworld
Gamer : who's playing you?
The Elementia chronicles. Book 2, The new order : an unofficial Minecraft-fan adventure
Zoshling encounters
Online games, social narratives
The term immersion continues to be applied inconsistently within and across different fields of research connected with the study of virtual reality and interactive media. Moreover, immersion is oftentimes used interchangeably with the terms presence and engagement. This article details a review of existing definitions of immersion originating within the study of video games, virtual environments, and literary works of fiction. Based on this review, a three-dimensional taxonomy of the various conceptualizations of immersion is proposed. That is, the existing definitions of immersion may be broadly divided into three categories, each representing a dimension of the taxonomy: immersion as a property of a system, a subjective response to narrative contents, or a subjective response to challenges within the virtual environment. Finally, four distinct theories of presence are introduced and, based on the established taxonomy, we discuss how the individual theories relate to existing definitions of immersion.
Beginning IOS Social Games
1001 video games you must play before you die
Bin Weevils.com. The official guide
Improvements for game testing
Playing (with) educational games : first and second order gaming
The visual guide to Minecraft : dig into Minecraft with this (parent-approved) guide full of tips, hints, and projects!
A practical guide to indie game marketing
Evaluations of an experiental gaming model
Why to buy virtual goods in first-person-shooter games : a customer value perspective
Virtual goods sales : new requirements for business modelling?
Internet hold'em poker : plus 5- and 7-card stud and Omaha
Russian computer online games customer behaviour Saint Petersburg area : Habbo Hotel game case (Sulake corporation)
Construction of a playspace : autoethnographical inquiry to temporal and spatial frames of the play experience of World of Warcraft
Being virtual : who you really are online
Unscrambling the "average user" of Habbo Hotel
Kids and branding in a digital world
My life as a night elf priest : an anthropological account of World of warcraft
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy?
Framework for advertising inventory optimization for a Finnish online publisher
Quest for justice
Press start to play
The ringtone dialectic : economy and cultural form
Virtual literacies : interactive spaces for children and young people
Stronger brand, a better showcase for sponsors : case Insignia cadre
Unity Networking : Developing a single player game into a multiplayer game
Marketing in Second Life : implementing strategic marketing market management and marketing methods in the metaverse
Sword art online progressive. 002
The great journey : HALO the art of building worlds
The restoration game
'Gaming Live!' provides a complete guide to live streaming and gaming. It features exclusive interviews directly from the biggest YouTube and Twitch stars in the world. It's an essential guide for anyone and everyone who wants to get involved with the incredible world of live streaming!
E-youth : balancing between opportunities and risks
Nintendo Wii Flash game creator's guide : design, develop, and share your games online
Children's learning in a digital world
Game on! : gaming at the library
Lessons learned using theory of mind methods to investigate user social awareness in virtual role-play
Gaming live! : your guide to video game livestreaming
Flash 10 multiplayer game essentials : create exciting real-time multiplayer games using Flash
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
Digital games have become more and more popular in recent years. These games are part of everyday life for many people and offer a wide range of opportunities for user entertainment and experience. Despite their entertainment purpose, the increasing use of digital games has raised concern about the possible negative consequences for gamers, especially among children and adolescents. The purpose of this systematic review is to determine the relationship between digital game playing behaviour and health determinants in children and youth aged 12 - 24 years. Four electronic databases were searched. 39 studies met inclusion criteria and were included in the review. There is a wide base of evidence from different kinds of study designs which support the view that excessive digital game playing may cause harmful consequences for the health and health related behaviour of target users. These findings can be used to develop strategies that aim at reducing problematic game behavior and its negative consequences.
The eye of minds
Nuclear Tycoon : designing simulation rethoric for a persuasive game
In real life
Living virtually : researching new worlds
Toward a ludic architecture : the space of play and games
Minecraft annual 2017
The game localization handbook
Second Life in-world travel guide
Minecraft : combat handbook
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Documents research on the impact of computer games on the learning of adults. Computer games and learning are characterized from a series of different theoretical and empirical viewpoints. Both civilian sector and military applications are presented. While effectiveness of game environments to support learning can be documented in terms of intensity and longevity of engagement (participants voting with their time), as well as the commercial success of the games, there is much less solid empirical information about what instructional outcomes are systematically achieved by the playing of individual and multiplayer games. This book will address these issues.Designed for professionals in the gaming, simulation, assessment and evaluation, educational technology, and educational psychology communities, this book explores the state of the art in the use of computer game technology for teaching and measurement of learning in adults. Its unique focus is on the empirical impact, both qualitative and quantitative, of computer games on the learning of adults.
Skylanders universe : chronicles
A medieval-themed building book for Minecraft, packed with guides, schematics and inspirational ideas to construct, defend and customise your very own castle. Every build is illustrated with a detailed exploded view, so readers can see exactly which blocks are used in the structures, both inside and out.
WRC 4 - FIA world rally championship : PS3
Multiplayer game programming : architecting networked games
Coordination and adaptation techniques for efficient resource utilization in cognitive radio networks
Straight flush : the college kids who dealt their way to a billion-dollar online poker empire - and how it all came crashing down
MotoGP 14 : PS3
The Moé manifesto : an insider's look at the worlds of manga, anime, and gaming
There be dragons! : an ethnographic inquiry into the strategic practices and process of world of warcraft gaming groups
Evaluating usability of games : A study of four Facebook games using heuristic evaluation
Internet through the eyes of 11-year-old children : first-hand experiences from the technological environment children live in
Fantasy in death
Minecraft : construction handbook
Moshi monsters : character encyclopedia
Call of duty : advanced warfare : Xbox 360.
Consumer behaviour in online game industry : evidence from Chinese market
HTML5 game development for dummies
Beginning HTML5 games with CreateJS
Virtually face to face : enriching collaborative learning through multiplayer games
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Symbolic interaction and new social media
Creating a chat room using Unity Game Development Tool
The Army Game Project : creating an artefact of war
Minecraft recipes for dummies
Online worlds : convergence of the real and the virtual
E-business as a distributional strategy : case: Veikkaus Oy
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
Minecraft redstone for dummies
Big book of hacks for Minecrafters : the biggest unofficial guide to tips and tricks that other guides won't teach you
Eve : True stories
Skylanders universe : Life & undead. Book of elements
Writing for visual media
Yogscast : the diggy diggy book
Space Time Play : computer games, architecture and urbanism : the next level
Pottermore secrets and mysteries revealed : the unofficial guide to Pottermore.com
The next level of research on electronic play : potential benefits and contextual influences for children and adolescents
Trackmania original
Research practices on product development for Grey Brain Ltd
Performance analysis of cognitive radio networks and radio resource allocation
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy
Minecraft construction for dummies
Unofficial Minecraft lab for kids : family-friendly projects for exploring and teaching math, science, history, and culture through creative building
For the win
Game maker's apprentice : game development for beginners
Sword art online : Girls' ops. 001
Cooperative interference and radio resource management in self-organizing small cell networks
Organizing and learning through gaming and simulation : proceedings of Isaga 2007
"The growth of interest in virtual worlds and other online spaces for children and young people raises important issues for literacy educators and researchers. This book is a timely and much-needed collection of current research in the area. It provides a synthesis of knowledge and understanding and will be a key resource for scholars, students and teachers, particularly those interested in digital literacies. The work presents a coherent vision of current knowledge, and some of the most engaging, empirical research being undertaken on virtual worlds and online spaces in and beyond educational institutions. It contains international studies from the UK, North America and Australasia. This is an important time for those researching virtual worlds, videogaming and Web 2.0 technologies, since there is growing professional interest in their significance in the education and development of children and young people. Whether these technologies are solely associated with informal learning or whether they should be incorporated into classroom contexts is hotly debated. This book provides a principled evaluation and appreciation of the learning, teaching and instruction that can occur in digital environments, showing children, young people and those who work with them as active agents with possibilities to navigate new paths"--
Coding4Fun : 10.NET programming objects for Wiimote, World of Warcraft, YouTube and more
Understanding online game players' post-adoption behavior : an investigation of social network games in China
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
Minecraft : essential handbook
Online and face-to-face role-play simulations in promoting social work students  argumentative problem-solving
