http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22644 consumer culture
consumer culture
"Not ugly" : system approach for sustainable fashion design
Theories of consumption
Consumer behavior : buying, having, and being
Design for collaborative minds : a visual designers contribution to the collaborative consumption model [sic]
Political consumerism : global responsibility in action
Ariadne's thread
Consumption, youth and new media : the debate on social issues in Brazil
Why she buys : the new strategy for reaching the world's most powerful consumers
Consumer Culture, Modernity and Identity offers analysis of articulation of consumer culture and modernity in everyday lives of people in a transnational framework. It pursues three broad themes: lifestyle and construction of modern identity; fashion and identity; and subaltern concerns and moral subjectivities. It juxtaposes empirical studies with theoretical traditions in addressing questions such as: How do people imagine modernity and identity in consumer culture? What does modernity or 'being modern' mean to people in different societies? Are modernity and tradition antithetical to or develop an interface with each other? The chapters in the book trace manifestations and trajectories of consumer culture and modernity as they connect to develop a sense of renewed identity. --Publisher's description.
"Meubles habillés" : for a more sustainable society
The middle mind : why consumer culture is turning us into the living dead
Encyclopedia of consumer culture
What's mine is yours : how collaborative consumption is changing the way we live
Planned continuity : design of sustainable clothing service concept
Designing thoughts into cultural plurality
It's a shareable life : a practical guide on sharing
Motherhood, markets and consumption : the making of mothers in contemporary western cultures
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
The consuming instinct : what juicy burgers, Ferraris, pornography, and gift giving reveal about human nature
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Utopia : can we achieve it?
Soviet consumer culture in the Brezhnev era
Consuming pleasures : intellectuals and popular culture in the postwar world
Through the lens of education reform and current education politics, this book situates young people within theoretical and political considerations that offer up a new analytic of youth, one that posits not only the emergence of a new way to talk about youth but also a new language for understanding and critically engaging the politics that frame their lives.
How to turn your addiction to prescription drugs into a successful art career : formerly released as "How I turned my fear of waitressing and other three-dollar-an-hour jobs into a glamourous international career"
Rethinking free time : a study on boundaries, disorders and symbolic goods
The Psychology of the Asian Consumer highlights how consumer psychology can contribute to an understanding of Asian consumer behaviour and is especially timely in light of today's global economy and its focus on the Pacific Rim. Chapters are organised around the key concepts of theory and culture and include numerous case studies and practical applications. The book focuses on research summaries that provide readers with important, need-to-know information.
The future of consumer culture in Finnish ninth graders' lifestyle perceptions
Excess : anti-consumerism in the West
Contemporary luxury perspectives : an investigation into motives for consumption of luxury goods in contemporary society
Latent social class terms and consumer culture in Finland : "porvari", "amis", and "pummi"
The 100 thing challenge : how I got rid of almoust everything, remade my life, and regained my soul
"Yo! Wanna be a part of our crew?" : girls, dolls, and online consumerism
Developing a crowdsourced videographic research method for consumer culture research
Semiotic neighborhoods : the case of Helsinki
The allure of the foreign : imported goods in postcolonial Latin America
Consumer behaviour
Interpreting consumer choice : the behavioral perspective model
Packaging life : cultures of the everyday
"David Warren Sabean was a pioneer in the historical-anthropological study of kinship, community, and selfhood in early modern and modern Europe. His career has helped shape the discipline of history through his supervision of dozens of graduate students and his influence on countless other scholars. This book collects wide-ranging essays demonstrating the impact of Sabean's work has on scholars of diverse time periods and regions, all revolving around the prominent issues that have framed his career: kinship, community, and self. The significance of David Warren Sabean's scholarship is reflected in original research contributed by former students and essays written by his contemporaries, demonstrating Sabean's impact on the discipline of history"--Provided by publisher.
Gambling and consumption : the hidden value of historical perspectives
Over-consumption is one of the key issues of our time; especially in the Western world. Over the past decade, in the face of historically unprecedented levels of consumer spending in the West - and the more recent threat of economic recession - a vigorous politics of anti-consumerism has emerged in a range of wealthy nations. This book provides a overview and analysis of what has come to be called the 'new politics of consumption'; a politics embodied in movements such as culture jamming, simple living, slow food and fair trade. The book offers an examination of anti-consumerism at a time when the idea of 'consumer excess' is being re-framed by global recession, and crucially explores what this means for the future of the debates. Drawing on interviews with activists across three continents, and offering a refreshingly accessible discussion of contemporary commentary and theory, Kim Humphery sympathetically explores anti-consumerism as cultural interpretation, lifestyle change, and collective action. While analysing the positive advances of the anti-consumerist movement, Excess: Anti-consumerism in the West also challenges contemporary critical thinking on consumerism. Humphery takes issue with the return to theories of mass culture in the contemporary anti-consumerist polemic and with the tendency for critics to indulge in a high moralism, a pop psychologism, and a self-helpism, all directed more so at the individual as consumer than at the institutions of commercial and political power that drive the systems of consumption. Alternatively, Humphery begins to forge a politics of anti-consumerism that addresses the complexity of material acquisition, which avoids treating consumers as mere dupes in the logic of capitalism, viewing them instead as active participants in a culture which is capable of transformation.
The great Indian phone book : how cheap mobile phones change business, politics and daily life
Ernest Dichter and motivation research : new perspectives on the making of post-war consumer culture
Porcelain in architecture - design - lifestyle
The landscape of consumption : shopping streets and cultures in Western Europe, 1600-1900
Rethinking consumer behaviour for the well-being of all : reflections on individual consumer responsibility
Literary advertising and the shaping of British romanticism
Consuming ethnicity and nationalism : Asian experiences
Fashioning appetite : restaurants and the making of modern identity
FAQ : aesthetics of collective experience
City ubiquitous : place, communication, and the rise of omnitopia
Photography : a critical introduction
Consumer culture, identity and well-being : the search for the "good life" and the "body perfect"
Spent : sex, evolution, and consumer behavior
Cuisine, colonialism and Cold War : food in twentieth-century Korea
From CCT to CCC : building consumer culture community
Brand failures : the truth about the 100 biggest branding mistakes of all time
Fitness culture : gyms and the commercialisation of discipline and fun
Cinema at the city's edge : film and urban networks in East Asia
Is this imitation good enough? : belt plates of precious and base metals in the 17th-century Finland
Marketing Finnish design in Japan
Women and capitalism in the Croatian hinterland : the practice of labor and consumption
Debunking weak sustainable consumption : towards strong sustainable consumption governance
A hallucinogenic tea, laced with controversy : ayahuasca in the Amazon and the United States
Largely organized via commercial relations of some kind, gyms are key sites for studying consumption and subjectivity in contemporary society. Gym-goers are typically addressed as individuals who take control of both the market and themselves. Through a variety of qualitative sources -- ethnographies, interviews and discourse analysis -- this book explores how consumers and producers collaborate in the production of the fitness scene. It examines how individuals become fitness participants, at locally sustained relationships, the framing of discipline as fun, the meanings attached to the idea of fitness and the negotiation of broader body ideals, to provide a critical discussion of fitness as lived consumer culture. Choice is revealed as a process, rather than a cost-benefit decision; a transformative, ongoing practice rather than an accomplished, rational calculation. Consumption is revealed as an ambivalent practice, with consumers increasingly asked to be active producers of cultural forms that are nevertheless largely circulated and managed by producers who need to consume much of the very same sort they produce.
Consumer society : : critical issues and environmental consequences
Communism and consumerism : the Soviet alternative to the affluent society
The psychology of the Asian consumer
Global problems and the culture of capitalism
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Women and Mass Consumer Society in Postwar France
British it-narratives, 1750-1830
"Great sleep" as a form of hedonic consumption
The legalizing of roulette and changes in Finnish consumer culture in the 1960s and 1970s
Neo-feminist cinema : girly films, chick flicks, and consumer culture
Classical music and modern classical music in globalisation and consumer society : international symposium, Accademia di Danimarca, Rome, 23rd-36th March 2009
Consumption, youth and new media : ‡b the debate on social issues in Brazil
From disposable to sustainable : the complex interplay between design and consumption of textiles and clothing
Multicultural perspectives in customer behaviour
Communism unwrapped : consumption in Cold War Eastern Europe
Food for thought : consumer culture ideology in Regular Show
Aging, performance, and stardom : doing age on the stage of consumerist culture
Shopping 3.0 : shopping, the Internet or both?
"This is an ideal resource for Postgraduate Students and Researchers in the Sociology and Geography of Financial Markets, Consumer Culture, Family Sociology, and Economics (social economy of households)"--Provided by publisher.
The material child : growing up in consumer culture
Modernist aesthetics and consumer culture in the writings of Oscar Wilde
The new old : a post fashion consumption practice
Kinship, community, and self : essays in honor of David Warren Sabean
Running the numbers : an American self-portrait
Consumer India : inside the Indian mind and wallet
Differences in consumer perspectives how sustainable food consumption is perceived and signalled in the prevailing consumer culture : among Generation Y
Selling beauty : cosmetics, commerce, and French society, 1750-1830
Deluxe : how luxury lost its luster
Islands of eight million smiles : idol performance and symbolic production in contemporary Japan
CONSUMER BEHAVIOR IN THE TABLET COMPUTER MARKET IN MOSCOW
Consumer culture, modernity and identity
Vicarious consumers
Youth in a suspect society : democracy or disposability?
Liberalization's children : gender, youth, and consumer citizenship in globalizing India
Brand success : how the world's top 100 brands thrive and survive
Cues, conformity, and choice architecture : empirical essays on influence
What does consumption in the global south signify, and how are its complexities communicated in media discourses? Consumption, Media and the Global South presents original research examining key themes in the ways in which consumption in the global south - by elites, the middle classes, and the poor - is discursively constructed in media texts. With the global triumph of capitalist economies and neoliberal values, consumption is increasingly viewed by populations in the global south as both a right to which they are denied access, and once accessed as evidence of an improved life. The ways in which this debate plays out on the stage of the media is an important element of the picture. This book looks at the media representation of consumer culture in Africa, China, Brazil and India through case studies ranging from celebrity selfies, to travel websites, news reports and documentary film.
Television creating Finnish consumer mentality in the 1960s
Erotic grotesque nonsense : the mass culture of Japanese modern times
Stuffocation : living more with less
Green consumerism : an A-to-Z guide
In the 20th century humanity consumed products faster than ever, but this way of living is no longer sustainable. This new and important book shows how technological advances are driving forms of 'collaborative consumption' which will change forever the ways in which we interact both with businesses and with each other. The average lawn mower is used for four hours a year. The average power drill is used for only twenty minutes in its entire lifespan. The average car is unused for 22 hours a day, and even when it is being used there are normally three empty seats. Surely there must be a way to get the benefit out of things like mowers, drills and even cars, without having to carry the huge up-front costs of ownership? There is indeed. Collaborative consumption is not just a buzzword, it is a new win-win way of life. This insightful and thought-provoking new book by Rachel Botsman and Roo Rogers is an important and fast-moving survey of the dramatic changes we are seeing in the way we consume products. Many of us are familiar with freecycle, eBay, couchsurfing and Zipcar. But these are just the beginning of a new phenomenon. Rachel Botsman and Roo Rogers have interviewed business leaders and opinion formers around the world to draw together the many strands of Collaborative Consumption into a coherent and challenging argument to show that the way we did business and consumerism in the 20th century is not the way we will do it in the 21st century.
On bourgeois logic and the consumer society
Consumer culture and personal finance : money goes to market
Beyond the consumption bubble
Confessions of an eco sinner : travels to find where my stuff comes from
Spent : sex, evolution, and the secrets of consumerism
Necessary luxuries : books, literature, and the culture of consumption in Germany, 1770-1815
Consumption, media and the Global South : aspiration contested
Globalization and sport
Debunking weak sustainable consumption : towards Strong Sustainable Consumption Governance
Food democracy : from consumer to food citizen
My life with things : the consumer diaries
Afterword : summer houses and saunas, parks and libraries - spaces of private and public consumption in Finland
Alternatives for economy : liberation from the straitjacket of "economy"
Cultures of obsolescence : history, materiality, and the digital age
Rehearsing consumer capitalism : fashion dolls, girls and parental anxieties
Fitness culture: gyms and the commercialisation of discipline and fun
The value of nothing : how to reshape market society and redefine democracy
Events and the social sciences
Consumer culture, branding and identity in the new Russia : from five-year plan to 4x4
This book explores the links between food and democracy. It addresses how democratic principles can be used to shape our food system and takes a practical ‘how-to’ approach to using democratic processes to regain control of the food we eat. It also highlights what food democracy looks like on the ground and how individuals, communities and societies can be empowered to access, cook and eat healthy food in ways that are sustainable. Food democracy, as a concept, is a social movement based on the idea that people can and should be able to actively participate in shaping the food system rather than being passive spectators. The book is useful for university and advanced TAFE courses that cover topics examining food in health sciences, social sciences and other areas of study. It is also relevant to health practitioners, nutritionists, food advocates, policy makers and others with a keen interest in exploring an alternative to the industrial food system known as “Big Food.”
The making of the consumer : knowledge, power and identity in the modern world
Consuming Korean tradition in early and late modernity : commodification, tourism, and performance
Good consumers? : normality and sustainability in consumer culture
Doing sensory ethnography in consumer research
5 - the dish
Preliminary materials for a theory of the young-girl
Shanzhai products in everyday life : ethnographic fieldwork in China
Technologies of sexiness : sex, identity, and consumer culture
The rebel sell : how the counterculture became consumer culture
The system of objects
Extending the collective consumption of brands
Modernizing tradition : gender and consumerism in interwar France and Germany
Constructing consumer femininities : a study of young female bloggers' portrayal of consumption in fashion blogs
Understanding consumer value and consumption community evolution
Nature for sale : the commons versus commodities
