http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22702 chronic diseases
chronic diseases
Wound care in home care : Information booklet for Kotipeura
Rural-urban diffrences in health and health behaviour : a baseline description of a community health-promotion program for the elderly
"Disability and chronic illness represents a special kind of cultural diversity, the "other" to "normal" able-bodiedness. Most studies of disability consider disability in North American or European contexts; and studies of diversity in Japan consider ethnic and cultural diversity, but not the differences arising from disability. This book therefore breaks new ground, both for scholars of disability studies and for Japanese studies scholars. It charts the history and nature of disability in Japan, discusses policy and law relating to disability, examines caregiving and accessibility, and explores how disability is viewed in Japan"--
Whilst the body has recently assumed greater sociological significance, there has been less engagement in social work and social care on the bodily experience of health, illness and disease. This innovative volume redresses the balance by exploring chronic illness and social work, through the specific lens of autoimmunity, engaging in wider debates around vulnerability, resistance and the lived experience of ongoing ill-health. Moving beyond existing conceptualisations of vulnerability as an issue of mental distress, ageing, child protection and poverty, Price and Walker demonstrate the role that society has to play in actively engaging the physical body, rather than working around and through it. The book focuses on auto-immune conditions such as lupus, multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis and scleroderma. Conditions like these allow for an exploration of the materiality of illness which exacerbates social and economic vulnerability and may precipitate personal and social crises, requiring a variety of interventions and support. The risks and challenges associated with chronic illness include disruptions to a sense of self and identity, altered relationships and the renegotiation of roles and responsibilities in a variety of relationships in addition to an economic impact, with the potential for disruption to employment status and financial insecurity. This text opens up a range of debates around some of the central concerns of the social work profession, including vulnerability, ill-health, and independence. It will be of interest to scholars and students of social work, nursing, disability studies, medicine and the social sciences.
Managing long-term conditions and chronic illness in primary care : a guide to good practice
Textbook of Obesity is designed to cover all of the essential elements concerning the etiology, prevention and treatment of obesity suitable for students in nutrition, dietetics and health science courses. Providing core knowledge for students is an essential and urgent requirement to ensure that those graduating will be properly equipped to deal with the high prevalence of overweight and obesity, currently affecting almost two-thirds of the population of the USA and with prevalence in much of the rest of the world rapidly catching up.
"Teach Us to Sit Still is the visceral, thought-provoking, and inexplicably entertaining story of how Tim Parks found himself in serious pain, how doctors failed to help, and the quest he took to find his own way out. Overwhelmed by a crippling condition which nobody could explain or relieve, Parks follows a fruitless journey through the conventional medical system only to find relief in the most unexpected place: a breathing exercise that eventually leads him to take up meditation. This was the very last place Parks anticipated finding answers; he was about as far from New Age as you can get. As everything that he once held true is called into question, Parks confronts the relationship between his mind and body, the hectic modern world that seems to demand all our focus, and his chosen life as an intellectual and writer. He is drawn to consider the effects of illness on the work of other writers, the role of religion in shaping our sense of self, and the influence of sports and art on our attitudes toward health and well-being. Most of us will fall ill at some point; few will describe that journey with the same verve, insight, and radiant intelligence as Tim Parks" -- Provided by publisher.
Never bet against Occam : mast cell activation disease and the modern epidemics of chronic illness and medical complexity
The voice of shame : silence and connection in psychotherapy
It is now widely accepted that there are important links between inactivity and lifestyle-related chronic diseases, and that exercise can bring tangible therapeutic benefits to people with long-term chronic conditions. Exercise and Chronic Disease: An Evidence-Based Approach offers a survey of the scientific and clinical evidence underlying the effects of exercise in relation to functional outcomes, disease-specific health-related outcomes and quality of life in patients with chronic disease conditions. Drawing on data from randomized controlled trials and observational evidence, and written by a team of leading international researchers and medical and health practitioners, the book explores the evidence across a wide range of chronic diseases, including: cancer heart disease stroke diabetes parkinson's disease multiple sclerosis asthma. Each chapter addresses the frequency, intensity, duration and modality of exercise that might be employed as an intervention for each condition and, importantly, assesses the impact of exercise interventions in relation to outcomes that reflect tangible benefits to patients.
Prescribing by numbers : drugs and the definition of disease
Child health psychology : a biopsychosocial perspective
Living with the enemy : coping with the stress of chronic illness using CBT, mindfulness and acceptance
Translating chronic illness research into practice
The five horsemen of the modern world : climate, food, water, disease, and obesity
Leisure-time physical activity, weight gain and health : a prospective follow-up in twins
Physical activity and health : the evidence explained
Exercise prescription : the physiologocal foundations : a guide for health, sport and exercise professionals
Preterm birth and risk factors for chronic disease : Helsinki study of very low birth weight adults
Recurrent and chronic colic in horses : a review of clinical and diagnostic features and prospective case series
"In The Pain Chronicles, Melanie Thernstrom traces conceptions of pain throughout the ages—from ancient Babylonian pain-banishing spells to modern brain imaging—to reveal the elusive, mysterious nature of pain itself. Interweaving first-person reflections on her own battle with chronic pain, incisive reportage and medical research, and insights from a wide range of disciplines, Thernstrom shows that when dealing with pain we are neither as advanced as we imagine nor as helpless as we may fear." -- (Back Cover)
Health-related quality of life and mental disorders in Finland
Food and western disease : health and nutrition from an evolutionary perspective
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
Final programme and abstracts of the European Conference on Chronic Disease Prevention, Helsinki, December 8-10, 2005.
Teach us to sit still : a sceptic's search for health and healing
Incidence of chronic inflammatory rheumatic diseases in Finland during 1975-1990
Coping with chronic illness and disability : theoretical, empirical, and clinical aspects
Cognitive behavior therapy in nursing practise
Foundations of adult nursing
Preventing chronic diseases : a vital investment
The pain chronicles : cures, remedies, spells, prayers, myths, misconceptions, brain scans, and the science of suffering
Prisons and health
Nursing adults with long term conditions
Medical and psychosocial aspects of chronic illness and disability
Evidence-based interventions for social work in health care
"Foundations of Adult Nursing introduces the principles, themes and issues that define what it means to be a nurse today. It explains the theory and knowledge required to develop person-centred nursing skills and explores the diverse settings and patient groups that you will encounter on your placements. Key features of the book are: A companion website with multiple choice questions for revision, and interactive glossary to test you on key terms and free SAGE journal articles to help you develop your evidence base; Stop and Think boxes which challenge you to reflect on your own practice; Discussion on the latest literature, policy and research relevant for your assignments; Case Scenarios that illustrate the realities of everyday nursing."--Back cover.
Closing the cancer divide : an equity imperative
Recent years have witnessed considerable growth in the field of psychoneuroimmunology, which describes how psychological factors, such as stress and depression, impact the neurological and immune systems. Kathleen Kendall-Tackett and an elite group of researchers explore the ways physical and psychological stressors such as poor sleep, PTSD, and depression, trigger the inflammatory response and increase the risk of disease. They approach this material from a variety of perspectives. Chapters in Part I describe the biological processes involved in inflammation, focusing on both the typical bodily response to threat as well as on the long-term deleterious effects of stress upon the immune system; while chapters in Part II examine the role of psychosocial stress in disease etiology. Throughout, chapter authors present evidence of connections between mind and body, and emphasize the need for improved communication between physicians and mental health care providers.
Primary care of the child with a chronic condition
LeMone & Burke's adult nursing : acute and ongoing care
Healing wounds, healthy skin : a practical guide for patients with chronic wounds
Chronic illness : impact and interventions
Cognitive behaviour therapy for chronic medical problems : a guide to assesment and treatment in practice
Clinical and genetic markers in disease progression : a study among subjects with obstructive lung diseases
Chronic conditions and the risk of long-term institutionalization among elder people
Supporting families of children with sickle cell disease
Nursing the acutely ill adult : case book
Building evidence for cost-effectiveness of self-management interventions in chronic care : acknowledging context and mechanisms
A life course approach to chronic disease epidemiology
ACSM's exercise management for persons with chronic diseases and disabilities
Speech pathology management of chronic refractory cough and related disorders
Cancer has become a leading cause of death and disability and a serious yet unforeseen challenge to health systems in low-and middle-income countries. A protracted and polarized cancer transition is under way and fuels a concentration of preventable risk, illness, suffering, impoverishment from ill health, and death among poor populations. Closing this cancer divide is an equity imperative. The world faces a huge, unperceived cost of failure to take action that requires an immediate and large-scale global response. Closing the Cancer Divide presents strategies for innovation in delivery, pricing, procurement, finance, knowledge-building, and leadership that can be scaled up by applying a diagonal approach to health system strengthening. The chapters provide evidence-based recommendations for developing programs, local and global policy-making, and prioritizing research. The cases and frameworks provide a guide for developing responses to the challenge of cancer and other chronic illnesses. The book summarizes results of the Global Task Force on Expanding Access to Cancer Care and Control in Developing Countries, a collaboration among leaders from the global health and cancer care communities worldwide, originally convened by Harvard University. It includes contributions from civil society, global and national policy-makers, patients and practitioners, and academics representing an array of fields.--Publisher website.
Successful aging and adaptations with chronic diseases
The disease delusion : conquering the causes of chronic illness for a healthier, longer, and happier life
Microbiological, environmental and proteolytic aspects in chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis
"Updated to keep pace with changes in the field, Geriatric Nutrition: The Health Professional’s Handbook, Fourth Edition, offers you an authoritative reference to help you understand the role of nutrition in the maintenance of health, the management of chronic conditions, and the treatment of serious illness. The Fourth Edition of this best-selling text provides a comprehensive review of nutritional assessment, intervention programs for the elderly, and health promotion activities." --
Lifestyle and health-related factors in relation to musculoskeletal and mental disability : a life course approach
Functional medicine : the origin and treatment of chronic diseases
How not to die : discover the foods scientifically proven to prevent and reverse disease
Living with deteriorating and hereditary disease : experiences over ten years of persons with muscular dystrophy and their next of kin
Pain and pain management in Finnish general population
Understanding and treating fear of pain
Transcriptional analysis of persistent Chlamydia pneumoniae infection in vitro
Health promotion and chronic illness : discovering a new quality of health
Summary.
Physical activity strategy for the WHO European Region 2016-2025
Women, body, illness : space and identity in the everyday lives of women with chronic illness
Coping with chronic disease : research and applications
Health psychology
"Disability and chronic illness represents a special kind of cultural diversity, the "other" to "normal" able-bodiedness. Most studies of disability consider disability in North American or European contexts; and studies of diversity in Japan consider ethnic and cultural diversity, but not the differences arising from disability. This book therefore breaks new ground, both for scholars of disability studies and for Japanese studies scholars. It charts the history and nature of disability in Japan, discusses policy and law relating to disability, examines caregiving and accessibility, and explores how disability is viewed in Japan. Throughout the book highlights the tension between individual responsibility and state intervention, the issues concerning how care for disability is paid for, and the special problem of how Japan is providing care for its large and increasing population of elderly people. "--
Ageing, health and care
Cognitive aspects of chronic illness in children
Middle ear epithelium and chronic ear disease
Children's health, self-care and the use of self-medication : a population-based study in Finland
Health-related risk factors for falls among early post-menopausal women
The psychoneuroimmunology of chronic disease : exploring the links between inflammation, stress, and illness
Understanding the sociology of health : an introduction
The exercise professional's guide to optimizing health : strategies for preventing and reducing chronic disease
Chronic illness, vulnerability, and social work : autoimmunity and the contemporary disease experience
"The vast majority of premature deaths can be prevented through simple changes in diet and lifestyle. Greger examines the fifteen top causes of premature death in America -- heart disease, various cancers, diabetes, Parkinson's, high blood pressure, and more -- and explains how nutritional and lifestyle interventions can sometimes trump prescription pills and other pharmaceutical and surgical approaches, freeing us to live healthier lives. The simple truth is that most doctors are good at treating acute illnesses but bad at preventing chronic disease. By following Dr. Greger's advice, all of it backed up by strong scientific evidence, you will learn which foods to eat and which lifestyle changes to make to live longer."--
Exercise and chronic disease : an evidence-based approach
Case management of long-term conditions : principles and practice for nurses
The strategy focuses on physical activity as a leading factor in health and well-being in the European Region, with particular attention to the burden of noncommunicable diseases associated with insufficient activity levels and sedentary behaviour. It aims to cover all forms of physical activity throughout the life-course.
"This book outlines important suggestions by international experts to improve the health of those in prison and to reduce both the health risks and risks to society of imprisonment. In particular, it aims to facilitate better prison health practices in the fields of: (i) human rights and medical ethics, (ii) communicable diseases, (iii) noncommunicable diseases, (iv) oral health, (v) risk factors, (vi) vulnerable groups and (vii) prison health management. It is aimed at professional staff at all levels of responsibility for the health and well-being of detainees and at people with political responsibility. The term 'prison' covers all institutions where a state holds people deprived of their liberty." -- (WHO Europe)
Interrelationships of physical activity and depressive symptoms with cardiometabolic risk factors
Clinical manual of pediatric psychosomatic medicine : mental health consultation with physically ill children and adolescents
Family adaptation to chronic childhood illnesses : a sytematic literature review
Family health care nursing : theory, practice and research
Chronic musculoskeletal injuries in the workplace
Textbook of Obesity : Biological, Psychological and Cultural Influences
Chronic childhood illness in contemporary societies : [lectio praecursoria]
Geriatric nutrition : the health professional's handbook
Focus on disability : trends in research and application, volume II
Psychosocial resources and depression among chronically ill young adults : Are males more vulnerable?
Collaboration in care : design of a mobile health platform to support care management of cystic fibrosis
Health-related quality of life and its associating factors among 25-64-year-old adults with or without long-term mental symptoms.
Influence of chronic diseases on working life
Determination of intestinal permeability in healthy horses using the contrast medium iohexol
Nutrition in Finland
