http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22707 Siberian larch
Siberian larch Larix sibirica
Some single tree models for larch
Siberian larch : forestry and timber in a Scandinavian perspective
A 2,305 year tree-ring reconstruction of mean June-July temperature deviations in the Yamal Peninsula
Characterization and pathogenicity of Rhizoctonia spp. associated with nursery-grown conifer seedlings suffering from root dieback
The growth rhytm and height growth of seedlings of Siberian (Larix sibirica Ledeb.) and Dahurian (Larix gmelinii Rupr.) larch provenances in greenhouse conditions
Reconstruction of climate and the upper timberline dynamics since AD 745 by tree-ring data in the Polar Ural Mountains
An ecological study on effects of shelters on germination and germling development of Scots pine, Norway spruce and Siberian larch
Reconstruction of spatial variations in summer temperatures for the last 300 years in the north of West-Siberian Plain
Modelling the growth and yield of larch in Hallormsstaour, Iceland
Near Infrared Spectroscopy as non-destructive method for sorting viable, petrified and empty seeds of Larix sibirica
Heterobasidion annosum s.l. and wood degradation of Norway spruce (Picea abies) : the effects of sectioning, crown type and wood properties
Experiences with Larix species in northern Finland
Kiln drying of Siberian Larch (Larix sibirica) timber
Effect of site preparation on seedling performance in a Hylocomium myrtillus -stand
Competition between originally planted and beeted seedlings in stands of Norway spruce and Scots pine
Permafrost ecosystems : Siberian Larch forests
Present distribution of Larix sukaczewii Dyl. in Russia
Preliminary testing of the resistance of Finnish softwood timbers to Macrotermitinae termites
The growth rhythm and height growth of seedlings of Siberian (Larix sibirica Ledeb.) and Dahurian (Larix gmelinii Rupr.) larch provenances in greenhouse conditions
Growth rhythm, height growth and survival of Russian larch (Larix Mill.) provenances in greenhouse and field conditions in Finland
Survival, height growth and damages of Siberian (Larix sibirica Ledeb.) and Dahurian (Larix gmelinii Rupr.) larch provenances in field trials located in southern and northern Finland
Larix sibirica Ledeb. is one of the promising timber species for planting in the boreal ecosystem; but poor seed lot quality is the major hurdle for production of sufficient quantity of planting stocks. Here, we evaluated the potential of Near Infrared (NIR) Spectroscopy for sorting viable and non-viable seeds, as the conventional sorting technique is inefficient. NIR reflectance spectra were collected from single seeds, and discriminant models were developed with Orthogonal Projections to Latent Structure - Discriminant Analysis (OPLS-DA). The computed model predicted the class membership of filled-viable, empty and petrified seeds in the test set with 98%, 82% and 87% accuracy, respectively. When two-class OPLS-DA model was fitted to discriminate viable and non-viable (empty and petrified seeds combined), the predicted class membership of test set samples was 100% for both classes. The origins of spectral differences between non-viable (petrified and empty) and viable seeds were attributed to differences in seed moisture content and storage reserves. In conclusion, the result provides evidence that NIR spectroscopy is a powerful non-destructive method for sorting non-viable seeds of Larix sibirica; thus efforts should be made to develop on-line sorting system for large-scale seed handling..
Scots pine and Siberian larch heartwood as a source of naturally durable timber
A larch biorefinery producing pulp and lactic acid
