http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22772 jive (dance music)
jive (dance music)
The Jive
Vivo latino : best of latin music
Giants of Latin : the Walter Laird Rhythms
Rock city : the best of dancelife's swings, jives & buggs
World Dancesport Federation: jive
Jump, jive an' wail!
Latin mega hits : 40 sizzling original hits for latin dancing. 2.
Cab Calloway and his Orchestra : 1939-1940
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 14, "Don't stop the music"
Jive collection
Swing it! : an annotated history of jive
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 3.
That's danceable. Vol. 2, Latin
Dancing cultures : globalization, tourism and identity in the anthropology of dance
Super Latin. Vol. 2, 21 original Latin hits
Let's dance! : the best of ballroom : swing, lindy, jitterbug and jive
Get off it and rock it.
Miami latin : The best of latin music. Vol 23.
The next steps : the joy of dancing : ballroom, Latin and jive for social dancers af all ages
Latin devotion : ...from the Latin soul
New York City swing!
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 15, "The shadow of your smile"
Let's dance the jive
Modern ballroom dancing
Gold Star Ballroom : jive
Dancebeat : Latin sensation
Latin nights : 44 tropical hits for Latin dancing
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. [1]
Rock 'n' roll : and other dance crazes
How to dance!
Latin boogalú : original hits for latin dancing. Vol. 21.
The ultimate... Latin album. 8, Satisfy my soul
Hooked on jive : 20 non-stop jiving greats
Live and still jumping : the original classic 1985 album plus seven jumping bonus tracks
Brazil : the best of Latin music : original hits for Latin dancing : Karina, Dimitri
Luna do Brazil : the best of latin music
Five guys named Moe : original London cast recording
The best of V. waltz / p. doble / jive : collection of Dancelife
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 16, "Everytime we touch"
Tiki Tiki : the best of Latin music : original hits for Latin dancing. Martino & Michelle
Hep cats holiday
Jump and jive : original hits
Latin mega hits : 40 sizzling original hits for latin dancing. 3.
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 10, Hip hip chin chin
World masters voice. 2, Standard and latin dances
Fiesta for two : songs for latin lovers : original hits for latin dancing : Tonja & Ralf
Dance attack!. 1, 16 original vocal recordings
Latin classics. Vol. 1.
Super Latin : 22 original latin hits
A technique of advanced Latin-American figures
