http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22748 aggregate units
aggregate units
In the calculation of economic aggregates it is often necessary to compute the value of these aggregates in some relevant subgroups as well as for the whole data. A method of calculation is said to be consistent in aggregation if it gives the same result regardless of whether it is applied directly to the whole data or to subaggregates calculated using the same method. The property has been well studied, yet a satisfactory general definition has been lacking. In this paper a definition of consistency in aggregation is given for a general class of aggregation rules. We show that any aggregation method satisfying this definition has a representation based on a commutative semigroup operation. Also, as an application we use algebraic methods to derive certain properties of index numbers satisfying consistency in aggregation. In particular, we show that any such index number formula is in fact a generalized weighted mean.
20 years of GEA Westfalia Separator's separator unit production in Finland
One of the ways of keeping the environment clean and safe is by avoiding unnecessary waste and saving the space for small and large scale development practices. Recycled aggregates are one of those recycled construction materials that are used to mitigate the material consuming, money intensive, and environmentally alarming construction market. In this small study recycled aggregate materials were acquired from Top-Mix, recycling plant for construction and demolition waste that recycles this rubble into recycled aggregates. These recycled aggregates are often used in road constructions. To stimulate the use of recycled aggregates in structural applications; it should be proven that these kinds of aggregates are not harmful to the application. In this study the aim was to determine if recycled aggregates contain certain contaminations that can disturb the binding reactions of cement, especially chlorides and sulfates. The investigation consisted of several steps; Visual inspection, determination of the content of concrete, red bricks, woods and other materials. Dividing into different aggregate size groups and determination of; the water absorption, chemical chloride content and water soluble sulfate content were done.  The result on the chemical analysis showed that there is no chemical danger from recycling the construction aggregates, as the concentrations of both chloride and did not go beyond the limit for use in construction applications.
Properties of concrete
Consistent aggregation methods and index number theory
Results minerals & aggregates : [Metso customer magazine for the mining and construction industries]
Consistency in aggregation, quasilinear means and index numbers
Chemical contamination in recycled aggregates
Pre-study for design of auxiliary module options
A price index is often loosely defined as some sort of average or mean of price ratios. A basic property of a mean, such as the arithmetic or geometric, for example, is that a grand mean may always be calculated as a suitably weighted mean of submeans. An analogous property of index numbers is called consistency in aggregation in the relevant literature. In this article we use the fact that with weak regularity conditions consistency in aggregation implies that pricequantity index pairs may be viewed as quasilinear means. Using this we show that these index number pairs may be equated with convex combinations in a suitably constructed vector space. We may thus apply linear algebra to their study, which is a completely new approach to the subject. To illustrate the strength of our approach, we derive a equivalence theorem of quasilinear index number formulas and additive decompositions of value change. We argue that this result shows that consistency in aggregation may be interpreted as consistency between the treatment of ratios and di*erences. We also show that many wellknown index number axioms have linear algebraic interpretations and give conditions under which a decomposition space has a natural inner product structure.
Manual on the geological-technical assessment of mineral construction materials
25 years of Aslemetals Oy's separator and booster unit production
Index numbers and decomposition spaces
