http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22700 encounter
encounter
A study of touchpoints adaptability at Helsinki airport: from customer experience perspective
NURSES’ EXPERIENCES OF MULTICULTURAL CLIENTS IN SEXUAL AND REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH CARE IN KOKKOLA
Into the silence
The sea lady : a late romance
Serious sweet : a novel
The Emperor of Paris
When we collided
The Andalucian friend
Look at me
Deadly animals : savage encounters between man and beast
The naked name of love
Life, only better ; Mathilde ; Yann
An appointment with my brother
Avenue of mysteries
Disputed land
A proper family Christmas
Dialogue! : possibilities for reciprocal encounters
A boy of good breeding
That's My Love Story
University students’ attitudes towards HIV/AIDS in Finland and in Kenya
Hostmanship : the art of making people feel welcome
High time for gender conscious ethnology
The Glasgow coma scale
Charlotte street
Thanks for the memories
"With the scope of Dune and the commercial action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to experience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. Set against the backdrop of China's Cultural Revolution, a secret military project sends signals into space to establish contact with aliens. An alien civilization on the brink of destruction captures the signal and plans to invade Earth. Meanwhile, on Earth, different camps start forming, planning to either welcome the superior beings and help them take over a world seen as corrupt, or to fight against the invasion. The result is a science fiction masterpiece of enormous scope and vision"
The christmas train
Transit
A wolf called Romeo
Nature wars : the incredible story of how wildlife comebacks turned backyards into battlegrounds
Here to help : UFOs and the Space Brothers
Frida Kahlo and the bravest girl in the world
Seoul, 1964-nyeon gyeoul = Seoul-1964-winter
Peppercorn Street
Thursdays in the park
Too close to the edge
Bay of the dead
Enlightenment hospitality : cannibals, harems and adoption
Snow country
The hour of the tiger : facing our fears
Abstract: The significance of ethnicity in youth peer relationships : a study of the encounters of youth from immigrant backgrounds and majority youth in youth work fields
Sail the seven seas with Sindbad! Become the new Scheherezade and match wits with a mad sultan! Find the fabulous treasures of Aladdin's cave of wonders! Seek love, honor, danger and glory! All await you in the golden age of fable!
This scientific work concentrates on the question: How do relations between elements have to be set up so that a poetic encounter in public urban space can emerge? This thesis is based on two practical research projects Kallio my Kallio at the Theatre Academy Helsinki (held between 15th March and 15th May 2011) and The City of Dream and Futureii at Space MASS in Seoul (held between 1st September and 27th November 2011).    Two answer the research question I examined also the following questions in this text: how does the recipient encounter performance art in public urban space and vice versa?   How do people encounter poetic moments?   When does such a moment start, when does it end? What is a poetic moment? Does one have to be prepared for such a moment in order to be able to see it?  My first approach in this thesis is that of perception.   For me perception as a ground and starting basis of all cognition finds its true supreme discipline in artistic research.   My second approach is intervention as it is discussed under the term action in chapter two. I have defined this free space that is to be designed as a space of poetic encounter in chapter three.   For this, I use a social-poetical performance practice as a design tool, which I would like to introduce here as a contribution to the discussion on the way to a possible open city.    This thesis investigates visual prerequisites, eephemeral phenomena that enable a poetic encounter in public space to emerge and to be reflected in the mode of playing.  I have tried to figure out that through serious play an energetic space will be constituted in the streets of a district and that bymeans of this energetic space, the passers-by will get one more possibility to read the action.   Based on my personal belief that each human being is insular and cannot get out of that insularity, but that there are strog moments when somewhere finds an intersection with someone else,   when an idea of something enters the space, poetic encounter is possible in any situation and for anyone. You do not have to be prepared for such a moment, to encounter.
Forever yours
Mr. and Miss anonymous
Chess duels : my games with the world champions
East Fortune
Missing person
The girl on the beach
Heartbroken : a novel
"When Louis Antoine de Bougainville reached Tahiti in 1768 he was struck by the way in which 'all these people came crying out tayo, which means friend, and gave a thousand signs of friendship; they all asked nails and ear-rings of us'. Reading the archive of early contact in Oceania against European traditions of thinking about intimacy and exchange, Vanessa Smith illuminates the traditions and desires that led de Bougainville and other European voyagers consistently to believe that the first word they heard in the Pacific was the word for friendship. Her book encompasses forty years of encounter from the arrival of the Dolphin in Tahiti in June 1767, through Cook's and Bligh's voyages, to early missionary and beachcomber settlement in the Marquesas. It unpacks both the political and emotional significances of ideas of friendship for late eighteenth-century European, and particularly British, explorations of Oceania"--
The day the whale came : the true story of a long-distance swimmer, a lost whale and their extraordinary encounter
French kissing
The event of encounter in art and philosophy : continental perspectives
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
Hateship, friendship, courtship, loveship, marriage
Unfinished business
Kolmannen asteen yhteys : special edition
Sophia : a novel
A dictionary of mutual understanding
Ethics of hospitality : participatory tourism encounters in the northern highlands of Nicaragua
From emotional turmoil to tranquility : grief as a process of giving in a study on spusal bereavement
Every seventh wave
2 a.m. at the Cat's Pajamas : a novel
The forgotten waltz
The making of us
What happened in Vegas
Lizzy lives with her father, Julian, and her brother, Ig, in North London. Two years ago her mother died, leaving in her trail a family bereft by her absence and a house still filled with her things: for Margaret was lively, beautiful, fun, loving; she kept the family together. So Lizzy thinks. Then, one day, Lizzy finds a letter from a stranger to her father, and discovers he has another child. Lizzy invites her into their world in an act of outraged defiance. Almost immediately, she realises her mistake. LOOK AT ME is a deft exploration of family, grief, and the delicate balance between moving forward and not quite being able to leave someone behind. It is an acute portrayal of how familial upheaval can cause misunderstanding and madness, damaging those you love most.
A diplomatic disaster erupts after a reckless adventurer and media personality is murdered by Ilmatarans, a blind alien race that lives under the ice-covered sea, threatening a new age of human explorations.
The aftermath
The London train
The emperor of Paris
The driftless area
An enchantment : a graphic poem
Intimate strangers : friendship, exchange and Pacific encounters
To be continued, or, Conversations with a toad
Spring
The house that Jack built
"Exploring the facts behind the myths, this book reframes the debate about the reality of the space visitors in view of the unprecedented changes engulfing the world today. After the early contactees had been ruthlessly debunked by an organized disinformation campaign, a new context was carefully constructed by clandestine government agencies in collusion with the media, with only one purpose: to ridicule or instil fear of the extraterrestrial presence. And while the experiences and messages of the original contactees are now largely being ignored amid the frenzy of fear-based speculation that has resulted from decades of cover-ups and subsequent conspiracy theories, the author shows that they are in fact more relevant today than ever before by bringing together the spiritual and the practical strands of Ufology. From historical records, documentary evidence and testimonies of early and contemporary contactees against the background of the Ageless Wisdom teaching, this book uncovers the patient and sustained efforts of the space people to interact with people of Earth. In the process it reveals the true motive for their presence - to help humanity through this historical time of transition by sharing their wisdom and technology. According to the author, the message from space can be summarized as: Life is One, so live as one...or perish."--Publisher's description.
The three-body problem
Pawn shop
After the bombing
Applied conversation analysis : intervention and change in institutional talk
Nurses' experiences of multicultural clients in sexual and reproductive health care in Kokkola
Sports coaching cultures : from practice to theory
Counselling skills : a practical guide for counsellors and helping professionals
Fragile lives : death, dying and care
The one plus one
The first thing you see
Sputnik's guide to life on Earth
De:Tales : Stories from urban Brazil
I'm never coming back
The wedding day
2 a.m. at the Cat's Pajamas
Church and religious 'other'
Sex and Stravinsky
Poetic encounter : a hermeneutic journey into the microprocesses of performance art
Tales of the Arabian nights
Memories of a Marriage : a novel
Good people
