http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22747 time-series analysis
time-series analysis time series analysis
Chernobyl effects and dental insurance ; Optimal insurance : an application to Swedish dental insurance in 1993
R and Data Mining : Examples and Case Studies
Monetary policy in China : an empirical analysis using the McCallum rule
Discrete time series, processes, and applications in finance
This book introduces using R for data mining. Data mining techniques are widely used in government agencies, banks, insurance, retail, telecom, medicine and research. Recently, there is an increasing tendency to do data mining with R, a free software environment for statistical computing and graphics. According to a poll by KDnuggets.com in early 2011, R is the 2nd popular tool for data mining work. By introducing using R for data mining, this book will have a broad audience from both academia and industry. It targets researchers in the field of data mining, postgraduate students.
Forecasting economic time series
Time series data analysis using EViews
Nonlinear time series models in empirical finance
Applied time series analysis for business and economic forecasting
Advances in econometrics : Sixth World Congress. Vol. 1
Bayesian econometrics
A study in the analysis of stationary time series
Business cycle indicators and measures : a complete guide to interpreting the key economic indicators
Abstract: Underutilization and over demand of experts in services companies is both inefficient and costly; particularly in organizations that employ highly educated professionals, for example doctors and other healthcare workers. The need for accurate forecasting is therefore a crucial business priority. This Thesis develops a demand forecasting model for doctor's appointment at the city of Helsinki Occupational HealthCare Centre. The model is examined by applying it to doctor services at one of several business units at the centre. The study draws upon forecasting theory. Through benchmarking and current state analysis and historical analysis of the case company data the variables deemed to predict demand are identified. Three different forecasting models are then examined in order to test which is most appropriate to the context and best serves to forecast actual service demand. Given different demand trends over the period of a year, for example the seasonality found in the historical data, SPSS Statistics 19 Expert modeler was found to be the most appropriate model. The appropriateness of this model is tested by examining predicted demand and actual demand over a three month period, and by interviewing health care professionals in the case organization. The Thesis discusses the wider implications for practice. The limitations of the study are discussed; particularly with regard to the evaluation of further variables that might improve the model. Avenues for further study are presented.
Geometrically accurate time series of archived aerial images and airborne lidar data in a forest environment
Testing for granger-causality in the Finnish roundwood market
This thesis was done for Oulu University of Applied Sciences Sula project. In the thesis electricity consumption of a garage was examined using classic time series analysis and search for correlation between power consumption and difference between outside and inside temperatures. Also, forecasts were made for power consumption and thermal conductance by applying linear re-gression. In thesis’s context thermal conductance was defined as power con-sumption needed to increase the temperature difference between inside and outside air by one Celsius centigrade. The purpose was to find a programmable way to detect a broken heating device from increased electricity consumption. The program should be able to run au-tomatically on the Sula server. Using time series analysis, trend and irregular components were detected from the electricity consumption measurement. With coefficient of determination linear correlation between the energy consumption and temperature difference was proven. Power consumption forecast had the difference between outside and inside temperature as the explanatory variable. The forecast was good at comparing the last measured power consumption with certain temperature difference to average power consumption with the same temperature difference. The fore-cast was slow in adjusting to different kind of power consumption when used devices were changed, because the forecast method requires high number of observations. If the used devices would always be the same then this forecast method would be suitable for the purpose. Conductance forecasts were faster in adjusting when the used devices were changed, but it can also be a downside because if the forecast adjusts too fast, it’s useless detecting increased consumption. The adjusting speed is deter-mined by the number of observations used. With high number of observations the forecast doesn’t adjust too fast and is more suitable for the purpose.
Studies in the modelling of discrete time series
Estimating the long-run equilibrium relationship for the FIM/DEM exchange rate: a non-linear cointegration analysis
An introduction to time series modeling
This textbook gives a comprehensive introduction to stochastic processes and calculus in the fields of finance and economics, more specifically mathematical finance and time series econometrics. Over the past decades stochastic calculus and processes have gained great importance, because they play a decisive role in the modeling of financial markets and as a basis for modern time series econometrics. Mathematical theory is applied to solve stochastic differential equations and to derive limiting results for statistical inference on nonstationary processes. This introduction is elementary and rigorous at the same time. On the one hand it gives a basic and illustrative presentation of the relevant topics without using many technical derivations. On the other hand many of the procedures are presented at a technically advanced level: for a thorough understanding, they are to be proven. In order to meet both requirements jointly, the present book is equipped with a lot of challenging problems at the end of each chapter as well as with the corresponding detailed solutions. Thus the virtual text - augmented with more than 60 basic examples and 40 illustrative figures - is rather easy to read while a part of the technical arguments is transferred to the exercise problems and their solutions
Time-series
Introduction to statistical time series
Some tests based on moving average operations on time series
Quantitative forecasting methods
Modelling volatility by multiplicative decomposition of the variance
Periodically correlated random sequences : spectral theory and practice
State space modeling of time series
"Since the publication of his first book, Analysis of Financial Time Series, Ruey Tsay has become one of the most influential and prominent experts on the topic of time series. Different from the traditional and oftentimes complex approach to multivariate (MV) time series, this sequel book emphasizes structural specification, which results in simplified parsimonious VARMA modeling and, hence, eases comprehension. Through a fundamental balance between theory and applications, the book supplies readers with an accessible approach to financial econometric models and their applications to real-world empirical research. The book utilizes the freely available R software package to explore complex data and illustrate related computation and analyses in a user-friendly way. An author-maintained website features additional data sets in R, Matlab and Stata scripts so readers can create their own simulations and test their comprehension of the presented techniques"--
Practical handbook of remote sensing
A simple nonlinear time series model with misleading linear properties
Computing missing values in time series
Introduction to multiple time series analysis
Stochastic processes and calculus : an elementary introduction with applications
Time series analysis for the social sciences
Missing data methods: time-series methods and applications
Nonlinear time series analysis : methods and applications
New directions in time series analysis. 2
The econometric analysis of time series
Time series analysis : methods and applications
Time series analysis : theory and practice. 1 : Proceedings of the international conference held at Valencia, Spain, June 1981.
Time series analysis and forecasting
Modeling long-term price development by using time-series auto-regression and expert judgments
Prediction and interpolation of time series by state space models
The ARIMA and VARIMA time series : textbook
R&D-Based Endogenous Growth in Finland : A Comparative Study on the Semi-Endogenous and the Schumpeterian Growth Models
Econometric analysis of count data
Prediction and estimation in ARMA models
Analysis of financial time series : financial econometrics
Studies in integrated and cointegrated economic time series
Leading inflation indicators in Finland : pairwise analysis of Granger-causality and cointegration
On predictive causality in the statistical analysis of a series of events
Application of the exponential family state space model to mortality caused by alcoholic beverages
The Cartesian ARIMA search algorithm
The time series properties of accrual versus cash-based income variables
Spectral analysis of economic time series
Introduction to time series analysis and forecasting
Practical time series analysis using SAS
Bruno's model and its application
Time series and panel data econometrics
Solutions manual to accompany Introduction to time series analysis and forecasting
Time series analysis and applications
ARMA models and the Box Jenkins methodology
Testing the purchasing power parity hypothesis : a cointegrated VAR analysis for I(2) data
Market response models : econometric and time series analysis
Management of multi-scale forest resource data over time
Outliers in time series : a review
Multivariate analysis in marketing : theory and application
Time-series analysis : a comprehensive introduction for social scientists
The Friedman system : economic analysis of time series
Financial approach : evaluating the covariance matrix forecasts in the hypothetical exotic options market
On the estimation of the growth rate of the firm : a new formulation of the old problem in order to obtain more information from the time series data
Long memory in economics
The statistical analysis of time series
Diagnostic tests based on quantile residuals for nonlinear time series models
Trends in childbearing and nuptiality in Sweden: an update with data up to 2007
Detecting asset price bubbles with time-series methods
An extension of cointegration to fractional autoregressive processes
On linearity testing and model estimation in non-linear time series analysis
On robust ESACF identification of mixed ARIMA models
Spectral analysis : and its applications
RATS : handbook for econometric time series
Long-run economic relationships : readings in cointegration
Applied time series analysis
Foundations of time series analysis and prediction theory
Seasonality in regression
Summary.
"Time-series, or longitudinal, data are ubiquitous in the social sciences. Unfortunately, analysts often treat the time-series properties of their data as a nuisance rather than a substantively meaningful dynamic process to be modeled and interpreted. Time-Series Analysis for Social Sciences provides accessible, up-to-date instruction and examples of the core methods in time-series econometrics. Janet M. Box-Steffensmeier, John R. Freeman, Jon C. Pevehouse, and Matthew P. Hitt cover a wide range of topics including ARIMA models, time-series regression, unit-root diagnosis, vector autoregressive models, error-correction models, intervention models, fractional integration, ARCH models, structural breaks, and forecasting. This book is aimed at researchers and graduate students who have taken at least one course in multivariate regression. Examples are drawn from several areas of social science, including political behavior, elections, international conflict, criminology, and comparative political economy"--
Time series analysis concerns the mathematical modeling of time varying phenomena, e.g., ocean waves, water levels in lakes and rivers, demand for electrical power, radar signals, muscular reactions, ECG-signals, or option prices at the stock market. This book gives a comprehensive presentation of stochastic models and methods in time series analysis. The book treats stochastic vectors and both univariate and multivariate stochastic processes, as well as how these can be used to identify suitable models for various forms of observations. Furthermore, different approaches such as least squares, the prediction error method, and maximum likelihood are treated in detail, together with results on the Cram r-Rao lower bound, dictating the theoretically possible estimation accuracy. Residual analysis and prediction of stochastic models are also trated, as well as how one may form time-varying models, including the recursive least squares and the Kalman filter. The book discusses how to implement the various methods using Matlab, and several Matlab functions and data sets are provided with the book.
Aggregation of micro forecasts
Statistical inference in dynamic economic models
Singular spectrum analysis for time series
Multivariate time series analysis : with R and financial applications
"This text emphasizes nonlinear models for a course in time series analysis. After introducing stochastic processes, Markov chains, Poisson processes, and ARMA models, the authors cover functional autoregressive, ARCH, threshold AR, and discrete time series models as well as several complementary approaches. They discuss the main limit theorems for Markov chains, useful inequalities, statistical techniques to infer model parameters, and GLMs. Moving on to HMM models, the book examines filtering and smoothing, parametric and nonparametric inference, advanced particle filtering, and numerical methods for inference"--
Nonlinear times series : theory, methods and applications with R examples
Poverty, inequality and the Finnish 1860s famine
Forecasting non-stationary economic time series
The statistical analysis of series of events
Time series : modeling, computation, and inference
Chernobyl effects and dental insurance
The new Palgrave : time series and statistics
Time series analysis
Introduction to time series modeling
Spectral analysis and time series. 2, Multivariate series, prediction and control
Time series properties of aggregated AR(1) processes with uniformly distributed coefficients
QR-GARCH-M model for risk-return tradeoff in U.S. stock returns and business cycles
Essays on statistical testing using Wavelet methodologies
New findings in long-wave research
Introduction to state space time series analysis
Asymptotic theory of statistical inference for time series
Nonlinear modeling and forecasting : proceedings of the Workshop on Nonlinear Modeling and Forecasting held September, 1990 in Santa Fe, New Mexico
Macroeconometrics and time series analysis
Changes in the US healthcare landscape: from quantity to quality
Applied econometric time series
Spectral analysis and time series. 1, Univariate series
Developing a forecasting model for doctor's appointments in healthcare business
Forecasting, structural time series models and the Kalman filter
Time series analysis papers
Alcohol and criminal violence : time series analyses in a comparative perspective
The analysis of time series: an introduction
On the firm-specific and economy-wide effects on the time series financial ratio distributions
