http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22795 Moodle
Moodle
Science teaching with Moodle 2.0 : create interactive activities in Moodle to enhance your students' understanding and enjoyment of science
Using Moodle : [teaching with the popular open source course management system]
You've heard about the learning content management system with the funny name, and wondered if it's right for your students. This book explains Moodle and what you can do with it.
Understanding e-learning system users' post-adoption usage behavior and its outcomes : a Study of a Learning Management system
Moodle teaching techniques : creative ways to use Moodle for constructing online learning solutions
A Teaching Tool for the IEC 61850 Substation Configuration Language : Moodle Integration for Energy Technology ICT
Moodle course design best practices : learn the best practices to design and develop interactive and highly effective Moodle courses
Planning the Implementation of Moodle eLearning system in some African institutions
Moodle : E-learning course development : a complete guide to successful learning using Moodle
Using Moodle : teaching with the popular open source course management system
Moodle administration : an administrator's guide to configuring, securing, customizing, and extending Moodle
"This book describes how teachers can use Gamification design within the Moodle Learning Management System. Game elements can be included in course design by using, badges, rubrics, custom grading scales, forums, and conditional activities. Moodle courses do not have to be solo-learning experiences that replicate Distance Education models. The Gamification design process starts by profiling players and creating levels of achievement towards meeting learning outcomes. Each task is defined, valued, and sequenced. Motivation loops are devised to keep the momentum going. In a gaming studio, this approach would require a team of specialists with a large budget and time frames. Preparing for a class rarely has these optimal conditions. The approach used in this book is to introduce game elements into the course design gradually. First, apply gamification to just one lesson and then build up to gamifying a series of lessons over a term. Each example will indicate the difficulty level and time investment. Try it out to see what is most effective with your learners and choose wisely in your use of technology. By the end of this book, you will be able to create Moodle courses that incorporate choice, communication, challenge, and creativity." --
Analyzing and enhancing the image and content of online courses for non-Finnish students and non-Finnish courses at TAMK and amk.fi portal
Collaborative web-based course to learn military English vocabulary on the FDFMoodle platform : how can collaboration based on the KATRIKS-model in military pedagogy be integrated into the course?
Moodle 1.9. for design and technology : Support and enhance food technology, product design, resistance materials, construction, and the built environment using the Moodle VLE
Moodle 2.0 first look : discover what's new in Moodle 2.0, how the new features work, and how it will impact you
Moodle 2.0 e-learning course development : a complete guide to succesful learning using Moodle
Using Moodle to provide added value in the teaching of a software development course
Planning the implementation of Moodle eLearning system in some African institutions
Moodle 1.9 math : integrate interactive math presentations, incorporate Flash games, build feature-rich quizzes, set online tests, and monitor student progress using the Moodle e-learning platform
A language didactic case study of multiform teaching and studying of Swedish at Helsinki University Langaueg Centre.
Moodle 3.x teaching techniques : creative ways to build powerful and effective online courses with Moodle 3.0
Moodle for Dummies
Gamification with Moodle : use game elements in Moodle courses to build learner resilience and motivation
