http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22767 Berlin Wall
Berlin Wall
Burned bridge : how East and West Germans made the Iron Curtain
Berlin now : the rise of the city and the fall of the wall
Behind the Berlin wall : East Germany and the frontiers of power
Divided city, the Berlin Wall : photos and facts, personal accounts, traces today
The fall of the Berlin wall
Breakthrough
"When the Berlin Wall opened unexpectedly on November 9, 1989, it marked a rupture of global significance. For Germany's national history the event has become, next to the defeat of 1945, the most significant date in collective memory. For Cold War Europe the Berlin Wall represented a symbol of border crisis and of difference and division. This interdisciplinary volume addresses multiple consequences of the fall of the Wall: looking back at the physical barrier, its demise, and how it has been mediated in film and television; detailing the processes of restoring and revitalizing the city and the country that had been torn asunder; recognizing the new challenges of integrating socially and politically old and new minorities; and identifying how a new European identity may emerge "after the Wall." The anthology is targeted at scholars and advanced students in history, German studies, sociology, art history, and related fields"--
Remembering and rethinking the GDR : multiple perspectives and plural authenticities
The wall : the people's story
Symbolic places in Berlin before and after the fall of the wall
The German wall : fallout in Europe
1989 the Berlin Wall : my part in its downfall
TRUE WAR  & COMBAT STORIES. In the summer of 1962, one year after the rise of the Berlin Wall, a group of daring young West Germans risked prison, Stasi torture and even death to liberate friends, lovers, and strangers in East Berlin by digging tunnels under the Wall. Then, as the world's press heard about the secret projects, two television networks raced to be the first to document them from the inside, funding two separate tunnels for exclusive rights to film the escapes. In response, President John F. Kennedy and his administration, wary of anything that might raise tensions and force a military confrontation with the Soviets, maneuvered to quash both documentaries.
The changes that followed the fall of the Berlin Wall in November 1989 were particularly dramatic for East Germans. With the German Democratic Republic effectively taken over by West Germany in the reunification process, nothing in their lives was immune from change and upheaval: from the way they voted, the newspapers they read, to the brand of butter they bought. But what was it really like to go from living under communism one minute, to capitalism the next? What did the East Germans make of capitalism? And how do they remember the GDR today? Are their memories dominated by fear and loathin.
The year that changed the world : the untold story behind the fall of the Berlin Wall
Cold war : for 45 years the world held its breath
The Berlin Wall
This book shows how the leaders of the USA, Soviet Union, Europe (East and West), and China viewed the world in the aftermath of the fall of the Berlin Wall. Newly available records reveal what political leaders thought of the shattering, and largely unforeseen, events as they unfolded. Four leading scholars: Melvyn P. Leffler (US); Chen Jian (China); James J. Sheehan (Europe); and William Taubman (Soviet Union) reflect on the story and search for the lasting meaning of 1989.
Death at the Berlin Wall
The Berlin wall and inner-German border, 1945-1990
Berlin : coming in from the cold
Tales of real escape
"Written by a leading historian of urban visual culture, Janet Ward's Post-Wall Berlin: Borders, Space and Identity demonstrates how the reunified German capital, in its bid to overcome its legacy of Cold-War division, has faced many new frontiers and boundaries on social, economic, architectural and infrastructural levels"--Provided by publisher.
An archaeology of the Iron Curtain : material and metaphor
Berlin 1961 : Kennedy, Khrushchev, and the most dangerous place on earth
The fall of the Berlin Wall : the revolutionary legacy of 1989
Born in the GDR : life in the shadow of the wall
The Berlin wall book
The fall of the Berlin Wall
Behind the Berlin Wall : East Germany and the frontiers of power
Kennedy, Khrushchev, and the Berlin-Cuba crisis 1961-1964
Walls, borders, boundaries : spatial and cultural practices in Europe
Based on a new documents and interviews, this work is a look at the Berlin Crisis of 1961, with powerful applications for the present. In June 1961, Nikita Khrushchev called it "the most dangerous place on earth." He knew what he was talking about. Much has been written about the Cuban Missile Crisis a year later, but the Berlin Crisis of 1961 was more decisive in shaping the Cold War, and more perilous. For the first time in history, American and Soviet fighting men and tanks stood arrayed against each other, only yards apart. One mistake, one overzealous commander, and the trip wire would be sprung for a war that would go nuclear in a heartbeat. On one side was a young, untested U.S. president still reeling from the Bay of Pigs disaster. On the other, a Soviet premier hemmed in by the Chinese, the East Germans, and hard liners in his own government. Neither really understood the other, both tried cynically to manipulate events. And so, week by week, the dangers grew.
Die Mauer : Monument des Jahrhunderts = Monument of the century
Examines "Burned Bridge," the intersection between two sister cities in East and West Germany, and reveals how the daily adjustments of anxious residents shaped the barrier that divided them.
The Berlin wall : 13 August 1961 - 9 November 1989
Kennedy and the Berlin Wall : "a hell of a lot better than a war"
Post-wall Berlin : borders, space and identity
Tearing down the curtain : the people's revolution in Eastern Europe by a team from The Observer
Stasi child
The Berlin Wall : representations and perspectives
The tunnels : the untold story of the escapes under the Berlin Wall
The collapse : the accidental opening of the Berlin wall
The lost graffiti of Berlin : the writing on the wall
The collection of essays presented in "The Berlin Wall" offers reflections on the Berlin Wall (1961-1989) from a wealth of interdisciplinary and international perspectives. The studies of literary and cultural texts - many not easily accessible to the English-speaking public - present the Wall as one of the most powerful phenomena and as a visible and decipherable text of twentieth-century life in the heart of Germany. Literary interpretations, cultural studies, and historical investigations combine to shed light on the -life- of the Wall as a key indicator of the paradoxes, contradictions, and complexities of Germany's history of division. The role of the Berlin Wall in the British espionage novel is investigated, as well as the overt and covert use of literary imagery referring to the Wall by German authors in their poetry, stories, novels, and plays in both the FRG and the GDR. Several essays concentrate on the representation of the Wall in popular culture, in contemporary songs, in the cinema, and even through the graffiti on the Wall itself. The final section focuses on the fall of the Wall and its aftermath. Although physically removed, the Berlin Wall will continue to live on in history and in the pages of this anthology as a symbol of the struggle between the most powerful ideologies of the twentieth century..
