http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22722 reactions to stress
reactions to stress
Posttraumatic stress symptoms among school personnel after the Jokela school shooting : a longitudinal study of exposure, interventions, and symptom changes
This revised edition of Attachment, Trauma and Multiplicity investigates the still unaddressed and unexplored subject of Dissociative Identity Disorder. With brand new chapters on police work and attachment theory it has been fully updated to include new research and the latest understanding of patterns of attachment theory that lead to dissociation. With contributions from psychotherapists, psychiatrists, psychoanalysts and service users this book covers the background history and a description of the condition along with the issues of diagnoses and treatment. It also looks at: the phenomenon of DID the conflicting models of the human mind that have been found to try and understand DID the political conflict over the subject including problems for the police clinical accounts and personal writing of people with DID.
The hummingbird : A Novel
Preferential processing : a factor with implications : personality traits as explanatory factors
Experiences of adult immigrants with posttraumatic stress disorder : challenges for nurses when providing evidence-based nursing care
Psychosis, trauma and dissociation : emerging perspectives on severe psychopathology
Post-traumatic stress disorder
At war with yourself
9th Psychiatric Summer School : how stress influences musculoskeletal disorders : 21.8. - 22.8.2008
Speaking the unspeakable
When the body says no : exploring the stress-disease connection
Something old, something new: disorders specifically associated with stress in the ICD 11th revision
Professional driving : an emphasis on organizational safety climate
Emotion and memory in development : biological, cognitive, and social considerations
How to deal with stress
Post-traumatic stress disorder : basic science and clinical practice
A casebook of cognitive therapy for traumatic stress reactions
Clinician's guide to PTSD : a cognitive-behavioral approach
Impacts of human development and activity on reindeer and caribou habitat use
The handbook of posttraumatic growth : research and practice
Irritable bowel syndrome in the general population : epidemiology, comorbidity, and societal costs
The PTSD workbook : simple, effective techniques for overcoming traumatic stress symptoms
Traumatic stress disorders
Evolution and posttraumatic stress : disorders of vigilance and defence
Grounded in research and accumulated clinical wisdom, this book describes a range of ways to integrate mindfulness and other contemplative practices into clinical work with trauma survivors. The volume showcases treatment approaches that can be tailored to this population's needs, such as mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR), acceptance and commitment therapy (ACT), dialectical behavior therapy (DBT), mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT), and mindful self-compassion (MSC), among others. Featuring vivid case material, the book explores which elements of contemplative traditions support recovery and how to apply them safely. Neurobiological foundations of mindfulness-oriented work are examined. Treatment applications are illustrated for specific trauma populations, such as clients with chronic pain, military veterans, and children and adolescents.
Physiological and emotional stress reactions : the effects of temperament and exhaustion
When Trauma and Recovery was first published in 1992, it was hailed as a groundbreaking work. In the intervening years, Herman's volume has changed the way we think about and treat traumatic events and trauma victims. In a new afterword, Herman chronicles the incredible response the book has elicited and explains how the issues surrounding the topic have shifted within the clinical community and the culture at large.Trauma and Recovery brings a new level of understanding to a set of problems usually considered individually. Herman draws on her own cutting-edge research in domestic violence as well as on the vast literature of combat veterans and victims of political terror, to show the parallels between private terrors such as rape and public traumas such as terrorism. The book puts individual experience in a broader political frame, arguing that psychological trauma can be understood only in a social context. Meticulously documented and frequently using the victims' own words as well as those from classic literary works and prison diaries, Trauma and Recovery is a powerful work that will continue to profoundly impact our thinking.
Attachment, trauma, and multiplicity : working with dissociative identity disorder
Stress and trauma
Trauma and recovery
Coping with chronic stress
Counselling and therapy with refugees : psychological problems of victims of war, torture and repression
Therapist's guide to posttraumatic stress disorder intervention
Experiences of adult immigrants with posttraumatic stress disorder – challenges for nurses when providing evidence-based nursing care
How stress influences musculoskeletal disorders : 9th Physiatric Summer School, 21.8. - 22.8.2008
Acid test : LSD, Ecstasy, and the power to heal
Understanding trauma and resilience
"Humans are remarkably resilient in the face of crises, traumas, disabilities, attachment losses and ongoing adversities. To date, most research in the field of traumatic stress has focused on neurobiological, psychological and social factors associated with trauma-related psychopathology and deficits in psychosocial functioning. Far less is known about resilience to stress and healthy adaptation to stress and trauma. This book brings together experts from a broad array of scientific fields whose research has focused on adaptive responses to stress. Each of the five sections in the book examines the relevant concepts, spanning from factors that contribute to and promote resilience, to populations and societal systems in which resilience is employed, to specific applications and contexts of resilience and interventions designed to better enhance resilience. This will be suitable for clinicians and researchers who are interested in resilience across the lifespan and in response to a wide variety of stressors"--Provided by publisher.
Much of what we know about the subject of coping is based on human behavior and cognition during times of crisis and transition. Yet the alarms and upheavals of life comprise only a portion of those experiences that call for adaptive efforts. There remains a vast array of life situations and conditions that pose continuing hardship and threat and do not promise resolution. These chronic stressors issue in part from persistently difficult life circumstances, roles, and burdens, and in part from the conversion of traumatic events into persisting adjustment challenges. Indeed, there is growing recognition of the fact that many traumatic experiences leave a long-lasting emotional residue. Whether or not coping with chronic problems differs in form, emphasis, or function from the ways people handle acute life events and transitions is one of the central issues taken up in these pages. This volume explores the varied circumstances and experiences that give rise to chronic stress, as well as the ways in which individuals adapt to and accommodate them. It addresses a number of substantive and methodological questions that have been largely overlooked or sidelined in previous inquiries on the stress and coping process.
The role of occupational therapy in treating school-aged children with a diagnosis of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) as perceived by paediatric occupational therapists
One nation under stress : the trouble with stress as an idea
Thank you for your service
Honoring differences : cultural issues in the treatment of trauma and loss
The body keeps the score : mind, brain and body in the transformation of trauma
Psychophysiological aspects of stress, health and well-being : studies on teleworking women and men
Mindfulness-Oriented Interventions for Trauma : Integrating Contemplative Practices
Veterans' experiences of Iraq war and Afghanistan war and Influences on Post Traumatic Stress Disorder symptoms after deployment : a systematic literature review
Cold cold heart
Individual differences in response to psychological challenge : a study of the effects of EGF A61G and ApoE genetic polymorphisms and temperamental characteristics
Trauma releasing exercises (TRE) : a revolutionary new method for stress and  trauma recovery
Work-related crisis exposure, psychological trauma and PTSD in news journalists
A hard day's night : the aftermath of psychological trauma in Grey's Anatomy
Recovery of yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae after thermal insult
Workplace trauma : concepts, assessment, and interventions
Treatment of stress response syndromes
Ultraviolet B radiation induced alterations in immune function of fish : in relation to habitat preference and disease resistance
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
Resilience and mental health : challenges across the lifespan
Plant Stress Biology : from Genomics to Systems Biology
Balancing : cancer from a primary care perspective : diagnosis, posttraumatic stress, and end-of-life care
Soldier from the War Returning: The Greatest Generation's Troubled Homecoming from World War II
Treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder in special populations : a cognitive restructuring program
Trauma and the body : a sensorimotor approach to psychotherapy
Ion channels and plant stress responses
Offers a new framework for understanding and raising children based on self-regulation -- the process by which a child (or indeed a parent) can get 'in the zone' -- a receptive state of calm alertness that allows you to approach any task in a state of balance. Learning the art of self-regulation can help children learn to deal with experiences, overcome frustration, learn to pay better attention, control impulses, engage better with others and learn about the world. Hundreds of thousands of children who have gone through the programme have shown significant improvement in literacy, numeracy and behaviour. Now, his groundbreaking research is being published for the first time in this timely and practical guide for parents.
Posttraumatic stress disorder : scientific and professional dimensions
The masked truth
Prevalence and pretrauma risk factors of stress disorders : a prospective cohort study of 66,870 Finnish public sector employees
Self-reg : how to help your child (and you) break the stress cycle and successfully engage with life
Women's burnout : how to spot it, how to reverse it and how to prevent it
Treating post-traumatic stress disorder : a handbook and practice manual for therapy
The poppy factory
In Soldier from War Returning , historian Thomas Childers shatters that myth. Interweaving the intimate stories of three families - including his own - he reveals the true cost of the war. Alcoholism, homelessness, and unemployment were rampant, leading to domestic violence and a skyrocketing divorce rate. Hundreds of thousands of soldiers were diagnosed with psychoneurotic disorders (now known as PTSD). Though many veterans bounced back, others were haunted for decades afterward; some never fully recovered. Novelistic in its telling and impeccably researched, Childers' book is a stark reminder that the price of war is unimaginably high, and the toll can stretch across generations.
The trauma spectrum : hidden wounds and human resiliency
The " BASIC Ph" model of coping and resiliency : theory, research and cross-cultural application
Perpetration-induced traumatic stress : the psychological consequences of killing
The memory illusion : remembering, forgetting, and the science of false memory
Stress, trauma, and posttraumatic growth : social context, environment, and identities
Stop the stress in schools : mental health strategies teachers can use to build a kinder, gentler classroom
Effective treatments for PTSD : practical guidelines from the International Society for Traumatic Stress Studies
Abnormal psychology and modern life
Post-traumatic stress disorders : concepts and therapy
Embitterment : societal, psychological, and clinical perspectives
Aging and post-traumatic stress disorder
Searching to be found : understanding and helping adopted and looked after children with attention difficulties
Repetitive and monotonous work among women : psychophysiological and subjective stress reactions, muscle activity and neck and shoulder pain
Little black lies
Abstract.
Overcoming traumatic stress : a self-help guide using cognitive behavioral techniques
Brief treatments for the traumatized : a project of the Green Cross Foundation
Essential papers on posttraumatic stress disorder
The posttraumatic self : restoring meaning and wholeness to personality
Effects of training background to acute psychological stress biomarkers
Stress - from molecules to behavior : a comprehensive analysis of the neurobiology of stress responses
The child's own story : life story work with traumatised children
Understanding and assessing trauma in children and adolescents : measures, methods, and youth in context
Renata Ghali believed in Lee Suh-Mi's vision of a world far beyond Earth, calling to humanity. A planet promising to reveal the truth about our place in the cosmos, untainted by overpopulation, pollution, and war. Ren believed in that vision enough to give up everything to follow Suh-Mi into the unknown. More than twenty-two years have passed since Ren and the rest of the faithful braved the starry abyss and established a colony at the base of an enigmatic alien structure where Suh-Mi has since resided, alone. All that time, Ren has worked hard as the colony's 3-D printer engineer, creating the tools necessary for human survival in an alien environment, and harboring a devastating secret. Ren continues to perpetuate the lie forming the foundation of the colony for the good of her fellow colonists, despite the personal cost. Then a stranger appears, far too young to have been part of the first planetfall, a man who bears a remarkable resemblance to Suh-Mi. The truth Ren has concealed since planetfall can no longer be hidden. And its revelation might tear the colony apart.
The Revolutionary trauma release process : transcend your toughest times
Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis : the untold story
Narrative exposure therapy : a short-term treatment for traumatic stress disorders
Torture and its consequences : current treatment approaches
Crisis intervention strategies
Sense of coherence as a buffer against crisis management veteran's stress
Trauma, culture and metaphors : universal pathways of coping, transformation and intergration
