http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22750 architectural education
architectural education built environment education
Soundings for architecture : children and architectural education
The shape of towns
Art and beyond : Finnish approaches to aesthetics
The competent teacher 2010-2020 : the competences of teaching staff in upper secondary vocational education and training : final report
Architecture education for children : community school district six, New York City 1986-1989
Knowledge under construction : the importance of play in developing children's spatial and geometric thinking
Discovering architecture : civic education in architecture in Finland : report
How designers think : the design process demystified
The handbook of design for sustainability
The ABC of architecture, 2, Basic concepts
Design for a complex world : [challenges in practice and education]
Cultural research in Europe 1996
Alvar Aalto architect. [Volume 16], Jyväskylä University, 1951-71
All colour book of art nouveau
Alvar Aalto architect. Volume 16, Jyväskylä University 1951–71
Playce : architecture education for children and young people
Challenges in Practice and Education is founded on the belief that the forces of globalisation that have affected design practice for decades have, in recent years, manifested themselves in design education as well. The book brings together authors, practitioners and educators from ten countries across six continents, Australia, East Germany, the UK, the US, Mexico, Hong Kong, Finland, Central India, Greece and South Africa. Each contributor addresses radical design, architecture, art and politics and offers an overview of the socio-cultural and economic factors that affect the built environment in their particular region of the world. They discuss how the practices of architecture, interior design, planning and landscape architecture interact with these forces but, equally as importantly, how design education does the same. The contributions reveal that the issues that challenge us are more than just aesthetic. As concerns increase about the impacts of global environmental change, we are becoming increasingly aware that we struggle to understand the unique ecology and complex diverse cultures which characterise different cities. These, from a landscape architecture perspective, can be seen to be influenced by climate change, technological change, diminishing resources, pollution, water quality, energy sources and population dynamics. To respond to such challenges requires exploring new models of urbanism and place-making which encompass local perspectives and knowledge. It is clear that ‘one size fits all’ approaches will not do. Design for a Complex Worldpoints to the need to develop aesthetic and compositional ability together with the acquisition of technical and design knowledge. This may well require combined courses in town and country planning, urban design, architecture, interior design, landscape and environmental design.
Icon to cartoon : a tribute to Sixten Ringbom
Diving in and stepping back : exploring the object in environmental art
Art education : content and practice in a postmodern era
Learn for life : new architecture for new learning
Elephant city rising!
Early childhood services : theory, policy and practice
