http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22706 romances (love affair)
romances (love affair)
William & Kate : a royal love story
The week I ruined my life
Just before dawn
The royal mess
Perfect image
Invitation to the Royal Wedding : a celebration of the engagement of Hrh Prince William of Wales to Miss Catherine Middleton
The lucky ones : a bright young things novel
Shadow of the mark
The lost key
The stylist
The gardener
Romance revived : postmodern romances and the tradition
A lesson in love : a little village school novel
Carrier of the mark
Breaking point
The second deadly sin
The dragon arcana
Enchanted
The royal pain
Take a look at me now
The end game
'The forlorn heroine of a terribly sad life story' : romance in the journals of L. M. Montgomery
Princess Winter is admired by the Lunar people for her grace and kindness, and despite the scars that mar her face, her beauty is said to be even more breathtaking than that of Queen Levana, her stepmother. Winter despises her stepmother, and knows Levana won't approve of her feelings for her childhood friend Jacin, the handsome palace guard. But Winter is not as weak as Levana believes her to be and she has been undermining her stepmother's wishes for years. Together with Cinder, the cyborg mechanic, and her allies, Winter might even have the power to launch a revolution and win a war that's been raging for far too long. Can Cinder, Scarlet, Cress, and Winter defeat Levana and find their happily ever afters?
Matilda's wedding
The end of the affair
A natural history of the romance novel
Ticket to Love
The chance
Gender/tourism/fun(?)
Something fresh
Vicky Cristina Barcelona
My mistress's sparrow is dead : great love stories, from Chekhov to Munro
Taloussosiologian monet kasvot = The many faces of economic sociology
The marble faun; or, The romance of Monte Beni
Nagisa risks it all in an attempt to take down the mastermind behind the biological attack on his classmates. After the dust settles, Koro Sensei gives his all to ignite summer romance between his students. Turns out their English teacher Ms. Jelavitch has her sights on someone...and everyone wants to help her get her target--er, the man of her dreams. Then, back at school, one of the students defects from the 3-E ranks for all the wrong reasons. How will they win him back before he inflicts irrevocable damage on them all?
Sofia Khan is not obliged
The scam
Language and desire : encoding sex, romance and intimacy
Catching the tide
The rest of us just live here
"The forlorn heroine of a terribly sad life story" : romance in the journals of L. M. Montgomery
The red coffin
The girl in the yellow vest
The royal treatment
Lady Sophia's lover
Redemption song
Menolly, an acrobat-turned-vampire and operative for the Otherworld Intelligence Agency, must finally confront her sire, Dredge, who, in partnership with the demon Shadow Wing, is turning humans into newborn vampires.
Love stories : language, private love, and public romance in Georgia
Countdown
The one plus one
Assassination classroom. 9, A shocking time
The Alchemist in the shadows
The woman who fell in love for a week
The crime writer
All the possibilities
The last banquet
"In Melville in Love Pulitzer Prize-finalist Michael Shelden sheds light on this literary mystery to tell a story of Melville's passionate, obsessive, and clandestine affair with a married woman named Sarah Morewood, whose libertine impulses encouraged and sustained Melville's own. In his research, Shelden discovered unexplored documents suggesting that, in their shared resistance to the "iron rule" of social conformity, Sarah and Melville had forged an illicit and enduring romantic and intellectual bond. Emboldened by the thrill of courting Sarah in secret, the pleasure of falling in love, and the excitement of spending time with literary luminaries--like Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes and Nathaniel Hawthorne--Melville found the courage to take the leap from light works of adventure to the hugely brilliant, utterly subversive Moby-Dick."--Jacket flap.
Melville in love : the secret life of Herman Melville and the muse of Moby-Dick
A bad boy can be good for a girl
Josie, Nicolette, and Aviva all get mixed up with a senior boy who can talk them into doing almost anything he wants. In a blur of high school hormones and personal doubt, each girl struggles with how much to give up and what ultimately to keep for herself.
