http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2274 sub-regional units
sub-regional units
By the rivers : the cultural and nature tourism route of Oulu Arc, Ii-Kuivaniemi-Pudasjärvi-Utajärvi-Yli-Ii-Ylikiiminki
Knowledge and innovation subsidies as engines for growth : the competitiveness of Finnish regions
Against all odds : rural community in the information age
Dead souls : a poem
The village of waiting
English summary.
The effects of aggregate fluctuations on regional economic disparities in Finland
Reconstituting rurality : class, community and power in the development process
And the mountains echoed
Regional economic repercussions of an economic crisis : a sectoral analysis
OECD/IMHE : supporting the contribution of higher education institutions to regional development : self-evaluation report of the Jyväskylä region in Finland
Communities as factors of social geography : the Finnish rural settlements in the vicinity of Thunder Bay, Ontario
Rural areas around the world are facing serious problems today such as aging and population decline due to loss of employment opportunities and services. Many rural areas have turned to tourism in search of a better future and it has revealed its potential to sustain rural communities by providing significant income and opportunities. However, poorly managed tourism development can also destroy rural communities, which are extremely fragile to rapid social changes. The theoretical framework of this thesis is based on literature, examining the principles of rural tourism, sustainability and the importance of social sustainability in the development and management of rural tourism. The aim of this thesis is to evaluate the potential of tourism as a socially sustainable tool for rural development, specifically in the Tampere Region. A specific focus is on Hiking Travel Hit Company; opened in 1992. It focuses on nature and rural tourism, event organizing and wilderness training. The Tampere region is growing very rapidly and it is obtaining many benefits from the changes in the tourism sector. However, little research has been conducted on how tourism has actually socially affected the community. The aim is to evaluate whether this kind of development can sustain the rural community and the entrepreneurs in a socially sustainable manner and thus whether it could be further adopted in other rural areas in the future. And can it provide the desired benefits to the tourism entrepreneurs? The empirical part of this thesis consists of some interviews and a small comparison between the organizations in various municipalities working for the development of tourism. The interviews were conducted in October 2009. The results reveal that entrepreneurs who have been living in the rural communities and then started tourism as a business have not gained many benefits from the tourism but they noticed the increased incomes from tourism development and they put great value to it. The villagers and entrepreneurs also perceive better infrastructure and built environment as major positive impacts of tourism, whereas increased traffic, noise and air pollution as negative impacts. According to this study tourism can be used as a socially sustainable tool for rural development. However, careful management, balancing and community involvement are required. The needs and opinions of local inhabitants and the entrepreneurs need to be taken into account in all tourism planning and social impacts need to be proactively assessed.
Sustainable urban waste management: analysis of untapped bio-energy resources of Lagos metropolis
By the rivers : the cultural and nature tourism route of Oulu Arc
Hidden France : an insider's guide to the most beautiful villages
An Indian village through letters and pictures
"This book is the first comprehensive treatment of the 'small politics' of rural communities in the Late Roman world. It places the diverse fates of those communities within a generalized model for exploring rural social systems. Fundamentally, social interactions in rural contexts in the period revolved around the desire of individual households to insure themselves against catastrophic subsistence failure and the need of the communities in which they lived to manage the attendant social tensions, inequalities and conflicts. A focus upon the politics of reputation in those communities provides a striking contrast to the picture painted by the legislation and the writings of Rome's literate elite: when viewed from the point of view of the peasantry, issues such as the Christianization of the countryside, the emergence of new types of patronage relations, and the effects of the new system of taxation upon rural social structures take on a different aspect"--
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
Participatory mapping and geographical patterns of the social landscape values of rural communities in Zanzibar, Tanzania
Theory, practice, and community development
Dead souls
Juurista ammentaen = Vitality : from the root up
Towards a successful environmental policy in the municipalities and regions : indicator and indexes as an assessment tool
Abstract: Social exclusion in Finnish urban regions : area differences and effects of the social environment in the 1990's.
Lost in the knowledge society? : a knowledge society strategy for Southwest Finland
The differentiated countryside
Aspects on the Development of Finnish Rural Commercial and Communal Centers; Case Study : A General Development Plan of the New Vääksy Commercial Center in Asikkala, Finland
Rural-urban policy effects on the regional economies of South Ostrobothnia and North Karelia
The country church : a guide for the renewal of rural Christianity
The development of cooperatives and other rural organizations : the role of the World Bank
Helsinki stats : a statistical view of the capital region : 1996.
Red snow
Lost and found in Russia : encounters in the deep heartland
"This book is aimed at filling that gap. In the process, it seeks to reconnect the agrarian history of the ancient Mediterranean world with agrarian histories of other periods and other regions. I do this on the assumption that all parties might have useful insights to offer each other on questions of common interest, and with the intention of exploring certain problems that have become politically or philosophically fraught in contemporary contexts"--
Constructing an index for regional competitiveness
From heaven to earth : images and experiences of development in China
Learning cities, learning regions, learning communities : lifelong learning and local government
Abstract (3 s.).
Rural financial services and effects of microfinance on agricultural productivity and on poverty
Between memory and reality : family and community in rural Wisconsin, 1870-1970
Proceedings of the 4th Finnish-Estonian Seminar on Underwater Optics with Applications : Lammi, 22-24 April 1997
Abstract.
Constructing communities in the late Roman countryside
Ländliche Gesellschaft europäischer Peripherien = Rural society of European peripheries
Raseborg : a town in the making
Die Fakultät für Architektur und Raumplanung = The Faculty of Architecture and Planning
Top expertise and business development in the Tampere region
Organisational change and how it was perceived in the Hämeenlinna Regional Environmental Authority : a critical appraisal of current change management practice in the business environment of the early 21st century
People attach commonly approved social values subjectively to landscape. These values vary spatially and can be studied in geographical context. In sustainable management of cultural landscapes, social values should be taken into account as professionally as the analysis of physical landscape features. This case study applies participatory and GIS techniques in the mapping and geographical analysis of social landscape values in a multifunctional cultural landscape in Zanzibar island, Tanzania. Social landscape data were collected with single-informant interviews using participatory GIS (PGIS) techniques. Four different social landscape values (subsistence, traditional, aesthetic and leisure) were mapped on an orthophotoimage individually by 149 informants. Data were spatially and statistically analysed to construct understanding of the community level patterns of the social landscape values. Results show geographical differences between individually and collectively held values in their distribution and clustering across the landscape. These patterns reflect local culture and its interpretation of different social landscape values. Results address the importance of local stakeholder participation when spatial planning and management of multifunctional cultural landscapes are realized. The paper discusses these management implication and methodological challenges of using participatory GIS techniques in studying cultural landscapes.
Living industrial past : perspectives to industrial history in the Tampere region
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Evolving polycentricities : the development of urban spatial structure in Finnish urban regions
Socially sustainable tourism : a tool for rural development
Migration, small municipalities and the transition in the forms of social capital
Columbus was an immigrant too : guide for immigrants`living in Salo
Helsingin seudun tilastot 1993 = Statistik för Helsingforsregionen 1993 = Statistics for the Helsinki region 1993
Good practices for implementing the youth guarantee in the Turku Region
Social workers’ interpretations of generalist social work in rural areas
Working with rural communities
International business
Golden age : a novel
Virtual regions? : a web site based comparison of Finnish and Norwegian inter-municipal ICT partnerships
Vocational training needs in rural communities
