http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22794 self
self
Ricoeur : a guide for the perplexed
What is the quality of your management? : ISO 9004:2009 : self-assessment work book : what separetes successful from the average?
Trends in suicidality in Eastern Finland, 1988-1997
The selfhood of the human person
Selfless persons : imagery and thought in Theravāda Buddhism
Neurosociology : the nexus between neuroscience and social psychology
The phenomenal self
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
Jan-Melissa Schramm explores the conflicted attitude of the Victorian novel to sacrifice, and the act of substitution on which it depends. The Christian idea of redemption celebrated the suffering of the innocent: to embrace a life of metaphorical self-sacrifice was to follow in the footsteps of Christ's literal Passion. Moreover, the ethical agenda of fiction relied on the expansion of sympathy which imaginative substitution was seen to encourage. But Victorian criminal law sought to calibrate punishment and culpability as it repudiated archaic models of sacrifice that scapegoated the innocent. The tension between these models is registered creatively in the fiction of novelists such as Dickens, Gaskell and Eliot, at a time when acts of Chartist protest, national sacrifices made during the Crimean War, and the extension of the franchise combined to call into question what it means for one man to 'stand for', and perhaps even 'die for', another.
Me and my English : a material package promoting self-assessment in the primary school
Managing processes in your professional service enterprise - EFQM 2010 : self-assessment work book
Kinship, community, and self : essays in honor of David Warren Sabean
The emergence of reflexivity in Greek language and thought : from Homer to Plato and beyond
"In this book Ronnie Solan traces the way that early psychic development from birth up to three years is reflected throughout our lifespan, including adulthood, couplehood and parenthood."--
Self-consciousness and the critique of the subject : Hegel, Heidegger, and the poststructuralists
Subliminal : how your unconscious mind rules your behavior
What if this is heaven? : how our cultural myths prevent us from experiencing heaven on earth
In a boundary-crossing and globalizing world, the personal and social positions in self and identity become increasingly dense, heterogeneous and even conflicting. In this handbook scholars of different disciplines, nations and cultures (East and West) bring together their views and applications of dialogical self theory in such a way that deeper commonalities are brought to the surface. As a 'bridging theory', dialogical self theory reveals unexpected links between a broad variety of phenomena, such as self and identity problems in education and psychotherapy, multicultural identities, child-rearing practices, adult development, consumer behaviour, the use of the internet and the value of silence. Researchers and practitioners present different methods of investigation, both qualitative and quantitative, and also highlight applications of dialogical self theory.
The practices of the self
After Dionysus : a theory of the tragic
The magic of thinking big
"David Warren Sabean was a pioneer in the historical-anthropological study of kinship, community, and selfhood in early modern and modern Europe. His career has helped shape the discipline of history through his supervision of dozens of graduate students and his influence on countless other scholars. This book collects wide-ranging essays demonstrating the impact of Sabean's work has on scholars of diverse time periods and regions, all revolving around the prominent issues that have framed his career: kinship, community, and self. The significance of David Warren Sabean's scholarship is reflected in original research contributed by former students and essays written by his contemporaries, demonstrating Sabean's impact on the discipline of history"--Provided by publisher.
Because emotion is assumed to depend on subjectivity, the "death of the subject" described in recent years by theorists such as Derrida, de Man, and Deleuze would also seem to mean the death of feeling. This revolutionary work transforms the burgeoning interdisciplinary debate on emotion by suggesting, instead, a positive relation between the "death of the subject" and the very existence of emotion. Reading the writings of Derrida and de Man--theorists often seen as emotionally contradictory and cold--Terada finds grounds for construing emotion as nonsubjective. This project offers fresh interpretations of deconstruction's most important texts, and of Continental and Anglo-American philosophers from Descartes to Deleuze and Dennett. At the same time, it revitalizes poststructuralist theory by deploying its methodologies in a new field, the philosophy of emotion, to reach a startling conclusion: if we really were subjects, we would have no emotions at all. Engaging debates in philosophy, literary criticism, psychology, and cognitive science from a poststructuralist and deconstructive perspective, Terada's work is essential for the renewal of critical thought in our day.
Self-relations in the psychotherapy process
Believe, ask, act : divine steps to raise your intuition, create change, and discover happiness
Self : introduction
I want to do it by myself!
New autonomy for Finnish universities : a consideration of autonomy through six fundamental questions
The identity of the self
Not-self (Anattâ) and mysticism
Milton's peculiar grace : self-representation and authority
The recovery
"Twins Talk is an ethnographic study of identical twins in the United States, a study unique in that it considers what twins have to say about themselves, instead of what researchers have written about them. It presents, in the first person, the grounded and practical experiences of twins as they engage, both individually and together, the "who am I" and "who are we" questions of life. Here, the twins themselves are the stars. Dona Lee Davis conducted conversational interviews with twenty-two sets of identical twins attending the Twins Days Festival in Twinsburg, Ohio, the largest such gathering in the world. Lively and often opinionated, each twin comes through as a whole person who at the same time maintains a special bond that the vast majority of people will never experience. The study provides a distinctive and enlightening insider's challenge to the nature/nurture debates that dominate contemporary research on twins. The author, herself an identical twin, draws on aspects of her own life to inform her analysis of the data throughout the text. Each chapter addresses a different theme from multiple viewpoints, including those of popular science writers, scientific researchers, and singletons, as well as those of the twins themselves"--
How to deal with stress
Self-esteem for dummies
The Oxford handbook of the self
"Over 800 000 people die by suicide every year – that's one person every 40 seconds. Yet these deaths are preventable. In WHO's first suicide report “Preventing suicide: a global imperative” information is included on what is known about suicide across the world, groups at particular risk of suicide, and what can be done at both societal and individual level to reduce the number of deaths from suicide." --
Assessment of process safety performance in Seveso establishments
Handbook of self-enhancement and self-protection
Life writing and space
Autonomy, gender, politics
The enigma of childhood : the profound impact of the first years of life on adults as couples and parents
Self and substance in Leibniz
The art of suicide
Describing ourselves : Wittgenstein and autobiographical consciousness
Constructing the self : thinking with Paul and Michel Foucault
Ethical decision making process in euthanasia and physician assisted suicide from nurses' perspective
The invention of culture
Consciousness and the self : new essays
"'I never can catch myself at any time without a perception, and never can observe any thing but the perception.' These famous words of David Hume, on his inability to perceive the self, set the stage for JeeLoo Liu and John Perry's collection of essays on self-awareness and self-knowledge. This volume connects recent scientific studies on consciousness with the traditional issues about the self explored by
Time, embodiment and the self
Handbook of dialogical self theory
Beast quest : the dark cauldron
Thoughts and things
Text, body and indeterminacy : doppelgänger selves in Pater and Wilde
A joosr guide to... always hungry?: Conquer Cravings, Retrain Your Fat Cells, and Lose Weight Permanently
"Challenging the critique of autoethnography as overly focused on the self, Tami Spry calls for a performative autoethnography that both unsettles the "I" and represents the Other with equal commitment. Expanding on her popular book Body, Paper, Stage, Spry uses a variety of examples, literary forms, and theoretical traditions to reframe this research method as transgressive, liberatory, and decolonizing for both self and Other. Her book  - draws on her own autoethnographic work with jazz musicians, shamans, and other groups; - outlines a utopian performative methodology to spur hope and transformation; - provides concrete guidance on how to implement this innovative methodological approach"--
Ageing selves and everyday life in the North of England : years in the making
Oral health status and self-rated health in 80 year-old community dwelling people
Four lectures on ethics : anthropological perspectives
How to make strategy work for you : self-assessment work book for SME's : 36 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separetes the successful from the average
The society of timid souls, or, how to be brave
Willpower : the owner̕ s manual : 12 tools for doing the right thing
Cross-cultural differences in perspectives on the self
Self as world : the new Emerson
Flourish : a new understanding of happiness and well-being - and how to achieve them
The mind's I : fantasies and reflections on self and soul
Distributed leadership and teacher’ self-efficacy : the case studies of three Chinese schools in Shanghai
The philosophical baby : what children's minds tell us about truth, love, and the meaning of life
The watchman in pieces : surveillance, literature, and liberal personhood
Synaptic self : how our brains become who we are
I heart me : the science of self-love
The people in the trees
Identity and form in contemporary literature
Deploying the integrated management system : quality, environment, and health and safety self : self-assessment work book : 59 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Dwelling on the borders : self. Text and world
Unique aspects of the professional identity of tattooed psychologists : the professional self-esteem, sense of not belonging and intentional behavior modeling of four tattooed professionals from the field of psychology and psychiatry
On the ego and on God : further Cartesian questions
This is a history of the representation of suicide from the ancient world to its decriminalization in the 20th century. After looking at instances of voluntary death in ancient Greece and the famous tale of the lovers Pyramus and Thisbe, Ron Brown moves on to discuss the contrast between the extraordinary absence of such figures in early Christianity and the proliferation of images of biblical suicides in the late Medieval era. He emphasizes how differing attitudes to suicide in the early modern world slowly merged together, and pays particular attention to the one-time chasm between so-called heroic suicide and the "crying crime" of self-destruction.
Music and learner autonomy in the EFL classroom
Highly intuitive people : 7 right-brain traits to change the lives of intuitive-sensitive people
Identity, personal identity, and the self
The biopolitics of precarity and the self
The synaptic self : how our brains become who we are
The Birkman method
The happiness track : how to apply the science of happiness to accelerate your success
"In The Art of Suicide, Ron M. Brown explores the history of the representation of self-murder, beginning with ancient Greek scenes of the hero Ajax impaling himself on his sword and concluding with videos shot by the notorious American 'Dr. Death', Jack Kevorkian. While instances of voluntary death were common in the ancient world, such imagery was not a part of the Early Christian artistic repertoire, though representations of biblical suicides proliferated in the late Middle Ages. Paying particular attention to the one-time chasm between so-called heroic suicide and self-destruction as a 'crying crime', Brown shows how differing attitudes merged during the early modern period. By tracking the changes surrounding the perception of self-murder in the Romantic era, with its notions of the 'man of feeling' ready to hurl himself into the abyss over an unfinishable poem, it is possible to see how, after the First World War, attitudes towards suicide changed radically. In time, this led to its decriminalization. Today, when suicidal acts are widely regarded as either cries for help or expressions of a death-wish, Brown's sensitive study reminds us that the history of self-murder and of its delineation is neither simple nor straightforward."--BOOK JACKET.
Making way for genius : the aspiring self in France from the old regime to the new
The self under siege : a therapeutic model for differentiation
About oneself : de se thought and communication
The developmental dynamics between causal attributions and self-concept of ability from 7th grade through 9th grade
Writing combat and the self in early modern English literature : the pen and the sword
Multilayered cultural identity and the perception of the self
Snapped
Life lessons for loving the way you live : 7 essential ingredients for finding balance and serenity
Live as you wish and ruin your life : Haybron on unhappiness and well-being
In Self-Fashioning and Assumptions of Identity in Medieval and Early Modern Iberia, editor Laura Delbrugge and contributors Jaume Aurell, David Gugel, Michael Harney, Daniel Hartnett, Mark Johnston, Albert Lloret, Montserrat Piera, Zita Eva Rohr, N©ðria Silleras-Fern©Łndez, Caroline Smith, Wendell P. Smith, and Lesley Twomey explore the applicability of Stephen Greenblatt's self-fashioning theory, framed in Elizabethan England, to medieval and early modern Portugal, Aragon, and Castile. Chapters examine self-fashioning efforts by monarchs, religious converts, nobles, commoners, and clergy in the fourteenth, fifteenth and sixteenth centuries to establish the presence of self-identity creation in many contexts outside the original context explored in Greenblatt's Renaissance Self-Fashioning, greatly expanding the understanding of self-fashioning on diverse aspects of identity creation in late medieval and early modern Iberia.
"Self-criticism is a personality trait that has been implicated in a wide range of psychopathologies and developmental arrests. Defined as the tendency to set unrealistically high standards for one's self and to adopt a punitive stance towards the self once these standards are not met, self-criticism is both active and cyclical. Self-critics actively create the social-interpersonal conditions that generate their distress, and their distress itself exacerbates self-criticism. Erosion offers a comprehensive treatment of self-criticism based in philosophy, developmental science, personality and clinical psychology, social theories, and cognitive-affective neuroscience. Professor Golan Shahar expertly summarizes the most recent research on the topic and synthesizes theory, empirical research, and clinical practice guidelines for assessment, prevention, and treatment. The book rests upon three elements that, as Shahar argues, are central to the maintenance of self-critical vulnerability: the importance of a concept of an authentic self or the need to "feel real"; the importance of intentionality and goal-directedness; and the power of interpersonal relationships and cultural context. Shahar argues that exploring these elements requires an integrated clinical approach that incorporates multidimensional assessment and interventions which reconcile science, practice, and policy. The result is a broad and scholarly volume that is useful to practitioners, researchers, and theorists interested in self-criticism"--
Feeling in theory : emotion after the "death of the subject"
The Philosophy of body
The sociology of the individual : relating self and society
The authentic self : essays in al-Fārābī and late ancient Greek philosophy
Studies in symbolic interaction
Our wealth is loving each other : self and society in Fiji
The ego trick
Twins talk : what twins tell us about person, self, and society
The construction of the other in early modern Britain : attraction, rejection, symbiosis
Giving an account of oneself
The work of German theologian Friedrich Schleiermacher (1768-1834) has played a key role in the development of Protestant thought. Jacqueline Mariña highlights the relation of Schleiermacher's ideas on the moral transformation of the self to other thinkers and debates in the philosophy of religion.
The private life : why we remain in the dark
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow, and finding your true purpose
Participation in dance training in Finland : a study of motives and behavior regulation
On the world and ourselves
Psychoanalysis, society, and the inner world : embedded meaning in politics and social conflict
Self-reflexivity as the practice of empathy
The psychology of justice and legitimacy
Encyclopedia of identity
Dynamics in self-regulated learning - implications for studying person x situation -transactions
These two volumes seek to explore myriad ways in which we define ourselves in our everyday lives, including understanding identity as an everyday phenomenon, process, and dynamic that affects our lives.
The island escape
Self-fashioning and assumptions of identity in medieval and early modern Iberia
Already home
The art of work : a proven path to discovering what you were meant to do
Confidence : overcoming low self-esteem, insecurity, and self-doubt
The sense of self of experienced and non-experienced music therapists in musical improvisation : an interpretative phenomenological analysis
The bounds of agency : an essay in revisionary metaphysics
Crosby unfolds the mystery of personal uniqueness, shedding new light on the unrepeatability of each human person. This study attempts to explain the mystery of personal individuality or uniqueness. It sheds light on the ""incommunicability"" and unrepeatability of each human person and their ""transcendence"", giving particular attention to the transcendence achieved by persons in moral existence.
Mind, self, and society
Adaption and validation of the German version of the basic psychological needs in physical education scale
Autonomy and the Self
The undiscovered self
Young people with Diabetes Mellitus type 1 and self care
Mindfulness for dummies
Self-processes, learning, and enabling human potential : dynamic new approaches
A'aisa's gifts : a study of magic and the self
Waking, dreaming, being : self and consciousness in neuroscience, meditation, and philosophy
The undervalued self : restore your love/power balance, transform the inner voice that holds you back, and find your true self-worth
Hyphenated Christians : towards a better understanding of dual religious belonging
Daring greatly : how the courage to be vulnerable transforms the way we live, love, parent, and lead
Kant's theory of the self
Hindu and Buddhist ideas in dialogue : self and no-self
Individual player developmental model in ice-hockey
Do it yourself : a material package for encouraging self-direction in upper secondary school language learning
Memory and the self : phenomenology, science, and autobiography
Identity's moments : the self in action and interaction
"In this thought-provoking book, noted clinical psychologist Robert Firestone and his co-authors explore the struggle that all of us face in striving to retain a sense of ourselves as unique individuals. An important addition to the area of personality development theory, it offers a new perspective on differentiation and the battle to separate ourselves from the chains of the past".
The lying mirror : the first-person stance and sixteenth-century writing
Atonement and self-sacrifice in nineteenth-century narrative
"The past lay claim to the present" memory and narrative as a journey to one's self : a study of Damon Galgut's In a Strange Room
Symbols, selves, and social reality : a symbolic interactionist approach to social psychology and sociology
Science and the self : the scale of knowledge
One small step can change your life : the kaizen way
Regardless of cultural or national specialities, the implications of higher education teaching are  a very special task. University organization is not just an ordinary learning environment. It is also  a research oriented scientific community, being responsible for global knowledge development and  education of high quality professionals, including teachers.  Training higher education teachers pedagogically will lead them to do a better job than untrained ones  might do. Pedagogical competence will add to a teacher's self-reliance. Since teaching is certainly one of  the most complex duties, the work community is expected to foster the developers of the field. How is a  teacher's self-constructed? Authentic collaboration and sharing experiences in teacher communities  would promote personal professional growth.  The affective domains and identity development of professionals should be nurtured. The social learning  theory offers a good framework. It is important to make models of practical implementations based on  theory.
Self-assessment : the experiences with and opinions on self-assessment among students and their teachers
Adherence to self-care and social support
Contents of patient education among Fibromyalgia Syndrome Patients : focus on pain management
The highly sensitive person : how to thrive when the world overwhelms you
Existentialist ontology and human consciousness
Who do you think you are? : an introduction to self-discovery
Ethical consumption as a reflection of self-identity
Merrow
F. H. Bradley's theory of self
Can suicide be prevented? : the suicide project in Finland 1992-1996 : goals, implementation and evaluation
Irigaray and Kierkegaard : on the construction of the self
Following her near-death experience as shared in the New York Times bestseller Dying to Be Me, Anita Moorjani knows well the truths that exist beyond common knowledge and acceptance. The clarity she has gained has led her to further understand who she was born to be.  Part of that truth has involved contemplating the cultural myths infused into our everyday lives. Passed down from generation to generation, these myths are pervasive and influential. From the belief we reap what we sow to the idea we must always be positive, cultural myths are often accepted as truths without questioning. Moorjani asserts it is now time for questioning in order to help us reach our fully informed, authentic selves.  Moorjani explores these common myths in their real-world existence while presenting examples from her own life that reveal the falsehoods beneath the surface. By freeing ourselves from these ubiquitous expectations, we can break open an honest pathway to life as it was meant to be lived.
Autonomy : life-cycle, gender and status among Himalayan pastoralists
Self-harm among young people : a literature review
The autoimmune solution : prevent and reverse the full spectrum of inflammatory symptoms and diseases
The reflexive self : a critical assessment of Giddens's theory of self-identity
Phenomenology and embodiment : Husserl and the constitution of subjectivity
Kidding ourselves : the hidden power of self-deception
On myself, and other, less important subjects
The life and undeath of autonomy in American literature
Berkeley's philosophy of spirit : consciousness, ontology and the elusive subject
Perceived motivational climate, need satisfaction, motivational regulation, and well-being in elite hurlers
Handbook of neurosociology
Self-awareness in Islamic philosophy : Avicenna and beyond
Self-assessment : a motivating tool for achieving better language skills
Rhetorics of self-making
Some spirits heal, others only dance : a journey into human selfhood in an African village
Utilising student profiles in mathematics course arrangements
The self in neuroscience and psychiatry
The collapse of the self : and its therapeutic restoration
Whose land is Lapland? : the nellim case : a study of the divergent claims of forestry, reindeer herding and indigenous rights in Northern Finland
Enduring whispers about her absent mother's alleged merrow origins after her father drowns, twelve-year-old Neen questions her identity as she becomes increasingly torn between the worlds of the sea and her island home / WorldCat.
Self and soul : a defense of ideals
Care or control of the self? : Norbert Elias, Michel Foucault, and the subject in the 21st century
Self-consciousness in modern British fiction
Self and other : exploring subjectivity, empathy, and shame
Hiddenness and alterity : philosophical and literary sightings of the unseen
Erosion : the psychopathology of self-criticism
Can you be a self on your own or only together with others? Is selfhood a built-in feature of experience or rather socially constructed? How do we at all come to understand others? Does empathy amount to and allow for a distinct experiential acquaintance with others, and if so, what does that tell us about the nature of selfhood and social cognition? Does a strong emphasis on the first-personal character of consciousness prohibit a satisfactory account of intersubjectivity or is the former rather a necessary requirement for the latter? Engaging with debates and findings in classical phenomenology, in philosophy of mind and in various empirical disciplines, Dan Zahavi's new book Self and Other offers answers to these questions. Discussing such diverse topics as self-consciousness, phenomenal externalism, mindless coping, mirror self-recognition, autism, theory of mind, embodied simulation, joint attention, shame, time-consciousness, embodiment, narrativity, self-disorders, expressivity and Buddhist no-self accounts, Zahavi argues that any theory of consciousness that wishes to take the subjective dimension of our experiential life serious must endorse a minimalist notion of self. At the same time, however, he also contends that an adequate account of the self has to recognize its multifaceted character, and that various complementary accounts must be integrated, if we are to do justice to its complexity. Thus, while arguing that the most fundamental level of selfhood is not socially constructed and not constitutively dependent upon others, Zahavi also acknowledges that there are dimensions of the self and types of self-experience that are other-mediated. The final part of the book exemplifies this claim through a close analysis of shame.
Fictions in autobiography : studies in the art of self-invention
In spite of secularist predictions, religion on a global scale has not gone away and shows little sign of dimnishing. Within the context of the renewal of interest in religion and the assertion of religion in the public realm, I seek in this article to explore the ways in which the self has been (and continues to be) formed in religious traditions. Drawing on substantive examples from my work on textual traditions in India and Europe, the article argues that 'religious reading' is central to the formation of religious traditions and the formation of the religious person, and that this has an impact upon discourse in the public realm. The process of religious reading itself occurs in a borderland between text and world and between self and world. Through 'religious reading', or more precisely textual reception, we can understand the ways in which forms of inwardness are constructed in tradition-specific ways and such inwardness too has an impact on public discourse. I therefore attempt to examine three traditional borderlands - between inwardness and externality, between text and world, and between private religion and public governance - in the light of religious reading.
Voicelessness and the limits of agency in early modern Finnish narratives on magic and the supernatural
Alkuajatus = the original thought : the little manual of life
Between one and one another
The guided mind : a sociogenetic approach to personality
The self illusion : how the social brain creates identity
Theories in social psychology
Guide book out-lining the 10 most common street attacks that occurs in the U.K. and how different self-defense and martial arts discipline evaluate and combat the situation.
"Using resources of phenomenology to examine how we are able to engage in self-concealment, Mensch presents a unified theory of the role of the other in our relations to the world" -- Provided by publisher.
The untethered soul : the journey beyond yourself
Space and self in early modern European cultures
Self-identity and everyday life
Guide book out-lining the 10 most common street attacks the occur in the U.K. and how different self-defense and martial arts discipline evaluate and combat the situation
Christian body, Christian self : concepts of early Christian personhood
After the cult : perceptions of other and self in West New Britain (Papua New Guinea)
The use of bodies
Kneller's happy campers
European older adults' well-being and suicide in the societal and family context
Self-expression
I remember me : mnemonic self-reference effects in preschool children
Life purpose boot camp : the 8-week breakthrough plan for creating a meaningful life
The priority of the other : thinking and living beyond the self
Perceived autonomy support, basic needs satisfaction, motivation regulation and well-being : verification of self-determination theory in dancers in Finland
Incarnate subjectivity : the constitutive significance of embodiment in Husserlian phenomenology
Their eyes were watching God : [a novel]
Working Community and Teachers' Professional Identity in Dialogue
Suicide and agency : anthropological perspectives on self-destruction, personhood and power
Giorgio Agamben's Homo Sacer was one of the seminal works of political philosophy in recent decades. It was also the beginning of a series of interconnected investigations of staggering ambition and scope, investigating the deepest foundations of Western politics and thought. The Use of Bodies represents the ninth and final volume in this twenty-year undertaking, breaking considerable new ground while clarifying the stakes and implications of the project as a whole. It comprises three major sections. The first uses Aristotle's discussion of slavery as a starting point for radically rethinking notions of selfhood; the second calls for a complete reworking of Western ontology; and the third explores the enigmatic concept of "form-of-life," which is in many ways the motivating force behind the entire Homo Sacer project. Interwoven between these major sections are shorter reflections on individual thinkers (Debord, Foucault, and Heidegger), while the epilogue pushes toward a new approach to political life that breaks with the destructive deadlocks of Western thought. The Use of Bodies represents a true masterwork by one of our greatest living philosophers.
The two selves : their metaphysical commitments and functional independence
Digital storytelling: a tool for expressing emotions - with instituionalised adolescents of paimio, Finland
The EFQM excellence model for entrepreneurs : self-assessment work book : what separates the successful from the average?
6th graders' skills in different areas of English : a comparison between the students' and teachers' opinion
The self : naturalism, consciousness, and the first-person stance
Self psychology and diagnostic assessment : identifying selfobject functions through psychological testing
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy for dummies
Interest and self-interest in ancient Athens
Possible selves : theory, research and applications
What is the quality of your management : ISO 9004:2000 : self-assessment work book : 28 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Seeking to explore what it means to grow older in contemporary Britain from the perspective of older people themselves, this richly detailed ethnographic study engages in debates over selfhood and people's relationships with time.
Inner speech and the dialogical self
A philosophical anthropology of the cross : the cruciform self
Self comes to mind : constructing the conscious brain
The Nietzschean self : moral psychology, agency, and the unconscious
Individual, family and teacher level correlates of behavioral and cognitive school engagement
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
The bell jar : a novel
Big magic : creative living beyond fear
Individual awareness and its effect on organization development and well-being
The singularity of being : Lacan and the immortal within
Epistemic authority : a theory of trust, authority, and autonomy in belief
The secret to success
The gifts of imperfection : let go of who you think you're supposed to be and embrace who you are
Human resource management excelence model : self-assessment work book : 16 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples
The emotion machine : commonsense thinking, artificial intelligence, and the future of the human mind
Our own minds : sociocultural grounds for self-consciousness
The Medieval fold : power, epression, and the mergence of the individual
The self of a charm
Anthropology and alterity : responding to the other
Selves in time and place : identities, experience, and history in Nepal
Stigma and group inequality : social psychological perspectives
Elaine Aron follows up her bestsellers on the highly sensitive person with a groundbreaking new book on the undervalued self. She explains that self-esteem results from having a healthy balance of love and power in our lives. Readers will learn to incorporate love into situations that seem to require power and deal with power struggles that mask themselves as issues of love. --Publisher.
“A TEMPORARY SOLUTION TO A PERMANENT PROBLEM ”- how to care for individuals with self-destructive behaviors in open-care.
Self-esteem, anxiety and motivation - the effect of psychological factors on sport performance
Autoethnography and the other : unsettling power through utopian performatives
Focus : the hidden driver of excellence
Optimizing the self : social representations of self-help
The ego tunnel : the science of the mind and the myth of the self
Research Methods for the Self-study of Practice
"This book will provide therapists with the tools necessary to help their clients differentiate themselves from their parents, families of origin, and other influences that have unconsciously dominated and predetermined their lives. The authors argue that most of us are unaware of the extent to which our lives have been predetermined and pre-empted by a parent whose thoughts, beliefs, and feelings can actually be antagonistic to our own goals and desires. An integrative theoretical approach to personality development and human behavior is introduced, providing the foundation for an innovative cognitive-affective-behavioral therapeutic process centered around Firestone's Voice Therapy technique".
The toothpaste of immortality : self-construction in the consumer age
Transformation of the self in the thought of Friedrich Schleiermacher
Narcissism, the self and society
