http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22753 bioart
bioart
Inferno
Sk-interfaces : exploding borders - creating membranes in art, technology and society
Art & science : creative fusion
Origins of semiosis : sign evolution in nature and culture
The Gramophone guide to classical composers and recordings
The New Grove dictionary of music and musicians
Cobbett's cyclopedic survey of chamber music. Vol. 3
Biomediale : sovremennoe obŝestvo i genomnaâ kul'tura = contemporary society and genomic culture
Evolutionhautecouture : iskusstvo i nauka v èpohu postbiologii = art and science in the post-biological age. čast' 1 = part 1
Insectism : textile design inspired by visual impression of insects
Kiss of art. Vol. 1, Challenges and choices / Eduardo Kac, Michael Burton, Shen Shaomin
Field_notes : from landscape to laboratory = maisemasta laboratorioon
Subtle body : essence and shadow
Northern religions and shamanism
Bio art : altered realities
Artists-in-labs : processes of inquiry
Imagining Science : art, science, and social change
Bioart kitchen : art, feminism and technoscience
Nature and mortality : recollections of a philosopher in public life
"In recent years, the long-term future of humanity has become of particular concern to various governance bodies and scholarly institutions. This is due to the many biological transgressions that have begun to occur through emerging technologies, such as genetic modification, cloning, stem cell research and much more. These transgressions call into question the foundations of social order, thus creating a complex, multifaceted imperative for humanity as a whole to foresee." "This innovative book, stimulated by material from FACT's Human Futures programme and informed by inquiries into the future of humanity, combines scholarly essays, images from leading artists and designers, interviews, design products, artistic artefacts, and creative writing. Together, these works present contributions from key thinkers, authors and artists, whose work actively interrogates the expectations and actualities of human futures as they emerge within the social sphere." "Human Futures portrays how the visual and textual culture of technological innovation is made and remade through bioculturally diverse forms of consumption. Issues addressed in the book include; the convergence of the NBIC (nano-, bio-, info-, cogno-) sciences; the ethics and aesthetics of human enhancement; the future of biological migration and transgressions; the emergence of systems and synthetic biology; the prospect of emotional and networked intelligence and ecosystem responsibility." "While debates about these themes are often visible in discrete areas of scientific inquiry or artistic endeavour, this book brings together these disparate studies to explore moments of their interaction. The result is an invaluable resource for anyone with an interest in the clash of art, technology and science and its impact on humanity today and tomorrow."--BOOK JACKET.
Green light : toward an art of evolution
Human futures : art in an age of uncertainty
Eduardo Kac (born Brazil 1962) is an American contemporary artist internantionally recognized for his interactive net installations and his bio-art... Michael Burton (born UK 1977) works on the edge of speculative design and art. He created objects, images and films as insights into richly imagined scenarios of the future. His work explores health and climate challenges and the choices we face in evolving as a species. Burton exhibits internationally, most notably at the Museum of Modern Art, New york... Shen Shaomin (born China 1956 has connected art and life, craft and the mechanical, in major sculptural installations covering themes of war, futuristic crisis, scientific abomination and the manipulation of nature. One of the most critically and socially aware of contemporary Chinese artists, his works use ancient Chinese culture to comment on contemporary ecological issues, politics and technology..." -- Container
Tactical biopolitics : art, activism, and technoscience
Telepresence and bio art : networking humans, rabbits and robots
Art books : a basic bibliography of monographs on artists
Signs and voices : deaf culture, identity, language and arts
Progress in Motor Control : Skill Learning, Performance, Health, and Injury
The Oxford companion to music
The green imperative : natural design for the real world
Designers and artists have always looked to nature for inspiration and materials, but only recently have they been able to alter and incorporate living organisms in their work. In a world with finite resources and a growing population, design that mimics or appropriates the sustainable template of nature is likely to prove as vital as it is novel. 'Bio Design' examines some seventy projects (concepts, prototypes and completed designs) that cover the fields of architecture, industrial processes, education, fine art, material engineering and bioengineering. Each project is illustrated by a short text, images and captions that combine to explain the problems the venture tackles, and how living materials and processes were harnessed to solve them in sustainable and aesthetically pleasing ways. Many of the solutions also provoke thought about manipulating life for human ends.
Raman spectroscopy in archaeology and art history
Space and languages : measuring differences
Encyclopedia of African-American literature
What do new technologies taste like? A growing number of contemporary artists are working with food, live materials and scientific processes, in order to explore and challenge the ways in which manipulation of biological materials informs our cooking and eating. "Bioart", or biological art, uses biotech methods to manipulate living systems, from tissues to ecologies. While most critiques of bioart emphasise the influences of new media, digital media, and genetics, this book takes a bold, alternative approach. Bioart Kitchen explores a wide spectrum of seemingly unconnected subjects, which, when brought together, offer a more inclusive, expansive history of bioart, namely: home economics; the feminist art of the 1970s; tissue culture methodologies; domestic computing; and contemporary artistic engagements with biotechnology.
Homo symbolicus : the dawn of language, imagination and spirituality
Art in the age of technoscience : genetic engineering, robotics and artificial life in contemporary art
The Penguin companion to classical music
The essential guide to Dutch music : 100 composers and their work
The Oxford dictionary of music
Cobbett's cyclopedic survey of chamber music. Vol. 2, I-Z
Signs of life : bio art and beyond
Biomediale : contemporary society and genomic culture / edited and curated by Dmitry Bulatov
Biopolitical screens : image, power, and the neoliberal brain
Bio design : nature, science, creativity
Healing jewellery, thought transmitter jewellery & personal space jewellery : imaginary jewellery futures concepts combining technology and bioarts
Biology in the conservation of works of art
The new Grove dictionary of women composers
Revealing privacy : debating the understandings of privacy
Information arts : intersections of arts, science, and technology
Bioart and the vitality of media
Cobbett's cyclopedic survey of chamber music. Vol. 1, A-H
Meyerhold and the cubists : perspectives on painting and performance
The green imperative : ecology and ethics in design and architecture
A dictionary of twentieth-century composers (1911-1971)
The Multispecies Salon
Synthetic aesthetics : investigating synthetic biology's designs on nature
Sentiments of fidelity : production of subjectivity, trust and neoliberal capitalism
The Moving Researcher : Laban/Bartenieff Movement Analysis in Performing Arts Education and Creative Arts Therapies
