http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22777 Esociformes
Esociformes
Synopsis of biological data on the northern pike, Esox lucius Linnaeus, 1758
The effect of water quality on the mercury concentration of northern pike (Esox lucius, L.) in Finnish forest lakes and reservoirs
Modeling mercury concentrations in northern pikes and walleyes from frequently fished lakes of Abitibi-Témiscamingue (Quebec, Canada) : a GIS approach
Toxicity of retene and pyrene on fish at different light conditions
Effects of turbidity and zooplankton availability on the condition and prey selection of pike larvae
The growth responses of fish to differences in acidity-related lake characteristics and fish species composition
Comparative sensitivity of boreal fishes to UV-B and UV-induced phototoxicity of retene
True histiocytic lymphoma in the northern pike, Esox lucius L. : immunological and ultrastructural characterization of the cell type and dynamics of tumorous pike populations
The microflora of the skin of pike Esox lucius L. in relation to its environment in the Northern Baltic Sea : a comparison of 200 microbial populations by numerical colony analysis
Boreal fishes and ultraviolet radiation : actions of UVR at molecular and individual levels
Recruitment failure and decreasing catches of perch (Perca fluviatilis L.) and pike (Esox lucius L.) in the coastal waters of southeast Sweden
Reproduction of pike (Esox lucius) in reed belt shores of the SW coast of Finland, Baltic Sea : a new survey approach
Pikeivory : behavioural mechanisms in northern pike piscivory
Seasonal variation in weight and activity of the freshwater fishes Perca fluviatilis L. and Esox lucius L.
Analysis of DDT- and PCB-type compounds low level in fish with reference to pike, perch and bream in lake Päijänne
Coastal environmental gradients : key to reproduction habitat mapping of freshwater fish in the Baltic Sea
The origin and level of mercury in Finnish forest lakes
Concentrations of selected PCB congeners in pike (Esox lucius, L.) and arctic char (Salvelinus alpinus, L.) in Finland
Selenium and mercury contents in northern pike (Esox lucius, L.) of Finnish man-made and natural lakes
Managing muskies : a treatise on the biology and propagation of muskellunge in North America : proceedings of an international symposium, held in LaCrosse, Wisconsin, April 4-6, 1984
Responses to ultraviolet radiation in larval pike, Esox lucius, of two origins and ages.
