http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22724 siblinghood
siblinghood sibling relationship
Muslim women online : faith and identity in virtual space
Sibling relations and the transformations of European kinship, 1300-1900
Family relationships : an evolutionary perspective
Handbook of peer interactions, relationships, and groups
"David Warren Sabean was a pioneer in the historical-anthropological study of kinship, community, and selfhood in early modern and modern Europe. His career has helped shape the discipline of history through his supervision of dozens of graduate students and his influence on countless other scholars. This book collects wide-ranging essays demonstrating the impact of Sabean's work has on scholars of diverse time periods and regions, all revolving around the prominent issues that have framed his career: kinship, community, and self. The significance of David Warren Sabean's scholarship is reflected in original research contributed by former students and essays written by his contemporaries, demonstrating Sabean's impact on the discipline of history"--Provided by publisher.
In search of peer support : changing perspectives on sisterhood in Roman imperial epic
City of savages
And the Mountains Echoed
Her fearful symmetry
You and me
Kinship, community, and self : essays in honor of David Warren Sabean
Devoted sisters : representations of the sister relationship in nineteenth-century British and American literature
Females of the species : sex and survival in the animal kingdom
Sister sibling relationships in young adult fiction : a psychological and discourse analytic study
Elfrieda, a world-renowned pianist, glamorous, wealthy, happily married: she wants to die. Yolandi, divorced, broke, sleeping with the wrong men as she tries to find true love: she desperately wants to keep her older sister alive. But Elf's latest suicide attempt is a shock: she is three weeks away from the opening of her highly anticipated international tour. Can she be nursed back to "health" in time? Does it matter? As the situation becomes ever more complicated, Yoli faces the most terrifying decision of her life.
All my puny sorrows
The fishermen
Brothers and sisters
Bella's new baby
Sibling correlations in family formation based on sequence data
Especially Amelia
Family Practices in Later Life
And the mountains echoed
One
Twins talk : what twins tell us about person, self, and society
The worst thing about my sister
Foster children's sibling relationships in middle childhood
Sibling interaction across cultures : theoretical and methodological issues
The Girls at the Kingfisher Club : a novel
Siblings as agents of socialization
A teaspoon of earth and sea
Thicker than water : siblings and their relations, 1780-1920
The anthropology of sibling relations : shared parentage, experience, and exchange
Brothers & sisters : myth and reality
William and Dorothy Wordsworth : 'all in each other'
The crossover
Oystercatchers
A sea of stars
"Twins Talk is an ethnographic study of identical twins in the United States, a study unique in that it considers what twins have to say about themselves, instead of what researchers have written about them. It presents, in the first person, the grounded and practical experiences of twins as they engage, both individually and together, the "who am I" and "who are we" questions of life. Here, the twins themselves are the stars. Dona Lee Davis conducted conversational interviews with twenty-two sets of identical twins attending the Twins Days Festival in Twinsburg, Ohio, the largest such gathering in the world. Lively and often opinionated, each twin comes through as a whole person who at the same time maintains a special bond that the vast majority of people will never experience. The study provides a distinctive and enlightening insider's challenge to the nature/nurture debates that dominate contemporary research on twins. The author, herself an identical twin, draws on aspects of her own life to inform her analysis of the data throughout the text. Each chapter addresses a different theme from multiple viewpoints, including those of popular science writers, scientific researchers, and singletons, as well as those of the twins themselves"--
Princely brothers and sisters : the sibling bond in German politics, 1100-1250
The trouble with ribs : women, men and gender in early modern Europe
While issues surrounding Muslim women are common in the international media, the voices of Muslim women themselves are largely absent from media coverage and despite the rapidly increasing presence of Muslim women in online groups and discussions, it is still a relatively unexplored topic.This book examines Muslim women in transnational online groups, and their views on education, culture, marriage, sexuality, work, dress-code, race, class and sisterhood. Looking at both egalitarian and traditionalist Muslim women's views, the author considers their interpretations of Islam and identifies a new category of holists who focus on developing the Islamic sisterhood. Drawing on detailed analysis of online transcripts, she highlights women's rhetorical techniques and the thorough knowledge of Islamic sources which they use to justify their points in online discussions. She details how in the online context, as opposed to offline interactions, Muslim women are much more willing to cross boundaries between traditionalist and egalitarian interpretations of Islam and women's Islamic rights and responsibilities and to develop collaborative interpretations with supporters of different views.
Psyche's sisters : reimagining the meaning of sisterhood
Adult sibling relationships
Psychology of family relationships
Sibling relations and gender in the early modern world : sisters, brothers and others
