http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2277 Hymenoptera
Hymenoptera
Additions to the revision of the genus Atractodes (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae) of the Palaearctic Region III
Five alysiine species new to Finland (Hymenoptera: Braconidae; Alysiinae)
Biosystematic studies of Ceylonese wasps. 20, A revision of Tachysphex Kohl, 1883, with notes on other oriental species (Hymenoptera: Sphecidae: Larrinae)
Performance of pine sawflies under elevated tropospheric ozone
A systematic review of the Ectemnius (Hymenoptera: Sphecidae) of Hawaii
Summary: The production by Dineura larvae was studied in 12 sites in northernmost Finland and Norway. The highest densities (up to 77 ind./100 g dried Betula leaves) were observed at the two southernmost sites studied...
The hand of nature : butterflies, beetles and dragonflies
Bees and wasps
We investigated the impact of natural enemies on the cocoon mortality of the common pine sawfly (Diprion pini L.) during a six-year period in eastern Finland. The enemies were classified into parasitoids (insect families Chalcidoidea, Ichneumonidae, and Tachinidae), and predators (birds, small mammals, and insect families Elateridae and Carabidae). The appearance of D. pini was estimated as the intensity of annual defoliation. The impact of stand characteristics on the performance of parasitoids and predators was also investigated. Influence of the natural enemy complex on cocoon mortality of D. pini was nearly stable, but defoliation intensity slowly declined towards the end of the study period. Annual cocoon mortality by natural enemies varied between 66% and 80%. Our results verified that the most significant mortality factors were ichneumonid parasitoids and small mammals. Random Forest classification indicated that stand characteristics, such as basal area, and coverage of lichen (Lichenes) and lingonberry (Vaccinium vitis-idaea L.) affected the performance of parasites and predators. We suggest that a combination of optimal stand characteristics, abiotic environmental factors and mild to moderate control by natural enemies acted as drivers, which drove the pine sawfly population to extended gradation. For future forest health management, detailed information on abiotic and biotic regulating factors, along with long-term monitoring campaigns for conifer sawflies are needed to adapt Fennoscandian forests to altered climatic and silvicultural conditions..
The ichneumons of Great Britain : a descriptive account of the families, genera and species indigenous to the British Islands, together with notes as to classification, localities, habitats, hosts, etc.. Cryptinae
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Chalcidoidea (Hymenoptera). part 1
Hymenopterorum catalogus. Pars 2, Westpaläarktische Ichneumonidae 1: Ephialtinae
New species of Orthocentrinae (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae) from Finland
Description of immature stages of cleptoparasitic bees Epeoloides coecutiens and Leiopodus trochantericus (Hymenoptera: Apidae: Osirini, Protepeolini) with remarks to their unusual biology
Pteronidea caudalis Lqv. (Hym., Tenthredinidae) from Finland
The other insect societies
Phylogeny and evolution of gall wasps (Hymenoptera: Cynipidae)
Association of the scuttle fly Megaselia leucozona Schmitz (Diptera: Phoridae) with sweat bees (Hymenoptera: Halictidae), with a description of the male fly
Deterrent in Scots Pine, Pinus sylvestris, influencing feeding behaviour of the larvae of Neodiprion sertifer (Hymenoptera, Diprionidae)
Pollen preferences of Hoplosmia bidentata and Lithurgus cornutus (Hymenoptera: Megachilidae)
A new species of the genus Cryptoxilos Viereck (Hymenoptera: Brachonida: Euphorinae) from China
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, Parasite host catalogue. Part 4, Parasites of the Hymenoptera, Isopoda and Isoptera
A review of the Collyriinae (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae)
A new subgenus and species of the genus Pseudobathystomus Belokobylskij (Hymenoptera: Braconidae: Rhyssalinae) from the Canary Islands
Polymorphic melanism of bumblebees in Finland and neighbouring areas (Hymenoptera: Apidae)
The Indo-Australian Agaoninae (pollinators of figs)
Behavioural and socially parasitic relations between Polyergus rufescens (Latr.) and Formica polyctena Först. (Hymenoptera: Formicidae)
Hymenoptera species occurring in stems of spring wheat and the damage caused by them to wheat crops in Finland
Revision of the eastern Palearctic species of Dusona Cameron : (Insecta, Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae, Campopleginae)
Success and dominance in ecosystems : the case of the social insects
The really wicked droning wasp and other things that bite and sting
List of Alysiini of Finland, exclusing the genus Dinotrema (Hymenoptera, Braconidae, Alysiinae)
Diversity of parasitic wasps (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae) in a lowland rain forest mosaic in Peruvian Amazonia
Ugly bugs
Phaenocarpa hirsuta sp. n., P. picinervis (Haliday) and P. angustiptera Papp new to the fauna of Finland (Hymenoptera: Braconidae: Alysiinae)
New records of Platygastridae (Hymenoptera: Platygastroidea) from Finland
New genera and subgenera of augochlorine bees (Hymenoptera: Halictidae)
Check list of Platygastridae of Finland (Hymenoptera, Platygastroidea)
A check list of British insects. Part 4, Hymenoptera
The Sphecidae (Hymenoptera) of Fennoscandia and Denmark
Metopius harpyiae (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae, Metopiinae) new to Finland
The hive : the story of the honeybee and us
Redescription of two species of Aphidiinae (Hymenoptera: Braconidae) from high mountain areas of south-eastern Europe, with biological and biogeographical notes on co-occuring guild members
Contribution to the taxonomy of the Palaearctic species of the genus Laelius Ashmead, mainly from Finland and Sweden (Hymenoptera: Chrysidoidea: Bethylidae)
Wasps : an account of the biology and natural history of solitary and social wasps : with particular reference to those of the British Isles
The chrysidid wasps of the world
A list of the type-specimens of Hymenoptera described by K. Tsuneki in the Museum of Nature and Human Activities, Hyogo (MNHAH)
New insights on the role of ecology and life-history in social evolution
Spatial ecology of food webs : herbivore-parasitoid communities on the pedunculate oak
Aperileptus rossemi sp. n., Aniseres lapponicus sp. n., and additions to descriptions of other Oxytorinae species (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae)
National Oak Gall Wasp Survey : mapping with parabiologists in Finland
Hymenoptera and biodiversity
The genus Gnaptogaster Tobias (Hymenoptera: Braconidae: Gnamptodontinae) in Europe
A new species of genus Eriborus Förster (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae) parasitizing Holcocerus insularis Staudinger (Lepidoptera: Cossidae)
The ecology, genitalia and larval morphology of Polythrena coloraria Herrich-Schäffer, 1855 (Lepidoptera: Geometridae), with records of its egg parasitoid Telenomus acarnas Kozlov & Kononova, 1977 (Hymenoptera: Scelionidae)
The geographic distribution of the Diplazontinae (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae) in the Palaearctic Region, with descriptions of two new species
Hymenopterorum catalogus. Pars 7, Braconidae 4 : Microgasterinae, Apanteles
Hornet predation on peacock butterflies and ecological aspects on the evolution of complex eyespots on butterfly wings
Developments in the evolutionary theory of social interactions
Phylogeny and ecological evolution of gall-inducing sawflies (Hymenoptera: Tenthredinidae)
Amauronematus compactus Bogacheva and A. harpiola Bogacheva (Hymenoptera, Tenthredinidae) from the Polar Urals
Keys to parasitic Hymenoptera (family Ichneumonidae) of the USSR and adjacent countries
Four new species of the genus Eurytenes Foerster (Hymenoptera: Braconidae: Opiinae) from China
Provisional atlas of the aculeate Hymenoptera of Britain and Ireland. P. 1
Effects of natural and artificial defoliations on sawfly performance and foliar chemistry of Scots pine saplings
Hymenopterorum catalogus. Pars 9, Braconidae 5 : Microgasterinae & Ichneutinae
Mad about minibeasts!
Polysphicta nielseni (Hymenoptera. Ichneumonidae: Pimplinae) new to Finland
The New World Agaoninae (pollinators of figs)
Studies on Swedish bumblebees (genus Bombus Latr.) : their domestication and biology
Five new species of Platygastroidea from Norway (Hymenoptera)
Hymenopterorum catalogus. Pars 1, Orussidae
An interesting Cleruchus sp. (Hymenoptera: Mymaridae) from bracket fungi on aspen in Karelia, Russia
Platygastridae from the Canary Islands and Madeira (Hymenoptera: Platygastroidea)
On the identity of Pontania dolichura (Thompson, 1871) and Pontania femoralis (Cameron, 1876) (Hymenoptera: Tenthredinidae: Nematinae)
The Hymenoptera
Taxonomic notes on Caraphractus (Hymenoptera: Mymaridae)
Sawflies (Hymenoptera, Symphyta). 1, A review of the suborder, the Western Palaearctic taxa of Xyeloidea and Pamphilioidea
A new species of Coelinidea (Hymenoptera, Braconidae) from Myanmar
Impacts of natural enemies and stand characteristics on cocoon mortality of the pine sawfly Diprion pini in a Fennoscandian boreal forest
Taxonomic revision of the Nearctic genus Acanthomyops (Hymenoptera: Formicidae)
Symphyta (except Tenthredinidae) : Hymenoptera
Scarcity of sites suitable for nesting promotes plesiobiosis in ants (Hymenoptera: Formicidae)
Phylogeny and host associations of Cotesia parasitoids attacking checkerspot butterflies
Festschrift for Seppo Koponen
Revision of the European Mesoleptus Grav. (Hymonoptera, Ichneumonidae)
Oligolectic bee species in Northern Europe (Hymenoptera, Apoidea)
Parasitic wasps
Biosystematic studies of Ceylonese wasps. 21, A revision of the Bethylinae and Epyrinae (Cephalonomiini and Sclerodermini) (Hymenoptera: Bethylidae)
Ichneumonids (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae) new to Finland
Hymenoptera. 2 (c), Symphyta
Key pests and their parasitoids on spring and winter oilseed rape in Estonia
On the mesofauna of the field layer of three subarctic habitats
Hymenopterorum catalogus. Pars 3, Aphidiidae
A new species of Ormyridae (Hymenoptera: Chalcidoidea) parasitizing a gall-making weevil on twigs of the bunge hackberry tree in China
Abstract: The most abundant groups in all habitats of IBP-sites at Kevo, Finnish Lapland, were Diptera, Homopetra, and Hymenoptera. The most numerous herbiborous group was Homoptera...
The Dryinidae and Embolemidae (Hymenoptera: Chrysidoidea) of Fennoscandia and Denmark
Structure and succession of Lasius s. str. (Hymenoptera: Formicidae) assemblages in a Finnish sand dune area : reassessment after taxonomic revisions of the subgenus
Phylogeny of a taxonomically difficult group and evolution of host location mechanism
An annotated catalog of the carpenter bees (genus Xylocopa Latreille) of the Western Hemisphere (Hymenoptera: Anthophoridae)
Morphology, phylogeny and evolution of cynipoid wasps
Host-parasitoid relationship in different Cotesia melitaearum and Melitaea cinxia populations around the Baltic Sea
Growth and energy requirements of the larvae of Dineura virididorsata (Retz.) (Hym., Tenthredinidae) and Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) (Lep., Geometridae) feeding on birch
New of little known Palearctic species of Platygastrinae (Hymenoptera: Platygastridae), II
A revision of the genus Atractodes (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae) of the western Palaearctic region
On the identity of Pseudotorymus militaris (Boheman, 1834) and Pseudotorymus parellinus (Boheman, 1834) (Hymenoptera: Chalcidoidea: Torymidae)
The Sphecidae of Madagascar
The cynipoid genus Paramblynotus : revision, phylogeny, and historical biogeography (Hymenoptera, Liopteridae)
The sawflies of Namibia and Western South Africa (Symphyta, Hymenoptera)
Mesopolobus graminum (Hårdh) (Hym., Pteromalidae), its population dynamics and influence on Javesella pellucida (F.)
Abstract: 13 species of mining Lepidoptera and 3 of Hymenoptera were observed on the mountain birch in northernmost Finnish Lapland and Norwegian Finnmark in 1971-72...
Distribution of Ichneumonidae (Hymenoptera) at different altitude belts in Finnish Lapland
Additions to the revision of the genus Atractodes (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae) of the western Palaearctic Region. 2.
The Ichneumonidae of the Kevojoki area in Inari Lapland (Finland)
Species of Xorides (Xorides) (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae: Xoridinae) parasitizing wood-boring insects in the Palaearctic part of China
Annotated bibliography of Russian and Soviet publications on the bees (Hymenoptera: Apoidea; excluding Apis mellifera): 1771-2002 = Annotirovannaja bibliografija rossijskoj i sovetskoj literatury po pčelam (Hymenoptera: Apoidea; isključaja Apis mellifera) : 1771-2002 gg
Ichneumological (Hym.) reports from Finland. 2
Applicability of laboratory measurements of consumption to field populations od Dineura virididorsata (Retz.) (Hymenoptera, Tenthredinidae) larvae
Bees, wasps and ants
The ant genus Proceratium in the extant and fossil record (Hymenoptera: Formicidae)
Hymenopterorum catalogus. Pars 6, Braconidae 3 : Agathidinae
Mating structure and nestmate relatedness in primitively social Hymenoptera as revealed by microsatellites
Ichneumonidae (Hymenoptera) new to Finland. IV
Parasitoid wasps (Hymenoptera) reared from two polypore fungi on aspen in Kivach, The Karelian Republic of Russia
Iichneumonidae (Hymenoptera) of Greenland found in Scoresbysund (Ittoggortoormiit)
A note on facultative kleptoparasitism in Prionyx kirbii (Hymenoptera: Sphecidae) as a consequence of multi-specific shared nesting site, with description of its prepupa
Fauna of the U.S.S.R. : Hymenoptera (Pereponghatokrylye). Vol. 5, No. 4, Braconidae : Microgasterinae and Agathinae
Larvae of insects : an introduction to Nearctic species. Part 1, Lepidoptera and plant infesting Hymenoptera
Species richness of Neotropical parasitoid wasps (Hymenoptera : Ichneumonidae) revisited
Bee fauna of Slovenia : checklist of species (Hymenoptera: Apoidea) = Favna čebel slovenije : seznam vrst (Hymenoptera: Apoidea)
Myrmica xavieri sp. n., a new ant species (Hymenoptera: Formicidae) from Spain
The first report of gall induction in the sawfly subfamily Allantinae (Hymenoptera: Tenthredinidae)
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, pt. 4 , Parasite host catalogue: Parasites of the Hymenoptera, Isopoda and Isoptera
Trap-nesting wasps and bees: : life histories, nests and associates
Systematic studies on sawflies of the genera Dolerus, Empria, and Caliroa (Hymenoptera: Tenthredinidae)
Functional response and mutual interference of Diaeretiella rapae (Hymenoptera: Aphidiidae) on Brevicoryne brassicae (Homoptera: Aphididae)
The occurrence of Eutomostethus ephippium (Panzer) and E. nigrans (Konow) (Hymenoptera: Symphyta: Tenthredinidae) in Northern Europe
Climate change and the risks of Neodiprion sertifer outbreaks on Scots pine
Ichneumonidae (Hymenoptera) new to Finland. 3.
Salix aurita - the correct food plant for Euura cinereae Kopelke, 1996 (Hymenoptera: Tenthredinidae)
Hymenopterorum catalogus. Pars 5, Braconidae 2 : Heliconinae, Calyptinae, Mimagathidinae, Triaspinae
The genera of Diapriinae (Hymenoptera, Diapriidae) in the New World
The Biology and external morphology of bees
The Formicidae (Hymenoptera) of Fennoscandia and Denmark
Results of the zoological missions to Australia of the Regional Museum of Natural Sciences of Turin, Italy. 2
Genus-group names of bees and supplemental family-group names
Evolution of different gall types in willow-feeding sawflies (Hymenoptera: Tenthredinidae)
Hymenoptera : Ichneumonidae (part) : Orthopelmatinae & Anomaloninae
Hymenoptera of the world : an identification guide to families
One Cryptinae genus (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae) new to Finland
Hymenoptera. 2 (a,b,c), Symphyta
The arthropod community of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) canopies in Norway
On the mining insects of the mountain birch in northernmost Finland
Insects reared from logging residue on clear-cuts
Local and annual variation in secondary production by Dineura virididorsata (Hym., Tenthredinidae)
On the taxonomy of Seleucus Holmgren and the European species of Phrudinae (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae)
Explore the deadly world of bugs, snakes, spiders, crocodiles and hundreds of other amazing reptiles and insects : the dramatic lives and conflicts of the world's strangest creatures shown in 1500 amazing close-up photographs
Hymenopterorum catalogus. Pars 10, Braconidae 6 : Cheloninae
The ichneumonid fauna in relation to an outbreak of Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) (Lep., Gometridae) on subarctic birches
Taxonomy and species richness of Amazonian Pimplinae and Rhyssinae (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae)
