http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2275 regional development
regional development
Self-reliant development in Europe : theory, problems, actions
Report of the FAO/FFA Regional Workshop to Promote the Full and Effective Implementation of Port State Measures to Combat Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing, Nadi, Fiji, 28 August-1 September 2006.
Towards the responsive university : the regional role of Eastern Finland universities
Handbook of Research on Entrepreneurship and Regional Development
Local involvement and economic dimensions in biosphere reserve activities : proceedings of the 3rd EuroMAB Biosphere Reserve Coordinators' Meeting in Ilomantsi and Nagu, Finland, August 31-September 5, 1998
Globalisation, migration and development
In this article we chart the emergence of functional region level analysis and policy implementation in Finland and attempt to clarify its significance for the analysis of Finnish regional development in the latter half of the 1990s. The characteristics of development in terms of regional gross production, employment, and migration at the national level show a propensity towards increasing polarisation: more and more districts are below the national average as economic development agglomerates to fewer growth centres.
Place reinvention in the North : dynamics and governance perspectives
Public policy and regional economic development : the experience of nine Western countries
Industrial agglomeration and new technologies : a global perspective
Regional science : perspectives for the future
Cities in Transition focuses on the sustainability transitions initiated in 40 European cities. The book presents the incredible wealth of insights gathered through hundreds of interviews and questionnaires. Four key domains-local energy systems, local green spaces, local water systems and local labour markets-have been the focus of the field research investigating local potentials for social innovation and new forms of civil society self-organisation. Examining the potential of new organizational frameworks like co-operatives, multi-stakeholder constructions, local-regional partnerships and networks for the success of such transitions, this book presents the key ingredients of a sustainable urban community as a viable concept to address current global financial, environmental and social challenges. Crucial reading for academics and practitioners of urban planning and sustainability in Europe, Cities in Transition is an innovative roadmap for sustainability in changing cities.
Regional disparity and economic development in the European community
Lietuvos apskritys : Ekonominė ir socialinė raida = Districts of Lithuania. Economic and social development
The Objective 2 -plan of Finland 1995-1996 : Finland's proposal to the European Commission
The consequences of Less Favoured Area support : a multi-regional CGE analysis for Poland
Growth pole theory and economic development
Design and wicked problems in the rural Arctic
Foresight and innovation in regional development
Knowledge externalities, innovation clusters and regional development
Future information technology poles : where and why?
The role of the Latvian planning regions in national regional development policy implementation and European Union structural funds management
Shaping Rural Areas in Europe. Perceptions and Outcomes on the Present and the Future sets out to investigate the effect of urban perceptions about the rural and consequent demands on rurality on the present and future configurations of rural territories in Europe in the early twenty-first century. This volume presents and discusses a broad range of case studies and theoretical and methodological approaches from different academic fields, mainly Anthropology, Sociology and Geography.
Planning local economic development : theory and practice
Sustainable tourism in nature areas
On accession to the EU, Poland, one of the most agricultural countries in Europe, became eligible for the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP), which it perceived as a chance to develop its rural economy. However, in constructing its Rural Development Programme 2007−2013, Poland directed the largest funding share to Less Favoured Areas (LFA) − a controversial measure, which has been accused of poor targeting and ineffectiveness. We analyse the economic consequences of LFA support for all 16 Polish regions according to Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics (NUTS2), using a multi-regional computable general equilibrium model with LFA detail.
TIM family molecules in hematopoiesis
Body, town planning, and participation : the roles of young people and sport
Governance of marine protected areas in the least-developed countries : case studies from West-Africa
Institutions and the geography of innovation : a regional perspective
Regional development programmes for Denmark 1986-1990 : 3rd generation
Barents Studies : Peoples, Economies and Politics
Decentralization and local development : a case study of Akuapem North District, Ghana
A comparative study on campus sustainability in higher education sector in Hong Kong and Finland
Farms of northern Finland
Regional science-based clusters : a case study of three European concentrations
Prospective analysis of aquaculture development : the Delphi method
Cultural heritage as an asset in regional development
Cooperative hegemony : power, institutions and ideas in regional integration
Design and wicked problems in the Rural Arctic
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 1
The aim of this article is to answer the question, "What are the prerequisites for the success of Finland's regions and smaller areas, when barriers to trade are being lowered and Finland is integrated into the international economy?" The answer is based on a study where regional success factors are defined primarily on the basis of Porter's concept of "the competitive advantage of nations." Empirical findings and observations on the most important locational factors of industrial firms in the modern regional economy add to this definition. The success factors are grouped into two blocks: (1) economic activities (five variables), and (2) locational factors of industrial firms (eight variables). Both blocks of variables are analysed with the help of principal components analysis. On the basis of the regional values produced by the first principal component of both blocks, the regions and small economic areas are grouped into four categories that represent their respective competitive advantage. This is done by means of cluster analysis.Uusimaa, the southernmost region of Finland that includes the capital city Helsinki, is in the best position and has the best prerequisites for success. The next regions are Southwest Finland with its main centre Turku and the Tampere region (Pirkanmaa). South Ostrobothnia, North Karelia, South Savo, and Central Ostrobothnia have the weakest prerequisites of all nineteen regions. The disparities within the regions are often considerable. The core area of the region is generally in the best position. After the Helsinki area, the small economic areas of Turku, Tampere, Oulu, and Jyväskylä are in a good position, followed by Vaasa, Kuopio, Lahti, and Pori. Related studies carried out in the latter part of the 1990s confirm these results almost without exception. The results suggest that the polarisation of Finland's regional economy continues. The new national regional development program, approved by the Finnish government for the period 2001-2006, supports this view of the future.
Klaipėdos apskritys : Ekonominė ir socialinė raida = Districts of Klaipėda. Economic and social development
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
Chinese superblock : a study and design tools for sustainable urban housing development in China
Towards a successful environmental policy in the municipalities and regions : indicator and indexes as an assessment tool
Education, applied research and regional development : an emerging triangular trend in educational technology R&D at AVERKO
The Arkhangelsk oblast has long been one of Russia's most important forest industrial regions. This paper analyses the changes in accessibility of forest resources and forest commodity production during the transition period in the 1990s. Special attention is given to firm restructuring, active roles of domestic capital and the different survival strategies that have been developed by industries in the region. Further analysis deals with signs of economic recovery in the forest sector due to the processes of restructuring, modernisation and self-organisation.
Internationalization : A Resource for Successful Regional Development : Laurea University of Applied Sciences International Students’ role in the Triple Helix of University, Industry, and Government
Entrepreneurship promotion from a University off Applied Sciences' Point of View : The Case of Kajaani University of Applied Sciences in Kainuu Region
Forest industry on the map of Finland
On the determinants of regional tax base growth in Sweden 1970-1995
Shaping places online : exploring the potential of the Internet for public engagement in spatial local governance
Putting the social into the economic : flexibility and the neo-classical model in the analysis of regional growth
Integrated planning and management in the Baltic Sea Region : a GIS-model elaborated in Gotland
Vilniaus apskritys : Ekonominė ir socialinė raida = Districts of Vilnius. Economic and social development
Regional development programmes : Federal Republic of Germany, including Berlin (West) 1979-1982
Regional development platform analysis as a tool for regional innovation policy
Cross-border entrepreneurship and economic development in Europe's border regions
The effects of R&D cooperation and labour mobility on innovation
The present study focuses on two important dynamic capabilities in regional innovation systems: visionary capability and innovative capability. Visionary capability is based on the ability to acquire and assimilate future-oriented knowledge, and innovative capability on the ability to transform and exploit the acquired knowledge in the actual innovation processes. In the regional innovation system, innovation processes often take place in heterogeneous multi-actor innovation networks that set special demands for the absorptive capacity of the entire system. The present article sheds light on the aggregate process of generating and using foresight knowledge in regional innovation processes. Experiences gained by resource-based futures research and an "innovation session method" in the Lahti Region in Finland are described in a case study.
How regions grow : trends and analysis
External border management as an instrument of migration control
Synergy in regional development
African conflicts, development and regional organisations in the post-Cold War international system : the annual Claude Ake memorial lecture : Uppsala, Sweden 30 January 2014
Micro-clusters and networks : the growth of tourism
Cross-border resource management
Creative regions : technology, culture and knowledge entrepreneurship
Sustainability of nature-based tourism
This article analyses structural and regional development and concentration of agriculture in terms of jobs and value of production, here value added, in Finland during 1975-2008 based on statistical and georeferenced data. The empirical results showed us that, while the relative socioeconomic importance of agriculture has decreased all over Finland, the role of agriculture varies a great deal between regions. Agricultural development trends both in terms of number of jobs and value of production, have been different from total economic development since the mid-1980s. As with economic functions in general, a regional concentration trend has taken place in agriculture. However, this trend has been stronger in all industries together and compared to other industries, agriculture as a whole is still regionally evenly dispersed. The reasons behind this can be found in historical, societal and political factors, and tight connections between agriculture and surrounding land and natural circumstances.
European rural peripheries revalued : governance, actors, impacts
National parks in Italy : sustainable tourism marketing strategies
Rural-urban policy effects on the regional economies of South Ostrobothnia and North Karelia
Place peripheral : place-based development in rural, island, and remote regions
Regional development and planning : a reader
Theories of local economic development : perspectives from across the disciplines
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
Sustainable tourism and large protected areas : analysis models and success criteria of a sustainable tourism management using the example of the Alps
Regional development : problems and policies in Eastern and Western Europe
The future of Murmansk Oblast assessed by three Delphi panels
Kauno apskritys : Ekonominė ir socialinė raida = Districts of Kaunas. Economic and social development
Women, players in regional development
Nokia corporation as the driver firm of ITC cluster development in the Oulu region
Arctic Environmental Cooperation. Study in Governmentality
Polar tourism : a tool for regional development
Lost in the knowledge society? : a knowledge society strategy for Southwest Finland
Finnish districts and regional differentiation
Technological change and regional development
The regional factor in economic development : policies in fifteen industrialized OECD countries
The influence of the accomodation sector on tourism development and its sustainability : case study: Strand Camping, Larsmo
Finnish urban regions
Making local strategies work : building the evidence base
The Objective 6 -plan of Finland 1995-1999 : Finland's proposal to the European Commission
Norvision : a spatial perspective for the North Sea region
A method for assessing absorptive capacity of a regional innovation system
Work package 3 : sustainable regional development strategies and networks : partner report 2: Central Finland
This paper evaluates the development of the socio-spatial structures and geoeconomic position of Murmansk Oblast up the year 2025. The study applies strong prospective trends and industrial cluster approaches in analysis and interpretation and it interprets the results in the context of regional development theories.The Delphi method is applied for analysing the potential development paths of Murmansk Oblast. Two Delphi panels were set up in 2005. The panel data in this article consist of the answers of 77 persons including pilot interview. The experts in the Murmansk panel are from Murmansk Oblast, the ones in the Moscow panel are from Moscow and St. Petersburg, and those in the international panel come from Finland, Norway and Great Britain. The clusters of transportation and energy will be the most probable growth sectors in Murmansk Oblast during 2005-25. According to the expert panels the three most important strong prospective main trends influencing socio-economic development in Murmansk Oblast constitute the potential of logistics and transport, the impacts of new technology and globalisation. From the viewpoint of development theories the development of Murmansk Oblast seems to rely very much on the argumentation of the resources and physical environment and supply-side theories.
Recent research has found pronounced differences in the level of entrepreneurship and new business formation across various regions and nations. This timely handbook reveals that the development of new ventures as well as their effects on overall economic growth is strongly shaped by their regional and national environment. The expert group of contributors give an overview on the current state of the art in this field and propose avenues for further investigation. Topics include the regional determinants of new business formation, the effects of start-ups on growth, the role of globalization for regional entrepreneurship, the effect of national and regional framework conditions, as well as the role of universities as incubators of innovative new firms.
Coping strategies and regional policies : social capital in the Nordic peripheries : country report Finland
Investment strategies and financial tools for local development
Regional economic structures in Finland : analyses of location and regional economic impact
Snæfellsnes as a brand : a study in regional brand identity
Rethinking regional performance in the knowledge society : foresight as a tool for European regions
International Forum on Rural Tourism : Guiyang, Guizhou Province, China, 4-6 September 2006 : final report
Ireland : local partnerships and social innovation
Landscape Ecology for Sustainable Environment and Culture
Proactive Approach to Structural Change
Participation in rural development : a review of European experience
UCOT: Semiautomatic Generation of Conceptual Models from Use Case Descriptions
Tampere region innovation strategy : summary
Structural development and regional concentration of agriculture in Finland in 1975-2008
Clusters, innovation systems and ecosystems : studies on innovation policy's concept evolution and approaches for regional renewal
Space-time dependence in regional development : the geospatial approach to understanding the development processes in small-scale areas of Finland
Newsletter from Research and Co-operation Centre FO-RUM
Product concept analysis for guidance monitoring limited
Impact of transport infrastructure investment on regional development
Radwat : Rural Area Development With Advanced Technology : final report 2000-2001
Introduction to Northern Ostrobothnia Region in Finland
Lower Angara Region : a new approach to regional development in Russia
Resorts and regional development at the local level : cores in a periphery
Coast of dreams : California on the edge, 1990-2003
Community viability, rapid change and socio-ecological futures : papers from the Conference on Societies in the Vestnorden Area
Study of prospects in the Atlantic regions
Disadvantaged island regions
The 1st Nordic Innovation Research Conference - Finnkampen
Corporate responsibility and regional development
Towards regional development by Higher Education Institutions:an empirical study of a University of Applied Sciences
Stability in the Persian Gulf : regional and transatlantic perspectives : 132nd Bergedorf Round Table, December 2nd-4th, 2005, Dubai
Studies on the spatial concentration of human capital
Lietuvos ekonominė ir socialinė raida : 1998 m. sausio - liepos mėn. = Economic and social development in Lithuania. January - July 1998.
The borderless North : proceedings of the Fourth Northern Research Forum
Regional and local economic development
Transformation of resource towns and peripheries : political economy perspectives
The significance of local governments in brownfield redevelopment projects
Myanmar in ASEAN : regional cooperation experience
Tibetan economy
Interreg II : Barents region 1995-1999
The competitive advantage of regions and small economic areas. The case of Finland
Greater London : the story of the suburbs
The political economy of northern regional development. Vol. 1
Biomass and regional development
Reflections on the Kvarken region : prospects for a cross-border region within the European Union
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Portrait of South Transdanubia : a region in transition
Market research for new product development : case Emfit Ltd
External impact of the University of Turku : self-evaluation report
Building a healthy economy from the bottom up : harnessing real-world experience for transformative change
Regional development zones in Finland: territorial cohesion and competitiveness
This book presents a comprehensive overview of the various aspects for the development of smart cities from a European perspective. It presents both theoreticalconcepts as well as empirical studies and cases of smart city programs and their capacity to create value for citizens. The contributions in this book are a result of an increasing interest for this topic, supported by both national governments and international institutions. The book offers a large panorama of the most important aspects of smart cities evolution and implementation. It compares European best practices and analyzes how smart projects and programs in cities could help to improve the quality of life in the urban space and to promote cultural and economic development.
The Baltic palette - a region full of colours : final report : approved at the Baltic palette political conference in Stockholm, March 23-24, 2000.
The Baltic Sea islands : a common strategy for the future
Social capital and rural development in the knowledge society
The fiscal impact handbook : estimating local costs and revenues of land development
Shared vision and network leadership in regional development : case: the Lahti Region in Finland
Northern experiments : the Barents urban survey 2009
Regional development on our own : views from the new EU member states : proceedings of the seminar Individual autonomy and autonomy in government : 12th-13th September, Joensuu, Finland
Sustainable welfare in a regional context
Essays in regional economics
Rural tourism and sustainable business
Challenges of Qinghai Province
APPROACHES TO REGIONAL DEVELOPMENT : TWO DECADES OF RESEARCH
Entrepreneurship, social capital and governance : directions for the sustainable development and competitiveness of regions
The regional innovation system bottom-up : a Finnish perspective
The Helsinki region : Finland
Smart city : how to create public and economic value with high technology in urban space
Promoting regional engagement of universities : experiences of A.S.A.P. work package 4
Cities in transition : social innovation for Europe's urban sustainability
Smarctic : a roadmap to a smart Arctic specialisation : Tekes - strategic research opening : creation of new knowledge and competences in areas of expertise that are expected to be important for businesses in the future
Russian regions and their foreign trade
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
Towards a competitive and competent Eastern Finland : regional structure development trends : summary
The geography of tourism and recreation : environment, place and space
Regional development programmes for the Netherlands 1986-1990
Private sector road provision and regional development
Innovation, universities, and the competitiveness of regions
Integrated rural development projects carried out in Black Africa with EDF aid : evaluation and outlook for the future : general report
Smart specialisation in the Helsinki-Uusimaa region : research and Innovation Strategy for Regional Development 2014–2020
West African perspectives : resources for development
Politics of development in the Barents region
Executive summary (s. 7-14).
EDC Park needs assessment tool
Polish catalyst : Northeastern Poland's green path of development = Puolalainen katalysaattori : Koillis-Puola rakentaa tulevaisuutensa vihreiden arvojen varaan
Culture and local development
Regional development modeling : theory and practice
Regional science-based clusters:a case study of three European concentrations
Regional atlas on West Africa
Summary.
Local and regional response to global pressure : the case of Italy and its industrial districts
Growth entrepreneurial training
This article deals with the Finnish-Russian border in light of the European external border control policy and its impact on immigration. The 1985 Schengen agreement removed internal European border controls and external border protection became a major concern of the European Union (EU) and heads of states. The European discourse towards immigration changed during the last decade and patterns show tighter external borders. This research follows the Copenhagen school of security and scrutinises the Finnish external border approach under the aspect of immigration. It analyses the socio-economic importance of the Finnish-Russian border in comparison to the European trend that decreases the penetrability of external borders. The study results show that the Finnish policy approach focuses on regional development in order to achieve economic balance in the border regions. This approach is supposed to increase security by economic rather than by traditional border control strategies..
Tourism : rethinking the social science of mobility
Many-faced Russia : the impact of transition on the Russian regions
Regional development and planning : International perspectives
Space, location + regional development : University Symposium on Regional Science
Tourism and Nature Conservation in Koillismaa Region, Northern Finland
Cool : applied visual arts in the North
European metropolises : the Baltic Sea cities in European context
Governance matters : China's developing western region with a focus on Qinghai province
Behind the myth of European Union : prospects for cohesion
Triple border regions in Central Europa : the case of Hungary and its neighbours
Development of forest sector in the Arkhangelsk oblast during the transition period of the 1990s
The gap between regional cluster development theories and practical implementation
"Place Peripheral examines community and regional development in rural, island, and remote locales from a place-based approach. This is a timely edited collection, addressing themes that are receiving considerable attention in Canada and internationally as local communities, scholars, researchers and public policy analysts strive to better understand and apply place-based strategies in rural and remote regions. The volume and its contributors examine place-based economic development strategies, recognizing the broader and deeper significance, meanings, and attachments often associated with place and also interrogating such relationships as may exist between sense of place, cultural and social development, and environmental stewardship."--
Global mobilities and tourism development : a community perspective
Assessing regional integration in Africa 2008 : towards monetary and financial integration in Africa
This article analyses regional development zones (RDZs). RDZs aim to combine economic growth with balanced regional development by directing development in a zonal way between growing centres and less central areas. The zones are generally formed along major roads or railroads between larger centres. RDZs cross many administrative borders and physically connect areas to each other. The empirical material of the study is derived from Finnish spatial planning documents at the national, regional and local levels as well as of semi-structural questionnaire (373 answers) and interviews with key actors involved in the studied RDZs. The OuKa RDZ crossing Finland in west-east direction between Oulu and Kuhmo is studied in-depth regarding the goals of the European Union Territorial Agenda. RDZs can become an important integrative tool for territorial cohesion as expressed in the Territorial Agenda. However, a more efficient concentration of functional activities and land use to core RDZ structures, as well as enhancement of the belongingness of inhabitants and key economic actors to the RDZ, are needed for this purpose.
The regional economics of knowledge and talent : local advantage in a global context
Shaping rural areas in Europe : perceptions and outcomes on the present and the future
Reinventing the third way : towards new forms of economic and democratic conduct
A handbook on environmental assessment of regional development plans and EU structural funds programmes : final report
Serviceology for designing the future : selected and edited papers of the 2nd International Conference on Serviceology
Summary (s. 13-18).
Policies, methods and tools for visitor management : proceedings of the second International Conference on Monitoring and Management of Visitor Flows in Recreational and Protected Areas, June 16-20, 2004, Rovaniemi, Finland
Critical perspectives in rural development studies
Ruralchange : links between population structure and policies for balanced and sustainable rural communities
Towards regional development by Higher Education Institutions : an empirical study of a University of Applied Sciences
Impact of the development of the Nordic countries on regional development and spatial organisation in the Community : final report. Vol. 1, synthesis with executive summary
Regional destination marketing and websites as marketing tool : Study case: Nature Park Lahn-Dill Bergland, Germany
Applying Semiautomatic Generation of Conceptual Models to Decision Support Systems Domain
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised North
The Helsinki-Uusimaa regional programme : vision and strategy 2010, strategic priorities 2014-2017
Chicago's near south side : revisiting the South Loop and South Armour Square, 2001
Regions and cities in a challenging world : open days : European week of regions and cities, Brussels, 6-9 October 2008 : programme
Human migration and its effects on regional development : from global to local
