http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22880 tourism entrepreneurs
tourism entrepreneurs
The new agritourism : hosting community and tourists on your farm
Entrepreneurship in hospitality and tourism : a global perspective
Entrepreneurship & small business management in the hospitality industry
Tasting the good life : wine tourism in the Napa Valley
Tourism development and local participation in Latin America
Abstract: Research on the development needs of water-based tourism in Lake Oulujärvi - Entrepreneurs'.
Developing enterprise activities near a young national park : the views of municipal decision-makers and entrepreneurs adjacent to Repovesi National Park
Tourism, ethnic diversity and the city
Rural tourism and sustainable business
Interest towards sustainable tourism among entrepreneurs in the Kainuu region
Entrepreneurial activity adjacent to small national parks in Southern Finland : are business opportunities being realised?
Tourism and agriculture : new geographies of consumption, production and rural restructuring
Tourism and entrepreneurship : international perspectives
Creative tourism : a global conversation
Sustainable Cultural Tourism : small-scale solutions
Global tourism : cultural heritage and economic encounters
Human resources and tourism : skills, culture and industry / Darren Lee-Ross and Josephine Pryce
Kainuu in a Nutshell : a practical guide to welcoming foreign business visitors to Kainuu
The role of the hospitality industry in the lives of individuals and families
The world has been changing, and entrepreneurship has been studied and researched by many theorists, researchers and authors and yet it has been concluded that there are many definitions of entrepreneurship, but no universally accepted one. The role of entrepreneurship plays an important part in our economy today. Many business entrepreneurs from the past have developed their businesses and even new industries have emerged. This thesis describes entrepreneurship and the basic concepts and forms of tourism mostly run by many tourism business entrepreneurs. Tourism industry is a very wide range of products, and the demand is increasing. It is beneficial to understand the role of entrepreneurs and how their businesses can be developed by determining the strategies for success in developing business of entrepreneurs. In the Tampere Region, the Hiking Travel HIT LP is an example of developing tourism business entrepreneurship. The enterprise has been successful in its business for almost two decades now, offering different types of events, nature and rural tourism and outdoor sports activities. The enterprise provides professional training and courses in paddling and kayaking for summer sports and Nordic ice skating, cross-country skiing, downhill skiing, telemark skiing and snowshoeing for winter sports. In addition, Hiking Travel HIT LP manufactures canoes, kayaks, and outdoor sports equipment. The main objective of this thesis was to provide recommendations for Hiking Travel HIT LP that may apply in the development process of the enterprise. The results of the study proved that understanding the literally defined meaning of entrepreneurship is not enough; there is a need to look at the key ideas, theories and their influences. And the word 'tourism' makes it more complicated since it has a wide range of meanings as well. The interview of Hiking Travel HIT LP owner helped the writer of the thesis to create a constructive description of tourism business entrepreneurs.
No Ordinary Business: Lifestyle Entrepreneurs and Their Tourism Products  : Insights from Finnish Lapland
Lumilinna : Kemin Lumilinnan tarina = Snowcastle : the story of the Snowcastle of Kemi
Business Brief : Britain
Training needs of Estonian Tourism
Maailman matkailupäivä - World tourism day, Finlandia-talo 27.9.2007 : Tourism opens doors for women
The business of tourism
Tourism business entrepreneurs : a guide for developing your business
B2B marketing plan for Flying Stars
Vocational qualification in the tourism industry
Entrepreneurs' perceptions of strategy and success in small firms of the tourism and hospitality industry
Entrepreneurship in the hospitality, tourism and leisure industries
The Wangs vs the world
Tourism enterprises and the sustainability agenda across Europe
The coordination of cooperation in tourism business networks
Tourism in Southeast Asia : challenges and new directions
Community perceptions to climate change in Finnish Lapland : examining vulnerabilities and adaptive responses to the changing characteristics of Arctic tourism
