http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2284 colours (matter)
colours (matter)
Colours = Midabbada : English - Somali
The Art and Science of Food Garniture
Relative importance of different coloration, smell and shape in the predation of wasps : field experiments on hunting dragonflies (Odonata: Aeshna grandis)
Brown bear, brown bear, what do you see?
Colour painting : using the full palette
Red cat, blue cat
A dictionary of color. by A. Maerz, M. Rea Paul
White hot : cool colors for modern living
Interaction between surface plasmon polaritons and molecules in strong coupling limit
Photonic structures for color management
Freight train
Colors : symbols, history, correlations
The complete color harmony : expert color information for professional color results
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-seventh report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
A dictionary of colour : a lexicon of the language of colour
Colors versus shapes
Indigo : in search of the colour that seduced the world
Color saves the day
Colors
Light
Semantic Structures of Timbre Emerging From Social and Acoustic Descriptions of Music
Interaction of color
Life has a way of throwing unexpected obstacles in our path. Your personal anxieties can build up and seem overwhelming. Help is at hand. Master artist Jean Haines leads you on a journey through paint, showing how you can wipe away your worries with the soothing and gentle movement of watercolour on paper. Meditative, peaceful and calming, watercolour painting offers relief and solace to everyone, with no judgement or goal beyond itself. This book shows you the many ways painting can calm your life, and empower you so you have control over stress or boredom.
Tricia Guild on colour : decoration, furnishing, display
What colour?
Farrow & Ball : living with colour
The Pantone book of color : over 1000 color standards : color basics and guidelines for design, fashion, furnishings and more
Perfect palettes : inspiring colour choices for the home decorator
Designer's guide to color. 2
Application of the lattice-Boltzmann method for simulating attachment of ink particles in paper
The colours of the rainbow
Colour your home
Short-term heart rate dynamics : methodology and novel applications
The role of electrocardiographic abnormalities, obesity, and diabetes in risk stratification for sudden cardiac death in the general population
Efficacy and safety of radiofrequency catheter ablation in the treatment of atrial fibrillation
Longyearbyen i farger - og - hva nå = Longyearbyen in colour - status and challenges
Color forecasting : a survey of international color marketing
Color planning for interiors : an integrated approach to color in designed spaces
Provenance of cultural colour meanings : The Green Hat and other narratives from Sino-Finnish business encounters
Practical aspects of cosmetic testing : how to set up a scientific study in skin physiology
Towards simplified deinking systems : a study of the effects of ageing, pre-wetting and alternative pulping strategy on ink behaviour in pulping
Accuracy improvements in display performance measurements using an imaging colorimeter
Simulation and measurement of colored surfaces
BLUE AND YELLOW DON`T MAKE GREEN
Paper Mario : color splash : Wii U.
Color index 2
Hello Kitty : colours
Mix it up!
The colourful home : confident and creative colour schemes for every room
The colour book : using colour to decorate your home
Color inspirations : more than 3,000 innovative palettes from the COLOURlovers.com community
Elmer's world : touch and feel
Colour response in drying of nordic hardwoods
Proficiency test SYKE 2/2013 : Chlorophyll a, colour, conductivity, nutrients, pH and turbidity in natural waters
Playing with Color : 50 Graphic Experiments for Exploring Color Design Principles
Colours = Iro : English - Japanese
The science of color
Colour
Color in packaging design : Case: ZheJiang JinSheng packaging Co,Ltd
Pigment handbook. 1, Properties and economics
Your colours your home : decorating with the colours that reflect your personality
Analysis of Cosmetic Products advises the reader from an analytical chemistry perspective on the choice of suitable analytical methods for production monitoring and quality control of cosmetic products. In the format of an easy-to-understand compendium of published literature on the subject, this book will enable people working in the cosmetic industry or in research laboratories to: * become familiar with the main legislative and analytical literature on this subject and  * learn about and choose suitable analytical procedures for production monitoring and control of cosmetic p
The wolf who wanted to change his color
Web Design for iMind
B.P.R.D. : Hell on Earth. [13] : end of days
Understanding color : creative techniques in watercolor
Digital retouching and compositing : photographers' guide
Color sourcebook : a complete guide to using color in patterns
Colour for life : emotional, spiritual and physical wellbeing through colour
Colour grading video files in Adobe Lightroom
'Analysis of Cosmetic Products' advises the reader from an analytical chemistry perspective on the choice of suitable analytical methods for production monitoring and quality control of cosmetic products.
Color : natural palettes for painted rooms
The Lüscher colour test
"The Pigment Compendium Dictionary" is a comprehensive information source for scientists, art historians, conservators and forensic specialists. Drawn together from extensive analytical research into the physical and chemical properties of pigments, this essential reference to pigment names and synonyms describes the inter-relationship of different names and terms. The Dictionary covers the field worldwide from pre-history to the present day, from rock art to interior decoration, from ethnography to contemporary art. Drawing on hundreds of hard-to-obtain documentary sources as well as modern scientific data each term is discussed in detail, giving both its context and composition. It includes a comprehensive list of pigment names and synonyms. It talks about the pigments used worldwide from pre-history to the present day. It contains information from hundreds of hard-to-obtain documentary sources.
¿De qué color es el mar? = What color is the sea?
Color index
Non-surgical transfer of 4',6'-diamidino-2-phenylindole-stained equine embryos
Langford's advanced photography : the guide for aspiring photographers
Computer color : 10 000 computer-generated process colors
The artist's handbook : a complete professional guide to materials and techniques
Sought-after interiors stylist Hilary Robertson celebrates the stylish simplicity of the monochromatic home - elegant interiors in black, white, and every shade of grey in between. In the first chapter, Living in Black and White, Hilary analyzes successful monochrome interiors, providing moodboards for different schemes. Next, In the Mix takes a closer look at the effective tools of texture, light, and scale and pattern and the roles that they have to play. The third chapter, The Dark Room, visits real homes that feature darker monochrome palettes, while, following on, Let there be Light provides examples of homes with a whiter, brighter approach. Finally, in Monochrome Home Hilary Robertson shows how to bring the look right up to date, visiting the fabulously inspiring homes of artists and designers from Europe to the United States.
Assassin's creed. Templars. [Book 1]
Brown bear treasury
Learn all about colours
Longyearbyens farger - veien videre = the colours of Longyearbyen - an ongoing project
I like black and white
Conran on colour
Selecting colour for print
What can you spot? : my first learning
Moomin's little book of colours
Color harmony. 2
V for vendetta
Tie-dye : dye it, wear it, share it
The secret lives of colour
Colour reproduction technology
Books on colour 1500-2000 : 2500 titles in English & other European languages
Quality characteristics of parental lines of wheat mapping populations
Paint yourself calm : colourful, creative mindfulness through watercolour
Life at stake when playing hide and seek : concealing effects of prey colouration and visual backgrounds
Color trends. 2, Pop colors, retro-modern colors, postmodern colors
I do not eat the colour green
Interior color by design : a design tool for architects, interior designers and homeowners
Richard Scarry's colours
The molecular mechanisms and evolutionary significance of plumage colour variation in pied flycatchers (Ficedula hypoleuca)
Multiphonics of the grand piano : timbral composition and performance with flageolets
Colours and how we see them : H. Hartridge
Goniospectrometric analysis of optically complex samples : a study on diffraction gratings, optically variable devices, and coatings with special effect pigments
Methuen handbook of colour
Color : a survey in words and pictures
Design and decorate colour schemes
Colour in time
Variation of colour and selected physical and mechanical properties related to artificial drying of sawn silver birch (Betula pendula Roth) timber from plantations
Color your home beautiful : recipes and ideas
Babar's book of color
Color schemes made easy
The colours of India
The colour book
Theory and use of colour
The essential guide to mindful dressing : choose your colours - control your life!
Graphic design : the new basics
Child-Friendly approach to instrumental education : The Colourstrings Violin School
Colours = Màu sac : English - Vietnamese
What colour is the red house?
A case study of the effects of posthypnotic suggestion on visual information processing : measuring behaviour and event-related potentials
I spy with my little eye..
Algebraic methods for constructing blur-invariant operators and their applications
Color in interior design
Colour : inspirational style from classic to contemporary
On the analysis of ink content in recycled pulps
The day the crayons quit
Shivery shades of Halloween : a spooky book of colors
Batman : The killing joke
Brilliant colour at home
Earth : Berhard Edmaier : colours of the Earth
Color harmony : a guidebook for creating great color combinations. Jewels
The book of colours
Color harmonies
Crafting a colorful home : a room-by-room guide to personalizing your space with color
What colour are your knickers?
Bright bazaar : embracing colour for make-you-smile style
The colour monster
A dictionary of color combinations
Out of Oz
Stability and variability of color-meaning associations : a cross-national comparison
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-eighth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Pigment compendium : a dictionary and optical microscopy of historical pigments
Highly clickable web banner ads for customers of Advertising Media Finland OY
COLOR CHOICES
The color of Japan
Colours = Yan se : English - Chinese
Early Interaction in Kiasma's Babies Play with Colour Workshops : A Survey on Parents' Perceptions
Designer's guide to color. [1]
Type colour : a handbook of creative combinations
Complete digital photography
Colours = Ranghā : English - Farsi
This thesis goes through the process of creating a graphic design of a web page which includes determining all the components and how they can affect the visual outcome. The main task is to create a design plan for a website by creating images with an image editing software with the support of theoretical knowledge, end users’ preferences, and creativity. The aim is to create a modern design considering the responsive functions and the users’ needs. The users’ perspectives, needs, and habits are explored by interviewing companies supplied by the commissioner. The theoretical research contributes technical guidance on making choices in the design of a web page. The designs were made with Adobe Photoshop, which was accessible at the Oulu University of Applied Sciences, as was the recorder used in the interviews. The images in the designs were chosen from the commissioner’s existing website. The colours used in the designs were designated with the help of a colour wheel application. This thesis may be used by the commissioner for their webpage as well as anyone who is working with visual designs and looking for some theoretical explanations. The information covers many aspects of design as a webpage is a whole consisting of many components, such as text, layouts, and various types of graphics.
Colours = al-Alwan : English - Arabic
Photoshop for right-brainers : the art of photomanipulation
Living with colour
The essence of red
One and two-year-old Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L) seedlings from various origins : The effect of various growing conditions on winter hardening
The aim of this work was to evaluate the main quality traits in the parental lines of wheat segregating populations to identify the best for subsequent genetic mapping of the traits. Significant differences (p < 0.001) among wheat genotypes were observed. Many of the examined crosses appeared to be suitable for the purpose, showing differences among parental lines as high as 4.6% for protein content, 6.4% for gluten content, 69 for gluten index, 50 mL for sodium dodecyl sulphate sedimentation volume, and 33.9 g for thousand-kernel weight, whereas differences accounting for 4.8, 2.4, and 7.3 were observed for yellow index, red index and brown index, respectively. The results pointed out that for studying at the same time the quantitative and qualitative features of gluten, the wheat populations derived from Latino x MG29896 and Saragolla x 02-5B-318 could be particularly appropriate. In addition, the latter cross was suitable to deepen the knowledge of yellow index regulation.
My colours
My very first book of colours
Analysis of cosmetic products
Falling in love again : romantic comedy in contemporary cinema
Color designs for living : [ideas & inspiration]
Industrial inorganic pigments
Timbral qualities of semantic structures of music
101 ideas : colour
Wicked : the life and times of the wicked witch of the West
The artist who painted a blue horse
Color in reproduction : theory and techniques for artists and designers
Web design for iMind
The socially distributed cognition of musical timbre : a convergence of semantic, perceptual, and acoustic aspects
What colour is your world?
Learn with Maisy
Colour in enclosed space : observation of colour phenomena and development of methods for identification of colour appearance in rooms
Colours = Rang : English - Urdu
Colours = Tsveta : English - Russian
Colour : banish Beige, boost colour, transform your home
Baby Bubbles and the rainbow
Color in architecture : design methods for buildings, interiors, and urban spaces
Color theory and its application in art and design
Color : a photographer's guide to directing the eye, creating visual depth and conveying emotion
Living with pattern : color, texture and print at home
Color idea book
White Space Is Not Your Enemy : A Beginner's Guide to Communicating Visually Through Graphic, Web & Multimedia Design
Effects of environmental and internal factors of trees and timber treatment on colour of dried birch (Betula pendula) wood
Shades of Grey. 1 : The road to High Saffron
Oskuldens århundrade : den vita monokromens historia = Century of innocence : the history of the white monochrome
Color in contemporary painting
Dye molecules on titatium dioxide surface: cluster and periodic surface models
Wow! Said the owl : a book about colours
Son of a witch : a novel
Paddington at the rainbow's end
Basic colour : a practical handbook
Corporate visual identity : Case study: changing visual identity
Thinhorn sheep evolution and behaviour
Can warning signals be honest? : wing colouration and the strength of chemical defence in the female wood tiger moth (Parasemia plataginis)
Assessment of skin physiology is moving rapidly away from a purely descriptive approach as we gain a deeper understanding of biophysical and biochemical processes in the stratum corneum, such as those relating to its barrier function and hydration. As a result of research utilizing bioengineering methods, reliable and reproducible approaches are now available for product testing in the pharmaceutical and cosmetic industry as well as in basic research. This book examines in detail all aspects of cosmetic testing -- legal, general, and practical. After discussion of regulatory and ethical issues and guidelines, essential guidance is provided on the planning, performance, and evaluation of scientific studies in skin physiology. The topics addressed range from laboratory and staffing requirements through to testing devices and methods, factors influencing measurements, and study design. In addition, detailed information is provided on test settings for a range of cosmetic products. All of the authors are recognized experts in their field. This book will be invaluable to researchers, students, and medical staff in explaining how best to assess skin functions in controlled studies using non-invasive biophysical instruments.
Color : an introduction to practice and principles
Batman : the Dark Knight returns
Colour in decoration
