http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2283 blue
blue
Applikaatio : Taidehalli, Vapauden aukio, Helsinki, 8.1. - 6.2.1994, Valtiollinen Pietarin historian museo, 15.2. - 13.3.1994 = Finnish art triennal 1 : Helsinki Art Hall, Freedom Square, The State Museum of the History of St. Petersburg = Applikaatio : 1 / toimitus = editors = redaktsija knigi : Kimmo Sarje, Hannu Eerikäinen ; käännökset = translations : Michael Garner, Olga Hyppönen ; julk. Suomen taiteilijaseura = the Artists ́ association of Finland = Assotsiatsija hudoznikov Finljandii
Chidi only likes blue
The royal purple and the biblical blue : argaman and tekhelt : the study of Chief Rabbi Dr. Isaac Herzog on the dye industries in ancient Israel and recent scientific contributions
Books for children and young people : Sininen huone
Indigo : a world of blue
In search of poetry
Blood-brain barrier leakage after transient cerebral ischemia
Blue : the history of a color
Blue pigments : 5000 years of art and industry / François Delamare
Mythos und Legende = Myth and legend. 1
Sacred words and secular visions in recent African-American novels
The blues of Blue Mythologies include those present in the world's religions, a robin's egg, science, slavery, gender, sex, art, literature and contemporary film. Carol Mavor's engaging and elegiac readings in this beautifully illustrated book are at once sociological, literary, historical and visual, taking the reader from the blue of a new-born baby's eyes to Giotto's frescoes at Padua, and from the films of Derek Jarman and Krzysztof Kieślowski to the islands of Venice and Aran.
Elongation of Scots pine seedlings under blue light depletion
Previn plays gershwin lp 411
Finland's nominees on the IBBY Honour list 2008.
On Jewish folklore
Girl in hyacinth blue
Tropical dryland agroforestry on clay soils : analysis of systems based on Acacia senegal in the Blue Nile region, Sudan
Mythos und Legende = Myth and legend
Blue mythologies : reflections on a colour
Summary: Conceptual art as realism in contemporary art.
Blue : the history of a color / Michel Pastoureau
Superbrands Finland : an insight into the strongest Finnish brands 2005
Select bibliography
