http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22893 parodontitis
parodontitis
Proatherogenic effects of common pathogens on liver, adipose tissue and coronary artery disease
Natural antibodies to malondialdehyde adducts in atherosclerosis
Antimicrobial and mechanical treatment of periodontitis in dogs : clinical and bacteriological findings
Antimicrobial activity and suitability of 2-hydroxyisocaproic acid for the treatment of root canal infections
Abstract.
Microbial infection in dental root canal induces an inflammatory reaction called apical periodontitis. In post-treament disease, Enterococcus faecalis is the most commonly found organism, which may survive well in root canal despite calcium hydroxide paste medication. In these cases, effective irrigation or repeated chlorhexidine medication are recommended. New medications with long-lasting antimicrobial activity are needed for the treatment of persistent root canal infections. 2-hydroxyisocaproic acid (HICA) is a protein fermentation product of lactobacilli and few other bacterial or fungal species express enzymes required for its metabolism. However, mammalian cells can metabolise it and use it for protein production. It is known to be well-tolerated by humans and have anti-inflammatory properties as well. Therefore, the hypothesis was that it affects microbe-specific metabolic pathways and have potential as a novel antimicrobial agent. The aim of this study was to evaluate the antibacterial and antifungal spectrum of HICA using in vitro microdilution methods for susceptibility testing and an ex vivo extracted tooth root canal infection-model. The impact of dentine on the antimicrobial activity of HICA was also evaluated. The results showed that HICA has broad-spectrum bactericidal activity for gram-positive and gram-negative organisms. It is also fungicidal for several fungal species and it is only marginally inactivated by clinically-relevant concentrations of dentine. It is at least as active against E. faecalis as presently-used interappointment medications in infected root canals after a seven-day incubation ex vivo. Since HICA has a broad-spectrum and long-term antimicrobial activity as well as an anti-inflammatory effect, it may be a useful new agent for clinical endodontology. However, controlled clinical studies are needed for evaluation of the efficacy of HICA in clinical conditions.
Essential endodontology : prevention and treatment of apical periodontitis
Variability of gingival crevicular fluid matrix metalloproteinase -8 levels in respect to point-of-care diagnostics in periodontal diseases
Lipopolysaccharide : a link between periodontitis and cardiometabolic disorders
Periodontal and dental health and oral self-care among adults with diabetes mellitus
Modulation of host matrix metalloproteinases by bacterial virulence factors relevant in human periodontal diseases
Membrane components of treponema denticola trigger proteinase release from human polymorphonuclear leukocytes
Vitamin D and periodontal infection
Yeasts in apical periodontitis : occurrence, biotypes and in vitro susceptibility
Complement therapeutics
Promoting oral health : knowledge of periodontal disease and satisfaction with dental care
Periodontal infection and obesity : results of a population-based survey
Association between periodontal and systemic inflammation:a study of pro- and anti-inflammatory mediators
Association between periodontal and systemic inflammation : a study of pro- and anti-inflammatory mediators
Guided tissue regeneration of a left mandibular first molar tooth in a dog
Immune responses to biosurfaces : mechanisms and therapeutic interventions
Periodontology : the essentials
The effect of systemically and locally administered clodronate on bone quality
Oral Health in Hereditary Gelsolin Amyloidosis
Immune and proteolytic events associated with the signs of periodontal and cardiovascular diseases and their treatment
Associations among Emdogain®, human oral carcinoma cells and oral proteolytic enzymes
Gene polymorphism and systemic inflammatory response in chronic periodontitis
Identification of collagenolytic MMP networks as potential biomarkers in progressive chronic periodontitis subjects and MMP-8 null allele model
Inflammation-induced atherogenesis, liver alterations, and cardiovascular outcome
Periodontology for the dental hygienist
