http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22838 web programming
web programming
Creating concrete5 themes : create high quality concrete5 themes using practical recipes and responsive techniques to make it mobile-ready
Web development with Clojure : build bulletproof web apps with less code
Multimedia Web design and development : using languages to build dynamic web pages
Magnolia 5 CMS administration interface development with Vaadin application framework
Client-server web apps with JavaScript and Java
Website application development with Zend : building website applications using frameworks, open source community tools and technologies
Beginning PHP and MySQL : from novice to professional
Beginning NetBeans IDE : for Java developers
Node.js by example : learn to use Node.js by creating a fully functional social network
This Bachelor's thesis was commissioned by a firm called “IGO Toiminimi“ and the aim of it was to develop a web application to help both the company and private users to post and advertise cars they are selling, renting or exchanging. To develop this application few technologies and tools were used. They include PHP, MySQL, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Bootstrap (to design the interface) and Sublime Text (as a source code editor). It was able to use these tools and technologies by integrating each other to give the desired output. As a result there is a working program that runs in a “localhost” server connection. Users can register and log in to the system in order to interact with the application. As it has not been tested on a real working server on a web, in future the development requires more options for the users for a better interaction with the system in a user friendly and easy way. More technologies might also need to be introduced for a faster and better outcome.
Selenium 1.0 testing tools beginner's guide : test your web applications with multiple browsers using the Selenium Framework to ensure the quality of web application
This thesis is about creating a web site design for a small company called Le Ray Collections, whose business consists of dealing in collectible antique items, both in France and abroad. A big part of the company's income comes from selling and buying on the Internet, especially on eBay. Having a web site is a natural development for businesses in today's technological age.     The objective of this thesis was to build a web site design for a company that is already successful, but that currently has no web site. The aim was to create a visually beautiful, simple and functional site that would match the image of Le Ray Collections. The site's purpose is to serve the company as a “business card” on the Internet, especially to give information to potential new clients who regularly buy online.     The theoretical part deals with entrepreneurship, the importance of having a web site and web design. The specific case part describes the different steps of this project, how the web site was done and what guidelines were used.     This thesis is a product-oriented thesis about product development. The new product is a web site designed in two languages, French and English. The site was made between April and October 2010. The purpose was to create a web site design that Le Ray Collections can later publish on the Internet.
Creating a chat room using Unity Game Development Tool
PHP web services
Contact Finder Web Application
Planning and managing Drupal projects
Node.js web development : create real-time server-side applications with this practical, step-by-step guide
Java for dummies
Abstract.
In today's fashion industry, email is primarily used as an official communication tool. Currently, fashion industry specific or customized tools are not available for communication in a distributed environment. This thesis aims to develop a web application, which will be specially made for the fashion industry.
Session control using PHP and MySQL
HTML, XHTML & CSS All-in-one for dummies
Silverlight 4 jumpstart : designed  to get .NET business application developers up to speed quickly /  David Yack
JavaScript & AJAX for dummies
Getting StartED building websites
Dreamweaver CS6
Algorithms of the intelligent web
HTML5 eLearning kit for dummies
Inclusive Design Patterns covers all the techniques, gotchas and strategies you need to be aware of when building accessible, inclusive interfaces. We'll explore the document outline, external links and “skip” links, navigation regions and landmarks, labelling and alternative text for illustrations, buttons, tables of contents, JavaScript patterns, touch targets, filter widgets and infinite scrolling and “load more” button and grid display and dynamic content and tab interfaces and password validation and web forms and error messages — and pretty much anything else you need to know about accessibility, including how to prototype with inclusivity in mind, how to deal with legacy browsers and dozens of practical snippets to use when building inclusive interfaces.
Pro JavaScript RIA techniques : best practices, performance, and presentation
Liferay 6.2 user interface development : a comprehensive guide to user interface development with Liferay Portal
Programming Microsoft LINQ in Microsoft .NET Framework 4
Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat
Python Web programming
Sams teach yourself jQuery and JavaScript in 24 hours
Wear and tear statistics : tools to analyse wear on engine components
Lift in action : the simply functional web framework for Scala
Web-based decision-making application
Design for a mashup of Wordpress and Google Maps API : case: digital service innovation for Chinese restaurants management in Finland
Real world Java EE patterns : rethinking best practices
This book is written for web application developers who are are familiar with the Java programming language, as well as HTML, JavaScript, and CSS. It is geared toward those who "learn by doing" and prefer to see and create specific examples of new technologies and techniques integrated with standard tools. If you want a better understanding of recent developments in JavaScript and how the language and its development process compare with those of Java, this book is for you.
Pro PHP and jQuery
Book of Vaadin. Volume 1
On the development of real-time multi-user web applications
Learning PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, and CSS
Mashups have emerged as an innovative software trend that re-interprets existing Web building blocks and leverages the composition of individual components in novel, value-adding ways. Additional appeal also derives from their potential to turn non-programmers into developers. Daniel and Matera have written the first comprehensive reference work for mashups. They systematically cover the main concepts and techniques underlying mashup design and development, the synergies among the models involved at different levels of abstraction, and the way models materialize into composition paradigms and architectures of corresponding development tools. The book deliberately takes a balanced approach, combining a scientific perspective on the topic with an in-depth view on relevant technologies. To this end, the first part of the book introduces the theoretical and technological foundations for designing and developing mashups, as well as for designing tools that can aid mashup development. The second part then focuses more specifically on various aspects of mashups. It discusses a set of core component technologies, core approaches, and architectural patterns, with a particular emphasis on tool-aided mashup development exploiting model-driven architectures. Development processes for mashups are also discussed, and special attention is paid to composition paradigms for the end-user development of mashups and quality issues. Overall, the book is of interest to a wide range of readers. Students, lecturers, and researchers will find a comprehensive overview of core concepts and technological foundations for mashup implementation and composition. Even without low-level coding details, practitioners like software architects will find guidance on key implementation concepts, architectural patterns, and development tools and approaches. A related website provides additional teaching material which can be used either as part of a course or for self study.
Building websites all-in-one For dummies
HTML5 and CSS3 in simple steps
ASP.NET 4 social networking : a truly hands-on book for Microsoft ASP.NET 4 developers
Brilliant HTML5 & CSS3
Book of Vaadin. Volume 1.
Pro WPF and Silverlight MVVM : effective application development with model-view-viewmodel
The aim of this thesis work was to collect information about various version control systems and choose the best alternative to take in use for the commissioner. There was an urgent need for a version control system to be taken in use within the web development team, because of the growth in the number of web sites and the expansion of the web development team to another office in another country. This study was carried out as research from different sources and development teams on how other web development teams and projects have implemented version control systems in their workflow. The data was gathered by observing how some of the open source applications in the use of the web development team in question and other web development teams are using version control systems as managing source code and development. The results suggest that there is no standardized manner of using version control systems or source code management within web development projects and teams, and that there are several obstacles because most web applications are database driven and not standalone applications, where version control systems are more commonly used and developed for. As a result, Subversion was chosen to be the version control system for the web development team, because of the ease of use and some earlier experience by some members of the web development team. However, this choice was not an easy one to make and there are still many issues that need to be addressed with care. These will be complicated, as most applications are database driven, which results in having to do plenty of manual work in addition to using version control system for source code management.
Pro Spring MVC : with Web Flow
Digital Java EE 7 web application development : develop Java enterprise applications to meet the emerging digital standards using Java EE 7
Web site design for Le Ray Collections
Microsoft Silverlight 4 and Sharepoint 2010 integration : techniques, practical tips, hints, and tricks for Silverlight interactions with SharePoint
Node.js is a server-side JavaScript platform using an event driven, non-blocking I/O model allowing users to build fast and scalable data-intensive applications running in real time. 'Node.js Web Development' shows JavaScript is not just for browser-side applications. It can be used for server-side web application development, real-time applications, microservices, and much more.
PHP, MySQL, JavaScript & HTML5 all-in-one for dummies
IT Statler : operative tool built on SharePoint/MOSS 2007
Exam ref 70-480 : programming in HTML5 with JavaScript and CSS3
"Hit the ground running with React, the open-source technology from Facebook for building rich web applications fast. With this practical guide, Yahooweb developer Stoyan Stefanov teaches you how to build components--React's basic building blocks--and organize them into maintainable, large-scale apps. If you're familiar with basic JavaScript syntax, you're ready to get started. Once you understand how React works, you'll build a complete custom Whinepad app that helps users rate wines and keep notes. You'll quickly learn why some developers consider React the key to the web app development puzzle"--
Node.js design patterns : get the best out of Node.js by mastering a series of patterns and techniques to create modular, scalable, and efficient applications
CCNP cisco LAN switch configuration study guide (Exam 640-404)
Silverlight 4 : problem, design, solution
Create with <code> : build your own website
React : up & running : building web applications
Mashups : Concepts, Models and Architectures
Reactive programming with Node.js
Java in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference
This book assumes a basic level of experience with standard web development. If you've used jQuery Mobile before, you're good to go. Otherwise, you can pick it up along the way.
Smashing WordPress : beyond the blog
JQuery for dummies
Write modern web apps with the MEAN stack : Mongo, Express, AngularJS, and Node.js
Web development with MongoDB and Node JS : build an interactive and full-featured web application from scratch using Node.js and MongoDB
Expert C# 5.0 with .NET 4.5 framework
Sams teach yourself ASP.NET 4 in 24 hours complete starter kit
Silverlight 4 in action : Silverlight 4, MVVM, and WCF RIA services
Building Android Apps in easy steps : covers App Inventor 2
Pro SharePoint with jQuery
Google Maps mashups with Google mapplets
SurviveJs - Webpack and React : from apprentice to master
Mobile DongFeng News : Android News Reading Application
Foundations of Joomla!
Building PHP applications with Symfony, CakePHP and Zend framework
Ecommerce mobile application with IBM WebSphere
Liferay in Action is the official guide to building Liferay portal applications using Java and JavaScript. If you've never used Liferay before, don't worry. This book starts with the basics: setting up your development environment and creating a working portal. Then, it builds on that foundation to help you discover social features, tagging, ratings, and more. You'll also explore the Portlet 2.0 API, and learn to create custom themes and reusable templates. Experienced developers will learn how to use new Liferay APIs to build social and collaborative sites, use the message bus and workflow, implement indexing and search, and more. This book was developed in close collaboration with Liferay engineers, so it answers the right questions, and answers them in depth. No experience with Liferay or the Portlets API is required, but basic knowledge of Java and web technology is assumed. Purchase of the print book comes with an offer of a free PDF, ePub, and Kindle eBook from Manning. Also available is all code from the book. What's Inside:Complete coverage of Liferay Portal 6 Covers both the commercial and open source versions Custom portlet development using the Portlet 2.0 spec Liferay's social network API Add functionality with hooks and Ext plugins.
Learning Node.js : a hands-on guide to building web applications in JavaScript
Abstract: Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat.
Stability analysis of new paradigms in wireless networks
jQuery hotshot : ten practical projects that exercise your skill, build your confidence, and help you master jQuery
JavaScript with promises
Stimulus-response (S-R) tests provide a unique way to acquire information about human perception by capturing automatic responses to stimuli and attentional processes. This paper presents OpenSR, a user-centered S-R testing framework providing a graphical user interface that can be used by researchers to customize, administer, and manage one type of S-R test, the implicit association test. OpenSR provides an extensible open-source Web-based framework that is platform independent and can be implemented on most computers using any operating system. In addition, it provides capabilities for automatically generating and assigning participant identifications, assigning participants to different condition groups, tracking responses, and facilitating collecting and exporting of data. The Web technologies and languages used in creating the OpenSR framework are discussed, namely, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Twitter Bootstrap, Python, and Django. OpenSR is available for free download..
Version control in web development : case: FutuVision Media Ltd
HTML5 game engines : app development and distribution
Flash XML applications : use AS2 and AS3 to create photo galleries, menus, and databases
The web designer's roadmap
WebSocket essentials, building apps with HTML5 WebSockets : build your own real-time web applications using HTML5 WebSockets
Web performance daybook. Volume 2
Mastering cloud computing : foundations and applications programming
Java WebSocket programming : develop, deploy, and secure dynamic web applications
OpenSR: an open-source stimulus-response testing framework
Beginning Java EE 6 platform with GlassFish 3
A smarter way to learn JavaScript : the new approach that uses technology to cut your effort in half
Fundamentals of sensor network programming : applications and technology
Design and Implementation of a Wireless ZigBee Mesh Network
Joomla! Mobile development beginner's guide : build Joomla! websites for mobile devices
Liferay in action : the official guide to Liferay Portal development
Designing and developing ASP.NET applications using the Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5. : exam 70-564
Book of Vaadin : Vaadin 7 edition - 1st revision
Flash 10 multiplayer game essentials : create exciting real-time multiplayer games using Flash
Designing and developing ASP.NET applications using the Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5. framework : exam 70-564
Microsoft ADO.NET
MODx web development : build dynamix websites with MODx PHP application framework and CSM
Book of Vaadin. Vol 2.
Modern PHP : new features and good practices
Programming microsoft ASP.NET MVC
Modern web development : understanding domains, technologies, and user experience
HTML5 for dummies : eLearning kit
jQuery UI
Java and android application development for dummies : ebook set
Book of Vaadin : Vaadin 6.2
Building ASP.NET Web Pages with Microsoft WebMatrix
jQuery 1.4 reference guide : a comprehensive exploration of the popular JavaScript library
Professional jQuery
Introduction to Windows Azure : an introduction to cloud computing using Microsoft Windows Azure
Learning Drupal 8
Laatupuntari - development and documentation
OpenCart 1.4 beginner's guide : build and manage professional online shopping stores easily using OpenCart
Order book and volume tracking tool
IMPLEMENT CHINESE TO ERP FRAMEWORK
Mobile first as a best practice in web design
Business and E-commerce in Drupal
Beginning Drupal 8 teaches you how to build, maintain, and manage Drupal 8-based web sites. The book covers what Drupal is, using Drupal when building a new web site, installing and configuring Drupal, creating and managing content, managing users, adding functionality to your web site through Drupal modules, and advanced topics on using themes, panels, and views. The book also builds practical examples of common Drupal sites, such as a company website, a community website, and a commerce website, that you can take and expand on to create your own Drupal 8 sites. By reading this book, you will understand the power of the Drupal platform, and why you should be using Drupal if you're not already. Through following the samples in the book, you will quickly build your confidence and your ability to use Drupal. Beginning Drupal 8 gives you the knowledge necessary to build, deploy, and manage web sites on Drupal 8.
Professional JavaScript for Web developers
Getting started with React : a light but powerful way to build dynamic real-time applications using ReactJS
Professional Node.js : building JavaScript based scalable software
Applied jQuery : develop and design
Applied ASP.NET 4 in context
Inclusive design patterns : Coding accessibility into web design
Engineering web applications : architectural principles for web software
Book of Vaadin : Vaadin 7 edition
Analyzing and designing a web application for fashion industry
Drupal 8 theming with Twig
Guide to web development with Java : understanding website creation
Adobe Edge animate classroom in a book : the official training workbook from Adobe Systems
Order Book and Volume Tracking Tool
Angular 2 development with TypeScript
CCNA Cisco certified network associate : study guide
Adobe Dreamweaver CC : 2015 release
Book of Vaadin : Volume 2.
Creating mobile apps with jQuery Mobile : create fully responsive and versatile real-world apps for smartphones with jQuery Mobile 1.4.5
Unity Networking : Developing a single player game into a multiplayer game
Getting Started with React will help you implement the Reactive paradigm to build stateless and asynchronous apps with React. We will begin with an overview of ReactJS and its evolution over the years, followed by building a simple React component. We will then build the same react component with JSX syntax to demystify its usage. You will see how to configure the Facebook Graph API, get your likes list, and render it using React.
Continuous testing with Ruby, Rails, and JavaScript
WooCommerce cookbook : create, design, and manage your own personalized online store with WooCommerce, the fastest growing e-commerce platform
Just enough web programming with XHTML, PHP and MySQL
Abstract: The purpose of this research was to build new website development plan of case company which was in line with international standard and work as marketing tool to serve better in existing and possible target markets. Pine international website was established in 2002. Hence, new website development plan was required which works as step by step guide to make successful website. Research was divided in to theoretical and empirical sections.  Theoretical section began with introducing good business website, its role and characteristics. Business model of customer interface of website design and Sweeney's steps model of website development were discussed in detail. 7Cs of customer interface emphasized on seven key elements content, context, communication, connection, customization, commerce and community. These seven elements worked as foundation of every website success. While, Sweeney's steps model of website development focuses on blue print of the website, design and interface which includes content, navigation, information architecture and functionality, formation of a website, necessary supporting applications, launch and marketing of the website followed by the tracking the results, testing and revision. Qualitative research methods was used and semi structured interview method was utilized for data collection while summary as data analysis approach. Seven interviews were conducted with relevant industry professionals to know their views about web design, international website standard, and evaluation and traffic management for the website. While, two experts were selected to compare the three websites and review their strengths and weaknesses which is considered as best practice benchmarking.  The main outcome of study is that Pine's existing website has many areas of improvement such as design, customer interface and layout of website. In the new website, target users should be the center focus at every step of website development. While, functionality and navigation should be hassle free and must convey company's message in mere seconds. Pine international must give attention to each C of customer interface to make user centric website. This new website should work as a tool to create brand image and awareness about the company. Pakistan is one of the fast growing mobile users market which holds a futuristic opportunity in the areas such as eRetail shops for medical health care products. Hence, there is a clear need to invest in this sector to gain competence in growing future market. This study has provided guidelines and framework for successful business website which will be used as benchmark for Pine International's new website development process.
Professional Flash mobile development : creating Android and iPhone applications
Coding for dummies
HTML5  : your visual blueprint for designing rich web pages and applications
Building Node applications with MongoDB and Backbone
If you want to develop and structure pages for the web, HTML5 is one of the tools you need. This invaluable eLearning kit steps you through learning HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript. With this dynamic combination of a full-color printed book and a Dummies interactive eLearning course on CD, you'll find a wealth of information on HTML5. Featuring both written and animated step-by-step how-tos, practice labs, helpful videos, numerous examples, and a host of Dummies hints and tips, this package makes your learning process easier.
The practical handbook of internet computing
jQuery essentials : optimize and implement the features of jQuery to build and maintain your websites with minimum hassle
Liferay employs a specialized theming system that allows you to change the look and feel of the user interfaces. Liferay Portal provides layout templates in order to describe how various columns and rows are arranged to display portlets. It also provides themes that can be used to customize the overall look and feel of web sites and web pages. As a developer, by using the right tools to create and manipulate themes with Liferay Portal 6.2, you can get your site to look any way you want it to; however the Liferay theming system can be difficult to get started with.
Trainer and training
Automation of a Quality Measurement System for Wireless @450 Broadband Network
Whether you're sharing data between two internal systems or building an API so that users can access their data, this practical guide has everything you need to build APIs with PHP. Author Lorna Jane Mitchell provides lots of hands-on code samples, real-world examples, and advice based on her extensive experience to guide you through the process--from the underlying theory to methods for making your service robust / Amazon.com.
Traditionally, web applications have been architected so that the back-end houses all the front-end code. This has resulted in heavy projects that are difficult to manage and scale. This book will explain a new way to write web applications by treating the front-end as if it were a third-party (such as a mobile client). This book, written by a practicing MEAN developer, will take a holistic approach to using the MEAN JavaScript platform for creating modern web applications and lay out how to use the MEAN (Mongo, Express, AngularJS, and Node.js) set of tools to create a web application, from installation and setup of the tools to debugging and deploying your app. After an introduction to how web development is changing and the advantages of using the MEAN stack, the author jumps into an introduction to each tool and then dives into using the complete JavaScript-based application stack to build, test, and deploy apps.
In charge of a website? Here's what you need to know about key web technologies! Learn how the four essential web technologies work together to create web services, validate web forms, and set up a members-only site! /
Development of a prototybe web shop
The objective of this thesis was to design and develop an interactive web application for TeliaSonera. The application was meant to become easy and simple to use. The application is a staff directory and it is based on a tool that was previously developed for TeliaSonera. The target group for this application are the employees of TeliaSonera but especially the newcomers. This application is used to search contacts, who you can ask for help and advice with solving any problem related with TeliaSonera.Tags are used to find the contacts. The application was made interactive by programming it with JavaScript and jQuery which is a JavaScript Library. PHP was used to make web application dynamic. PostgreSQL object-relational database management system was used as a database server.
Beginning HTML, XHTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Internet & world wide web : how to program
IT Statler - operative tool built on SharePoint/MOSS 2007
Jump start JavaScript
This text is aimed at beginners and intermediate users of Dreamweaver to teach them how to launch powerful Web sites. It takes the reader step-by-step through the new features in Dreamweaver CS6.
Web based error reporting management application
New website development plan for Pine international
Creating mobile apps with jQuery mobile : learn to make practical, unique, real-world sites that span a variety of industries and technologies with the world's most popular mobile development library
