http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22808 sharia
sharia Islamic law
In the shadow of shari'ah : Islam, Islamic law, and democracy in Pakistan
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for young people and students
Maqasid al-shariah as philosophy of Islamic law : a systems approach
A history of Islamic Law
Family law in contemporary Iran : women's rights activism and Shari'a
Women in Islam : reflections on historical and contemporary research
"How do a legal order and the rule of law develop in a war-torn state? Using his field research in Sudan, the author uncovers how colonial administrators, postcolonial governments, and international aid agencies have used legal tools, practices, and resources to promote stability and their own visions of the rule of law amid political violence and war in Sudan. Tracing the dramatic development of three forms of legal politics - colonial, authoritarian, and humanitarian - this book contributes to a growing body of scholarship on law in authoritarian regimes and on human rights and legal empowerment programs in the Global South. Refuting the conventional wisdom of a legal vacuum in failed states, this book reveals how law matters deeply even in the most extreme cases of states still fighting for political stability"--
Sex crimes in Islam : heterosexual and homosexual trasgressions in Sunnī Islam in the formative and medieval periods of Islamic law
The impossible state : Islam, politics, and modernity's moral predicament
The Qurʼān's legal culture : the Didascalia Apostolorum as a point of departure
Why the West is best : a Muslim apostate's defense of liberal democracy
Shi'a Islam : from religion to revolution
The formation of the Sunni schools of law, 9th-10th centuries C.E
Islamic law : from historical foundations to contemporary practice
Between God and the sultan : a history of Islamic law
The Sharīʻa in the constitutions of Afghanistan, Iran and Egypt - implications for private law
Relations of Muslims and non-Muslims
A new introduction to Islam
Major legal systems in the world today : an introduction to the comparative study of law
Inside ISIS : the brutal rise of a terrorist army
The boundaries of meaning and the formation of law : legal concepts and reasoning in the English, Arabic, and Chinese traditions
Islamic law : theory and practice
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the peace and has become a major threat to world peace. The Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism provides resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narratives.
Law and education in medieval Islam : studies in memory of Professor George Makdisi
Feminism and Islamic fundamentalism : the limits of postmodern analysis
Islam and sufism in Daghestan
Shari'ah law : an introduction
Narratives of Islamic legal theory
The Qurʾānic term kalāla : studies in Arabic language and poetry, ḥadīt̲, tafsīr, and fiqh ; notes on the origins of Islamic law
The concert of civilizations
The right to development in international law : the case of Pakistan
Media, religion, and politics in Pakistan
Law and the Islamic world : past and present : papers presented to the joint seminar at the Universities of Copenhagen and Lund, March 26th-27th, 1993
Principles of Mahomedan law
Sharia incorporated : a comparative overview of the legal systems of twelve Muslim countries in past and present
Shari'a in the west
A history of Islamic legal theories : an introduction to Sunnī uṣūl al-fiqh
Christian Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Vol. 3, 1050-1200
Evaluation of Social Reporting Practices of Islamic Banks in Saudi Arabia
Heaven on earth : a journey through shari'a law from the deserts of ancient Arabia to the streets of the modern Muslim world
Islam : a very short introduction
Defining Islamic statehood : measuring and indexing contemporary Muslim states
Sharia law for the non-muslim
The effect of islamic legislation on crime prevention in Saudi Arabia : proceedings of the symposium held in Rhiyadh, 16-21 Shawal 1396 A.H. (9-13 October 1976)
The world is facing a great dilemma due to despicable, inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism, indiscriminate killings, warfare, anarchy, disorder and suicide bombings over the past two decades. It is not only destroying the peace of any specific region, group or country but has become a major threat to world peace. Young People and Students living in various western countries who do not have conceptual clarity regarding Islam are wrongly considering terrorism and indiscriminate killing to be Jihad and are being drawn towards it. By quoting the Qur'an, hadith and texts from the books of Islamic Law out of context, they influence common Muslims who are not acquainted with the true teachings of Islam, especially youngsters. There is a need to provide authentic, comprehensive material against extremism to all people, from every walk of life, according to their needs, so that the conceptual and ideological confusions which may lead to terrorism can be eliminated. The  Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism was prepared for this purpose.
The Law Applied : contextualizing the Islamic Shari'a : a volume in honor of Frank E. Vogel
Muslims and crime : a comparative study
In the critical period when Islamic law first developed, a new breed of jurists developed a genre of legal theory treatises to explore how the fundamental moral teachings of Islam might operate as a legal system. Seemingly rhetorical and formulaic, these manuals have long been overlooked for the insight they offer into the early formation of Islamic conceptions of law and its role in social life. In this book, Rumee Ahmed shatters the prevailing misconceptions of the purpose and form of the Islamic legal treatise. Ahmed describes how Muslim jurists used the genre of legal theory to argue for individualized, highly creative narratives about the application of Islamic law while demonstrating loyalty to inherited principles and general prohibitions. These narratives are revealed through careful attention to the nuanced way in which legal theorists defined terms and concepts particular to the legal theory genre, and developed pictures of multiple worlds in which Islamic law should ideally function. Ahmed takes the reader into the logic of Islamic legal theory to uncover diverse conceptions of law and legal application in the Islamic tradition, clarifying and making accessible the sometimes obscure legal theories of central figures in the history of Islamic law. The book offers important insights about the ways in which legal philosophy and theology mutually influenced premodern jurists as they formulated their respective visions of law, ethics, and theology.
Family law in Islam : divorce, marriage and women in the Muslim world
The third choice : Islam, dhimmitude and freedom
Heaven on earth : a journey through shari'a law
A companion to the anthropology of the Middle East
Heaven on earth : a journey through Shari'a law
The theory of contracts in islamic law : a comparative analysis with particular reference to the modern legislation in Kuwait, Bahrain and The United Arab Emirates
Women in classical Islamic law : a survey of the sources
Islamic government : governance of the jurist
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for clerics, imams and teachers
Nonie Darwish presents an insider's look at Sharia. Living under Sharia law for the first thirty years of her life, a virtual slave to Islamic law, Darwish never questioned or challenged her rights - she didn't dare to even think about the validity of Sharia laws. She didn't try to examine what Sharia was, how it came about or why she followed it. This is Allah's law, she was told, and she knew what awaited those who questioned Allah's law. Cruel and Usual Punishment is an insider's look at how Muslims sacrifice their basic human rights to obey the archaic and brutal laws handed down to them by their prophet centuries ago and how Sharia law seeks to destroy democracy by infiltrating Western culture from within.
This book focuses on dealing with questions and concerns regarding long-term and sustainable peaceful relations between Muslims and non-Muslims, in both Muslim majority countries and also western countries where Muslims live as minorities. Dr Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri provides evidences and nuanced interpretations of the concepts 'The Abode of Islam, The Abode of Reconciliation, The Abode of Treaty, The Abode of Peace, and The Abode of War.' Clear definitions of these categories are offered, along with how different countries can and cannot be classified in each of these categories.
Christian Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Vol. 1. 600-900
Does God hate women?
An accessible introduction to postmodernism, feminist theory and Islamic fundamentalism, this book is a highly controversial intervention into the debate on postmodernism and feminism which looks at what happens when they are jointly employed to illuminate the sexual politics of Islam. The author describes the rise of Islamic fundamentalism and the West's response to it. Postmodernism has exposed the vested interests implicit in racist stereotyped and colonial images of Islam, particularly radical Islam. However, the author argues that regardless of the sophisticated argument of postmodernists and their suspicion of power, as an intellectual and political movement, postmodernism has put itself in service to power and the status quo. She brilliantly demonstrates how this has given rise to a neo-conservative feminism--or a new feminist orientalism, asking some hard questions of those who denounce the racism of Western feminism but uncritically embrace the Islamic identity of Muslim women.
Justice without drama : enacting family law in Gaza city Sharī'a Court
Human rights in the Arab world : indepedent voices
"What is the real definition of an Islamic state? How do the majority of Muslims govern themselves? How much do Muslims and non-Muslims really understand about the elements of an Islamic state? How can a true Islamic state function in a modern world? These questions bear heavily on the international community. They dominate the news. They spawn conflict. They generate misinformation. The answers are complex, but finding them is critical. Harnessing the expertise of leading Sunni and Shia academics, Defining Islamic Statehood searches for answers through dialogue, and seeks to define how an Islamic state forms and functions. It examines how Islamic principles bear on a nation's governance, jurisprudence, culture and policies, and measures how Muslim-majority countries meet the definition by analyzing how they deal with the aspects of modern life. Together with a group of eminent contributors, ranging from a retired Prime Minister, a former Chief Justice, and internationally recognized academics and experts on Islamic law and governance, Imam Fesial Abdul Rauf identifies and fulfils the critical need to determine the right balance between institutions of political authority and institutions of religious authority within the context of modern day governance. "--
The Islamic code of conduct for war and peace : an inquiry into the doctrinal prescriptions of Islam in the conduct of foreign policy
Shari'a : Islamic law in the contemporary context
Marriage and slavery in early Islam
Articles of Islamic acts
The Third Choice provides a introduction to Islam on the basis of its primary sources, the Qur'an and the life of Muhammad. Topics covered include the sharia; interpretation of the Qur'an; abrogation; women's rights (including female genital mutilation); lawful deception (taqiyya); Muhammad's responses to opposition; Islamic antisemitism; religious freedom; and prospects for reforming Islam. After this critical introduction of Islam, there follows an explanation and critique of Islam's policy for non-Muslims living under Islamic conditions. The doctrine of the three choices (conversion, the sword, or the dhimma pact of surrender to Islam) is explained, including an analysis of the meaning of tribute payments (jizya) made by non-Muslims (dhimmis) to their Muslim conquerors. Durie describes the impact of dhimmitude on the human rights of non-Muslims in Islamic contexts around the world today, in the light of global Islamic resurgence and advancing Islamization, including pressure being exerted through the United Nations for states to conform to sharia restrictions on freedom of speech. The Third Choice offers keys for understanding current trends in global politics, including the widening impact of sharia revival, deterioration of human rights in Islamic societies, jihad terrorism, recurring patterns of Western appeasement, interfaith dialogue initiatives, and the increasingly fraught relationship between migrant Muslim communities in the West and their host societies.
Before Revelation : the boundaries of Muslim moral thought
Business ethics in Islam
Law and power in the Islamic world
The origins and evolution of Islamic law
Non-Muslims in Muslim majority societies : with focus on the Middle East and Pakistan
The world's most dangerous place
Cruel and usual punishment
A history of the Arab peoples
Sharia versus freedom : the legacy of Islamic totalitarianism
Islamic family law
"Bernard Lewis is recognized around the globe as one of the leading authorities on Islam. Hailed as "the world's foremost Islamic scholar" (Wall Street Journal ), as "a towering figure among experts on the culture and religion of the Muslim world" (Baltimore Sun ), and as "the doyen of Middle Eastern studies" (New York Times ), Lewis is nothing less than a national treasure, a trusted voice that politicians, journalists, historians, and the general public have all turned to for insight into the Middle East. Now, Lewis has brought together writings on religion and government in the Middle East, so different than in the Western world. The collection includes previously unpublished writings, English originals of articles published before only in foreign languages, and an introduction to the book by Lewis"--Provided by publisher.
Faith and power : religion and politics in the Middle East
We, in the West in general, and the United States in particular, have witnessed over the last twenty years a slow erosion of our civilizational self-confidence. Under the influence of intellectuals and academics in Western universities, intellectuals such as Gore Vidal, Susan Sontag, Edward Said, and Noam Chomsky, and destructive intellectual fashions such as post-modernism, moral relativism, and multiculturalism, the West has lost all self-confidence in its own values, and seems incapable and unwilling to defend those values. By contrast, resurgent Islam, in all its forms, is supremely confident, and is able to exploit the West's moral weakness and cultural confusion to demand ever more concessions from her. The growing political and demographic power of Muslim communities in the West, aided and abetted by Western apologists of Islam, not to mention a compliant, pro-Islamic US Administration, has resulted in an ever-increasing demand for the implementation of Islamic law - the Sharia - into the fabric of Western law, and Western constitutions. There is an urgent need to examine why the Sharia is totally incompatible with Human Rights and the US Constitution. This book, the first of its kind, proposes to examine the Sharia and its potential and actual threat to democratic principles. This book defines and defends Western values, strengths and freedoms often taken for granted. This book also tackles the taboo subjects of racism in Asian culture, Arab slavery, and Islamic Imperialism. It begins with a homage to New York City, as a metaphor for all we hold dear in Western culture - pluralism, individualism, freedom of expression and thought, the complete freedom to pursue life, liberty and happiness unhampered by totalitarian regimes, and theocratic doctrines.
Passed into law over a decade before the Revolution, the Family Protection Law quickly drew the ire of the conservative clergy and the Ayatollah Khomeini in 1979. In fact, it was one of the first laws to be rescinded following the revolution. The law was hardly a surprising target, however, since women's status in Iran was then - and continues now to be - a central concern of Iranian political leaders, media commentators, and international observers alike. Taking up the issue of women's status in a modern context, Marianne Boe offers a nuanced view of how women's rights activists assert their rights within an Islamic context by weaving together religious and historical texts and narratives. Through Her substantial fieldwork and novel analysis, Boe undermines both the traditional view of 'Islamic Feminism' as monolithic and clears a path to a new understanding of the role of women's rights activists in shaping and synthesizing debates on the shari'a, women's rights and family law. As such, this book is essential for anyone studying family law and the role of women in contemporary Iran.
The lawful and the prohibited in Islam : (Al-Halal wal Haram fil Islam)
Fictions of justice : the International Criminal Court and the challenges of legal pluralism in Sub-Saharan Africa
Islamic law and international human rights law : searching for common ground?
Ash-Shafi'i's Risalah : basic ideas : with English translation of the chapters on an-Nāsikh wa-al-Mansūkh
Sexual violation in Islamic law : substance, evidence, and procedure
Muslims and global justice
In this book, Colin Imber has put together and edited four essays in the field of Islamic law by Norman Calder that have never been previously published.
Islamic jurisprudence in the classical era
Studies in Islamic legal theory
And God knows the soldiers : the authoritative and authoritarian in Islamic discourses
Fatwa : violence & discourtesy
Between feminism and Islam : human rights and Sharia Law in Morocco
Do the Qur'an and the Didascalia Apostolorum share a legal culture, as the laws and the legal narratives of both texts suggest? Holger Michael Zellentin assesses the close affinity between both texts in light of the chronological, linguistic, and religious differences that separate them, offering new insights on the communities of Late Antique Judaism, Christianity, and the Qur'an.
Tourism in the Muslim world
Christian Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Vol. 2, 900-1050
Contesting justice : women, Islam, law, and society
An introduction to Islamic law
There are two major women's movements in Morocco: the Islamists who hold shari'a as the platform for building a culture of women's rights, and the feminists who use the United Nations' framework to amend shari'a law. Between Feminism and Islam shows how the interactions of these movements over the past two decades have transformed the debates, the organization, and the strategies of each other. In Between Feminism and Islam, Zakia Salime looks at three key movement moments: the 1992 feminist One Million Signature Campaign, the 2000 Islamist mass rally opposing the reform of family law, and the 2003 Casablanca attacks by a group of Islamist radicals. At the core of these moments are disputes over legitimacy, national identity, gender representations, and political negotiations for shaping state gender policies. Located at the intersection of feminism and Islam, these conflicts have led to the Islamization of feminists on the one hand and the feminization of Islamists on the other. Documenting the synergistic relationship between these movements, Salime reveals how the boundaries of feminism and Islamism have been radically reconfigured. She offers a new conceptual framework for studying social movements, one that allows us to understand how Islamic feminism is influencing global debates on human rights.
This book provides a detailed analysis of Islamic juristic writings on the topic of rape and argues that classical Islamic jurisprudence contained nuanced, substantially divergent doctrines of sexual violation as a punishable crime. The work centers on legal discourses of the first six centuries of Islam, the period during which these discourses reached their classical forms, and chronicles the juristic conflict over whether or not to provide monetary compensation to victims. Along with tracing the emergence and development of this conflict over time, Hina Azam explains evidentiary ramifications of each of the two competing positions, which are examined through debates between the Ḥanafī and Mālikī schools of law. This study examines several critical themes in Islamic law, such as the relationship between sexuality and property, the tension between divine rights and personal rights in sex crimes, and justifications of victim's rights afforded by the two competing doctrines.
Women's shariah court - muslim women's quest for justice : an alternative dispute resolution forum for and by muslim women
Both Muslims and non-Muslims see women in most Muslim countries as suffering from social, economic, and political discrimination, treated by law and society as second-class citizens subject to male authority. This discrimination is attributed to Islam and Islamic law, and since the late 19th century there has been a mass of literature tackling this issue. Recently, exciting new feminist research has been challenging gender discrimination and male authority from within Islamic legal tradition: this book presents some important results from that research. The contributors all engage critically with two central juristic concepts; rooted in the Qur'an, they lie at the basis of this discrimination. One refers to a husband's authority over his wife, his financial responsibility toward her, and his superior status and rights. The other is male family members' right and duty of guardianship over female members (e.g., fathers over daughters when entering into marriage contracts) and the privileging of fathers over mothers in guardianship rights over their children. The contributors, brought together by the Musawah global movement for equality and justice in the Muslim family, include Omaima Abou-Bakr, Asma Lamrabet, Ayesha Chaudhry, Sa'diyya Shaikh, Lynn Welchman, Marwa Sharefeldin, Lena Larsen and Amina Wadud. -- Review: 'Brimming with fact and insight, these critical and constructive essays by a global array of scholars and reformers focus our attention on how patriarchy functions in Muslim texts and contexts, and how it can be challenged. Their distinctive analyses converge and diverge, leading the reader to a new awareness of the range and power of Muslim feminist thought in the twenty-first century.' -- Kecia Ali - Associate Professor of Religion, Boston University 'Bar none, this is the best treatment of women and Islamic law that I have read in the past twenty years ... profound, eye-opening and even exhilarating. It is difficult for me to take seriously any student or scholar dealing with the subject of guardianship of men over women in Islam unless, or until, they have read and digested this book.' -- Dr. Khaled Abou El Fadl - Omar and Azmeralda Alfi Professor of Law, UCLA School of Law 'A highly stimulating collection of pieces by notable scholars and activists that critically examines the concepts of qiwamah and wilayah in the Muslim legal tradition, Men in Charge provides a complex and clearly articulated analyses of the problems with the dominant exegetical and juristic understandings of gender relations. This volume ventures beyond a mere critique; it offers significant alternative readings of Islam's epistemological sources and delivers significant insights into gender relations from diverse perspectives including Islam's spiritual tradition and the lived realities of Muslim women with a view to offering ethical and just alternatives to the dominant and traditional understanding of gender relations. Men in Charge is, without a doubt, an extremely valuable contribution to the discourse on gender relations, equality, justice and women's rights in Islam and among Muslims.' -- Farid Esack - Professor in the Study of Islam and Head of Department of Religion Studies, University of Johannesburg.
Mastering Islamic finance : a practical guide to Sharia-compliant banking, investment and insurance
Analysing Muslim traditions : studies in legal, exegetical and Maghazi hadith
Muhammadan law : an abridgement according to its various schools
Shari'at and ambiguity in South Asian Islam
Christian Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Vol. 4, 1200-1350
Islamic theology, philosophy and law : debating Ibn Taymiyya and Ibn Qayyim al-Jawziyya
Sharia, Muslim states and international human rights treaty obligations : a comparative study
In February 2008, the Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Rowan Williams, delivered a public lecture in which he stated that it seem[ed] unavoidable that certain aspects of Islamic law (Shari'a) would be recognized and incorporated into British law. The comments provoked outrage from sections of the public who viewed any recognition of Shari'a law in Britain with alarm. In July 2008 Lord Phillips, Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales, weighed into the fray. He praised the Archbishop's speech and gave qualified support for Shari'a principles to govern certain family and civil disputes. Responding to the polarised debate that followed these lectures, this is a collection of short essays written by distinguished and prominent scholars addressing the question of the accommodation of Shari'a within the legal systems of the liberal-democratic West. The matters raised in the two 2008 lectures provide a springboard for lively discussion, criticism and debate on both the specific question of religious/cultural accommodation by the law and the wider issues of multiculturalism, equality before the law and the desirability of parallel jurisdictions for particular faith communities. Leading scholars from a range of countries and academic disciplines, and representing different political viewpoints and faith traditions explore the complex issues surrounding the legal recognition of religious faith in a multicultural society. The volume aims to stimulate further thought on a complex issue, and to open up new pathways for policymakers and civil society institutions grappling with the relationship between Shari'a and Western legal systems.
Men in charge? : rethinking authority in Muslim legal tradition
Islamism and Islam
War and peace in the law of Islam
The beheading and other true stories
Capital punishment : strategies for abolition
Martyrdom in Islam
Misquoting Muhammad : the challenge and choices of interpreting the Prophet's legacy
The Islamic conception of justice
Family law : (Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Parsis and Jews)
Before Revelation studies the development of Muslim jurisprudential and theological thought as expressed in the extensive dispute over the assessment of acts that took place before the arrival of Revelation. Between the ninth and nineteenth centuries Muslims debated, often fiercely, the question, "What is the value of an act moving from place to place, breathing, or eating a tasty food, for instance - before Revelation arrives?" That is, Muslims, whose existence as Muslims derived from the Quranic Revelation, debated whether acts could be called "good," or reprehensible," before the Quran. This book analyzes that prolonged debate from a History of Religions perspective, using sources from the Mulsim sciences of jurisprudential theory (usul al-fiqh) and theology (kalam).
Reflections on the revolution in Europe : immigration, islam and the west
Islam beyond conflict : Indonesian Islam and Western political theory
Law's fragile state : colonial, authoritarian, and humanitarian legacies in Sudan
"In the wake of the colossal acts of terrorism of the last decade, the legal historian and human rights lawyer Sadakat Kadri realized that many people in the West had ideas about the origins and implications of the shari'a, or Islamic law, that were hazy, contradictory, or simply wrong. Even as "shari'a" became a loaded word and an all-encompassing explanation, most of us remained ignorant of its true meaning. And we were doing this at our peril. In Heaven on Earth, Kadri brings lucid wit and analytical skill to the thrilling and turbulent story of Islam's foundation and expansion. He shows how legal ideas gradually evolved out of thousands of reports about the Prophet Mohammad, most of which were not even written down until two centuries after his death. And he explains how, just in the last forty years, the shari'a has been appropriated and transformed by hardliners desperate to impose their oppressive vision. In the second half of the book, Kadri takes us on an extraordinary journey through more than half a dozen countries in the Islamic world, where he explores, in striking detail, how the shari'a is taught, read, reinterpreted, reverenced, and challenged--beginning at the eight-hundred-year old Indian grave of his Sufi mystic ancestor, and ending in Cairo's City of the Dead, where one of Islam's greatest legal scholars still gets daily requests for legal miracles twelve centuries after his death. Heaven on Earth is a brilliantly iconoclastic tour through one of history's great collective intellectual achievements, as complex as the religion that brought it to life. The shari'a continues to shape both explosive political circumstances and the daily life of more than a billion Muslims, and Sadakat Kadri has given us a compelling and clarifying portrait of a changeable world of faith, reason, and justice"--
"A Companion to the Anthropology of the Middle East presents a comprehensive overview of current trends and future directions in anthropological research and activism in the modern Middle East"--
