http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22800 fat content
fat content
Abstract.
An examination of factors affecting the fat : protein ratio of milk produced by cows offered grass silage-based diets
Consumer acceptance of reduced-fat foods : the effects of product information
Role of forage species and conservation method in ruminal lipid metabolism, mammary lipogenesis and milk fatty acid composition in lactating cows
Cholecalciferol contents in fortified margarine and milk
Obesity is associated with greater risk of several diseases, such as type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) within the fat mass- and obesity-associated gene FTO are robustly associated with increased body mass index (BMI) in several age and ethnic groups. Studies with transgenic mice support a mechanistic role for FTO protein in energy metabolism. Fto-deficient mice are leaner than wild-type and overexpression of Fto leads to obese phenotype; however, the precise mechanism of FTO action in the control of BMI has remained obscure. Fto mRNA is most abundant in the brain while high expression is present also in white and brown adipose tissues (WAT and BAT, respectively). WAT stores the nutritional energy and BAT dissipates it to produce heat. Furthermore, these organs participate in a complex endocrine network affecting the whole body metabolism, which is more or less disrupted in obesity. In the browning process, white adipocytes begin to manifest brown characteristics. MicroRNAs (miRNA) are small RNA molecules, which fine-tune post-transcriptionally the expression of genes important in several cellular processes, including WAT and BAT differentiation and browning of WAT. FTO has been shown to participate in these processes as well as miRNA regulation.The current study used a new Fto-deficient mouse model to reveal deeper insights into the role of Fto on genes affecting WAT and BAT differentiation and function, as well as WAT browning. Furthermore, the effects of Fto on the miRNA regulation in WAT browning and BAT were investigated. Our results supported a role for Fto in adipose tissue. Fto-deficient mice were resistant to diet-induced obesity and their WAT and BAT adipocytes did not become hypertrophic similar to wild-type on high-fat diet. Furthermore, the expression of genes affecting adipose tissue differentiation and function was altered in Fto-deficient WAT and BAT, especially after high-fat diet, and the changes may be mediated via altered miRNA expression. Fto-deficient WAT was more susceptible to browning, which in part contributed to the lean phenotype of these mice. Current study supported a role for Fto in whole body metabolism and adaptation of adipose tissue to changes in dietary environment.
A novel pre-treatment for cheese production : biochemistry, sensory perception and consumer acceptance
Effect of phenolic-rich plant materials on protein and lipid oxidation reactions
Raw material characteristics and treatment - effects on yield and quality of cold-smoked Atlantic salmon = Råmaterialets betydning for utbytte og kvalitet på kald-røykt Atlantisk laks
Pressure to change and resistance against it: consumer perceptions and acceptance of nutritionally modified foods
Effects of weight loss, rosiglitazone and metformin on liver fat content, insulin resistance and gene expression in adipose tissue
Production of oleaginous microbial biomass by reusing wastewaters
Ruoka-aineiden ravintoainesisältö = Livsmedlens näringsinnehåll = Nutrient composition of foods
Liver fat in the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes
Texture, fat content and product yield of salmonids = Tekstur, fettinnhold og produktutbytte hos laksefisk
Instrumentally measured release and human perception of aroma compounds from foods and model systems differing in fat content
Effect of lactation period on fatty acid profile of breast milk
Role of Fto in the gene and microRNA expression of mouse adipose tissues in response to high-fat diet
