http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22876 religious identity
religious identity
Religious identity in late antiquity : Greeks, Jews and Christians in Antioch
Irish Protestant Identities
Buddhist and Christian? : an exploration of dual belonging
Insider/outsider issues are of central importance for the definitions of religion and for the identity of religious groups, for the subjectivity and relationships of their adherents, for methodological issues within the study of religions and for the relationship between non-theological and thological studies of religion. Conceptions of 'inside', 'outside' and 'boundary', the emotions surrounding them, their origins in the social relations of body, family and strangers, and the metaphors used to depict and manage them all provide important insights for thinking about religions, how they are studies and by whom. A discussion of socio-spatial and cognitive linguistic theories of categorisation, containment and boundary-making is followed by several case studies in which territories and boundaries are explored with reference to the relationship between 'religion' and 'magic' in medieval Europe, the Enlightenment construction of 'religion', 'religions' and 'non-religion', and briefly, the disciplinary engagement of religious studies and theology. The application of the concept of the 'sacred' to these boundaries and the spaces they produce is considered.
Awkward encounters : orthodox Jewry and the internet
Central African identities and religiosity in colonial minas gerais
Modern Muslim identities : negotiating religion and ethnicity in Malaysia
Religion and the individual : belief, practice, identity
Accessing health care : a look into the culture of foreigners living in Salo, Finland for better service provision
Religious identity and renewal in the twenty-first century : Christian and Muslim explorations
Missionary impositions : conversion, resistance, and other challenges to objectivity in religious ethnography
Remaking identities : God, nation, and race in world history
Community identity : dynamics of religion in context
Religious identity and national heritage : empirical-theological perspectives
Religion, ritual and mythology : aspects of identity formation in Europe
"The last century witnessed a gradual but profound transformation of the West's religious landscape. In today's context of diversity, people are often influenced by more than one religion. Buddhism and Christianity is a particularly prevalent and fascinating combination. This book presents a detailed exploration of Buddhist Christian dual belonging, engaging - from both Buddhist and Christian perspectives - the questions that arise, and drawing on extensive interviews with well-known individuals in the vanguard of this important and growing phenomenon. The book looks at how it is possible to be authentically Buddhist and authentically Christian despite the differences in religion beliefs and practices. It discusses whether those who identify themselves as belonging to both traditions are profoundly irrational, religiously schizophrenic or perhaps just spiritually superficial, or if it is possible to reconcile the thought and practice of Buddhism and Christianity in such a way that one can be deeply committed to both. Finally, the book looks at whether the influence of Buddhist Christians on each of these traditions is something to be regretted or celebrated. It is an interesting contribution to studies on Asian Religion and Theology"--
Emotion, identity, and religion : hope, reciprocity and otherness
Complex identities in a shifting world : practical theological perspectives
Group identity and religious individuality in late antiquity
Religion and popular music in Europe : new expressions of sacred and secular identity
The faith of William Shakespeare
Summary.
Made holy : Irish women religious at home and abroad
Inside, outside and the space in-between : territories and boundaries in the study of religion
Muslim childhood : religious nurture in a European context
Staying on the straight path : religious identities and practices among young muslims in Norway
Inter-religious relations on the frontier of the Kola peninsula, Finland and Norway from the late 19th century and early 20th century
Mobile performances : a philosophical account of linguistic undecidability as possibility and problem in the theology of religion
Searching for heaven in the real world : a sociological discussion of conversion in the Arab world
Atheism and deism revalued : heterodox religious identities in Britain, 1650-1800
The archaeology of identity : approaches to gender, age, status, ethnicity and religion
Religiǰa religioznost i savremena kultura : ot mističnog do (i)racionalnog i vice versa = Religion, religiosity and contemporary culture : from mystical to (l)rational and vice versa
Varieties of European ethics in historical perspective / Juha Sihvola
For the love of God, Marie!
Religious education in a multicultural Europe : children, parents and schools
British Muslim converts : choosing alternative lives
Church and religious life in post-communist societies : papers of ISORECEA Conferences
On pilgrimage : the best of ten years of Vox Benedictina
Integration : a multifaith approach 2007-2009 : project report
Minority nationalisms in South Asia
Faster for the master! : exploring issues of religious expression and alternative Christian identity within the Finnish Christian metal music scene
Grounds for difference
Migration and religion in Europe : comparative perspectives on South Asian experiences
Fundamentalism : ethnographies on minorities, discrimination and transnationalism
Nordic folk churches and national identity in the 20th century
Religion and conflict in modern South Asia
"This is a detailed exploration of Buddhist Christian dual belonging, engaging - from both Buddhist and Christian perspectives - the questions that arise, and drawing on extensive interviews with well-known individuals in the vanguard of this important and growing phenomenon. The issue is pressing insofar the last century has witnessed a gradual but profound transformation of the West's religious landscape. In today's context of diversity, people are often influenced by more than one religion. Multireligious identities are consequently on the rise. At one end of the spectrum are those who identify themselves as fully belonging to more than one tradition. One of the most prevalent combinations is Christianity and Buddhism This book addresses central and fundamental questions. How is it possible to be authentically Buddhist and authentically Christian when, for example, God is central to Christianity yet absent from Buddhism; when Christians have faith in Jesus Christ while Buddhists take refuge in the Buddha; when Christians hope for heaven and Buddhists hope for nirvana; and when Buddhists and Christians engage in different practices? Are those who identify themselves as belonging to both traditions profoundly irrational, religiously schizophrenic, or perhaps just spiritually superficial? Or is it possible somehow to reconcile the thought and practice of Buddhism and Christianity in such a way that one can be deeply committed to both? And if it is possible, will the influence of Buddhist Christians on each of these traditions be something to be regretted or celebrated?"--
While adjusting to a new identity is akin to adjusting to a new set of skin, even more difficult is realising that this new skin may not be as comfortable or as pleasant as the old one. In Searching for Heaven in the Real World, Kathryn Kraft explores the breadth of psychological and societal issues faced by Arab Muslims after making a decision to adopt a faith in Christ or Christianity, investigating some of the most surprising and significant challenges new believers face. Arab Muslims arrive at a point of new faith with great expectations. With such high hopes for what they will experience in their new identity, they are bound to encounter a reality that is different. They need to invest a great deal of emotional energy in addressing their expectations and what they actually encounter. Even so, those who stay the course of faith usually hold on to their dreams, believing that heaven is not only for the afterlife but it is for the real world as well.
"Religion and Conflict in Modern South Asia is one of the first single-author comparisons of different South Asian states around the theme of religious conflict. Based on new research and syntheses of the literature on "communalism" it argues that religious conflict in this region in the modern period was never simply based on sectarian or theological differences or the clash of civilizations. Instead, the book proposes that the connection between religious radicalism and everyday violence relates to the actual (and perceived) weaknesses of political and state structures. For some, religious and ethnic mobilisation has provided a means of protest, where representative institutions failed. For others, it became a method of dealing with an uncertain political and economic future. For many it has no concrete or deliberate function, but has effectively upheld social stability, paternalism and local power, in the face of globalisation and the growing aspirations of the region's most underprivileged citizens"--
Hyphenated Christians : towards a better understanding of dual religious belonging
"This is an incisive analysis of religious conflict in South Asia, which, the author contends, arises out of the weakness of political and state structures rather than the clash of civilizations"--
Believing in Russia : religious policy after communism
William Shakespeare stills stands head and shoulders above any other author in the English language, a position that is unlikely ever to change. Yet it is often said that we know very little about him – and that applies as much to what he believed as it does to the rest of his biography. Or does it? In this authoritative new study, Graham Holderness takes us through the context of Shakespeare’s life, times of religious and political turmoil, and looks at what we do know of Shakespeare the Anglican. But then he goes beyond that, and mines the plays themselves, not just for the words of the characters, but for the concepts, themes and language which Shakespeare was himself steeped in – the language of the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer. Considering particularly such plays as Richard ll, Henry V, The Merchant of Venice, Measure for Measure, Hamlet, Othello, The Tempest and The Winter’s Tale, Holderness shows how the ideas of Catholicism come up against those of Luther and Calvin; how Christianity was woven deep into Shakespeare’s psyche, and how he brought it again and again to his art.
Sikh identity : an exploration of groups among Sikhs
Routledge handbook of identity studies
Between buddhism and christianity : spirituality in Desolation angels by Jack Kerouac
Sprache und Religion = Language and religion = Langue et religion
The thorn birds
Nine lives : in search of the sacred in modern India
Beginning with the role religion played in the lives of believers in West Africa, eastern North America, and western Europe in about 1500, author Carla Gardina Pestana shows how the Protestant Reformation helped to fuel colonial expansion as bitter rivalries prompted a fierce competition for souls.
My way : a Muslim woman's journey
The revival of Islam in the Balkans : from identity to religiosity
Who needs Arab-Jewish identity? : interpellation, exclusion, and inessential solidarities
Divided houses : religion and gender in modern France
Fragile identities : towards a theology of interreligious hospitality
"This volume brings together sixteen articles on the religions, literatures and histories of South and Central Asia in tribute to Patrick Olivelle, one of North America's leading Sanskritists and historians of early India. An exceptionally prolific scholar, Olivelle's best-known works include 'Manu's Code of Law (2005), 'The Early Upanisads' (1998) and 'The Āśrama System' (1993). Over the last four decades, the focus of his scholarship has been on the ascentic and legal traditions of India, but his work as both a researcher and a teacher extends beyond early Indian religion and literature. [Title] is a testament to that influence. The contributions in this volume, many by former students of Olivelle, are committed to linguistic and historical rigor, combined with sensitivity to how the study of Asia has been changing over the last few decades. Several of the essays examine the construction of religious and cultural identity (whether among Brahmins, Buddhists, Dalits, or Muslims), while others are concerned particularly with problems of historical reconstruction and textual interpretation."--P [4] of cover.
The construction of Muslim identities in contemporary Brazil
Catholic identity and the revolt of the Netherlands, 1520-1635
Deep emotions pervade our human lives and ongoing moods echo them. Religious traditions often shape these and give devotees a sense of identity in a hopeful and meaningful life despite the conflicts, confusion, pain and grief of existence. Driven by anthropological and sociological perspectives, Douglas J. Davies describes and analyses these dynamic tensions and life opportunities as they are worked out in ritual, music, theology, and the allure of sacred places. Davies brings some newer concepts to these familiar ideas, such as 'the humility response' and 'moral-somatic' processes, revealing how our sense of ourselves responds to how we are treated by others as when injustice makes us 'feel sick' or religious ideas of grace prompt joyfulness. This sense of embodied identity is shown to be influenced not only by 'reciprocity' in the many forms of exchange, gifts, merit, and actions of others, but also by a certain sense of 'otherness, whether in God, ancestors, supernatural forces or even a certain awareness of ourselves. Drawing from psychological studies of how our thinking processes engage with the worlds around us we see how difficult it is to separate out 'religious' activity from many other aspects of human response to our environment. Throughout these pages many examples are taken from the well-known religions of the world as well as from local and secular traditions.
The religious dimensions of advertising
The invention of the Jewish people
Believing in Britain : the spiritual identity of 'Britishness'
Youth on religion : the development, negotiation and impact of faith and non-faith identity
This book-shows the results Cristina Maria de Castro's comparative study of the construction of Muslim identities in two communities located in S©Đo Paulo, the state that receives most Muslim immigrants in Brazil. The issue of construction of identities of this religious minority was undertaken in relation to the pressures of Brazilian society, characterized by the strong presence of Catholicism, the growth of Protestantism, the fundamentally Western culture, the secular state, the dependency of the United States, and the tradition of welcoming immigrants and absorbing them in a process of Brazilianization. The impact of globalization on this minority group, both in the sense of the propagation of negative stereotypes in relation to Islam and its faithful, as a consequence of the influence of the Orientalist media and academia, as well as the sense of strengthening of the bonds of the diaspora with the rest of the Muslim world is also considered. Finally, Castro look at the internal negotiations between immigrants and converts and between men and women for the definition of what is a Muslim and the possible appearance of different Islamic practices and discourses generated by diversified occupations, ethnicities and spatial distributions. In addition to illustrating the variety of values, conceptions, and beliefs that Muslims have in Brazil, this work intends to facilitate the perception of how the national and cultural context and global tendencies that influence Muslim minorities throughout the world, presenting a comparative research between the Muslim communities in Brazil and The Netherlands. Book jacket.
On identity / translated from the french by Barbara Bray
Balkans and Islam : encounter, transformation, discontinuity, continuity
Religious agency, travel and memory : transnational Islam of Senegalese Murids in Helsinki
Ecclesial identification beyond transactional individualism? : a case study of life strategies in growing late modern churches
Religion, politics and law in the European Union
Conflict of national identity in Sudan
The Sage handbook of identities
Religious pluralism in the diaspora
Theologies of liberation and reconstruction : essays in honour of professor J. N. K. Mugambi, Ph.D
The kindness of enemies
The man in the mirror : solving the 24 problems men face
Strategies of identification : ethnicity and religion in early medieval Europe
Islam in American prisons : black Muslims' challenge to American penology
Religious identities in the Levant from Alexander to Muhammed : continuity and change
Darwin and God
Can one maintain one's religious identity without closing oneself from the other? In general, Christian reflection on interreligious dialogue begins with a theological reflection on religious plurality that assumes that one cannot engage seriously in interreligious dialogue without a sound theology of religions. In this book, Marianne Moyaert critically assesses the various models for a Christian theology of religions (exclusivism, inclusivism, pluralism, particularism) by asking how these models relate to the dialogical tension between openness and identity. She argues that we need to overcome the classical theological approach of religious plurality and move in the direction of a theological hermeneutics of interreligious hospitality. To that end she turns to Paul Ricoeur, whose philosophical and hermeneutical insights can give a new turn to the discussion of the criteria, possibilities, and particularly the limits of interreligious dialogue.
Religious identity in late antiquity
Dress and ideology : fashioning identity from antiquity to the present
Growing up in affiliation with a religious community : a case study of Seventh-Day Adventist youth in Finland
Nation and religion : the politics of commemoration in South-East Poland
Religious identity in an early Reformation community : Augsburg, 1517 to 1555
Protestant empire : religion and the making of the British Atlantic world
The religious roots of contemporary European identity
Human identity at the intersection of science, technology, and religion
Roman imperial identities in the early Christian era
Religion and identity in South Asia and beyond : essays in honor of Patrick Olivelle
Political archaeology and holy nationalism : archaeological battles over the Bible and land in Israel and Palestine from 1967-2000
The invention of satanism
Offering fresh perspectives on perennial questions of ethnicity, race, nationalism, and religion, Rogers Brubaker analyzes three forces that shape the politics of diversity and multiculturalism today: inequality as a public concern, biology as an asserted basis of racial and ethnic difference, and religion as a key terrain of public contestation.
Applied ethics in religion and culture : contextual and global changes
Colonialism, modernity, and religious identities : religious reform movements in South Asia
The religious identity of young Muslim women in Berlin : an ethnographic study
Religions carry strong visions of renewal and thereby have the potential to trigger dynamics of change in all spheres of human life. Religions have contributed to societal transformation and processes of renewal spark intensive theological debates. The renewal of religious identity is informed by how religious communities interpret their traditions and past, present, and future challenges to themselves, society and the world at large. How do religious communities understand their own resources and criteria for renewal in the twenty-first century? In this publication, Jewish, Christian and Muslim scholars analyze and reflect on the meaning and dynamics of religious renewal and explore the meaning of religious renewal across religious traditions.
Worldly and monastic identity of the Valaam monestary
Bringing together material from a range of disciplines related to the nature and development of religious identities in the Hellenistic and Roman Near East this volume gives new insight into the latest research on the topic. This volume addresses questions of continuity and change in the religious life of the Levant between Alexander's conquest of the Middle East until the end of the Umayyad period, a topic which has received growing attention over the last decade within the fields of ancient history, archaeology, philology, and religious studies. The volume pulls together the efforts of scholars from all of these fields, and its central concerns include the representations and expressions of religious identity in sacred architecture, iconography, and texts. These representations and expressions are explored through literature, inscriptions, and iconography, and though the architectural as well as the functional development of sanctuaries, churches, and mosques. The volume includes papers on themes such as definition, creation, dissolution, and interconnection between sacred sites, as well as access and audience. These developments are examined through the lenses of aspects of continuity and change in material and literary culture. With a point of departure in the development of urban, sub-urban, and extra-urban sanctuaries, churches, and early mosques, as well as their associated cults and religions, the contributions in this volume explore the shaping and development of the religious identities of individuals, groups, and societies, and assess how these categories of religious identity were interrelated and shaped by a variety of circumstances. The volume aims at underlining the importance of interdisciplinary studies to the comprehensive understanding of this complex field and at opening up discussions of methodological and theoretical approaches which can be used across these disciplines.
C. S. Lewis : a life
A history of Pakistan and its origins
The African diaspora and the study of religion
Many mansions? : multiple religious belonging and Christian identity
How were identities created in the early Middle Ages and when did they matter? This book explores different types of sources to understand the ways in which they contributed to making ethnic and religious communities meaningful: historiography and hagiography, biblical exegesis and works of theology, sermons and letters. Thus, it sets out to widen the horizon of current debates on ethnicity and identity. The Christianization and dissolution of the Roman Empire had provoked a crisis of traditional identities and opened new spaces for identification. What were the textual resources on which new communities could rely, however precariously? Biblical models and Christian discourses could be used for a variety of aims and identifications, and the volume provides some exemplary analyses of these distinct voices. Barbarian polities developed in a rich and varied framework of textual 'strategies of identification'
The call to read : Reginald Pecock's books and textual communities
Judith Pollmann uses the diaries and memoirs of sixteenth-century Catholics to explore how they understood and experienced the religious civil war that ripped the sixteenth-century Netherlands apart.
