http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22841 assortments
assortments
Integrating partnership development and category management
Export variety and economic growth in East European transition economies
World literature : a reader
The main challenges and essential skills in multichannel retailing
British it-narratives, 1750-1830
Retail product management : buying and merchandising
Christmas time
Jazz research and the moments of change
The Oxford anthology of writings from North-East India. : poetry and essays
Born the child of an agricultural labourer in Dorset's Blackmore Vale, by self-education William Barnes (1801-1886) rose to be a lawyer's clerk, a schoolmaster, a much-loved clergyman, and a scholar who could read over seventy languages. He also became the finest example of an English poet writing in a rural dialect. In this book, Alan Chedzoy shows how, uniquely, he presented the lives of pre-industrial rural people in their own language. He also recounts how Barnes' linguistic studies enabled him to defend the controversial notion that the dialect of the labouring people of Wessex was the purest form of English. Serving both as an anthology and an account of how the poems came to be written, this biography is essential reading for anyone who wants to discover more about the man who, in an obituary, Thomas Hardy described as 'probably the most interesting link between present and past life that England possessed'.
The charming true story of an inquisitive little boy who decided to write every country in the world. Two years ago, seven-year-old Toby decided he'd like to write to someone in every country, to find out more about the world we live in. With his Mum's encouragement, he set about hand-writing to research scientists in Antarctica, game-keepers in Chad and to a very famous South African president... Nearly everyone he wrote to responded, sometimes sending photos, recipes or drawings, telling Toby a little about where they lived -- how they lived, what food they ate, what school was like, and, importantly for Toby (as someone very interested in dinosaurs), whether there were fossils. This book is the result, bringing together the huge variety of replies that Toby received. Charming, touching and fascinating, this is a book that shows that the world is only as big as your imagination and that it is full of potential friends, waiting to be discovered, no matter where you live.
Art sells : installation design for retail spaces
Christmas card from Finnair Singers
Älä itke minua, äitini - Pääsiäinen = Weep not for me, o mother - the Holy Easter
The Routledge companion to Latino/a literature
1001 books you must read before you die
The pocket Thich Nhat Hanh
Poetry and cultural studies : a reader
Research in marketing : a research annual. Vol. 4
Critique and improvement of the bilateral index number technique to measure product and country substitution in imports
Peace of mind : words of wisdom to confort & inspire
Critical music historiography : probing canons, ideologies and institutions
This volume is the first of its kind to collect classic and contemporary work focused on the intersection of poetry and cultural studies, reaching from Wordsworth's Preface to Lyrical Ballads and W. E. B. Du Bois' Of the Sorrow Songs to present-day essays on rap lyrics, queer poetry, folk poetry, and beyond. The writings also acknowledge the major contributions of both the Frankfurt School and the Birmingham School's contributions toward broadening the field of artefacts permissible for serious study with the primarily literary tools of close reading of textual/textural detail. Rethinking notions of poetic experiences and their roles in popular or mass culture, these essays effectively speak to students, academics, poetry enthusiasts, and those interested in social movements, including slammers, academics, workshop leaders, and poetry theorists.
Dear world, how are you?
Competitive advantage through mass customisation : self-assessment work book : 39 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
The bitter and the sweet : evolving constellations of product mix management in a confectionery company
Selected poems
Create light & atmosphere
The planning of import Thai foods and products to Finland : Case company: RB Foods Oy, Case company: Siam House Oy and Case company: Inex Partners Oy
The Oxford anthology of writings from North-East India : fiction
A Mary Blair treasury of Golden Books
Christmas Card from Finnair Singers
Supplier Selection in Global Sourcing : the Case of Elevator Industry
The dark stuff : the best of Nick Kent
The best of Benn
Managerial processes behind long-term product mix changes : an historical study on Fazer confectionery 1950-1990
Seeds from a silent tree : an anthology by Korean adoptees
Empirical evidence on the long-term dynamics of competitive strategy : product mix development in Fazer Confectionery 1950-1990
Cultural critic and writer, Michael Bracewell has written widely and increasingly on modern and contemporary art and has been a regular contributor to Frieze magazines since its inception. He has written extensively for museums and galleries on artists including Gilbert & George, Richard Hamilton, Bridget Riley, Wolfgang Tillmans, Anish Kapoor, Keith Coventry, John Stezaker, Glenn Brown and Damien Hirst. This collection of Bracewell's writing on art explores connections between the visual arts, pop music, modern iconography and sub-cultures, while appraising the vision and ideas of individual artists and the relation of their work to its broader cultural context.
Comparative analysis of two department stores : case Veljekset Keskinen Ltd and Gekås
Goethe : the Collected Works 12
Stakeholder interactions in cross-functional productization : the case of mobile software development
Armenian merchants of the seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries : English East India Company sources
Grimm tales : for young and old
Dialogues with/and great books : the dynamics of canon formation
Buying processes of language and communication training : case: Language Centre of Turku University of Applied Sciences
Efficient assortment : best practices report
Brownfield process : a method for the rationalisation of existing product variety towards a modular product family
Basis for optimal product mix in a mechanical wood processing firm : a case study of IFLOMA, Mozambique
Value-added wood products : manufacturing and marketing strategies
The essential guide to day-to-day category management
Rethinking national literatures and the literary canon in Scandinavia
Post-merger product line co-ordination
Abstract.
Summary
Call and response : key debates in African American studies
How to import wine : an insider's guide
The people's poet : William Barnes of Dorset
The song of Aino : Kalevala iv
Many of the writings deemed 'apocryphal' and 'pseudepigraphical' were in circulation in the early centuries of Judaism and Christianity. Their influences and impacts on the development of early communities, and the development of Jewish and Christian thoughts, have not yet been sufficiently examined. While this judgment is especially true for the so-called Christian Apocrypha, it also applies for other writings that were not included in the Jewish and Christian Bibles and nor in other sacred collections of Scripture, like Rabbinics and Patristics. Most of these ancient writings functioned, to some degree, as sacred texts or scripture-sacra scriptura-in the communities in which they were produced and in others to which they circulated.This volume focuses on how some of these forgotten voices were heard within numerous early religious communities, helping to remove the distressing silence in many areas of the ancient world.
The economics of price discrimination
The Bloomsbury anthology of aesthetics
Electronic word-of-mouth in the choice sets of third age travellers: do knowledge professionals approaching their retirement use consumer-generated content in decision-making?
Great children ́s poems
Persian love poetry
Birth is not inevitable. Life certainly isn't. The sole inevitability of existence, the only sure consequence of being alive, is death. In these eloquent and surprising essays, twenty writers face this fact, among them Geoff Dyer, who describes the ghost bikes memorializing those who die in biking accidents; Jonathan Safran Foer, proposing a new way of punctuating dialogue in the face of a family history of heart attacks and decimation by the Holocaust; Mark Doty, whose reflections on the art-porn movie Bijou lead to a meditation on the intersection of sex and death epitomized by the AIDS epidemic; and Joyce Carol Oates, who writes about the loss of her husband and faces her own mortality. Other contributors include Annie Dillard, Diane Ackerman, Peter Straub, Brenda Hillman, and Terry Castle. Distributed by Syndetic Solutions, Inc.
Selected poems of Gerard Manley Hopkins
The inevitable : contemporary writers confront death
Electronic word-of-mouth in the choice sets of third age travellers : do knowledge professionals approaching their retirement use consumer-generated content in decision-making?
Michael Bracewell : the space between : selected writings on art
Sacra scriptura : how "non-canonical" texts functioned in early Judaism and early Christianity
Customer perception of service, store image and product assortment : from an interior store perspective
Price and quality : essays on product differentiation
Category management best practices report
