http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22828 experimentality
experimentality
The gift
Abstract.
Tekstinauhoja : in large, well-organized termite colonies
How design can contribute to materials research : explorative prototyping as a method for collaboration between design and materials science
The Effectiveness of Practical Work in Science Education
Experimental food science
Sormina : a new musical instrument
XS future : new ideas, small structures
The new flute : workbook & DVD : flute-beatboxing, sing & play, bisbigliando, whistles, glissando & ,more
The filming of modern life : European avant-garde film of the 1920s
Experimental Textiles : a journey through design, interpretation and inspiration
No ordinary patchwork : an exploration of the possibilities of collage art in fashion design
Carving Out Other Narratives : Textual Treatment in Jonathan Safran Foer's Tree of Codes
Introduction to engineering experimentation
Emanations : the art of the cameraless photograph
Essays concerning Hume's natural philosophy
Optimal design of experiments : a case study approach
Skycar city : a pre-emptive history
Abstract (s.223-224).
Deleuze, Guattari and the production of the new
Yhteenveto (Summary in Finnish)
Upper secondary school teachers' beliefs about experiments in teaching Newtonian mechanics : qualitative analysis of the effects of a long term in-service training program
What's the matter with today's experimental music? : organized sound too rarely heard
This book offers (in the first six chapters) critical readings of six novels by China Miéville, which are followed (in the seventh chapter) by a theoretical meditation on some of the conceptual issues raised by and engaged in the Miéville oeuvre.
Edge of Europe
History and philosophy of science. 19, Experience and theory : an essay in the philosophy of science
Art and idea in the novels of China Miéville
Everfair is a wonderful Neo-Victorian alternate history novel that explores the question of what might have come of Belgium's disastrous colonization of the Congo if the native populations had learned about steam technology a bit earlier. Fabian Socialists from Great Britian join forces with African-American missionaries to purchase land from the Belgian Congo's owner, King Leopold II. This land, named Everfair, is set aside as a safe haven, an imaginary Utopia for native populations of the Congo as well as escaped slaves returning from America and other places where African natives were being mistreated. Nisi Shawl's speculative masterpiece manages to turn one of the worst human rights disasters on record into a marvelous and exciting exploration of the possibilities inherent in a turn of history. Everfair is told from a multiplicity of voices: Africans, Europeans, East Asians, and African Americans in complex relationships with one another, in a compelling range of voices that have historically been silenced. Everfair is not only a beautiful book but an educational and inspiring one that will give the reader new insight into an often ignored period of history.
XS : big ideas, small buildings
Recently, the idea of “presence” has returned to the arts, humanities, and social sciences. In February 2013, in Zurich's historical Cabaret Voltaire, which was central to the Dada movement almost a hundred years ago, an experimental international symposium took place that put presence under the microscope. Presence: A Conversation at Cabaret Voltaire, Zurich is not a traditional post-conference publication but is conceived as a theatrical discussion of ideas between different speakers, both on and offstage. In contrast to transcribed conversations, monologues are interspersed throughout the book, acting like small, performative interruptions. The lively juxtaposition of both individual speech and colloquy is enhanced by theatrical conventions: characters enter and exit; stage directions mirror those found in the cabaret. --
Experience and theory : an essay in the philosophy of science
Sous vide cook-chill
Presence : a conversation at Cabaret Voltaire, Zürich
Eyes upside down : visionary filmmakers and the heritage of Emerson
The Ashgate research companion to experimental music
Treehouses : small spaces in nature
