http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2286 collectors (enthusiasts)
collectors (enthusiasts)
Hitler's art thief : Hildebrand Gurlitt, the Nazis, and the looting of Europe's treasures
Patriotic taste : collecting modern art in pre-revolutionary Paris
Austrian painting 1945 - 1995 : the Essl Collection / edited by Wieland Schmied
Casting the first stone
Books and religious devotion : the redemptive reading of an Irishman in nineteenth-century New England
The Maeght family : a passion for modern art / Yoyo Maeght, Isabelle Maeght, Franck Maubert
Selections from the Beatrice and Philip Gersh Collection
Porcelain snuffboxes paintings : the Ezrakh collection in Peterhof
Allum's antiques almanac 2015 : an annual compendium of stories and facts from the world of art and antiques
In ten chapters spanning two centuries, this collection of essays examines the relationships between women artists and their publics, both in early modern Italy as well as across Europe. Drawing upon archival evidence, these essays afford abundant documentary information about the diverse strategies that women found for carrying out their artistic careers, from Sofonisba Anguissola's role as a lady-in-waiting at the court of Felipe II of Spain, to Lucrezia Quistelli's avoidance of the Florentine market in favor of upholding the prestige of her family, to Costanza Francini's preference for the steady but humble work of candle painting for a Florentine confraternity. Their unusual life stories along with their outstanding talents brought fame to a number of women artists even in their own lifetimes--so much fame, in fact, that Giorgio Vasari included several women artists in his 1568 edition of artists' biographies. Notably, this visibility also subjected women artists to public scrutiny, to a much greater extent than what their male counterparts experienced. Because of their fame and their extraordinary (and often exemplary) lives, works made by women artists held a special allure for early generations of Italian collectors, including Grand Duke Cosimo III de' Medici, who made a point of collecting their self-portraits. In the eighteenth century, British collectors wishing to model themselves after the Italian virtuosi exhibited an undeniable penchant for the Italian women artists of a bygone era, but turned their backs to the contemporary women artists in their midst.
Collectors : expressions of self and other
The feminine dynamic in English art, 1485-1603 : women as consumers, patrons and painters
The sport of collecting
British models of art collecting and the American response : reflections across the pond
Collecting contemporary
The proud possessors / Aline B. Saarinen
"Examines the book collection of Thomas Connary, a nineteenth-century Irish Catholic New England farmer, to reconstruct how Connary read and annotated his books. Reveals how books can structure a life of devotion and social participation, and presents an authentic, holistic view of one reader's interior life"--Provided by publisher.
Russian porcelain : the state of collections and research : conference organized by the Vera Saarela Foundation and the National Museum of Finland, Helsinki, Finland, November 2008 = Russki farfor : sostojanie kollektsi i issledovanija : konferentsija, organizovannaja Fondom Very Saarela, Helsinki, Finljandija, Nojabr 2008
Emil Cedercreutz vanhojen ryijyjen arvostajana = Emil Cedercreutz as a connoisseur of olf ryijys / Ritva Kava
The collectors : 20 Jahre Texte zur Kunst
The Dahlström brothers - Turku's art patrons / Rolf Nummelin
Taiteelle koko elämä : Tuomo Sepon kokoelma = A life devoted to art - the Tuomo Seppo Collection / [toimitus = editor: Tarja Kekäläinen ; tekstit = texts: Leena Ahtola-Moorhouse, Anna-Riikka Hirvonen, Tarja Kekäläinen ... [et al.]
Jasper and the magpie : enjoying special interests together
Collecting old maps
Chinese antiquities : an introduction to the art market
Images of a forest people : Punan Malinau - identity, sociality, and encapsulation in Borneo
When the thrill is gone
A significant contribution to the understanding of sixteenth-century English art in an historical context, this study by Susan James represents an intensive rethinking and restructuring of the Tudor art world based on a broad, detailed survey of women's diverse creative roles within that world.Through an extensive analysis of original documents, James examines and clarifies many of the misperceptions upon which modern discussions of Tudor art are based. The new evidence she lays out allows for a fresh investigation of the economics of art production, particularly in the images of Elizabeth I; of strategies for influencing political situations by carefully planned programs of portraiture; of the seminal importance of extended clans of immigrant Flemish artists and of careers of artists Susanna Horenboult and Lievine Teerlinc and their impact on the development of the portrait miniature.Drawn principally from primary sources, this book presents important new research which examines the contributions of Tudor women in the formation, distribution and popularization of the visual arts, particularly portraiture and the portrait miniature. James highlights the involvement of women as patrons, consumers and creators of art in sixteenth-century England and their use of the painted image as a statement of cultural worth. She explores and analyzes the amount of time, money, effort and ingenuity which women across all social classes invested in the development of art, in the uses they found for it, and the surprising and unexpected ways in which they exploited it.
Art from the USSR : Soviet art from the Arefyev collection = Sovetskoe iskusstvo iz kollekcii Mihaila Aref'eva
World antiquarianism : comparative perspectives
Jack Lenor Larsen : creator and collector
The cowboy boot
Collectors in St Petersburg
Networks, interaction and emerging identities in Fennoscandia and beyond : papers from the conference held in Tromsø, Norway, October 13-16 2009
Cabinets of curiosities
Collecting sculpture in early modern Europe
Art collector Herman Frithiof Antell : at home in paris, abroad in Japan / Susanna Pettersson
The postcard age : selections from the Leonard A. Lauder collection
The public art museum in nineteenth century Britain : the development of the National Gallery
Survival in the rainforest : change and resilience among the Punan Vuhang of Eastern Sarawak, Malaysia
Collectors and curiosities : Paris and Venice, 1500-1800
Sheltering art : collecting and social identity in early eighteenth-century Paris
Collecting : an unruly passion : psychological perspectives
The Christie curse
Vincennes and early Sèvres porcelain : from the Belvedere Collection
Kwiaty naszegozycia = Flowers of our lives
The value of things
Collecting in contemporary practice
Explorers' botanical notebook : in the footsteps of Theophrastus, Marco Polo, Linnaeus, Flinders, Darwin, Speke and Hooker
The Oxford handbook of the archaeology and anthropology of hunter-gatherers
Surrounded by art : the homes of contemporary collectors
Repertorium artis : guide européen des beaux-arts = European guide of plastic and graphic arts : 1966-1967 / published by: International Art Bulletin ; editor: Ch. - L. Formals
Subiektywny przewodnik po kolekcjach = A subjective guide to collections
A celebration of 78 rpm record subculture reveals the growing value of rare records and the determined efforts of their collectors and archivists, exploring the music of blues artists who have been lost to the modern world.
Sylloge nummorum Graecorum : Sweden. 1:2, Sammlung Eric von Post
Tahe Abe Bailey Collection in the South African National Gallery / Anna Tietze
"In this book, the first comprehensive history of the collecting of antiquities in Great Britain, Jonathan Scott gives portraits of the principal collectors, describes the mechanics of the art trade, excavation procedures and export regulations, and takes us to the beautiful sculpture galleries that were created for Castle Howard, Holkham, Newby and other imposing country seats. The book also explores the impact of antiquities on contemporary taste and explains why collecting Greek and Roman art fell out of fashion as tastes changed. Generously illustrated with views of the interiors of collectors' houses from the seventeenth century onward, Scott presents in copious detail the story of private British collectors of classical antiquities and the influence of their remarkable collections."--BOOK JACKET.
Culture contact in Evenki land : a cybernetic anthropology of the Baikal region
El Grecótól Rippl-Rónaiig : Nemes Marcell, a mecénás mugyujto : Szépmuvészeti Múzeum, 2011. október 26 - 2012. február 19 = El Greco to Rippl-Rónai : Marcell Nemes, art patron and collector, Museum of Fine Arts, 26 October 2011 - 19 February 2012 / [szerkesztette = editor István Németh, Orsolya Radványi]
Matisse, his art and his textiles : the fabric of dreams
Structured worlds : the archaeology of hunter-gatherer thought and action
Maire Gullichsen : patron and lover of the arts
"This book offers a history of museum collecting in western Europe over the course of its formative centuries, tracing its origins from the culture of collecting that emerged during the Renaissance, which served the purposes of both prestige and academic enquiry, concluding with the great changes of the nineteenth century which would prove so influential to the museum movement of later years." "Taking into account both individual collectors and public institutions. Arthur MacGregor covers topics such as the methods by which materials from both the man-made and natural world were selected and displayed, problems of preservation and presentation, the specialization of individual areas, such as fine arts, antiquities or natural history, as well as the developments of the nineteenth century which brought such collections within the reach of a much wider public. With the aid of 200 images, this book offers for the first time a wide-ranging survey of this entire process as well as the changing preoccupations of collectors, all set within a broader social context."--BOOK JACKET.
For more than a century, the study of hunting and gathering societies has been central to the development of both archaeology and anthropology as academic disciplines, and has also generated widespread public interest and debate. The Oxford Handbook of the Archaeology and Anthropology of Hunter-Gatherers provides a comprehensive review of hunter-gatherer studies to date, including critical engagements with older debates, new theoretical perspectives, and renewed obligations for greater engagement between researchers and indigenous communities. Chapters provide in-depth archaeological, historical, and anthropological case-studies, and examine far-reaching questions about human social relations, attitudes to technology, ecology, and management of resources and the environment, as well as issues of diet, health, and gender relations -- all central topics in hunter-gatherer research, but also themes that have great relevance for modern global society and its future challenges. The Handbook also provides a strategic vision for how the integration of new methods, approaches, and study regions can ensure that future research into the archaeology and anthropology of hunter-gatherers will continue to deliver penetrating insights into the factors that underlie all human diversity.
The collector's cabinet : tales, facts & fictions from the world of antiques
Heist society
Stieglitz and his artists : Matisse to O'Keeffe : The Alfred Stieglitz Collection in The Metropolitan Museum of Art
Archaic hunters and gatherers in the American Midwest
The eye of the collector / Jef Rademakers
The British Scene
In the first decades of the 19th century the exhibition of antiquity in museums reflected a universal history of civilization, in which the idea of cross-cultural influences dominated. Hindu-buddhist civilization of 13th century Java was easily connected to that of classical Greece, and Indian Hindu-depictions were playfully related to those of Egyptian Pharaonic time. This book shows how antiquity during and just after the Napoleonic era formed a statement in a changing world at the dawn of nationalism. The main character is Caspar Reuvens, the first professor of Archaeology, director of the Museum of Antiquity in Leiden, the Netherlands (1818-1835). Emphasis is placed on his formative years in Paris and Germany, his many travels to London, and his plans for a journey to Rome. This volume sheds new light on the radically changing canon of antique sculpture in a nervous Europe that would soon break apart into nation states.
Empire without end : antiquities collections in Renaissance Rome, c. 1350-1527
Goethe abwärts - deutsche Jungs etc. : the Falckenberg collection : Helsinki City Art Museum = Helsingin kaupungin taidemuseo = Helsingfors stads konstmuseum 15.10.2005 - 15.1.2006 / editor = toimitus = redigering Oliver Zybok ; contributions by = kirjoittajat = skribenterna Berndt Arell, Pessi Rautio, Martje Schulz, Oliver Zybok
The rare art traditions : the history of art collecting and its linked phenomena wherever these have appeared
The Vaasa Issue Comes of Age
The Musical world of a medieval monk : Adémar de Chabannes in eleventh-century Aquitane
Numismatic museum, Athens : the Petros Z. Saroglos collection : use-loan by the club of the officers of the armed forces. Vol. 1, Macedonia
In the early fifteenth century, when Romans discovered ancient marble sculptures and inscriptions in the ruins, they often melted them into mortar. A hundred years later, however, antique marbles had assumed their familiar role as works of art displayed in private collections. Many of these collections, especially the Vatican Belvedere, are well known to art historians and archaeologists. Yet discussions of antiquities collecting in Rome too often begin with the Belvedere, that is, only after it was a widespread practice. In this important book, the author steps back to examine the "long" fifteenth century, a critical period in the history of antiquities collecting that has received scant attention. Kathleen Wren Christian examines shifts in the response of artists and writers to spectacular archaeological discoveries and the new role of collecting antiquities in the public life of Roman elites.
The life of the collector
"This book follows the journey of over 80 pioneering botanists and the important findings and collections they have made. It includes each journey and routes taken with the help of maps and personal notes. Each story explains the complications and difficulties that each botanist had to overcome but the many discoveries made along the way."--
The pleasures of antiquity : British collectors of Greece and Rome
The glittering and colourful opulent wares of the renowned eighteenth-century French royal Sèvres manufactory are prominently displayed in palaces and art galleries throughout the world. By contrast, the comparative delicacy and simplicity of the beautiful wares of the Vincennes porcelain works, out of which the Sèvres factory evolved, remain relatively unkown, even to porcelain experts. This book is based on the Belvedere Collection of Vincennes and early Sèvres porcelain, started 40 years ago with the modest purchase of an early Vincennes cup and saucer, but which has since grown to be one of the world's most comprehensive study collections for the rare early pieces of these two factories.-- from the dust jacket.
Hunter-gatherers and their neighbors in Asia, Africa, and South America
Calouste Gulbenkian : collector / by José de Azeredo Perdigao
Daled : a bit of matter and a little bit more : the collection and archives of Herman and Nicole Daled 1966-1978 : Haus der Kunst, Munich, 30.4. - 25.7.2010 / editors: Patrizia Dander, Ulrich Wilmes
Women artists in early modern Italy : careers, fame and collectors
Humans under climate forcing : how climate change shaped hunter-gatherer population dynamics in Europe 30,000–4000 years ago
The violin hunter
Experiencing material culture in the western world
From books to bezoars : Sir Hans Sloane and his collections
A man of misconceptions : the life of an eccentric in an age of change
Collecting : an unruly passion : psychological perspectives / Werner Muensterberger
Narrating objects, collecting stories : essays in honour of professor Susan M. Pearce
Exhibiting the past : Caspar Reuvens and the museums of antiquities in Europe, 1800-1840
Talking pictures : images and messages rescued from the past
Edward i Atanazy Raczyńscy : dzieła, osobowości, wybory, epoka = Edward und Atanazy Raczyński : Werke, Persönlichkeiten, Bekenntnisse, Epoche = Edward and Atanazy Raczyński : works, personalities, choises, era
Rolf de Maré: art collector, ballet director, museum creator
Inventing the art collection : patrns, markets, and the state in nineteenth-century Spain
Calouste Gulbekian : collector
Dust & grooves : adventures in record collecting
Pricing the priceless : art, artists and economics / William D. Grampp
Inspired by the idea of the 'wunderkammer' ('wonder-room') or 'cabinet of curiosities' that originated during the Renaissance, world-renowned architects Tod Williams and Billie Tsien invited 35 celebrated architects and designers from around the world to create their own wunderkammers, filling boxes with objects that inspire them. This book gathers together the varied, evocative wunderkammers along with accompanying statements by their architect-creators.
Empty mansions : the mysterious life of Huguette Clark and the spending of a great American fortune
Samurai swords : a collector's guide to Japanese swords
The art collection at the Villa Mairea / Carolus Enckell
The connoisseur's book of Japanese swords
Historical atlas of world mythology. Vol. 1, The way of the animal powers, part 1 : Mythologies of the primitive hunters and gatherers
Out of print & into profit : a history of the rare and secondhand book trade in Britain in the 20th century
Sylloge nummorum Graecorum : Sweden II : the Collection of the Royal coin cabinet National Museum of Economy, Stockholm. Part 6, The G.D. Lorichs Collection
The home of an art-lover
Amassing treasures for all times : Sir George Grey, colonial bookman and collector
By appointment only : Cézanne, van Gogh and some secrets of art dealing / Walter Feilchenfeldt
Chinese gold & silver in American collections : Tang Dynasty, A.D. 618-907
The nature of classical collecting : collectors and collections, 100 BCE-100 CE
THE ANTIQUE COLLECTORES' ILLUSTRATED DICTIONARY
Hunter-gatherers in history, archaeology and anthropology
Creators, collectors and connoisseurs : the anatomy of artistic taste from antiquity to the present day
The voice of the spirits : a commandant De Palma investigation
Intohimona taide : Vexi Salmen taidekokoelma : Hämeenlinnan taidemuseo, 17.9. - 13.11.2005 = A passion for art : Vexi Salmi collection : Hämeenlinna Art Museum, 17.9. - 13.11.2005 / [toimitus = editor Päivi Viherluoto ; tekstit = texts Ilona Anhava, Otso Kantokorpi, Taina Lammassaari, Vexi Salmi]
Munuscula amicorum : contributions on Rubens and his colleagues in honour of Hans Vleighe
Artist and advocate : an essay on corporate patronage / edited by Nina Kaiden and Bartlett Hayes
Rembrandt drawings : twenty-five years in the Peck collection : a catalog : [a private exhibition at the St. Botolph Club, Boston, October 29, 2003] / by Sheldon Peck ; with a contribution by Franklin W. Robinson
Collectors : collecting for the Pitt Rivers Museum. [1]
The china collector : a guide to the porcelain of the English factories
Images of the illustrious : the numismatic presence in the Renaissance
The angel tree : celebrating Christmas at The Metropolitan museum of art : The Loretta Hines Howard collection of Eighteenth-century Neapolitan crèche figures
Explores the role of private art collections in the cultural, social, and political life of early eighteenth-century Paris. Examines how two principal groups of collectors, each associated with a different political faction, amassed different types of treasures and used them to establish social identities and compete for distinction.
The American Matisse : the dealer, his artists, his collection : the Pierre and Maria-Gaetana Matisse collection
Index of collectors whose speciments are part of Edv. Aug.Vainio's lichen herbarium (TUR-V)
J. Pierpont Morgan : financier and collector
The other side of Eden : hunter-gatherers, farmers and the shaping of the world
Who owns objects? : the ethics and politics of collecting cultural artefacts : proceedings of the first St Cross - All Souls seminar series and workshop, Oxford, October-December 2004
Konkrete Kunst in Europa nach 1945 : [die Sammlung Peter C. Ruppert]  = Concrete art in Europe after 1945 : [the Peter C. Ruppert Collection] / herausgegeben von / edited by Museum in Kulturspeicher Würzburg ; redaktion / editing Marlene Lauter, Beate Reese
Riflessi del collezionismo, tra bilanci critici e nuovi contributi : atti del convegno (Urbino, Palazzo Albani, Aula Clemente XI, 3-5 ottobre 2013) = Reflections of/on art collecting, between critical assessments and new contributions
Antiquaries : the discovery of the past in eighteenth-century Britain
Many books about map collecting are simply catalogs of maps: useful for the initiate, but unhelpful and even daunting for the inexperienced collector. This book focuses on the basics of collecting and the needs of the collector by a well-known rare book and map expert. Manasek goes beyond the history of maps and atlases to address the everyday issues collectors face. He explains how to read catalog descriptions and how to judge condition, how to buy and sell and how the market determines prices. He discusses printing techniques; the parts and kinds of maps; care, treatment, and repair; and how to distinguish originals from reproductions. A special section of the book illustrates 130 maps from 1482 to 1945 to give collectors an idea of the wide range of material available. There are also clarifications of non-English and technical terms; special sections on paper, vellum, and their chemistry; and a guide to further resources. This comprehensive guide is a valuable reference for both beginning and experienced collectors.
Degas and America : the early collectors
Impressionism : the first collectors / Anne Distel
Do not sell at any price : the wild, obsessive hunt for the world's rarest 78 rpm records
The antiques magpie : a compendium of absorbing history, stories and facts from the world of antiques
Hubert's freaks : the rare book-dealer, the Times Square talker, and the lost photos of Diane Arbus
Collectors : collecting for the Pitt Rivers Museum. [2]
"Degas and America: The Early Collectors is organized by Ann Dumas and David Brenneman. The catalogue includes several illustrated essays. Ann Dumas details the early awareness of Degas in America ... the first exhibitions and purchases, the movement of works around the country, the first collectors, the development of the American taste for the Frenchman's art. Rebecca Rabinow writes of Louisine Havemeyer, the first great American collector of Degas, who was led by her friend Mary Cassatt to begin amassing a collection that was bequeathed to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. David Brenneman surveys the critical response to first appearances of art by Degas in the United States, noting the generally warm acceptance and admiring attention earned by Degas. Richard Kendall contributes an essay on the impact of Degas's art and sensibility upon American artists, especially painters of the Ashcan generation and members of The Eight. Valerie Fletcher writes a short overview of the problematic subject of Degas's sculpture; almost none of the sculpture was intended for public viewing, yet it was warmly embraced by American collectors and museums, whose holdings now form the best representation of Degas's work in this medium."--BOOK JACKET.
Not fade away : the Rolling Stones collection
Collectors and curiosities : Paris and Venice 1500-1800 / Krzysztof Pomian ; translated by Elizabeth Wiles-Portier
God pictures in Korean contexts : the ownership and meaning of shaman paintings
Persistent practices : a multi-disciplinary study of hunter-gatherer mortuary remains from c. 6500-2600 cal. BC, Estonia
The burglar who counted the spoons : a Bernie Rhodenbarr mystery
The Complete introduction to record collecting
Psychological aspects of art collecting
The man who loved books too much : the true story of a thief, a detective and a world of literary obsession
Natural history drawings in the India Office library
A shared vision : the Garman Ryan Collection at the New Art Gallery Walsall / Sheila McGregor ; wih an inteoduction by Kitty Gadley and commentaries by Oliver Buckley
The cultures of collecting / ed. by John Elsner and Roger Cardinal
Lost lives, lost art : Jewish collectors, nazi art theft, and the quest for justice
Collecting as modernist practice
The strat in the attic : thrilling stories of guitar archaeology
Patronage and patrimony / Tone Skedsmo
The Peggy Guggenheim Foundation Venice
Collectors : individuals and institutions
Kouri-kokoelma Nykytaiteenmuseo Kiasmassa = The Kouri collection in the Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma
Contemporary cabinets of curiosities : capturing environment and experiences into digital collections
Peggy Guggenheim : mistress of modernism
Portraits and reviews
Hunter-gatherer archaeobotany : perspectives from the northern temperate zone
Curiosity and enlightenment : collectors and collections from the sixteenth to the nineteenth century
The brother gardeners  : botany, empire and the birth of an obsession
