http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22834 online videos
online videos
Silverlight 4 unleashed
Watching YouTube : extraordinary videos by ordinary people
101 video marketing tips and strategies from small businesses
YouTube in music education
YouTube channels for dummies
Press start to play
Live in advance : Production of online marketing videos for UMO Jazz Orchestra's concert productions
Producing video podcasts : a guide for media professionals
Making YouTube Videos
The technology of video and audio streaming
Nintendo Wii Flash game creator's guide : design, develop, and share your games online
YouTube and video marketing : an hour a day
An anonymous musician plays Pachelbel's Canon on the electric guitar in a clip that has been viewed over sixty million times. The Dramatic Gopher is viewed over sixteen million times, as is a severely inebriated David Hasselhoff attempting to eat a hamburger. Over 800 variations, parodies, and parodies-of-parodies are uploaded of Beyonce Knowles' Single Ladies dance. Tay Zonday sings Chocolate Rain in a video viewed almost forty million times and scores himself a record deal. Obama Girl enters the political arena with contributions such as I Got a Crush on Obama and gets coverage in mainstream news networks. In Watching YouTube, Michael Strangelove provides a broad overview of the world of amateur online videos and the people who make them. Dr. Strangelove, the Governor General Literary Award-nominated author that Wired Magazine called a 'guru of Internet advertising,' describes how online digital video is both similar to and different from traditional home-movie-making and argues that we are moving into a post-television era characterized by mass participation. Strangelove draws from television, film, cultural, and media studies to help define an entirely new field of research. Online practices of representation, confessional video diaries, gendered uses of amateur video, and debates over elections, religion, and armed conflicts make up the bulk of this groundbreaking study, which is supplemented by an online blog at strangelove.com/blog. An innovative and timely study, Watching YouTube raises questions about the future of cultural memory, identity, politics, warfare, and family life when everyday representational practices are altered by four billion cameras in the hands of ordinary people.
Includes tips and strategies such as: YouTube advertising, Facebook advertising, wearable computing with Google Glasses and Aerial video marketing with drones etc. Discover how to plan, record and promote videos to attract more clients and customers to your company. Learn to implement the latest YouTube and iPhone video marketing strategies in this insightful book. Most small and medium size companies are unaware of the huge power of utilizing video as a tool to improve their credibility and confidence with their customers, and to teach and educate them about the benefits of your products.
Cross-layer optimized video streaming in heterogeneous wireless networks
Skylanders universe : Life & undead. Book of elements
Silverlight 4 jumpstart : designed  to get .NET business application developers up to speed quickly /  David Yack
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
Introduction to data multicasting : [IP multicast streaming for audio and video media distribution]
Hands-on guide to streaming media : an introduction to delivering on-demand media
Virtual seminars : creating new opportunities for universities : experience and best practice from the VENUS Seminars and Summer School
Becoming a digital designer : a guide to careers in Web, video, broadcast, game and animation design
The digital innovation playbook : creating a transformative customer experience
Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat
'Gaming Live!' provides a complete guide to live streaming and gaming. It features exclusive interviews directly from the biggest YouTube and Twitch stars in the world. It's an essential guide for anyone and everyone who wants to get involved with the incredible world of live streaming!
Socialism on Film : The Cold War and International Propaganda
Increasing student engagement and retention using multimedia technologies : video annotation, multimedia applications, videoconferencing and transmedia storytelling
Games, learning, and society : learning and meaning in the digital age
Compressed video over networks
Broadband video strategy : effects of television broadcasting digitalization
Web video: making it great, getting it noticed
Minecraft : construction handbook
Microsoft Silverlight 4 and Sharepoint 2010 integration : techniques, practical tips, hints, and tricks for Silverlight interactions with SharePoint
YouTube is one of the world's most popular website - which makes it one of the best marketing tools on the planet. This title shows you how to get up and running on YouTube and offers best practices for using it to drive traffic to websites to increase sales. It provides expert tips on how to design a powerful YouTube strategy.
Flash video for professionals : expert techniques for integrating video on the Web
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Voice, video and data network convergence : architecture and design, from VoIP to wireless
Blogs, wikis, podcasts, and other powerful Web tools for classrooms
YouTube for business : online video marketing for any business
Making YouTube videos : star in your own video!
Beyond viral : how to attract customers, promote your brand, and make money with online video
Servers and Extendable Server’s Management System for the Robot-platform  : Part of the “Roboteh” project
Silverlight 4 in action : Silverlight 4, MVVM, and WCF RIA services
Expanding video business models beyond television : case: Live Stream Finland
Children's learning in a digital world
Video transmission in WLAN
Flash Professional CS5 digital classroom
Big book of hacks for Minecrafters : the biggest unofficial guide to tips and tricks that other guides won't teach you
Gaming live! : your guide to video game livestreaming
Access will be available until 7th July 2017. Access is available for the following products: Business and Management Video Collection, Counselling &Psychotherapy Video Collection, Education Video Collection, Media & Communication Video Collection, Politics and International Relations Video Collection,Psychology Video Collection, Sociology Video Collection, Criminology & Criminal Justice Video Collection
Make your music video and put it online
Get seen : online video secrets to building your business
Peer-to-peer video streaming
e-Video : producing internet video as broadband technologies converge
Abstract: Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat.
The multimedia Internet
YouTube marketing power : how to use video to find more prospects, launch your products, and reach a massive audience
1001 video games you must play before you die
Premiere Elements 8 for dummies
Foundation Flash CS5 for designers
The H.264 advanced video compression standard
Podcasts and videos produced with the help of social media tools in the web-based teacher education program
Videoblogging for dummies
Video journalism for the web : a practical introduction to documentary storytelling
Immersion revisited : a review of existing definitions of immersion and their relation to different theories of presence
"This is a gorgeous-looking movie" : multimodal interplay between commentary and subject materials in movie review entertainment
Implementing mobile TV : ATSC Mobile DTV, MediaFLO, DVB-H/SH, DMB, WiMAX, 3G Systems, and rich media applications
The amazing book is not on fire : the world of Dan and Phil
Emerging multimedia computer communication technologies
Minecraft : combat handbook
We are Dan and Phil and we invite you on a journey inside our minds! From the stories of our actual births, to exploring Phil's teenage diary and all the reasons why Dan's a fail. Learn how to draw the perfect cat whiskers, get advice on what to do in an awkward situation and discover which of our dining chairs represents you emotionally.
The core technologies of the next generation TV
Professional Silverlight® 4
Collaborative screen capture video based learning in information systems science
101 Facebook marketing tips and strategies for small businesses
Digital video distribution in broadband, television, mobile and converged networks : trend, challenges and solutions
Beginning Silverlight 4 in C#
The technology of video & audio streaming : a robust technical guide to implementing streaming system
Corporate in-house video production strategy appliance : plan and guidelines for communication department
Refining the online technical support experience : screencasts as a tool of independent learning
The YouTube reader
Hacks for Minecrafters : redstone : the unofficial guide to tips and tricks that other guides won't teach you
The next level of research on electronic play : potential benefits and contextual influences for children and adolescents
Heteroglossic and multimodal resources in use : participation across spaces of identification in a Christian lifestyle sports community
Silverlight 4 for dummies
The term immersion continues to be applied inconsistently within and across different fields of research connected with the study of virtual reality and interactive media. Moreover, immersion is oftentimes used interchangeably with the terms presence and engagement. This article details a review of existing definitions of immersion originating within the study of video games, virtual environments, and literary works of fiction. Based on this review, a three-dimensional taxonomy of the various conceptualizations of immersion is proposed. That is, the existing definitions of immersion may be broadly divided into three categories, each representing a dimension of the taxonomy: immersion as a property of a system, a subjective response to narrative contents, or a subjective response to challenges within the virtual environment. Finally, four distinct theories of presence are introduced and, based on the established taxonomy, we discuss how the individual theories relate to existing definitions of immersion.
YouTube : an insider's guide to climbing the charts
Consumers’ perspective on a modified advertisement-based e-business model for preponed online movie exhibition
YouTube® and video marketing : an hour a day
Minecraft  : redstone handbook
Yogscast : the diggy diggy book
Learn how to create and implement video strategies that entice views, pull in leads, give you actionable insights, and help increase your ROI.
Conquering YouTube : 101 pro video tips to take you to the top
The viral video manifesto : why everything you know is wrong and how to do what really works
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The power of IP video : unleashing productivity with visual networking
"This volume is the first reader on video games and learning of its kind. Covering game design, game culture and games as twenty-first-century pedagogy, it demonstrates the depth and breadth of scholarship on games and learning to date. The chapters represent some of the most influential thinkers, designers and writers in the emerging field of games and learning - including James Paul Gee, Soren Johnson, Eric Klopfer, Colleen Macklin, Thomas Malaby, Bonnie Nardi, David Sirlin and others. Together, their work functions both as an excellent introduction to the field of games and learning and as a powerful argument for the use of games in formal and informal learning environments in a digital age"--
Reading YouTube : the critical viewers guide
