http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22843 aesthetic nature
aesthetic nature
The artful universe expanded
Natural beauty : a theory of aesthetics beyond the arts
Aesthetics exposed : mastering skin care in a medical setting and beyond
Beauty pays : why attractive people are more successful
The way we look : dress and aesthetics
On beauty
Honey money : the power of erotic capital
In Female Beauty in Art, a series of essays examine the presence and role of female beauty in art, history and culture, and consider the ways in which beauty can function as a discourse of female identity. As a concept, female beauty is unique in that it can contain compelling imbrications of gender ideologies, images, relations, cultural constructions and modes of interaction between persons and the institutions that define their lives. Thus, female beauty can provide proliferating methods through which female identity is examined and analyzed. The book builds upon those ideas in a variety of areas in order to consider how the discourse of beauty can generate empowering insights into womanhood, female destiny and female identity. Female Beauty in Art is an invaluable resource for students and academics in the fields of literature, history, cultural and gender studies, rigorously engaging with female beauty's operation in discursive practices and cultural representations across disciplines and fields.
Radio modernism : literature, ethics, and the BBC, 1922-1938
Beyond text? : critical practices and sensory anthropology
The genealogy of aesthetics
A selection of the newest materials and best fabrication techniques for esthetic restorative results are elegantly presented in QDT 2016. Original articles on minimally invasive procedures, CAD/CAM, difficult cases, and the ever-challenging transition zone take center stage this year. The State of the Art article features full-mouth esthetic rehabilitation of the severely worn and compromised dentition, and the Biomaterials Update focuses on self-etching primer as an alternative to strong hydrofluoric and porcelain etching. Rounding out the issue is a special feature on achieving excellence in portrait photography, courtesy of Naoki Aiba.
Aesthetics
Aesthetic appreciation explicated
Dances with Darwin, 1875-1910 : vernacular modernity in France
The aesthetic mind : philosophy and psychology
The aesthetics of strangeness : eccentricity and madness in early modern Japan
Apperceiving visual elements in human-technology interaction design
New waves in aesthetics
Four essays on aesthetics : toward a global view
This title breaks ground in bringing together empirical sciences and philosophy to enhance our understanding of art and the aesthetic. An eminent international team of experts explores the roles of emotion, imagination, empathy, and beauty in this realm of human experience, discussing visual and literary art, music and dance.
Food and architecture at the table
The philosophy of poetry
Food and Architecture" is the first book to explore, interrogate and illuminate the reciprocity between these two distinct fields of study and practice. Both disciplines rely on a combination of intuition, inventiveness, even wonder, but until recently have seldom come into dialogue with one another. Bringing together leading voices to provide an authoritative, cross-disciplinary exploration of the reciprocity between eating and building, this volume demonstrates how the fields of food studies and architecture can learn from each other. Each section focuses on a core area where food and architecture overlap - Regionalism, Sustainability, Craft and Authenticity - using these to introduce a variety of case studies exploring these themes. Covering topics ranging from pig slaughtering and farmhouses in Greece, to the possibility of an authentic American Cuisine, contributors employ a range of vantage points and methodologies, such as practice-based research, literary analysis, memoir, and voice narrative. Each section is concluded with a commentary, drawing out key themes and connections between chapters. This lively and compelling book will be invaluable reading for food studies and architecture students and will appeal to practicing architects and chefs.
Eco-experiential quality of urban forests: Combining ecological, restorative and aesthetic perspectives
In recent years philosophers have produced important books on nearly all the major arts: the novel and painting, music and theatre, dance and architecture, conceptual art and even gardening. Poetry is the sole exception. This is an astonishing omission, one this collection of original essays will correct. If contemporary philosophy still regards metaphors such as 'Juliet is the sun' as a serious problem, one has an acute sense of how prepared it is to make philosophical and aesthetic sense of poems such W. B. Yeats's 'The Second Coming', Sylvia Plath's 'Daddy', or Paul Celan's 'Todesfuge'. The Philosophy of Poetry brings together philosophers of art, language, and mind to expose and address the array of problems poetry raises for philosophy. In doing so it lays the foundation for a proper philosophy of poetry, setting out the various puzzles and paradoxes that future work in the field will have to address. Given its breadth of approach, the volume is relevant not only to aesthetics but to all areas of philosophy concerned with meaning, truth, and the communicative and expressive powers of language more generally. Poetry is the last unexplored frontier in contemporary analytic aesthetics, and this volume offers a powerful demonstration of how central poetry should be to philosophy.
How music works
The philosophy of wine : a case of truth, beauty and intoxication
Survival of the beautiful : art, science, and evolution
Disgust is a strong aversion, yet paradoxically it can constitute an appreciative aesthetic response to works of art. Artistic disgust can be funny, profound, sorrowful, or gross. This book examines numerous examples of disgust as it is aroused by art and offers a set of explanations for its aesthetic appeal.
Savoring disgust : the foul and the fair in aesthetics
Theories of the avant-garde theatre : a casebook from Kleist to Camus
"In 2010, pioneering sociologist Catherine Hakim shocked the world with a provocative new theory: In addition to the three recognized personal assets (economic, cultural, and social capital), each individual has a fourth asset-erotic capital-that he or she can, and should, use to advance within society. In this bold and controversial book, Hakim explores the applications and significance of erotic capital, challenging the disapproval meted out to women and men who use sex appeal to get ahead in life. Social scientists have paid little serious attention to these modes of personal empowerment, despite overwhelming evidence of their importance. In Erotic Capital, Hakim marshals a trove of research to show that rather than degrading those who employ it, erotic capital represents a powerful and potentially equalizing tool-one that we scorn only to our own detriment".
Quintessence of dental technology 2016
Functional beauty
Contemporary esthetic dentistry
Bringing the body to the stage and screen : expressive movement for performers
Aesthetic value in classical antiquity
The complete Book of five rings
Female beauty in art : history, feminism, woman artists
Art in three dimensions
The beauty myth : how images of beauty are used against women
The experience of beauty in the Middle Ages
Modalities of place : on polarisation end exclusion in concepts of place and in site-specific art
The ethics of a potential urbanism : critical encounters between Giorgio Agamben and architecture
Learning from Venice : what a unique city can teach about the aesthetic
Esthetics and prosthetics : interdisciplinary consideration of the state of the art
Aesthetics : a comprehensive anthology
Forest aesthetics
The art of the smile : integrating prosthodontics, orthodontics, periodontics, dental technology, and plastic surgery in esthetic dental treatment
"Survival of the Beautiful is a revolutionary new examination of the role that art and culture play in nature and the evolutionary process. Taking his inspiration from Charles Darwin's observation that birds have a natural aesthetic sense, Rothenberg dives into the mysteries of why we create art, and why animals, humans included, have innate appreciation for beauty.Sexual selection may explain why animals desire, but it says very little about what is desired. The beauty of nature is not arbitrary, even if random mutation and whim have played a part in evolution. Where does the diverse beauty of bird plumage come from? Why do different species of butterflies have different-and beautiful-patterns on their wings? What can we learn from the amazing range of animal aesthetic behavior? And what about the role of art in human evolution? Art is a part of life that has been around for millions of years, yet we rarely ask or explore why and how.Now is the time to find out where beauty comes from. Beauty has come from millions of years of the magic of evolution, and now it is time to let it find us. The evolution of artistry in the animal world can once again help us understand how beauty matters in the human world too"--
Injectable fillers in aesthetic medicine
Esthetic & restorative dentistry : material selection & technique
Aesthetics and the philosophy of art : the analytic tradition : an anthology
Secrets and mysteries: the glory and pleasure of being a woman
Fundamentals of color : shade matching and communication in esthetic dentistry
The filmmakers' eye : learning (and breaking) the rules of cinematic composition
This book articulates a new approach to medieval aesthetic values, emphasizing the sensory and emotional basis of all medieval arts, their love of play and fine craftsmanship, of puzzles, and of strong contrasts. Written for a general educated audience as well as students and scholars in the field, it offers an understanding of medieval literature and art that is rooted in the perceptions and feelings of ordinary life, made up of play and laughter as well as serious work. Medieval stylistic values of variety, sweetness, good taste, and ordinary beauty are grounded in classical and medieval biological theories of change and flux in the human body, not only in symbolism and theology. The book will appeal to all lovers of medieval arts, literature, architecture, music, and painting, as well as serious students of religion and the language of beauty.
Learning in the open, aesthetic alignment, and the pedagogy of simultaneity
The return of ancestral gods : modern Ukrainian paganism as an alternative vision for a nation
Modest fashion : styling bodies, mediating faith
The aesthetics of code : on excellence in instrumental action
Sustainable design strategies: Examination of aesthetics and function in zero waste and upcycling
The aesthetics of education : theatre, curiosity, and politics in the work of Jacques Rancière and Paulo Freire
Finnish summary.
Six names of beauty
You may also like : taste in an age of endless choice
Celebrating creative consciousness : insights into Oscar Wilde's aesthetics
"This book is a translation of the 1902 German text Forstästhetik by von Salisch. It represents the earliest thinking about forest aesthetics. It provides a window to the origins of the landscape architecture and forestry professions and a historical context for those seeking both beauty and income from the forest"--
The Perfect Meal : The Multisensory Science of Food and Dining
Designing for emotion
Unconscious memory representations in perception : processes and mechanisms in the brain
Empirical studies of music aesthetics
Bernar venet art and mathematics : in search of the sublime
The poetics of evil : toward an aesthetic theodicy
Learning from Venice : what a unique city can teach us about the aesthetic
Drama for diversity : the bases of approaching difference and fostering empathy through drama
Everyday aesthetics
Interpretive skepticism : Stanley Cavell, new criticism, and literary interpretation
Images of imagination : an aesthetic approach to education
Flowers that kill : communicative opacity in political spaces
Art in Three Dimensions is a collection of essays by one of the most eminent figures in philosophy of art. The animating idea behind Noel Carroll's work is that philosophers of art should eschew the sort of aestheticism that often implicitly - but sometimes explicitly, as in the case of aesthetic theories of art and of their commitments to the notion of the autonomy of art - governs their methodology. Instead, Carroll argues that philosophers of art need to refocus their attention on the ways in which art enters the life of culture and the lives of individual audience members. The reference to three dimensions in the title refers to Carroll's view that philosophers of art should look at art from multiple angles and treat it as a substantial participant not only in society, but also as a significant influence upon the moral and emotional experiences of audiences.
Aesthetics : critical concepts in philosophy. Vol. 2, Aesthetic theory
User interface design by applying theories of aesthetics
