http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22837 water scarcity
water scarcity water shortage
Sharing water in southern Africa
Water, culture, and power : local struggles in a global context
In a handful of dust
Water scarcity and food security along the Nile : politics, population increase and climate change
Coping with water scarcity : an action framework for agriculture and food security
Cultivating the Nile : the everyday politics of water in Egypt
Sixteen-year-old Lynn will do anything to protect her valuable water source, but the arrival of new neighbors forces her to reconsider her attitudes.
The new generation of watershed management programmes and projects : a resource book for practitioners and local decision-makers based on the findings and recommendations of an FAO review
Alternative water sources and wastewater management
Water
The global water crisis : a reference handbook
The human right to water : significance, legal status and implications for water allocation
Combating water scarcity in southern Africa : case studies from Namibia
Molecular responses to abiotic stress in Arabidopsis thaliana
Navigating troubled waters : an analysis of how urban water regimes in the global South reproduce inequality
"Power and Water in the Middle East provides a powerful new perspective on the Palestinian-Israeli water conflict. Adopting a new approach to understanding water conflict - hydro-hegemony - the author shows the conflict to be much more deeply entrenched than previously thought, and reveals how existing tactics to control water are leading away from peace and towards continued domination and a squandering of this vital resource." "Existing approaches tend to play down the negative effects of non-violent water conflict, and what is often presented as co-operation between countries hides a deep imbalance and underlying state of conflict between them. Mark Zeitoun's important work shows how the new analytical framework of hydro-hegemony may be used to expose the hidden dynamics of water conflict around the world and how, in particular, it yields critical insights into the Middle East water problem." "Combining extensive technical expertise with personal experience in the field, Power and Water in the Middle East offers new findings that will interest researchers, professionals, and policy makers involved with the politics of the Middle East and with water conflict more generally."--BOOK JACKET.
Water resources and development
The atlas of water : mapping the world's most critical resource
The local perception on changes in water availability and accessibility in the Taita Hills, Kenya
"In 2050, the population in all the Nile Basin countries is expected to be ten times higher than it was in 1950. This will put ever increasing pressure on water as a resource for development. The Nile Basin catchment area is shared by 11 countries covering about one-tenth of the African continent. Globally, around 70 per cent of fresh water consumption is used in agriculture. This puts the spotlight on future scenarios regarding food production: will there be enough water for food security in the Nile Basin countries? In this Current African Issues publication, water scarcity and food security are analysed from a range of perspectives. What are the future predictions regarding population increase and climate change, and how will these affect development in Nile Basin countries? What are the current water theories addressing the above issues, and what are the main challenges the Nile Basin countries will face in a context that is also strongly shaped by its history?" --Publisher's description.
Unearthing conflict : corporate mining, activism, and expertise in Peru
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the levantine Middle East
Not a drop to drink
The biopolitics of water : technology, subjectivity and lifestyle in eThekwini municipality, South Africa
In a barren land, teenage Lucy is taken away from the community she has grown up in and searches the vast countryside for a new home.
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the Levantine Middle East
Water : life in every drop
Evaluation : The Finnish development cooperation in the water sector
Dam nation : how water shaped the west and will determine its future
This book offers a close examination of water scarcity as a developmental challenge facing member nations of the Southern African Development Community (SADC), the interventions that have been implemented to combat the situation and the challenges still outstanding. The first chapter paints the backdrop of the water scarcity problem, reviewing historical approaches from the 1992 Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro to the Johannesburg World Summit on Sustainable Development (2002) to the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development (2012), and recapping principles and agreements reached during and after these conferences. Chapter two examines the Southern Africa region's efforts to combat water scarcity including principles, policies and strategies and the responsibility of each member to implement them. Written by the editor, J.P. Msangi, the chapter describes Namibia's efforts to ensure management of scarce water. Beyond enacting management and pollution control regulations and raising public awareness, Namibia encourages research to ensure attainment of the requirements of both the SADC Protocol and its own water scarcity management laws. The next three chapters offer Namibia-based case studies on impacts of pollution on water treatment; on the effects of anthropogenic activities on water quality and on the effects of water transfers from dams upstream of Von Bach dam. The final chapter provides detailed summaries of the issues discussed in the book, highlighting conclusions and offering recommendations. Combating Water Scarcity in Southern Africa synthesizes issues pertinent to the SADC countries as well as to other regions, and offers research that up to now has not been conducted in Namibia.
Blue covenant : the global water crisis and the coming battle for the right to water
Water and development : good governance after neoliberalism
Power and water in the Middle East : the hidden politics of the Palestinian-Israeli water conflict
Providing inexpensive drinking water treatment solutions for developing countries - a case study on Luanda, Angola
Asia beyond growth
China's new social policy : initiatives for a harmonious society
