http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2285 collectors (gatherers)
collectors (gatherers)
Danish folktales, legends, and other stories
The face behind the text : a collection of Russian proverbs by an unknown collector
The collected Sicilian folk and fairy tales of Giuseppe Pitrè
Linguistic fieldwork
Popularizing Pennsylvania : Henry W. Schoemaker and the progressive uses of folklore and history
America's folklorist : Benjamin A. Botkin and American culture
G. J. Ramstedt as a recorder of Khalkha epics
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (7), Collectors : Tt/mZ
The story-time of the British empire : colonial and postcolonial folkloristics
Integrated use of cover crops to control nitrogen leaching and soil borne root pathogens
Discussions on the past : shared experience in the collection of Finnish folk poetry
Summary: Evald Tang Kristensen's collections of legends on conflict between landlord and peasant in pre-industrial Denmark.
Self-taught collectors of folklore and their challenge to archival authority
Northern Byzantine icons
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (2), Collectors : E-H
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (1), Collectors : A-D
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (4), Collectors : M
The ballad and the folk
Traditional Inuit songs from the Thule area
Beyond the green myth : Borneo's hunter-gatherers in the twenty-first century
Folklore and modern Irish writing
Abstract: Encounters with the past : a study of the construction of folk poetry sources and their interpretations.
Magic narratives as dialogue between archives and rural inhabitants in Finland 1880-1960
Discussions on the past and potential
The legacy of a folklore collector - Oskar Rancken, 1824-1895
Galerie Forsblom : since 1977
Alfhild Forslin 1904-1991
Things in culture, culture in things
Runo collectors and laments in Old Ingria
Proverbs as historical media and messages
”Hope is the last thing to die in life” : mapping out the needs and hopes of dump pickers in Maputo as a part of a process of empowerment
Krišjānis Barons : the man and his works
Meeting hardship, illness and malice : Valter W. Forsblom and his documentation of healing practices in Swedish-speaking Finland 1913-1917
Yoik : aspects of performing, collecting, interpreting
A simple evaluation of the Swedish Catch Crop Program
The life & legacy of Alexander Carmichael
Solar engineering of thermal processes
Bodies in motion : the peregrinations of early Finland-Swedish folklore collectors
Waste picking activities in Ho Chi Minh City : non-conventional approach to solid waste management
Passion and profit : towards an anthropology of collecting
The old outboard book
A. O. Väisänen and the importance of the early collecting and study of Fenno-Ugric music
The irresistible fairy tale : the cultural and social history of a genre
The Irish Folklore Commission 1935-1970 : history, ideology, methodology
Mechanisms for different metal hyperaccumulation and hypertolerance in Noccaea caerulescens accessions
Drawing on cognitive science, evolutionary theory, anthropology, psychology, literary theory, and other fields, this book presents a nuanced argument about how fairy tales originated in ancient oral cultures, how they evolved through the rise of literary culture and print, and how, in our own time, they continue to change through their adaptation.
"When Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm published their Children's and Household Tales in 1812, followed by a second volume in 1815, they had no idea that such stories as "Rapunzel," "Hansel and Gretel," and "Cinderella" would become the most celebrated in the world. Yet few people today are familiar with the majority of tales from the two early volumes, since in the next four decades the Grimms would publish six other editions, each extensively revised in content and style. For the very first time, The Original Folk and Fairy Tales of the Brothers Grimm makes available in English all 156 stories from the 1812 and 1815 editions. These narrative gems, newly translated and brought together in one beautiful book, are accompanied by sumptuous new illustrations from award-winning artist Andrea Dezsö. From "The Frog King" to "The Golden Key," wondrous worlds unfold--heroes and heroines are rewarded, weaker animals triumph over the strong, and simple bumpkins prove themselves not so simple after all. Esteemed fairy tale scholar Jack Zipes offers accessible translations that retain the spare description and engaging storytelling style of the originals. Indeed, this is what makes the tales from the 1812 and 1815 editions unique--they reflect diverse voices, rooted in oral traditions, that are absent from the Grimms' later, more embellished collections of tales. Zipes's introduction gives important historical context, and the book includes the Grimms' prefaces and notes. A delight to read, The Original Folk and Fairy Tales of the Brothers Grimm presents these peerless stories to a whole new generation of readers"--
More than a life : John Meredith and the fight for Australian tradition
The original folk and fairy tales of the Brothers Grimm : the complete first edition
Motivations of volunteer archive correspodents : three women from Estonia
Love for a distaff
Marginality and reflexivity in folklore studies
Elias Lönnrot (1802-1884) : creator of the Kalevala, professor of language, medical doctor
Folklore in 2000 : voces amicorum Guilhelmo Voigt sexagenario
