http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22850 oracles
oracles
Divination is one of the best documented intellectual and religious endeavours of Ancient Mesopotamia. Texts pertaining to divination appear already at the beginning of the 2nd millennium BCE and the tradition continued up until the very end of cuneiform culture. But the lifespan of Mesopotamian divination is much longer than two millennia. It gestated in the 3rd millennium and remnants live on to this day in astrology and astronomy. This volume is dedicated to the sources from the 1st millennium. They are rich and varied, consisting of technical and theoretical works, explanatory texts, commentaries as well as ephemeral sources for the practical use of divination in the life of king and commoner. From being the preserves of a very few specialists, divination has become an important topic of study with new text editions and studies appearing every year, this book provides a survey of the sources, as well as an introduction to the history, theory and practice of the various divination genres.
Prophecy and history in the crisis of the Roman Empire : a historical commentary on the Thirteenth Sibylline Oracle
Reap the wind
Claimed by shadow
Mysteries of the oracles : the last secrets of antiquity
The curse of the mummy and other mysteries of Ancient Egypt
Making the gods speak : the ancient oracles
Ancient Greek divination
Studies in ancient oracles and divination
The oracles of Apollo in Asia Minor
Touch the dark
Chaldaean oracles and theurgy : mysticism, magic and platonism in the later Roman empire
The seer in ancient Greece
You'd think that being chief seer for the supernatural world would come with a few perks. But as Cassie Palmer has learned, being Pythia doesn't mean you don't have to do things the hard way. That's why she finds herself on a rescue mission skipping through time - even though she doesn't entirely understand her dimension-bending new power. Rescuing her friend John Pritkin should have been an in-and-out kind of deal, but with the near-immortal mage's soul lost in time, Cassie has to hunt for it through the ages - with Pritkin's demon dad in tow. He's the only one who can reverse Pritkin's curse, but with the guardians of the timeline dead set on stopping anyone from mucking about, Cassie will have to figure out how to get her friend back without ruffling too many feathers - or causing a world-ending paradox or two...
Hunt the moon
For more than a thousand years, Greeks in all walks of life consulted oracles for guidance received directly from the gods. This title encompasses the history of Greek oracles and focuses on philosophical, psychological, and anthropological aspects of oracular consultation.
Mesopotamian Divination Texts : Conversing with the Gods : Sources from the First Millennium BCE
Oracles, curses and risk among the ancient Greeks
Forbidden oracles? : The Gospel of the Lots of Mary
Embrace the night
Curse the dawn
The Devil's tabernacle : the pagan oracles in early modern thought
Tempt the stars
