http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22851 fortune-tellers
fortune-tellers
The Raven Boys
Death's mistress : sister of darkness
Women in ritual and symbolic roles
The Brahan Seer : the making of a legend
Memories of the slave trade : ritual and the historical imagination in Sierra Leone
If he's wicked
Cursed
Divination and oracles
Witchcraft : confessions & accusations
Burned
The daykeeper : the life and discourse of an Ixil diviner
The gift
Dreamer-prophets of the Columbia Plateau : Smohalla and Skolaskin
Divination is one of the best documented intellectual and religious endeavours of Ancient Mesopotamia. Texts pertaining to divination appear already at the beginning of the 2nd millennium BCE and the tradition continued up until the very end of cuneiform culture. But the lifespan of Mesopotamian divination is much longer than two millennia. It gestated in the 3rd millennium and remnants live on to this day in astrology and astronomy. This volume is dedicated to the sources from the 1st millennium. They are rich and varied, consisting of technical and theoretical works, explanatory texts, commentaries as well as ephemeral sources for the practical use of divination in the life of king and commoner. From being the preserves of a very few specialists, divination has become an important topic of study with new text editions and studies appearing every year, this book provides a survey of the sources, as well as an introduction to the history, theory and practice of the various divination genres.
Reading Russian fortunes : print culture, gender, and divination in Russia from 1765
A kingdom of stargazers : astrology and authority in the late medieval crown of Aragon
The poisoned honey cake
Eight million gods
The realm of the extra-human : agents and audiences
Fated
Zulu thought-patterns and symbolism
The sewer demon
The seer in ancient Greece
Magic in the moonlight
The Hob's bargain
The gift - enne
Alex Verus is a mage who can see the future, but even he couldn't have seen this day coming. Alex has agreed to join the Keepers, the magical police force, to protect his friends from his old master, the Dark Mage Richard Drakh.
Women in Tibet : past and present
A Red Herring without Mustard
Diviner Alex Verus finally made one too many enemies on the Council of Mages, and now one of them is angry enough to have him executed. Fighting for his life is nothing new, but this kill order also calls for the death of Alex’s dependents—and there’s no way that he’ll let Luna, Anne, and Vari take the heat.  With only a week before he’s history, Alex will have to figure out how to disassociate himself from his friends, scrounge up allies on the Council, and hopefully keep his head attached to his body.  But saving himself is going to bring him into direct opposition with his former master and the Dark mages surrounding him. And, this time, escaping with his life might mean losing his soul.
Contemporary life and witchcraft : magic, divination, and religious ritual in Europe
Chosen
Picture maker
The diviner : the inspiring true story of a man with uncanny insight and the ability to heal
Edgar Cayce: an american prophet
Classical Athens and the Delphic oracle : divination and democracy
NEVER LOOK BACK Alex Verus is a diviner who can see probable futures - a talent that's gotten him and his friends out of many a tough scrape. But what happens when someone doesn't want Alex's help? Alex's friend, the life mage Anne, distanced herself from him when she found out about his past as a Dark apprentice. Now she's in serious trouble, but wants nothing to do with him. Alex has to start wondering if Anne's problem is really with him - or if there's a secret she's trying to hide. On top of that, rumours are swirling around London that Alex's former master may be back in town. Alex has no idea what his agenda may be, or who it involves ...
Studies in social anthropology : essays in memory of E. E. Evans-Pritchard by his former Oxford colleagues
The raven boys
The last warner woman
The firebrand : a novel
Mesopotamian Divination Texts : Conversing with the Gods : Sources from the First Millennium BCE
The goddess chronicle
