http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2280 buyers' guides
buyers' guides
Secondhand and vintage New York
Catalog design : the art of creating desire
The spend less handbook : 365 tips for a better quality if life while actually spending less
Green is the new black : how to change the world with style
Java-based AutoExpert system
Purchasing : selection and procurement for the hospitality industry. Study guide to accompany
A poor collector's guide to buying great art
Very simple chinese
Der Geigenmarkt : ein Führer zum Instrumentenkauf = The violin market : the violinists guide to instrument purchase
Guide to European pumps & pumping : the practical reference book on pumps and pumping with comprehensive buyers guide to European manufacturers and suppliers
Abstract: The food business and therefore, also fish industry includes some special features, which can cause certain problems. Nature of fish industry is hectic as the products are easily perishable. The case company, to which this thesis was conducted, is currently importing fish from several countries inside and outside of the European Union.  The purpose of this thesis was to conduct separate instructions for the case company's suppliers about delivering to the case company. Actions on behalf of the suppliers for having successful import process in hectic environment were wanted to be ensured. The case company is continuously expanding. Current problems, which were seen as cognizable might result in the future in bigger problems when the amounts of fish imported and the amount of suppliers increases considerably.  The theory part of this thesis consisted of the topics related to procurement and importing. The features of importing perishable products were taken into account. In the research part the case company's current procedures and the current actions of suppliers towards flawless import process were researched. Additionally, problem areas in current procedures and proposed solutions were examined. This case study research concerned the procurement and imports of fresh and frozen fish. After the theme interviews were made for certain personnel from the case company, summary of the import process in form in which it should be executed, was presented. The desirable import process for the case company was presented in the conducted summary of import process after improvement proposals. The final outcome of this thesis, instructions for suppliers, ensures the desirable import process to be achieved.  The results of this thesis are to be used in the future at the case company. The case company gained crucial information from the conducted research and improvement proposals. The supplier instructions, which ensures the import process to be as suggested, are to be sent to every current and new supplier in order to secure the flawless import process in the future.
Suzy Gershman's born to shop Hong Kong, Shanghai & Beijing : the ultimate guide for people who love to shop
Your first sailboat : how to find and sail the right boat for You
Clarinet manual : how to buy, set up and maintain a Boehm system clarinet
Secondhand and vintage Paris
The acoustic guitar guide / Everything you need to know to buy and maintain a new or used guitar
Guide to European valves : for control, isolation and safety
The spend less handbook : 365 tips for a better quality of life while actually spending less
Cool green stuff : a guide to finding great recycled, sustainable, renewable objects you will love
Talotekniikan osto-opas 2003-2004 = Building technology buying guide 2003-2004
Consumer reports
Buying a property in Spain : an insider guide to finding a home i the sun
Guide to European electric motors : drives and controls : the practical reference book on electric motors, drives, controls and ancillary equipment, including a comprehensive buyers' guide to European manufacturers and suppliers
Importing fish to Finland : instructions for fish suppliers
Ultimate gear guides : technology and manuals made simple!. Boss pedals : which ones to buy and why
The little green book of nutrition : 250 tips for an eco lifestyle
1001 wines you must try before you die
Shopping in London
How to win at shopping : 297 insider secrets for getting the style you want at the price you want to pay
Wine buyer's guide
Purchasing for chefs : a concise guide
The Omnibus essential guide to classical CDs
The simple guide to customs and etiquette in Germany
Vintage lighting : a collector's guide
Car guide 2008 : the facts, the figures, the knowledge
The 1902 edition of the Sears, Roebuck catalogue
Esteetön Helsinki : liikkumisesteisen opas = Det tillgängliga Helsingfors : guide för funktionshindrade = Accessible Helsinki : guide for disabled people
Fender Bass Manual : How to Buy, Maintain and Set Up the Fender Bass Guitar
