http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22839 microgreens
microgreens
Crown architecture and its role in species interactions in mixed boreal forests
Abstract.
The species complex of Gremmeniella abietina : intertype hybridization, viruses, and gene flow in northern Europe
Carbon dioxide and photosynthetic photon flux density effects on growth and mineral uptake of cacao
Climatic factors causing ascospores release of Gremmeniella abietina var. balsamea
Insects affecting reforestation : biology and damage
Propagation and biology of Melampsora pinitorqua Rostr. in Bulgaria
The genomes of dsRNA viruses of Gremmeniella abietina
Genetic variation of Gremmeniella abietina in Finland
Scleroderris canker and frost damage in fertilized pine stands on an ombrotrophic mire
Needle size and needle nutrient contents of Scots pine after Gremmeniella abietina infection and green pruning
Gremmeniella infection on lodgepole pine in northern Sweden
Gremmeniella abietina in Sweden: historical background and symptomatology of the disease
Gremmeniella abietina : disease biology and genetic variation within Fennoscandia
Multiplication of hybrid aspen (Populus tremula L. x P. tremuloides Michx.) from cuttings
Susceptibility of Jack pine from Quebec seed sources to Sceloderris canker
Summary.
How environmental factors affect Brunchorstia pinea (Karst.) Höhn. infection on pines
The epiphytotic occurrence of Gremmeniella abietina in Scots pine forests of northern Poland during 1982-1984
Size of ascospores in the A and B types of Gremmeniella abietina
Continuity on the local level
Goa : 20 years of psychedelic trance
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on Edible Alliaceae, Fukuoja, Japan May 21-24, 2012
Fungal diseases causing fruit decay in sweet cherries (Prunum avium L.) : effects of rain protective covers, aborted fruits, overwintering sites and cuticular fractures = Fruktrote i søtkirsebær (Prunus avium L.) : verknad av dekking, aborterte frukter, overvintringsstader og sprekker i fruktkutikula
Effects of acid rain on an Ascocalyx abietina infection in Scots pine
Variation between half-sib progenies of Pinus sylvestris L. in crown deformations by Melampsora pinitorqua Rostr
The incidence of Gremmeniella abietina in relation to topography in southern Finland
UV-induced NOy emissions in gas-exchange chambers enclosing Scots pine shoots : an analysis on their origin and significance
Techniques and approaches in forest tree ecophysiology
The Apocryphon of Jannes and Jambres the magicians : P. Chester Beatty XVI (with new editions of Papyrus Vindobonensis Greek inv. 29456 + 29828verso and British Library Cotton Tiberius B. v f. 87)
The affects of pruning to budbreakage and shoot formation on 'Rajka' apple
Old and fresh Gremmeniella abietina damage on Scots pine in eastern Lapland in 1992.
Effect of nutrient imbalance on the interaction between Pinus sylvestris and Gremmeniella abietina
Inoculation of Scots pine seedlings with Ascocalyx abietina during a simulated growing season
Dry matter partitioning and plant development as function of environmental factors in wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) cv. Avalon
Dasineura tetensi and black currant : on a variable gall midge and its variable host
History of the decline in the Rikkilehto Scots pine stand
Variation in uniascus monoascospore cultures of Ascocalyx abietina
Gremmeniella abietina produces pycnidia in cankers of living shoots with green needles on Scots pine
Introductory mycology
Effects of simulated acid rain on the susceptibility to Scleroderris canker (Ascocalyx abietina (Lagerb.) Schläpher-Bernhard) and on assimilation and transpiration of Scots pine seedlings
Alterations in growth and canopy architecture among dwarf, semidwarf and tall oat lines grown under northern conditions
Effects of foliar nitrogen, potassium and magnesium concentrations and irradiance on the resistance of Scots pine seedlings to scleroderris canker infection
Modelling the risk of pine twisting rust (Melampsora pinitorqua) damage in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) stands in Finland
The roots and branches of locality
Occurrence of and interaction between Gremenniella abietina and endophytic fungi in two conifers
Timing of Scots pine branch damage caused by large-tree type of Gremmeniella abietina var. abietina and the structure of epidemics in northern Finland
Does elevated ozone predispose northern deciduous tree species to abiotic and biotic stresses?
Diseases and pests as additional stress factors of Scots pine
Polyphyletic viruses of Gremmeniella abietina type A, a major pathogenic fungus of coniferous trees
Epiphytology of Melampsora rusts of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) and aspen (Populus tremula L.)
Gremmeniella disease and site factors affecting the condition and growth of scots pine
Factors affecting the risk of Gremmeniella abietina infection in Scots pine stands
Scots pine diseases : proceedings of an international symposium Kòrnik, Poland, 16-20, May 1989 : joint meeting: 7th European Colloquium of Forest Pathologists and the members of two IUFRO Working Parties S2.05.04 Resistance of pines to Melampsora pinitorqua, S2.06.02 Canker and shoot blight of conifers
Effect of harvest time on storage loss and sprouting in onion
Timing of fungicide control of Gremmeniella abietina on Scots pine seedlings
Recent research on Scleroderris cancer of conifers : proceedings of meeting in Salzburg Austria and Ljubljana Yugoslavia, September 1986
Stress combinations and the susceptibility of Scots pine to Ascocalyx abietina
Effects of living crown reduction on needle element status of Scots pine
Allocation of added selenium in lettuce and its impact on roots
Factors favouring pathogenesis of Gremmeniella abietina
Nursery practices and management of fungal diseases in forest nurseries in Finland : a review
Release and germination of basidiospores of Melampsora pinitorqua (Braun) Rostr. and M. larici-tremulae Kleb. at various temperatures
Collembola associated with Ascocalyx abietina and differences in the occurrence of the fungus in southern and northern Finland
Differentiation of pine shoot tissue in relation to the development of aecia by Melampsora pinitorqua
The effect of nitrogen and potassium availability on scleroderris canker of Scots pine seedlings
Plant stems : physiology and functional morphology
The current scleroderris situation in Europe
Proceedings of the meeting of the IUFRO Working Party S2.05-05, Resistance in pines to Melampsora pinitorqua, June, 1979, Suonenjoki, Finland = IUFRO:n työryhmän S2.05-05, Versoruosteenkestävyys männyssä, kesäkuussa 1979 Suonenjoella pidetyn kokouksen esitelmät
Site characteristics of Scots pine stands infected by Gremmeniella abietina in central Finland. I: Mineral soil sites
Importance of root to shoot communication in the responses to environmental stress : proceedings of a meeting organized by The British Society for Plant Growth Regulation in conjunction with the Society for Experimental Biology and the Tansley Fund on 13-15th Sept., 1989 at the University of Lancaster
