http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22832 map collections
map collections
Terra cognita : yli sata historiallista karttaa Nordenskiöldin kokoelmasta! = Över hundra historiska kartor ur Nordenskiöldsamlingen! = More than one hundred historical maps from the Nordenskiöld collection!
Avartuva maailma : kartta-aarteita A. E. Nordenskiöldin kokoelmasta = Världen vidgas : skatter i A. E. Nordenskiölds kartsamling = The emerging world : map treasures from the A. E. Nordenskiöld collection
A.E. Nordenskiöld collection included in the Unesco Memory
The A.E. Nordenskiöld collection in the Helsinki University Library : annotated catalogue of maps made up to 1800.. Vol. 3, Books containing maps. Loose maps. Addenda to vols. 1-2
Introduction
B"lgarskite zemi ot drevnostta do naši dni v atlasi, karti, gravûri i knigi ot kolekciâta na d-r Simeon Simov = The Bulgarian lands from the antiquity to the recent days in atlases, maps, engravings and books from the collection of dr. Simeon Simov
Ukraine under western eyes : the Bohdan and Neonila Krawciw Ucrainica Map Collection
[Topographic maps] Survey of Israel
The emergence of maps in libraries
The A.E. Nordenskiöld collection in the Helsinki University Library : annotated catalogue of maps made up to 1800.. Vol. 2, Atlases K-Z
Arhiivkogu Rahvusraamatukogus : Eesti kultuuripärandi hoidja = Eesti kultuuripärandi hoidja = Archival collection in the National Library of Estonia : cherishing Estonian cultural heritage
The Map librarian in the modern world : essays in honour of Walter W. Ristow
The treatment of special material in libraries
Map librarianship : an introduction
A. E. Nordenskiöld : a scientist and his library
Vyhod k Baltijskomu morû : karty i drugie informacionnye resursy Baltijskogo morâ i pribrežnyh territorij : IX Meždunarodnyj simpozium = Access to the Baltic sea : maps and other information resources in a sea-bound area : IX International symposium
Nordic Conference on Digital transfer of images held at VTT, Technical Research Centre, Espoo, Finland, 10-11 November 1994 : proceedings of a Conference organised by Nordinfo
Maps and charts of North America and the West Indies 1750-1789 : a guide to the collections in the Library of Congress
Marks of genius : masterpieces from the collections of the Bodleian Libraries
The A.E. Nordenskiöld collection in the Helsinki University Library : annotated catalogue of maps made up to 1800.. Vol. 1, Atlases A-J
World directory of map collections
Maps in the atlases of The British Library : a descriptive catalogue c. AD 850-1800
Das kulturelle Erbe geowissenschaftlicher und montanwissenschatlicher Bibliotheken : Internationales Symposium, 1993, Freiberg (Sachsen), Deutschland = Cultural heritage collected in libraries of geoscience, mining and metallurgy : International Symposium 1993, Freiberg (Saxony), Germany
Juha Nurminen collection of world maps : maps, atlases, books and globes
Terra cognita : maailma tulee tunnetuksi = kännedomen om världen ökar = discovering the world
The Smithsonian Institution African Mammal Project (1961-1972) : an annotated gazetteer of collecting localities and summary of its taxonomic and geographic scope
The A.E. Nordenskiöld collection in the Helsinki University Library : annotated catalogue of maps made up to 1800.. Vol. 4, Index of titles of maps in alphabetical order
Sankt-Peterburg i Ingermanlandiâ v arhivah Švecii, Šveciâ v arhivah Sankt-Peterburga = Saint-Petersburg and Ingermanland in Swedish archives, Sweden in Saint-Petersburg archives
The map library in the new millennium
The A.E. Nordenskiöld Collection in the Helsinki University Library : annotated catalogue of maps made up to 1800.. Vol. 5, 2, Index of geographical names. A hierarchical structure
The A.E. Nordenskiöld Collection in the Helsinki University Library : annotated catalogue of maps made up to 1800.. Vol. 5, 1, Index of atlases, books and loose maps. Chronological index of atlases, books and loose maps. Nominal index. Names of cartographers, engravers, map-authors and publishers. Index of geographical names in alphabetical order
Sammlung Ryhiner : Karten, Pläne und Ansichten aus dem 16. bis 19. Jahrhundert = Ryhiner Collection : maps, plans and views from the 16th to the 19th century
