http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22898 lust
lust
Desire in Dante and the Middle Ages
Aftershock
Desire : a history of european sexuality
Playing with desire : Christopher Marlowe and the art of tantalization
Addiction and self-control : perspectives from philosophy, psychology, and neuroscience
Fallout : a novel
The Art of loving. 1
Peepholes
Augustine and the functions of concupiscence
Landscape with animals
Much ado about rogues : the Blackthorn brothers
Chester's back!
In the flesh
Marrying Winterborne
Deep and silent waters
"A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London"--
Down to you
The cat wants custard
The king is dead
Women, food and desire : embrace your cravings, make peace with food, reclaim your body
The Pindar diamond
The taming of the rake : the Blackthorn brothers
Neverwhere
Release
Freedom from passions in Augustine
Steelheart
Round the twist : creative cordmaking
Between sexual desire and reality : the evolution of sex in Finland
When Jenny Thornton and her six friends open the white box given to her by the mysterious Julian, they discover a strange game and enter a house of horrors full of their worst nightmares, where they must triumph or die.
The constant queen
Originating at the 2011 conference of the International Academy of Practical Theology in the iconic city of Amsterdam, this volume explores the practical theological significance of desire. Although desire is central to many issues in practical theology and related disciplines, it is only rarely discussed under its own name. Three introductory chapters locate desire in concrete practices in the city and discuss the phenomenology, theology, and ethics of desire. Subsequent sections are organized around embodying desire, culturing desire, and transforming desire. The chapters include various kinds of desire, including sexuality, consumerism, and spirituality. Perspectives from different contexts and religious traditions are offered in this rich and thought-provoking book.
Problematic digital gaming behavior and its relation to the psychological, social and physical health of Finnish adolescents and young adults
Things I wish I'd known
ANYWHERE BUT HERE
The white road
The scoundrel and the debutante
Italian deception
The Radleys
Like water for chocolate : a novel in monthly installments, with recipes, romances and home remedies
Deadly beloved
The prize in the game
We are not ourselves : a novel
Women, food, and desire : embrace your cravings, make peace with food, reclaim your body
A Lady's pleasure
The rich boy
Beneath this man
Renewing Team Competition for Himos-Safaris
A court of mist and fury
Release me
A billion wicked thoughts : what the world's largest experiment reveals about human desire
Adultery : a novel
The snow queen
A midsummer night's sin : the Blackthorn brothers
Sublime enjoyment : on the perverse motive in American literature
This is how you lose her
The best little book club in town
Love Bites : The mammoth book of vampire romance 2
One with you
And then comes marriage
Two maverick neuroscientists use the world's largest psychology experiment--the Internet--to study the private activities of millions of men and women around the world, unveiling a revolutionary and shocking new vision of human desire that overturns conventional thinking. For his groundbreaking sexual research, Alfred Kinsey and his team interviewed 18,000 people, relying on them to honestly report their most intimate experiences. Using the Internet, the neuroscientists Ogas and Gaddam quietly observed the raw sexual behaviors of half a billion people. By combining their observations with neuroscience and animal research, these two young neuroscientists finally answer the long-disputed question: what do people really like? Ogas and Gaddam's findings are transforming the way scientists and therapists think about sexual desire. Their fascinating and occasionally disturbing findings will rock our modern understanding of sexuality, just as Kinsey's reports did sixty years ago.--From publisher description.
Though Feyre now has the powers of the High Fae, her heart remains human, but as she navigates the feared Night Court's dark web of politics, passion, and dazzling power, a greater evil looms--and she might be key to stopping it.
Abstract.
Exuberance : the passion for life
Disordered gambling in Finland : epidemiology and a current treatment option
After we collided
City of desires - a place for God? : practical theological perspectives
Desire by gender and genre in trouvère song
The book lovers' appreciation society
What happened in Vegas
The black door
Two of the deadliest : the best new crime stories by female writers
The lesser bohemians
Background and Aims      The aim of this study was to identify problematic gaming behavior among Finnish adolescents and young adults, and evaluate its connection to a variety of psychological, social, and physical health symptoms.        Methods      This cross-sectional study was conducted with a random sample of 293 respondents aged from 13 to 24 years. Participants completed an online survey. Problematic gaming behavior was measured with the Game Addiction Scale (GAS). Self-reports covered health measures such as psychological health (psychopathological symptoms, satisfaction with life), social health (preferences for social interaction), and physical health (general health, Body Mass Index [BMI], body discomfort, physical activity).        Results      Problematic gaming behavior was found to relate to psychological and health problems, namely fatigue, sleep interference, depression and anxiety symptoms. Multiple linear regression indicated that the amount of weekly gaming, depression and a preference for online social interaction predicted increased problematic gaming symptoms.        Conclusions      This research emphasized that problematic gaming behavior had a strong negative correlation to a variety of subjective health outcomes.
The Adventuress : the irresistible rise of Miss Cath Fox
Shakespeare and Renaissance literature before heterosexuality
