http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22861 feminist philosophy
feminist philosophy
The metaphysics of gender
The Philosophy of Simone de Beauvoir: Gendered Phenomenologies, Erotic Generosities sees Beauvoir as engaged in a three-way conversation with Sartre and Merleau-Ponty. Like Sartre and Merleau-Ponty, Beauvoir took up the legacies of the modern and phenomenological philosophical traditions. Unlike them, however, she attended to the phenomenological implications of the sexed body, pursued the idea of ambiguity and developed the philosophical category of the erotic. This book reads Beauvoir as speaking in two philosophical voices; a familiar existential voice and an unfamiliar voice that speaks of the other, generosity, the gift and the ethical possibilities of the erotic event.
Thinking Fragments provides a brilliant critique of psychoanalytic, feminist, and postmodern theory. Examining the writings of Freud, Winnicott, Lacan, Chodorow, Irigaray, Derrida, Rorty, and Foucault, among others, Flax conducts a "conversation" among psychoanalysts, feminist thinkers, and postmodern theorists, evaluating the ways in which each group of thinkers succeeds in coming to terms with crises in contemporary Western culture. As she analyzes each theory in turn, the others are used to identify and interrogate its gaps and omissions. The result is a postmodern text of intertwined ideas, devoid of clear beginnings, endings, conclusions. Flax addresses the question, "how is it possible to theorize in the contemporary West?" With the demise of objective notions of truth, knowledge, self and power, intellectuals have devised these new modes of thinking which both reflect and contribute to the uncertainties of the contemporary West. Each also addresses at least one aspect of what has become most problematic to modern individuals: How to come to terms with self, gender, knowledge and power without resorting to concepts that stress objectivity, universal knowledge, and a unitary self. Flax finds that neither psychoanalysis, nor feminism, nor postmodernism is adequate to the task for which it was conceived. Each can illuminate certain aspects of problems of self, gender, knowledge, and power, but none is sufficient on its own. In fact, each incorporates characteristic blindnesses rooted in part in the very difficulties it addresses. Despite their failures, Flax concludes that these modes of theorizing are our best tools thus far, compelling us to use them even while we grapple with the problems they raise. Thinking Fragments is a wide-ranging study that will elicit much discussion and debate. It is an essential text for social scientists and humanists alike, as well as anyone else who thinks about how to "do" theory in the contemporary West.
Feminist interpretations of David Hume
Nomadic theory : the portable Rosi Braidotti
Time in feminist phenomenology
Luce Irigaray's philosophy of feminine being : body, desire and wisdom
An introduction to feminist philosophy
What is a woman? : and other essays
Knowledge, experience, and ruling relations : studies in the social organizations of knowledge
Philosophy of science after feminism
The material of knowledge : feminist disclosures
Gender and genius : towards a feminist aesthetics
Vulnerability : new essays in ethics and feminist philosophy
Differential aesthetics : art practices, philosophy and feminist understandings
Returning to Irigaray : feminist philosophy, politics, and the question of unity
Birth, death, and femininity : philosophies of embodiment
How to do things with pornography
Understanding Judith Butler
The wrong of injustice : dehumanization and its role in feminist philosophy
Feminist interpretations of Ayn Rand
Gynesis : configuarations of woman and modernity
Irigaray : towards a sexuate philosophy
Julia Kristeva's most remarkable contribution to modern thought has been her revelation of how pre-verbal experience - poetic, infantile, maternal and spiritual, or simply the experience of suffering - enters language through the processes of literature, art and psychoanalysis. Anne-Marie Smith's concise introductory study examines Kristeva in the light of her contemporary activity as writer, teacher and psychoanalyst. Tracing the evolution of Kristeva's thinking over the last thirty years she draws attention to its conceptual coherence and value as a work-in-progress of cultural critique. Smith provides close readings of the original texts, new translations and first-hand accounts of Kristeva's lectures. Kristeva's influence in Anglo-American thought is set against her place in the French intellectual tradition. She emphasizes Kristeva's involvement in public cultural activity and personal commitment to psychoanalytic practice as well as her insistent interrogation of the place of women and of foreignness in social structures.
Having enjoyed more than twenty years of development, feminist epistemology and philosophy of science are now thriving fields of inquiry, offering current scholars a rich tradition from which to draw. In addition to a recognition of the power of knowledge itself and its effects on women's lives, a central feature of feminist epistemology and philosophy of science has been the attention they draw to the role of power dynamics within knowledge-seeking practices and the implications of these dynamics for our understandings of knowledge, science, and epistemology. "Feminist Epistemology and Philosophy of Science: Power in Knowledge" collects new works that address today's key challenges for a power-sensitive feminist approach to questions of knowledge and scientific practice. The essays build upon established work in feminist epistemology and philosophy of science, offering new developments in the fields, and representing the broad array of the feminist work now being done and the many ways in which feminists incorporate power dynamics into their analyses.
Powers of horror : an essay on abjection
The sage and the second sex : Confucianism, ethics, and gender
Reading art, reading Irigaray : the politics of art by women
A mind of one's own : feminist essays on reason and objectivity
Feminist philosophies : problems, theories, and applications
Julia Kristeva : speaking the unspeakable
Thinking fragments : psychoanalysis, feminism, and postmoderism in the contemporary West
Kristeva is one of the leading voices in contemporary French criticism, on a par with such names as Genette, Foucault, Greimas and others. Powers of Horror is an excellent introduction to an aspect of contemporary French literature which has been allowed to become somewhat neglected in the current emphasis on para-philosophical modes of discourse. The sections on Céline, for example, are indispensable reading for those interested in this writer and place him within a context that is both illuminating and of general interest.
Philosophy as Passion refutes the commonly held view of Simone de Beauvoir as no more than an acolyte of Jean-Paul Sartre. Karen Vintges delineates Beauvoir's independent, original ethics and philosophy, drawing on the moral-philosophical treatises of the 1940s and '50s, The Second Sex, The Mandarins, and her autobiographical works. Vintges shows that Beauvoir's unique notions added an ethical dimension to existentialist philosophy.
What is a woman? And what does it mean to be a feminist today? In her first full-scale engagement with feminist theory since her internationally renowned Sexual/Textual Politics (1985), Toril Moi challenges the dominant trends in contemporary feminist and cultural thought, arguing for a feminism of freedom inspired by Simone de Beauvoir's The Second Sex. Written in a clear and engaging style What is a Woman? brings together two brand new book-length theoretical interventions, Moi's work on Freud and Bourdieu, and her studies of desire and knowledge in literature. In the controversial title-essay, Toril Moi radically rethinks current debates about sex, gender, and the body - challenging the commonly held belief that the sex/gender distinction is fundamental to all feminist theory. Moi rejects every attempt to define masculinity and femininity, including efforts to define femininity as that which 'cannot be defined. In the second new book-length essay, 'I am a Woman', Toril Moi reworks the relationship between the personal and the philosophical, pursuing ways to write theory that do not neglect the claims of the personal. Setting up an encounter between contemporary theory and Simone de Beauvoir, Moi radically rethinks the need, and difficulty, of finding one's own philosophical voice by placing it in new theoretical contexts. A sustained refusal to lay down theoretical or political requirements for femininity, and a powerful argument for a feminism of freedom, What is a Woman? is a deeply original contribution to feminist theory.
The arguments in this book are informed at once by the moral-political implications of how knowledge is produced and circulated and by issues of gendered subjectivity. In their critical dimension, these lucid essays engage with the incapacity of the philosophical mainstream's dominant epistemologies to offer regulative principles that guide people in the epistemic projects that figure centrally in their lives. In its constructive dimension, Rhetorical Spaces focuses on developing productive, case-by-case analyses of knowing other people in situations where social-political inequalities create asymmetrical patterns of epistemic power and privilege.
Moral images of freedom : a future for critical theory
Sex, culture, and justice : the limits of choice
The kindness of God : metaphor, gender, and religious language
The Cambridge companion to Simone de Beauvoir
Feminist interpretations of Friedrich Nietzsche
Sexual solipsism : philosophical essays on pornography and objectification
Feminist engagements : reading, resisting, and revisioning male theorists in education and cultural studies
Feminisms and educational research
Differential aesthetics : art practices, philosophy and feminist understanding / edited by Penny Florence, Nicola Foster
Simone de Beauvoir's philosophy of age : gender, ethics, and time
The lonely mirror : Italian perspectives on feminist theory
Alice Jardine charts the territories and landscapes of contemporary French thought, focusing on such concepts as "woman" and "the feminine," and relating them to the problem of modernity. Interdisciplinary in her approach, she confronts and addresses important psychoanalytic, philosophical, and fictional texts that are largely the work of male writers.
Hipparchia's choice : an essay concerning women, philosophy, etc
Continental philosophy : a critical approach
Feminist interpretations of Benedict Spinoza
Feminism and philosophy of science : an introduction
White ink : interviews on sex, text, and politics
Whose science? Whose knowledge? : thinking of women's lives
Ecological thinking : the politics of epistemic location
Gender, class, and freedom in modern political theory
This landmark anthology is the first to engage critically the writings of Ayn Rand from feminist perspectives. The interdisciplinary feminist strategies of re-reading Rand range from the lightness of camp to the darkness of de Sade, from postandrogyny to poststructuralism. A highly charged dialogue on Rand's legacy provides the forum for a reexamination of feminism and its relationship to egoism, individualism, and capitalism. Rand's place in contemporary feminism is assessed through comparisons with other twentieth-century feminists, such as de Beauvoir, Wolf, Paglia, Eisler, and Gilligan. What results is as provocative in its implications for Rand's system as it is for feminism.
Deleuze and gender
The subject of Rosi Braidotti : politics and concepts
Rewriting difference : Luce Irigaray and "the Greeks"
The philosophy of Simone de Beauvoir : gendered phenomenologies, erotic generosities
Feminist epistemology and philosophy of science : power in knowledge
Psychoanalysis, aesthetics, and politics in the work of Kristeva
Philosophy as passion : the thinking of Simone de Beauvoir
The Hélène Cixous reader
Identities and freedom : feminist theory between power and connection
Luce Irigaray: Teaching explores ways to confront new issues in education. Three essays by Irigaray herself present the outcomes of her own experiments in this area and develop proposals for teaching people how to coexist in difference, reach self-affection, and rethink the relations between teachers and students. In the last few years, Irigaray has brought together young academics from various countries, universities and disciplines, all of whom were carrying out research into her work. These research students have received personal instruction from Irigaray and at the same time have learnt from one another by sharing with the group their own knowledge and experience. Most of the essays in this book are the result of this dynamic way of learning that fosters rigour in thinking as well as mutual respect for differences. The central themes of the volume focus on five cultural fields: methods of recovery from traumatic personal or cultural experience; the resources that arts offer for dwelling in oneself and with the other(s); the maternal order and feminine genealogy; creative interpretation and embodiment of the divine; and new perspectives in philosophy. This innovative collaborative project between Irigaray and researchers involved in the study of her work gives a unique insight into the topics that have occupied this influential international theorist over the last thirty years.
The nick of time : politics, evolution, and the untimely / Elizabeth Grosz
The contributors to this international volume take up questions about a phenomenology of time that begins with and attunes to gender issues. Themes such as feminist conceptions of time, change and becoming, the body and identity, memory and modes of experience, and the relevance of time as a moral and political question, shape Time in Feminist Phenomenology and allow readers to explore connections between feminist philosophy, phenomenology, and time. With its insistence on the importance of gender experience to the experience of time, this volume is a welcome opening to new and critical thinking about being, knowledge, aesthetics, and ethics.
Luce Irigaray : teaching
When IVF fails : feminism, infertility, and the negotiation of normality
Following Francois Laruelle's nonstandard philosophy and the work of Judith Butler, Drucilla Cornell, Luce Irigaray, and Rosi Braidotti, Katerina Kolozova reclaims the relevance of categories traditionally rendered "unthinkable" by postmodern feminist philosophies, such as "the real," "the one," "the limit," and "finality," thus critically repositioning poststructuralist feminist philosophy and gender/queer studies. Poststructuralist (feminist) theory sees the subject as a purely linguistic category, as always already multiple, as always already nonfixed and fluctuating, as limitless discursivity, and as constitutively detached from the instance of the real. This reconceptualization is based on the exclusion of and dichotomous opposition to notions of the real, the one (unity and continuity), and the stable. The non-philosophical reading of postructuralist philosophy engenders new forms of universalisms for global debate and action, expressed in a language the world can understand. It also liberates theory from ideological paralysis, recasting the real as an immediately experienced human condition determined by gender, race, and social and economic circumstance.
Feminist experiences : Foucauldian and phenomenological investigations
Derrida and the writing of the body
Feminist and queer legal theory : intimate encounters, uncomfortable conversations
Special issue : the philosophy of music
Nietzsche has the reputation of being a virulent misogynist, so why are feminists interested in his philosophy? The essays in this volume provide answers to this question from a variety of feminist perspectives. The organization of the volume into two sets of essays, "Nietzsche's Use of Woman" and "Feminists' Use of Nietzsche," reflects the two general approaches taken to the issue of Nietzsche and woman. First, many debates have focused on how to interpret Nietzsche's remarks about women and femininity. Are all of Nietzsche's comments to be read literally, or is he being ironic, perhaps even parodying and subverting stereotypes about women? Second, is his philosophy useful to feminist theory? Can we separate his philosophy from his seemingly derogatory remarks about women? Can feminists use his criticisms of truth, objectivity, reason, and the autonomous subject to challenge the exclusion of women from the history of philosophy? Some view his critiques of dualism and essentialism as well as his perspectivism and social constructivism as adumbrating later feminist positions. Others find troubling his privileging of masculinity and paradigms of domination; they see Nietzsche's sexual dualism as countering otherwise transgressive themes.
Hélène Cixous & the theatre : the scene of writing
Feminist interpretations of Jean-Paul Sartre
Feminist metaphysics : explorations in the ontology of sex, gender and the self
Luce Irigaray's phenomenology of feminine being
Rhetorical spaces : essays on gendered locations
The Second Wave collects many of the major essays of feminist theory of the past forty years, essays by the figures who have made key contributions to feminist theory during this period and have generated extensive discussion. Organized historically, these essays provide a sense of the major turning points in feminist theory. Contributors include: Norma Alarcon, Linda Alcoff, Michele Barrett, Elsa Barkley Brown, Judith Butler, Nancy Chodorow, Patricia Hill Collins, Simone de Beauvoir, Shulamith Firestone, Nancy Fraser, Carol Gilligan, Heidi Hartmann, Nancy C. M. Hartsock, Luce Irigaray, Catharine MacKinnon, Uma Narayan, Linda Nicholson, Ellen Rooney, Gayle Rubin, Gayatri Spivak, Wendy W. Williams and Monique Wittig.
life.after.theory
Psychoanalysis, historiography, and feminist theory : the search for critical method
Since her death in 1986 and the publication of her letters and diaries in 1990, interest in the philosophy of Simone de Beauvoir has never been greater. In this engaging and timely volume, Margaret A. Simons and an international group of philosophers present 16 essays that reveal Beauvoir as one of the century's most important and influential thinkers. As they set Beauvoir's work into dialogue with Husserl, Merleau-Ponty, Heidegger, Foucault, Levinas, and others, these essays consider questions such as Beauvoir's philosophical relationship with Sartre; her ethic of the erotic; her views on marriage, motherhood, and female friendship; and her interpretations of oppression and liberation. This book discusses the full range of Beauvoir's work, including The Second Sex, her unpublished diaries, autobiographical writings, novels, and philosophical essays, and broadens the scope and interpretive context of her unique philosophy.
Life after theory
Cut of the real : subjectivity in poststructuralist philosophy
Constituting feminist subjects
Acknowledged as one of the most influential thinkers of modern times, an understanding of Judith Butler's work is ever more essential to an understanding of not just the landscape of cultural and critical theory, but of the world around us. Understanding Judith Butler, however, can be perceived as a complex and difficult undertaking. It needn't be. Using contemporary and topical examples from the media, popular culture and everyday life, this lively and accessible introduction shows how the issues, concepts, and theories in Butler's work function as socio-cultural practices. Giving due consideration to Butler's earlier and most recent work, and showing how her ideas on subjectivity, gender, sexuality and language overlap and interrelate, this book gives a better understanding not only of Butler's work, but of its applications to modern-day social and cultural practices and contexts.
In other worlds : essays in cultural politics
Aesthetics : critical concepts in philosophy. Vol. 3, Issues and challenges
Hegel's philosophy and feminist thought : beyond Antigone?
The philosophy of Simone de Beauvoir : critical essays
In this brief and powerful book, Diana Fuss takes on the debate of pure essence versus social construct, engaging with the work of Luce Irigaray and Monique Wittig, Henry Louis Gates, Jr. and Houston Baker, and with the politics of gay identity.
Julia Kristeva : art, love, melancholy, philosophy, semiotics and psychoanalysis
Autonomy, oppression, and gender
Feminist Experiences develops and defends a distinctive understanding of feminist philosophy as social critique. Feminist philosophy is essentially a political endeavor, Johanna Oksala argues, aiming to expose, analyze, and ultimately change gendered power relations. However, such an understanding of feminist philosophy raises a host of theoretical problems and paradoxes. Oksala investigates the philosophical challenges and outlines the ontological presuppositions and methodological innovations the project requires. Drawing on conceptual tools from the thought of Michel Foucault, but also from the tradition of phenomenology, she explores the role of experience in feminist philosophy and its relationship to language and linguistic meaning. Oksala concludes by sketching a feminist ontology of the present through a critical investigation of neoliberalism and the challenges it presents to feminist theory and politics.
Neurofeminism : issues at the intersection of feminist theory and cognitive science
Dorothy Smith is considered one of the most original sociologists and theorists of our time, and her writings have attracted much attention in Europe and the US as well as in Canada. This collection of original essays, written by scholars who worked or studied with Smith, exemplifies Smith's approach to social analysis. Each author takes an empirical approach. Some analyse texts (the maps and documents of land-use planning, photographs, an influential history of British India, reports of a task force on battered women); some draw on interviews (with clerical workers, with Japanese corporate wives), while others (an AIDS activist, a teacher of adult literacy, a social worker) reflect on personal experiences. In each case we are introduced to specific themes in Smith's approach. The essays put Smith's method to work in diverse ways and in the process offer intriguing insights into their topics. This tribute to Smith's empowering contribution as a thinker and teacher reveals how empirical studies can illuminate concepts usually presented in the abstract. As the first compilation of applications of Smith's methodology, this is a landmark work in the developing field of the social organization of knowledge.
Unlike other philosophers whose work can be applied to questions of sex and gender, Deleuze's philosophy was motivated by the problem of desire and difference. Over the last three decades, feminist theory, gender theory and queer theory have been revolutionised and rejuvenated by Deleuze's provocation to consider sexual difference beyond the paradigm of the Oedipal family and Western humanism. In this volume, a series of prominent critical theorists extend Deleuze's already radical philosophy into ideas of the post-human, truth, reading, sexual difference and gender politics. Moving beyond the tired debates surrounding sex, gender and representation, these essays consider difference positively and provocatively, opening up new directions for the study of sexuality.
French Feminist Theory offers an introduction to the key concepts and themes in French feminist thought, both the materialist and the linguistic/psychoanalytic traditions. These are explored through the work of a wide range of theorists. The book outlines the philosophical and political diversity of French feminism, setting developments in the field in the particular cultural and social contexts in which they have emerged and unfolded. The principal areas covered are: ongoing debates on the cultural construction and definition of sexual and gendered idenities; the relationship between subjectivity and language; the roles played by both private and public institutions in the shaping of sexual relations; the issue of embodiment; and the relationship between gender, sexuality and race. Finally, the book traces the connections between French and Anglo-American feminist approaches and methodologies.
Feminism and traditional aesthetics
Relating narratives : storytelling and selfhood
One of the most original thinkers of the twentieth century, Julia Kristeva has been driving forward the fields of literary and cultural studies since the 1960s. McAfee provides clear explanations of the more difficult aspects of Kristeva's theories, helpfully placing her ideas in the relevant theoretical context, be it literary theory, psychoanalysis, linguistics, gender studies or philosophy, and demonstrates the impact of her critical interventions in these areas. Julia Kristeva is the essential guide for readers who are approaching the work of this challenging thinker for the first time, and provides the ideal opportunity for those with more knowledge to re-familiarise themselves with Kristeva's key terms.
A critique of postcolonial reason : toward a history of the vanishing present
Queer theory
Contemporary critical theory
Historicizing as a feminist practice : the places of history in Judith Butler's constructivist theories
Essentially speaking : feminism, nature & difference
This is the first truly representative collection of texts by Hélène Cixous. The substantial pieces range broadly across her entire oeuvre, and include essays, works of fiction, lectures and drama. Arranged helpfully in chronological order, the extracts span twenty years of intellectual thought and demonstrate clearly the development of one of the most creative and brilliant minds of the twentieth century. With a foreword by Jacques Derrida, a preface by Cixous herself, and first-class editorial material by Susan Sellers, The Hélène Cixous Reader is destined to become a key text of feminist writing.
This anthology of 40 readings combines both an extensive discussion of the major problems confronting women with an in-depth analysis of the alternative theoretical and practical means for resolving these issues. Covering a broad range of concerns, this book also proposes the means for addressing these concerns. It includes race-based critiques as a means of promoting a truly multicultural feminism. It also provides suggestions on further reading in each section. The second edition of Feminist Philosophy has been revised to include updated readings covering issues such as date rape , sexual harassment, and new reproductive technologies. Adds new sections on Cultural Feminism and Ecological Feminism as well as more accessible sections on Liberal Feminism and Marxist/Socialist Feminism. Incorporates a Cultural Invisibility section critiquing contemporary culture. Finally, addresses men's responses to feminism and related men's movements as a means of promoting gender-inclusive feminism. An essential resource for every reader interested in this perspective of the relationship between women and men.
Issues surrounding birth and death have been fundamental for Western philosophy as well as for individual existence. The contributors to this volume unravel the gendered aspects of the classical philosophical discourses on death, bringing in discussions about birth, creativity, and the entire chain of human activity. By linking their work to major thinkers such as Heidegger, Nietzsche, Beauvoir, and Arendt, and to major philosophical currents such as ancient philosophy, existentialism, phenomenology, and social and political philosophy, they challenge prevailing feminist articulations of birth and death. These philosophical reflections add an important sexual dimension to current thinking on identity, temporality, and community.
The Blackwell guide to feminist philosophy
Queer Theory is one of the most contested and intellectually complex movements in contemporary sexual politics. Where did it come from, and what does it do? Is queer theory only for queers? If you have ever wanted to be a leather daddy, been puzzled by performativity, tried to measure bisexuality, or wondered whether Diana, Princess of Wales could be a gay icon, Queer Theory is required reading. This vibrant anthology of groundbreaking work by influential scholars, activists, performers, and visual artists is essential for anyone with an interest in sexuality studies or gender activism. The fifteen articles - including two specially commissioned contributions, as well as an engaging introduction - map, contextualise, and challenge queer theory's project both within and beyond the academy. Helpful critical summaries that link the selections, and suggestions for further reading, make this volume perfect for anyone approaching queer theory for the first time.
The second wave : a reader in feminist theory
Michel Foucault refers to 1965-1970 as, in philosophical terms, 'the five brief, impassioned, jubilant, enigmatic years'. This book reinterprets Jacques Derrida's work from this period, most especially in L'Écriture et la Différence (Writing and Difference), and argues that a transformation takes place here which has been marginalized in readings of his work to date. Irwin follows with a look at how the 'grammatological opening' becomes crucial for Derrida's work in the 1970s and beyond, incorporating one of his last readings of embodiment from 2000. By drawing our attention to the politics of desire and sexuality, this groundbreaking book engages with the work of key continental theorists, including Artaud, Bataille, Nietzsche, Heidegger, Habermas and Cixous, whilst also examining Derrida's relationship with Plato and feminist theory. It will appeal to a wide range of readers within the social sciences and philosophy, particularly those with interests in gender and sexuality, social theory, continental thought, queer studies and literary theory.
Moral Images of Freedom resurrects the Kantian project of affirmative political philosophy and traces its oft-forgotten influences found in thinkers such as Martin Heidegger, Ernst Cassirer, Frantz Fanon, and Walter Benjamin. Drucilla Cornell responds to nihilistic claims about the empty purpose of critical theory in a world so utterly captured by violence in all of its worst forms: economic, social, political, and cultural. Cornell instead draws together a sweeping thread of hope in the varied symbolic forms of freedom persistent throughout the work of a broader range of critical theorists and addresses the burning challenge for such work to respond seriously to the need for a decolonization of critical theory itself and a sustained commitment to the possible future of socialism.
Nothing mat(t)ers : a feminist critique of postmodernism
This a broad-ranging anthology of critical essays spanning the last ten years, drawn from literature, linguistics, semiotics, history, psychoanalysis and philosophy. Contributing to a dialogue with Anglo-American and French theorists, this collection sets out to contextualize Italian feminist theory within the international debate. The essays illuminate the specific character of Italian feminism as a political and intellectual movement, and draw out comparisons with the more institutionalized nature of women's studies in the United States and Britain. It aims to be of interest to both general and academic readers wishing to explore developments in European feminism.
Divine flesh, embodied word : incarnation as a hermeneutical key to a feminist theologian's reading of Luce Irigaray's work
A reader's guide to contemporary literary theory
French feminist theory : an introduction
Foucault, politics, and violence
Heidegger, Levinas and the feminine
