http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22813 comic strips
comic strips
Comic art now : the very best in contemporary comic art and illustration
The complete peanuts. 1957 to 1958
Young Lovecraft
Drawing words & writing pictures : making comics : manga, graphic novels, and beyond
The best of Matt 2014
A.L.I.E.E.E.N. : archives of lost issues and earthly editions of extraterrestrial novelties
Eat, cry, poop
The language of comics : word and image
"Universally acclaimed as the most stunningly gorgeous adventure comic strip of all time, Prince Valiant ran for 35 years under the virtuoso pen of its creator, Hal Foster. (Such was its popularity that today, decades after Foster's death, it continues to run under different hands.) The giant Sunday-funnies pages (Valiant ran only on Sundays) gave Foster a huge canvas upon which he was able to limn epic swordfights, stunning scenes of pomp and pageantry, and some of the most beautiful human beings-- male and female-- ever to appear in comics. And he matched his nonpareil visual sense with the narrative instincts of a born storyteller, propelling his daring young hero from one crisis to another with barely a panel to catch one's breath. Prince Valiant has previously been widely available only in re-colored, somewhat degraded editions (now out of print and fetching collectors' prices). Thanks to advances in production technology and newly available original proof sheets, this new series from the industry leader in quality strip classics is the first to feature superb restored artwork that captures every delicate line and chromatic nuance of Foster's original masterpiece. Comic strip aficionados will be ecstatic, and younger readers who enjoy a classic adventure yarn will be bowled over" -- from publisher's web site.
The complete peanuts. 1973 to 1974
This book contains graphic language : comics as literature
The James Bond omnibus. Vol. 002
The complete peanuts. 1997 to 1998
The prisoner syndrome
The natural disorder of things
The complete Jack survives
Jeremy and mom : a Zits retrospective you should definitely buy for your mom
Ambushed! : in the family room
Dread & suoerficiaality : Woody Allen as comic strip
Hägar the Horrible : the epic chronicles : dailies 1974 to 1975
Unshelved. volume 1
The American comic strip
Autobiographical comics : life writing in pictures
The complete peanuts. 1991 to 1992
The complete peanuts. 1979 to 1980
Read responsibly : An Unshelved collection
Library mascot cage match : An Unshelved collection
What would Dewey do? : An Unshelved collection
We were here first : Baby Blues looks at couplehood with kids
Reader's advisory : An Unshelved collection
The complete peanuts. 1969 to 1970
The complete peanuts. 1965 to 1966
Komiks : comic art in Russia
The science of superheroes
The Perry bible fellowship almanack
Book club : An Unshelved collection
Liō : happiness is a squishy cephalopod : a Mark Tatulli comic
The James Bond omnibus. Volume 005
The complete Peanuts. 1950 to 1952
What would Dewey do? : an unshelved collection
A course on comic creation--for college classes or for independent study--that centers on storytelling and concludes with making a finished comic. With chapters on lettering, story structure, and panel layout, the fifteen lessons offered--each complete with homework, extra-credit activities and supplementary reading suggestions--provide a solid introduction for people interested in making their own comics. Additional resources, lessons, and after-class help are available on the accompanying website, http://www.dw-wp.com. --From publisher description.
"This book presents a collection of key theoretical texts on comics, spanning a period from the 1960s to the 2010s, written in French and never before translated into English. The publication brings a distinctive set of authors together uniting theoretical scholars, artists, journalists, and comics critics. Readers will gain access to important debates that have taken place among major French-language comics scholars, including Thierry Groensteen, Benoît Peeters, Jan Baetens, and Pierre Fresnault-Deruelle, over the past fifty years. The collection covers a broad range of approaches to the medium, including historical, formal, sociological, philosophical, and psychoanalytic. A general introduction provides an overall context, and, in addition, each of the five thematic sections is prefaced by a brief summary of each text and an explanation of how they have influenced later work. The translations are faithful to the originals while reading clearly in English, and, where necessary, cultural references are clarified."--Provided by publisher.
Reaching out through comics : co-creating comics for environmental education
The complete peanuts. 1963 to 1964
Themes and issues in Asian cartooning : cute, cheap, mad, and sexy
1001 comics you must read before you die
Making comics : storytelling secrets of comics, manga and graphic novels
You're all just jealous of my jetpack
The complete peanuts. 1977 to 1978
The complete Peanuts. 1953 to 1954
Scribbles at an exhibition
Johnny Lizard in "another"
The complete peanuts. 1981 to 1982
My space
Milton Caniff's male call : the complete newspaper strips: 1942-1946 starring miss lace
Frequently asked questions : An Unshelved collection
My bad : a Zits treasury
Large print : An Unshelved collection
The French comics theory reader
The complete peanuts. 1971 to 1972
Night shift
Johnny Lizard in space
The comics : the complete collection
Three trees make a forest
The complete peanuts. 1987 to 1988
The James Bond omnibus. Volume 003
The day phonics kicked in : Baby Blues goes back to school : selected cartoons
The complete peanuts. 1993 to 1994
The practical encyclopedia of cartooning
The far side gallery [1]
The comics of Joe Sacco : journalism in a visual world
The complete peanuts. 1983 to 1984
Murphy's rules
Dr Do-Little and the African potato : cartoons from Sowetan, Mail & Guardian and Sunday Times
The Bakers : do these toys belong somewhere?
Belzebubs : to hell and back again
The complete peanuts. 1955 to 1956
Triple shot, double-pump, no whip : a Zits treasury
Garfield : bigger and better
The curse of the umbrella
The complete peanuts. 1967 to 1968
Reading bande dessinée : critical approaches to French-langue comic strip
The trial of Colonel Sweeto and other stories : a collection of the comic strips of The Perry Bible Fellowship
Unshelved
The essential guide to world comics
McSweeney's quarterly concern : issue number 13 : an assorted sampler of North American comic drawings, strips, and illustrated stories, etc
The fate of the artist : an autobiographical novel, with typographical anomalies, in which the author does not appear as himself
The complete peanuts. 1999 to 2000
Celebrating peanuts
