http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22878 marine animals
marine animals marine fauna
Polar law textbook 2
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 25
Seas and oceans
Amazing ocean : shot in 3D
Under the sea
Ocean of life : how our seas are changing
Seagrass meadows : flowering plants in the Mediterranean Sea
199 sea creatures can be found in this extraordinary picture word book fitted into a neat and practical size.
Global sea life : structures and expressions
Abstract.
Taxonomic atlas of the benthic fauna of the Santa Maria Basin and Western Santa Barbara Channel : the Bryozoa
An introduction to the biology of marine life
Detecting Seasonal Changes in Benthic Fauna Composition Between Hanko and Tammisaari in the Baltic Sea
Marine animal-sediment interactions : effects of hypoxia and manganese on the benthic crustacean, Nephrops norvegicus (L.)
Life in the oceans
The OIE Global Conference on Aquatic Animal Health, Bergen, Norway, 9-12 October 2006
The most amazing creature in the sea
The oceans : a celebration
Sinai diving guide. Volume 1 : Tiran - Sharm el-Sheikh - Ras Mohammed - Gubal - Dahab
Atlas siedlisk dna polskich obszarów morskich : waloryzacja przyrodnicza siedlisk morskich = Atlas of polish marine area bottom habitats : environmental valorization of marine habitats
Report of the thirteenth session of the Scientific Advisory Committee : Marseille, France, 7-11 February 2011 = Rapport de la treizième session du Comité scientifique consultatif : Marseille, France, 7-11 février 2011
Phylogeography of amphi-boreal marine fauna
A nautical compendium covers a wide range of topics from ships, maritime slang, and famous naval battles to villains of the high seas and remarkable sea creatures.
Ocean counting : odd numbers
Ocean giants
Marine animals
Sharks and other sea creatures
"This book represents the Proceedings of the 37th European Marine Biology Symposium, held in Reykjavík, Iceland, 5-9 August 2002. The main themes of the symposium were Migrations and Dispersal of Marine Organisms. These themes are highly relevant today. There is widespread man-aided dispersal (e.g. by ballast water) of marine plants and animals, which may have substantial effects on the regions receiving new species. The new introductions may result in reduced diversity of plants and animals and may affect natural resources in the countries receiving toxic algae and other foreign elements. Studies of changes in distribution and dispersal of marine animals and plants are also highly relevant with reference to the changing climate taking place. The study of dispersal has recently gained new impetus with the discovery of the remarkable communities found on isolated hydrothermal vents and cold water seeps in the world's oceans." -- (julkaisija)
Ocean : a photicular book
Arsenic in geosphere and human diseases : As 2010 : 3rd International Congress: Arsenic in the Environment, National Cheng Kung University (NCKU), Tainan, Taiwan, 17-21 May 2010
Fascination coral reef 3D
Amazing animals ; ocean odyssey
Ocean : a children's encyclopedia
Commotion in the ocean
Magic of the big blue : secrets of the oceans
Marine mammals in the Bellsund - Van Mijenfjorden - Van Keulenfjorden area : new investigations and status of knowledge
Marine bioconstructions : nature's architectural seascapes
Oceans & Extreme earth : fun, facts and stories with a Ripley twist!
Field identification guide to the living marine resources of the Eastern and Southern Mediterranean
Report of the Second FAO Ad Hoc Expert Advisory Panel for the Assessment of Proposals to Amend Appendices I and II of CITES Concerning Commercially-exploited Aquatic Species : Rome, 26-30 March 2007.
In Oceanos, play as expedition captain and plunge into the ocean depths aboard your submarine. Collect surprising animal species, discover the biggest coral reefs, and gather forgotten treasure with the help of your scuba divers. Don't forget to upgrade your submarine during the trip if you want to take all of your discoveries back to shore. Most importantly, beware the Kraken's curse!
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 27
Do whales get the bends? : answers to 118 fascinating questions about the sea
Diseases of marine animals. Vol. 1, General aspects, protozoa to gastropoda
Splendors of the seas : the photographs of Norbert Wu
Sublethal effects of natural chronic exposure to petroleum in the marine environment
The pelagic domain : Pelagos: the whale sanctuary
Ocean drifters
Beachcombers, landlubbers and able seemen : effects of marine subsidies on roles of arthropod predators in coastal food webs
I wonder why whales sing and other questions about sea life
Ocean venom : octopus, jellyfish, sea wasps etc
Topsy turvy ocean
Migrations and dispersal of marine organisms : proceedings of the 37th European Marine Biology Symposium held in Reykjavik, Iceland, 5-9 August 2002
See under the sea
Marine harpaticoids and cyclopoids from the shores of the St. Lawrence
Breverton's nautical curiosities : a book of the sea
The ocean and its inhabitants with there uses to man
Fifteenth international symposium on pollutant responses in marine organisms (PRIMO 15)
Blood cells of marine invertebrates : experimental systems in cell biology and comparative physiology
Handbook on the common marine isopod Crustacea of Georgia
The deep dark sea
The living marine resources of the western central Atlantic. Volumes 1-3
Assessment of the status of the zoobenthos in the coastal waters of western Uusimaa, S Finland – a tool for management
The crinoids of the Indian Ocean
XOC : the journey of a great white
An account of the alcyonarians collected by the Royal Indian Marine Survey ship Investigator in the Indian Ocean. 1, The alcyonarians of the deep sea
The pout-pout fish
FAO species identification sheets for fishery purposes : Southern Ocean : fishing areas 48, 58 and 88 : CCAMLR Convention Area. Volume 2
Blue mussel beds as biodiversity hotspots on the rocky shores of the northern Baltic Sea
Blue hope : exploring and caring for earth's magnificent ocean
Variation in developmental mode and its effects on divergence and maintenance of populations
Importance of blue mussels for biodiversity and ecosystem functioning in subtidal habitats
Great barrier reef : a portait of a biological miracle
Chronobiology of marine organisms
Ocean : the world's last wilderness revealed
The living marine resources of the western central Pacific. Volumes 1-6
Myodocopid Ostracoda (Halocypridina, Cladocopina) from anchialine caves in the Bahamas, Canary Islands, and Mexico
TOP dive sites of the world
199 things under the sea
Always remember
Water sings blue : ocean poems
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 26, Deep water Pyramidelloidea of the Tropical South Pacific : Turbonilla and related genera
Conserving marine environments : out of sight, out of mind
Marine animals book
When Old Turtle dies and is taken back by the sea, his friends remember that he was a wonderful teacher and friend who made his world a better place.
The deep : the extraordinary creatures of the abyss
Trophic ecology of meiofauna : response to sedimentation of phytoplankton blooms in the Baltic Sea
Supershark and other creatures of the deep
