http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22899 punctuality
punctuality promptness
An exact management method for demand driven, industrial operations
"This book depicts the world's national and ethnic cultures in an unprecedented way. It is based on analyses of all publicly available large databases tha provide cultural indicators about modern nations .... The author explains some of the main cultural differences between modern nations and ethnic groups across the globe. The readers will understand why human societies differ on many important indicators and what culture has to do with these: speed of economic development; happiness, tolerance of diversity; religiousness, national pride, educational achievement, difficult integration of immigrants, suicides rates, gender equality, violent crime, competition for women and sexual norms, adolescent fertility and HIV rates, corruption, rule of law, road death tolls, [and] punctuality."--P. [4] of cover.
Cultural differences in a globalizing world
Accuracy of deliveries in purchasing process : case: Metso Minerals Inc
In Metso Minerals Inc reliable material flow is extremely important as most of the manufacturing except the end assembly is outsourced. The level of supplier's delivery reliability levels were quite far from the desired level therefore evaluation of current processes was required. Focus in the thesis was more on purchasing related processes. As research methods nine months observation time was utilized and interviews for three suppliers and Operative Purchasing team were conducted. In addition significant amount of reporting tools and already existing data were available. The operations under close analysis were SAP parameters, order confirmations, logistics and warehousing, supplier management and resources effecting to accuracy of deliveries. After evaluation it was brought out that SAP parameter updating was influenced by lot of variations and together used methods were lacking. Order confirming was under lot of interpretation and systems related to it were not functioning the best possible way, having possibility of effecting accuracy of deliveries negatively. Impact of logistics and warehousing were not significant, but also some minor process details exposed for errors, worth mentioning ship dates and times in SAP. Main reasons for delays of supplier were rush orders and exceeding of their capacity. Smaller concerns were seen as transporting and order handling of small and cheap items and batch sizes of those. It was revealed by purchasing that on the other hand supplier's lack of communication and informing hence order updating is SAP has turned into problem. Major issues for purchasing concerning accuracy of deliveries were lack of time to support suppliers and systems not functioning properly. As a result handbook for purchasing was suggested in order to achieve efficient working, enquiry for order confirmation habits was created, instructions for goods receipt at third party was provided, valid SAP information concerning orders and parameters was highlighted and corrective actions suggested to be taken into action as soon as possible, in addition it was recommended that system and data error should be investigated. The-sis contains confidential information for the case company.
Sync your relationship, save your marriage : four steps to getting back on track
