http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22840 turnover (replacement)
turnover (replacement)
Empirical studies on labour demand, wages and job displacements
Love 'em or lose 'em : getting good people to stay
Worker inflow, outflow and churning
Working in Silicon Valley : economic and legal analysis of a high-velocity labor market
The major asset of a hospitality company is its staff. Companies want to hold on to their good employees. Staff turnover is the movement of people out of the company. The thesis aims to find how the managers view staff turnover today, how organisations calculate staff turnover, measure it and manage staff turnover. Furthermore, the thesis aims to find what costs staff turnover causes for the company. The thesis consists of theoretical background about human resource management and staff turnover. The empirical part was done with a questionnaire based on the theoretical part. Ten managers in Finland's capital region's Scandic hotels were interviewed in January 2002. The interview was done in the hotel the manager was working in and each manager was in control of his department's human resource management. The major findings of the study were that human resource management is highly valued in among the respondents. The major reasons for staff turnover among employees were lack of advancement opportunities, inadequate pay and leaving to continue education. Staff turnover was seen to cause costs in training, lower service level and customer satisfaction. On the other hand, staff turnover was seen to bring new ideas to the company. Staff turnover is managed with normal human resource management methods, with the most important being career planning, performance appraisal, competitive wages and employee training.
Unravelling the mystery of regional unemployment in Finland
The turnover of jobs and workers in a deep recession : evidence from the Finnish business sector
Employee mobility as a managerial tool : the case for an active perspective
Regional disparities in gross job and worker flows in Finland
A study on high employee turnover in medical transcription business in Nepal
Advances in hospitality and leisure
Labour market adjustments in Europe
Motivational strategies for improving performance and productivity in the micro-finance banking sector
Unobserved human capital and firm-size premium
THE EFFECTS OF AN INCENTIVE MECHANISM ON BRAIN DRAIN IN THE HOTEL INDUSTRY
Labour force response to technological change : an analysis of Finnish manufacturing in 1980-1994
Achieving sustainable competitive advantage through employee loyalty
Young registered nurses' intent to leave the profession in Finland : a mixed-method study
Labour market dynamics in the Russian Federation
Transferability of human capital and job switches
Employee turnover from hotel management perspective in Helsinki
How does employer branding increase employee retention?
A study on gross job flows of SMEs in Finland : the importance of employees' characteristics
Merchants of labour
How to Reduce Attrition in Company X?
Labor flows in the corporate context : a case study of the managerial use of human resources and employee mobility
Founder turnover in venture capital backed start-up companies
"The hospitality and tourism sector is a large and rapidly expanding industry worldwide, and can rightfully be described as a vehicle of globalisation. Hotels are among the cornerstones of the industry often drawing workers from the most vulnerable segments of multicultural labour markets, accommodating and entertaining tourists and business travellers from around the world. This book explores the organisation of work, worker identities and worker strategies in hotel workplaces, as they are located in heterogeneous labour markets being changed by processes of globalisation. It uses an explicitly geographical approach to understand how different groups of workers experience and respond to challenges in the hospitality industry, and is based on recent theoretical debates and empirical research on hotel workplaces in cities as different as Oslo, Goa, London, Las Vegas and Toronto. A multi-scalar analysis is taken where concrete worker bodies and their physical, emotional and embodied labour are seen in relation to, among other aspects: the regulation of national and regional labour markets, city governments with global city ambitions, and global corporate actors and labour migration patterns. The book sheds light on the hotel workplace as a hierarchical and fragmented social space as well as addressing questions on worker mobility, the fragmentation of work, scales of organisation and how workers can help shape the regulation of their industry. This timely volume brings together contributions from international academics and is valuable reading for all those interested in hospitality, tourism, human geography and globalisation"--
Managing employee retention : a strategic accountability approach
Councillor turnover in local elections - a result of voters' rational choice?
Global "body shopping" : an Indian labor labor system in the information technology industry
From turnover to teamwork : how to build and retain a customer-oriented foodservice staff
Perceptions on labour turnover : a case study of hotels in Helsinki
The turnover of jobs and workers in Finland
Technological improvement and changes in the global economy are increasing the geographically distributed work in different work areas. Work is coming out of the cubicles to different locations without borders and is depending more on information technology to enable its coordination. Success of distributed work is revealed as working force becomes flexible, innovative, and highly productive. This thesis investigates the coordination of distributed work and how ICT has been developed to improve the efficiency of work from different locations. It also provides new perspectives on current researches and highlights the key issues that require further investigation. How collaboration has progressed from physical to virtual setting is explained by using available literature. It also provides suggestions for betterment of distributed work implementation. The goal is to develop deeper understanding of changing work environment, and role of information communication technology in distributed work. This thesis takes a multidisciplinary approach to study distributed work and organizations, challenges existing in distributed work, and ways to make distributed work more effective. Moreover, this thesis emphasizes on theories of overcoming challenges and finds solutions which are obstacles for its success. It also highlights the increasing demand of knowledge workers, and ways how to create knowledge, share knowledge and use the knowledge for the future. All in all, distributed work is explained as a work style exercising new ways of managing organizations by integrating capabilities, skills, knowledge, and competency of working force. It concludes by offering possible solutions for the problems that could be faced on implementing distributed work.
Skill distribution of recruits in Finnish industry
Needed a reorientation in labour turnover research
The relationship between organizational justice and turnover intention in the voluntery sector
Job satisfaction and organisational commitment of hired workforce in restaurant X : - a case study
Staying well in an unstable world of work : prospective cohort study of the determinants of employee well-being
Non-wage benefits, costs of turnover and labor attachment : evidence from Russian firms
Oil extraction in extreme remoteness : the organisation of work and long-distance commuting in Russia's northern resource peripheries
The changing work environment and role of ICT in distributed work
The creation and analysis of employer-employee matched data
As the relevance of human resources in organisations is widely acknowledged, job satisfaction and commitment are essential issues for managers to consider. Job satisfaction of the employees is important to improve performance. It is also beneficial for managers to retain the valuable employees in the company. Literature review covers our main topics-job satisfaction and organisational commitment. Also, labour turnover and retention will be discussed in theory due to their relevance to the main topics.  The main aim of this research is to pinpoint the elements of satisfaction and dissatisfaction of hired work force and to assess the level of their commitment to their work and restaurant X.   The empirical part of this thesis was of qualitative nature and was conducted by interviewing six hired employees of Restaurant X by asking open-ended questions with a semi-structured question basis. Interviews were conducted over a six-week period during November and December 2005. One of the authors is employed by Restaurant X so her observations were used as the secondary research method. The interview material was analysed by dividing data into categories and diving each category further based on the material. Finally, conclusions were made about the job satisfaction and commitment of the hired workforce of Restaurant X.  The research results suggest that the job satisfaction of the hired work force in restaurant X is fairly high. Main issues of job satisfaction were variety of work and a good social atmosphere. Issues that were causing dissatisfaction were to do with orientation and lack of clarity in tasks or positions.
A hospitable world? : organising work and workers in hotels and tourist resorts
Competing for global talent
Staff turnover : reasons, measurement and management in Finland's capital region Scandic Hotels in 2002
