http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22814 subarctic zone
subarctic zone
On the problem of subarctic basidiolichens: Osa 1
Responses of non-methane biogenic volatile organic compound emissions to climate change in boreal and subarctic ecosystems
Research and management of the northern timberline region : proceedings of the Gustav Sirén symposium in Wilderness Center Inari, September 4.-5.1997
Kevo subarctic research institute
Land-atmosphere interactions of a subarctic palsa mire
Fusing pollen-stratigraphic and dendroclimatic proxy data to reconstruct summer temperature variability during the past 7.5 ka in subarctic Fennoscandia
Excess and deficiency of trace elements in relation to human and animal health in Arctic and Subarctic regions
Distribution of non-biting midges (Diptera, Chironomidae) in subarctic lakes of Finnish Lapland : applications in lake classification and palaeolimnology
Seasonality of bacterioplankton in subarctic ponds above and below treeline
Summary: Preliminary research has been done on the group Basidiolichenes in Finland, especially in Inari Lapland. Attention has been mainly paid to Agaricolichenes: to the "double organisms" Botrydina vulgaris Bréb. and Coriscium viride (Ach.) Vain. formed by Omphalina-species and Coccomyxa-algae.
Sustainable development in northern timberline forests : proceedings of the Timberline workshop, May 10-11, 1998 in Whitehorse, Canada
Carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide balance of subarctic tundra from plot to regional scales
The resilience of understorey vegetation and soil to increasing nitrogen and disturbances in boreal forests and the subarctic ecosystem
Environmental and socio-economic comparisons of subarctic regions : (Fenno-Scandia and Ungava-Labrador)
New perspectives on climate, Earth surface processes and thermal hydrological conditions in high-latitude systems
Ecology of a subarctic mire
Animal activity patterns under subarctic conditions
Carbon control of bacterioplankton in subarctic lakes and ponds
National parks and nature reserves in subarctic regions
Climate change impacts on sub-arctic palsa mires and greenhouse gas feedbacks : proceedings of the PALSALARM symposium, Abisko, Sweden 28-30 October 2008
Ecology of the subarctic regions : proceedings of the Helsinki symposium = Écologie des régions subarctiques : actes du colloque d'Helsinki
The influence of Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) (Lep., Geometridae) on the timber-line in subarctic conditions
Plant ecology in the subarctic Swedish Lapland
The variable position of Arctic charr (Salvelinus alpinus (L.)) in subarctic lake food webs
Characteristics of the seedling flora in alpine vegetation, subarctic Finland. 2, Floristic similarity between seedling flora and mature vegetation
Carbon dioxide exchange in subarctic ecosystems measured by a micrometeorological technique
The population of the arctic, subarctic, and boreal regions
Environmental factors affecting the occurrence of periglacial landforms in Finnish Lapland : a numerical approach
Forests and forestry in subarctic conditions
Temperature sum as a restricting factor in the development of forest in Subarctic
On the study of the ecology of subarctic vegetation
Landscape mosaic in the treeline ecotone on Mt Rodjanoaivi, Subarctic Finland
Climate change and its warming effects on vegetation and soils are a widely recognized phenomenon. In addition to warming, the understorey vegetation in northern environments has been subjected to several environmental changes, such as increasing nitrogen (N) and other disturbances. This thesis examines the effects of N-fertilization and disturbances on the vegetation biomass and abundance, plant community composition and plant, soil and microbial N and C pools. Seedling establishment of the most common dwarf shrubs (deciduous Vaccinium myrtillus, evergreens V. vitis-idaea and Empetrum nigrum ssp. hermaphroditum) was investigated after artificial disturbance treatments (vegetation and soil removal). These studies were conducted in the boreal and subarctic ecosystems and in the forest-tundra ecotone in northern Finland. N-fertilization and disturbances enhanced the amount of graminoids in plant communities, and the recovery ability of graminoids was enhanced after N-fertilization, which homogenized the vegetation and resulted in a new stable state in the plant community. The recovery ability of evergreen dwarf shrubs was low after disturbances. Disturbances created habitats for seed germination, but the seedling establishment of dwarf shrubs studied was still limited by seed availability. N-fertilization had no effect on microbial biomass. Instead, microbial biomass decreased with disturbance treatment in the boreal forest. However, the concentration of N increased in above-ground vegetation, both after N-fertilization and disturbance without any indication of N immobilization, suggesting that plant species captured the available N effectively for their recovery. The study shows that the likely outcome of N enrichment, when combined with disturbances, is the enhanced growth of graminoids. The seedling establishment does not compensate for the reduction of the vegetativerecovery of evergreen dwarf shrubs, which makes evergreen dwarf shrubs sensitive to environmental changes. As the understorey is more resilient to perturbations in the boreal forest than in the subarctic ecosystem, these results emphasize the sensitivity of the vegetation to simultaneous environmental changes in the northernmost ecosystems. Moreover, microbial properties are more resilient to environmental changes than is above-ground vegetation.
Boreal and subarctic soils under climatic change
Climate change : impacts on structure and biodiversity of subarctic plant communities
Grazing, disturbance and plant soil interactions in northern grasslands
Phytoplankton ecology of subarctic lakes in Finnish Lapland
Problems of definition and geographical differentation of the Subarctic with special regard to northern Europe
Reproductive allocation and costs of reproduction in subarctic herbs : a resource-based perspective
Midsummer and midwinter rhytmic behaviour in aquatic organisms in the subarctic
Overwintering ecology of northern field layer plants : snow and photosynthesis in Vaccinium vitis-idaea L.
On the forest-tundra and the northern tree-lines: a preliminary synthesis
Seasonal feeding strategies of subarctic zooplankton
The objective of this paper is to differentiate the landscape in the treeline ecotone in Subarctic Finland with an examination of its mosaic structure and functional role in treeline dynamics. Highly varying topography is a key factor controlling drainage conditions, vegetation, local climates and soils. Natural drainage classes, soil data (pH, Corg, Nt, C/N ratio, moisture) and dominant vegetation were used to characterize site conditions and to show the grouping of six representative sites along a synthetic topographical transect (model). The abrupt increase in soil moisture and pH values at the distal end of the lowest zones indicates a relatively sharp and ecologically important limit between well drained sites (ridge tops, upper valley side, interfluves) and valleys with both poorly and very poorly drained sites. Remains of birch wood in wind-scarps, hummocks and peaty layers give evidence of former open birch forest in present treeless sites. Forest decline has enforced the contrasts in site conditions between windswept and snow accumulating topography. The landscape mosaic and resultant site conditions are strongly influencing treeline dynamics and consequently, the landscape mosaic needs to be carefully considered when discussing the possible effects of the changing climate in the treeline ecotone.
