http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22849 Islamism
Islamism
Hezbollah : the global footprint of Lebanon's party of god
The international handbook of Islamic banking and finance
After the Arab spring : how the Islamists hijacked the Middle East revolts
Radical : my journey from Islamist extremism to a democratic awakening
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for young people and students
Resistance : the essence of the islamist revolution
Isis : a history
Trial of a thousand years : world order and Islamism
Unmodern men in the modern world : radical Islam, terrorism, and the war on modernity
The turbulent world of Middle East soccer
Muhajababes : meet the new middle East - young, sexy, and devout
A comparative study on Islamic and western philosophy
"Whereas most studies of Islamism focus on politics and religious ideology, this book analyses the ways in which Islamism in the Arab world is defined, reflected, transmitted and contested in a variety of creative and other cultural forms. It covers a range of contexts of production and reception, from the early twentieth century to the present, and with reference to cultural production in and/or about Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, Egypt, Yemen, the Gulf, Lebanon and Israel/Palestine. The material engaged with is produced in Arabic, English and French and includes fiction, autobiography, feature films, television series, television reportage, the press, rap music and video games. Throughout, the book highlights the multiple forms and contested interpretations of Islamism in the Arab world, exploring trends and tensions in the ways Islamism is represented to (primarily) Arab audiences and complicating simplistic perspectives on this phenomenon. The book considers repeated and idiosyncratic themes, modes of characterisation, motifs, structures of feeling and forms of engagement, in the context of an ongoing struggle for symbolic power in the region"--
Rethinking islamist politics : culture, the state and islamism
Turkey and the Arab spring : leadership in the Middle East
The Hizbullah phenomenon : politics and communication
The political thought of Sayyid Qutb : the theory of jahiliyyah
The impossible state : Islam, politics, and modernity's moral predicament
Inside the global jihad : how I infiltrated Al Qaeda and was abandoned by western intelligence
The politics of Pan-Islam : ideology and organization
Islam, fundamentalism, and the betrayal of tradition : essays by western Muslim scholars
The age of Jihad : Islamic State and the great war for the Middle East
Political culture of Turkey in the rule of the AKP : change and continuity = Politische Kultur der Türkei in der Herrschaft der AKP : Wandel und Kontinuität
Chaos in Yemen : societal collapse and the new authoritarianism
Peaceful Islamist mobilization in the Muslim world : what went right
The dawn of the Arab uprisings : end of an old order?
Inside ISIS : the brutal rise of a terrorist army
A world of polities : essays on global politics
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the peace and has become a major threat to world peace. The Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism provides resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narratives.
The Taliban remain one of the most elusive forces in modern history. A ragtag collection of clerics and madrasa students, this obscure movement emerged out of the rubble of the Cold War to shock the world with their draconian Islamic order. The Taliban refused to surrender their vision even when confronted by the United States after September 11, 2001. Reinventing themselves as part of a broad insurgency that destabilized Afghanistan, they pledged to drive out the Americans, NATO, and their allies and restore their "Islamic Emirate.""The Taliban and the Crisis of Afghanistan" explores the paradox at the centre of this challenging phenomenon: how has a seemingly anachronistic band of religious zealots managed to retain a tenacious foothold in the struggle for Afghanistan's future? Grounding their analysis in a deep understanding of the country's past, leading scholars of Afghan history, politics, society, and culture show how the Taliban was less an attempt to revive a medieval theocracy than a dynamic, complex, and adaptive force rooted in the history of Afghanistan and shaped by modern international politics. Shunning journalistic accounts of its conspiratorial origins, the essays investigate broader questions relating to the character of the Taliban, its evolution over time, and its capacity to affect the future of the region.Offering an invaluable guide to "what went wrong" with the American reconstruction project in Afghanistan, this book accounts for the persistence of a powerful and enigmatic movement while simultaneously mapping Afghanistan's enduring political crisis.
Inside Egypt : the road to revolution in the land of the pharaohs
Conceptualising socio-cultural dimension of islamic political thought in the politics of AKP
Political Islam observed
Unholy terror : Bosnia, al-Qa'ida, and the rise of global jihad
Islamism and democracy in Indonesia : piety and pragmatism
Jihad and Jew-hatred : Islamism, Nazism and the roots of 9/11
Ever again
Khomeini : life of the Ayatollah
The secret history of al-Qa'ida
Sharia or shura : contending approaches to Muslim politics in Nigeria and Senegal
The Arab Gulf States : beyond oil and Islam
How to win a cosmic war : confronting radical Islam
The politics of secularism in international relations
Islamic movements of Europe : public religion and islamophobia in the modern world
Islamic history : a very short introduction
The war of ideas : Jihad against democracy
Islamic and Christian Themes in Frank Herbert's Dune
Turkey decoded
Islam and the making of the nation : Kartosuwiryo and political Islam in 20th-century Indonesia
Creating an Islamic state : Khomeini and the making of a new Iran
Political Islam in the global world
Local contexts of Islamism in popular media
The world is facing a great dilemma due to despicable, inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism, indiscriminate killings, warfare, anarchy, disorder and suicide bombings over the past two decades. It is not only destroying the peace of any specific region, group or country but has become a major threat to world peace. Young People and Students living in various western countries who do not have conceptual clarity regarding Islam are wrongly considering terrorism and indiscriminate killing to be Jihad and are being drawn towards it. By quoting the Qur'an, hadith and texts from the books of Islamic Law out of context, they influence common Muslims who are not acquainted with the true teachings of Islam, especially youngsters. There is a need to provide authentic, comprehensive material against extremism to all people, from every walk of life, according to their needs, so that the conceptual and ideological confusions which may lead to terrorism can be eliminated. The  Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism was prepared for this purpose.
Allah O Akbar : a journey through militant Islam
Secular and Islamic politics in Turkey : the making of the Justice and Development Party
The annual on terrorism : 1988-1989
God's crucible : Islam and the making of Europe, 570 to 1215
Beyond hegemony : "Europe" and the politics of non-Western elites, 1900-1930
The insurgency in Chechnya and the North Caucasus : from gazavat to jihad
The Muslim world and politics in transition : creative contributions of the Gülen movement
From socialism to islam? : notes on islam as a political factor in contemporary Africa
"Eleven powerful pieces first published in The New Yorker recall the path terror in the Middle East has taken from a more peaceful time in 1990s Israel to the recent beheadings of reporters by ISIS. With the Pulitzer Prize-winning The Looming Tower, Lawrence Wright became generally acknowledged as one of our major journalists writing on terrorism in the Middle East. This collection draws on several articles he wrote while researching that book as well as many that he's written since, following where and how al-Qaeda and its core cult-like beliefs have morphed and spread. They include: a picture of Saudi Arabia under the control of the religious police; the Syrian film industry, then compliant at the edges but already exuding a feeling of the barely masked fury that erupted into civil war; Israel and Hamas waging war over Gaza. Others continue to look into al-Qaeda as it forms a master plan for its future, experiences a rebellion from within the organization, and spins off a growing web of terror in the world. The American response is covered in profiles of two FBI agents and a head of the CIA. It ends with the recent devastating capture and beheadings by ISIS of four American journalists and how our government handled the situation"--
Offers a survey of Islamic history and thought from the formative period of the religion to modern times. It examines the unique elements which have combined to form Islam, in particular the Qur'an and the influence of Muhammad, and traces the ways in which these sources have interacted historically to create Muslim theology and law as well as the alternative visions of Islam found in Shi'ism and Sufism. --from publisher description.
The second Arab awakening : and the battle for pluralism
Political Islam in Southeast Asia
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for clerics, imams and teachers
Democratic values in the Muslim world
Inside Al-Qaeda and the Taliban : beyond 9/11
From Anatolia to Aceh : Ottomans, Turks and Southeast Asia
US foreign policy in the Middle East : the roots of anti-americanism
Contextualising Jihadi thought
Human rights in the Arab world : indepedent voices
Towards a balanced political theory : a study on science and metaphysics in the political theories of Oswald Spengler, Robert Oppenheimer and Karl Popper, and on analysing political theories
The Islamist Phoenix : the Islamic State and the redrawing of the Middle East
Iran and the international system
Taliban : the true story of the world's most feared fighting force
Under the black flag : at the frontier of the new Jihad
Jihad academy : the rise of Islamic state
Boko Haram : inside Nigeria's unholy war
Israel and Hizbollah : an asymmetric conflict in historical and comparitive perspective
Looks at the extremist Sunni jihadist group and argues that they present a great danger to the United States and the world, looking at the origin of the group, its objectives, and its unlawful terrorist strategies.
Guide to Islamist movements
Sudan : race, religion and violence
Expressing Islam : religious life and politics in Indonesia
The Islamic State has stunned the world with its savagery, destructiveness, and military and recruiting successes. What explains the rise of ISIS and what does it portend for the future of the Middle East? In this book, one of the world's leading authorities on political Islam and jihadism sheds new light on these questions as he provides a unique history of the rise and growth of ISIS. Moving beyond journalistic accounts, Fawaz Gerges provides a clear and compelling account of the deeper conditions that fuel ISIS. The book describes how ISIS emerged in the chaos of Iraq following the 2003 U.S. invasion, how the group was strengthened by the suppression of the Arab Spring and by the war in Syria, and how ISIS seized leadership of the jihadist movement from Al Qaeda. Part of a militant Sunni revival, ISIS claims its goals are to resurrect a caliphate and rid "Islamic lands" of all Shia and other minorities. In contrast to Al Qaeda, ISIS initially focused on the "near enemy" -- Shia, the Iraqi and Syrian regimes, and secular, pro-Western states in the Middle East. But in a tactical shift ISIS has now taken responsibility for spectacular attacks in Europe and other places beyond the Middle East, making it clear that the group is increasingly interested in targeting the "far enemy" as well. Ultimately, the book shows how decades of dictatorship, poverty, and rising sectarianism in the Middle East, exacerbated by foreign intervention, led to the rise of ISIS -- and why addressing those problems is the only way to ensure its end. An authoritative introduction to arguably the most important conflict in the world today, this is an essential book for anyone seeking a deeper understanding of the social turmoil and political violence ravaging the Arab-Islamic world.
Dżihad i nowa wielka gra : paradoksy zagrożenia wojuja̜cym islamem w Azji Centralnej = Jihad vs. the new great game: paradoxes of militant Islamic threats in Central Asia
Explores how Islam can be reconciled with modernity to end terrorism, sectarian warfare and the repression of women and minorities
Yesterday is not behind
Graffiti, converts and vigilantes : Islam outside the mainstream in maritime Southeast Asia
Modern islamic thinking and activism : dynamics in the west and in the Middle East
The pious road to development : Islamist economics in Egypt
A teaspoon of earth and sea
Afghanistan from the cold war through the war on terror
Rethinking Islamism : the ideology of the new terror
The Implosion of capitalism
Radicalized : new jihadists and the threat to the West
Jihad and just war in the war on terror
Foucault and the Iranian Revolution : gender and the seductions of Islamism
Reliance of the traveller : the classic manual of Islamic sacred law ʻUmdat al-salik
Islam beyond the violent jihadis : an optimistic Muslim speaks
Understanding violent radicalisation : terrorist and jihadist movements in Europe
They say we are infidels : on the run from ISIS with persecuted Christians in the Middle East
Of empires and citizens : pro-American democracy or no democracy at all?
Black flags : the rise of ISIS
Political Islam : context versus ideology
Contemporary politics in the Middle East
Al Qaeda in Europe : the new battleground of international jihad
The rise and fall of Al-Qaeda
Gods, guns, and globalization : religious radicalism and international political economy
Egyptian Islamist discourse : on political and social thought of Hasan al-Banna (1906-1949) and Sayyid Qutb (1906-1966)
Global Salafism : Islam's new religious movement
Sayyid Qutb : the life and legacy of a radical Islamic intellectual
Islamic legitimacy in a plural Asia
This volume offers a comprehensive discussion of the contemporary debates within political Islam, providing an in-depth analysis of the specific movements, countries and regions in the Arab world and Israel. The contributors content that the evolution of Islamic movements is contextual rather than ideological. Therefore, Islamic movements are best understood individually within their own historical, socio-political and cultural setting. Political Islam is an essential reference for academics, researchers and the media, as well as general readers with an interest in Islamic political debates. -- Back cover.
When popular revolutions erupted in Tunisia and Egypt, Western pundits were quick to hail the stirrings of an Arab Spring and draw parallels between the resulting upheaval in the Middle East and the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989. In The Tunisian Tsunami John R. Bradley offers a sober counternarrative to this outlook. It is not liberalism, democracy, and pluralism that will emerge triumphant, he argues, but instead radical Islam. Bradley illustrates how, in a region awash with extremist Wahhabi ideology, intertribal rivalries, and Sunni-Shia divisions, the idea that liberal and progressive trends will prevail is little more than wishful thinking.
Peace, integration & human rights
"Whereas most studies of Islamism focus on politics and religious ideology, this book analyses the ways in which Islamism in the Arab world has been defined, reflected, transmitted and contested in a range of creative and other cultural forms. It covers a range of contexts of production and reception, from the mid-twentieth century to the present, in Arabic, English and French, including fiction, autobiography, feature films, television series, television reportage, the press and new media"--
Emergency powers in Asia : exploring the limits of legality
The ghosts of Martyrs Square : an eyewitness account of Lebanon's life struggle
The terror years : from al-Qaeda to the Islamic State
Religion, the Enlightenment, and the new global order
President Obama may have delivered on his campaign promise to kill Osama bin Laden, but as an Al-Qaeda strategist bin Laden has been dead for years. This book introduces and examines the new generation of Al-Qaeda leaders who have been behind the most recent attacks.*BR**BR*Investigative journalist Syed Saleem Shahzad dedicated his life to revealing the strategies and inner workings of Al-Qaeda and the Taliban. He had access to top-level commanders in both movements, as well as within the ISI, Pakistans intelligence service. Shahzads work was praised by US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for bringing to light the troubles extremism poses to Pakistan's stability. Inside Al-Qaeda and the Taliban explains the wider aims of both organisations and provides an essential analysis of major terrorist incidents, including the 2008 Mumbai attacks.*BR**BR*In May 2011, Shahzad was abducted and killed in Pakistan, days after writing an article suggesting that insiders in the Pakistani navy had colluded with Al-Qaeda in an attack on a naval air station. This book is a testament to his fearless reporting and analytical rigour. It will provide readers worldwide with an invaluable introduction to a new phase of the ongoing struggle against terrorism which threatens lives in so many countries. --Provided by publisher.
The Ismā'īlīs : their history and doctrines
The Arab region, an uncertain future
The rise of ISIS : a threat we can't ignore
Al-Shabaab in Somalia : the history and ideology of a militant Islamist group, 2005-2012
Young's book is a personal memoir of the post-2005 period in Lebanon, when the Cedar Revolution led to the pullout of the Syrian army from the country, kicking off a protracted period of domestic tension, invasions, civil war, assassinations, huge rallies, secret meetings, incessant scheming, and fear.
This book presents a series of scholarly papers in relation to Islamic thinking, activism, and politics in both the West and the Middle East. The reader will apprehend that Islam is not the monolithic religion so often depicted in the media or (earlier) in the academic world. The Islamic world is more than a uniform civilization with a set of petrified religious prescriptions and an outdated view on political and social organization. The contributions show the dynamics of Islam at work in different geographical and social contexts. By treating the working of Islamic thinking and of Islamic activism on a practical level, this book includes innovative research and fills a significant gap in existing work.
The roots of terrorism in Indonesia : from Darul Islam to Jema'ah Islamiyah
Jihad academy : the misperceptions of Islamic state and their consquences
Muslims : their religious beliefs and practices
Sacred rage : the wrath of militant Islam
Indian Islamic organizations, including : Tablighi Jamaat, Solidarity Youth Movement, Kerala, All India Muslim Majlis (Dr. Faridi), Students Islamic Organisation of India, Jamaat-E-Islami Hind, National Development Front, Jamiat Ulema-E-Hind
The Netherlands and the Arab region : a principled and pragmatic approach
Violence in between : conflict and security in archipelagic Southeast Asia
The Middle East : a history
Wahhabism : doctrine and development
Islam in Indonesia : the contest for society, ideas and values
The Islamist threat in Southeast Asia : a reassessment
The missing martyrs : why there are so few Muslim terrorists
Islamist opposition parties and the potential for EU engagement
Terrorism in asymmetrical conflict : ideological and structural aspects
When the convulsions of the Arab Spring first became manifest in Syria in March 2011, the Ba'athist regime was quick to blame the pro-tests on the 'Syrian Muslim Brotherhood' and its 'al-Qaeda affiliates'. But who are these Islamists so determined to rule a post-Assad Syria? This text presents a comprehensive account of the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood's history to date.
Boko Haram : Nigeria's islamist insurgency
The mirage
The roots of radical Islam
Religious ideology and the roots of the global Jihad : Salafi Jihadism and international order
Islamism and cultural expression in the Arab world
The new threat : from Islamic militancy
Political journeys : the openDemocracy essays
Popular politics in the making of the modern Middle East
On trans-Saharan trails : Islamic law, trade networks, and cross-cultural exchange in nineteenth-century Western Africa
Understanding Islamic fundamentalism : the theological and ideological basis of al-Qa'ida's political tactics
A Lebanese vanguard for the Islamic revolution : Hezbollah's combined strategy of accommodation and resistance
Ashes of Hama : the Muslim Brotherhood in Syria
Heretic : why Islam needs a reformation now
Heretic :  why Islam needs a reformation now
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the world peace. Angry, reactionary voices distort the peaceful message of Islam and present it as a violent ideology that calls for indiscriminate killings and suicidal terrorism. Such voices are denying the possibility of a harmonious coexistence between Muslims and non-Muslims. Under such circumstances there is an urgent need for the authentic voices of Islamic scholarship to reassert the normative, mainstream teachings of Islam. Voices backed by 1400 years of scholarship that represent the creed of the overwhelming majority of the Muslim World. The Islamic Curriculum on Peace and Counter-Terrorism aims to provide resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narrative. This timely collection consists of three lectures delivered by the world renowned authority, Shaykh-ul-Islam Dr. Tahir ul-Qadri who has published over 450 books and delivered over 5500 lectures to date.
How to win a cosmic war : confronting radical islam
Horses of god
The Taliban and the crisis of Afghanistan
Islam : the basics
Jihadi terrorism and the radicalisation challenge : European and American experiences
Empire of fear : inside the Islamic State
Gandhi : pan-islamism, imperialism and nationalism in India
Arabs and the holocaust : the Arab-Israeli war of narratives
Terrorism and counter-terrorism in Africa : fighting insurgency from Al Shabaab, Ansar Dine and Boko Haram
