http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22874 visual arts
visual arts
Pictorial composition and the critical judgment of pictures
Derek Walcott : the journeyman years: occasional prose 1957-1974. Volume 1, Culture, society, literature, and art
Spiritualia sub metaphoris corporalium? : description in the visual arts
The Gothic
Mousse is a bimonthly magazine published in Italian and English. Established in 2006, Mousse contains interviews, conversations, and essays by some of the most important figures in international criticism, visual arts, and curating today, alternated with a series of distinctive articles in a unique tabloid format. Mousse keeps tabs on international trends in contemporary culture thanks to its city editors in major art capitals such as Berlin, New York, London, Paris, and Los Angeles.---
FAT : Finnish art today. Edition 2013
Videography : video media as art and culture
A Visual language : elements of design
Reflections on stage : an investigation of projection as character
Erratic : Visual Impact in Current Design
Seen/unseen : art, science, and intuition from Leonardo to the Hubble telescope
Tino Sehgal : art as immaterial commodity
Critical studies in art and design education
Contextualization and Presence in Visual Arts
Narrativity : how visual arts, cinema and literature are telling the world today
Structuring time : notes on making movies
Projecting migration : transcultural documentary practice
Summary.
The absolute in visual art and music
Video Works : 2005-2013
Tribe : excercises in transitory art
Psychiatric visual expression interview in dissociative disorders
Composition : understanding line, notan and color
Northern beauty : Barents visual arts in the 1970s and the 1980s
The doorman = Vahtimestari
Oral history in the visual arts
Dada spectrum : the dialects of revolt
The Visual arts and sciences : a symposium held at the American Philosophical Society
Light for visual artists : understanding & using light in art & design
Rethinking visual art practice in relation to well-being : a conceptual analysis
Theory free zone : Kristian Gullichsen 80 vuotta = 80 år = 80 years
Screen/space : the projected image in contemporary art
Content-based approach to experiencing visual art / Sari Kuuva
Images and identity : educating citizenship through visual arts
Visual art and education in an era of designer capitalism : deconstructing the oral eye
Dark stars rising : conversations from the outer realms
Assessing expressive learning : a practical guide for teacher-directed, authentic assessment in K-12 visual arts education
Picturing Russia : explorations in visual culture
Signing the body poetic : essays on American sign language literature
Hanging fire : contemporary art from Pakistan
Anthropology of the arts : a reader
Postmodernism : a very short introduction
"Contemporary art photography is paradoxical. Anyone can look at it and form an opinion about what they see, yet it represents critical positions that only a small minority of well-informed viewers can usually access.Why Art Photography? provides a lively, accessible introduction to the ideas behind today's striking photographic images. Exploring key issues such as ambiguity, objectivity, staging, authenticity, the digital and photography's expanded field, the chapters offer fresh perspectives on existing debates. While the main focus is on the present, the book traces concepts and visual styles to their origins, drawing on carefully selected examples from recognized international photographers. Images, theories and histories are described in a clear, concise manner and key terms are defined along the way.This book is ideal for anyone wanting to deepen their understanding of photography as an art form. "--
Doppelganger : the images of the human being
Vision, image, record : a cultivation of the visual field
Arch of Neo : audiovisual performance and video work exploring the convergence between abstract visual music and dance
Arts and culture in Helsinki
Kalevala : myths, and visual arts
The Oxford handbook of sound and image in Western art
The haunted gallery : painting, photography, film c. 1900
Into the nature of creatures and wilderness
Trimpin : contraptions for art and sound
The psychology of contemporary art
Comprehensive introduction to the anthropology of the arts, this is the first textbook to go beyond visual art to cover the arts more broadly. Drawing together media such as painting, sound, performance, video, and film, it presents a clear overview of the cross-cultural human experience of art.
Using Reference in Creating a Digital Painting
The master of illusions : pictures to ponder from a visual virtuoso
Proposes an anthropological theory for interpreting human picture making. This title looks at the relationship between image and death, tracing picture production, including the first use of the mask, to early funerary rituals in which pictures served to represent the missing bodies of the dead.
Stripes, grids and checks
Modern art and the death of a culture
Processing : a programming handbook for visual designers and artists
Why art photography?
What is this nonsense? : on the political in visual art with basis in surrealism and pataphysics
Will Alsop 1990-2000
Pori AiR : [first] five years : artists in residence 2006-2010
Stereoscopic distortions as an artistic practice
Highlighting the ways that digital media can be used in interdisciplinary curricula, 'Images & Identity' brings together ideas from art and citizenship teachers in the Czech Republic, Germany, Ireland, Malta, Portugal, and the UK on producing online curriculum materials. This book offers a practical strategy for ways that these different subjects can be taught. The first part of the book explores issues of art and citizenship education within a European context, while the second part contains case studies of curriculum experiments that can be applied to global classrooms. It will be of great interest to students and teachers of art and citizenship education--Provided by publisher.
African cultures, visual arts, and the museum : sights/sites of creativity and conflict
Korean contemporary art
Synthesis and nullification : works 1991-2011
Elysium : the art of the film
Observational cinema : anthropology, film, and the exploration of social life
Content-based approach to experiencing visual art
Art and the state : the visual arts in comparative perspective
Pictures and passions : a history of homosexuality in the visual arts
How Drama Activates Learning: Contemporary Research and Practice draws together leaders in drama and education from across the globe, including authors from Europe, North America and Australasia to explore the transformations that can be achieved across a diverse range of learning areas when the processes of drama education are applied, enlivening and enriching a range of learning contexts. The range of areas explored includes: History Literacy and literature Creativity and imagination Science Citizenship, democracy and social justice education language learning Human relationships Conflict management Drawing on a range of theoretical perspectives, the contributors present detailed case study material that outlines these processes in action, before the volume editors synthesize the key findings generated.
HESA inprint
Pink twins cataloque
Thinking, resisting, reading the political
Fragments of matter : Jeannette Christensen
How drama activates learning : contemporary research and practice
Sexuality in the field of vision
The future of the image
Other planes of there : selected writings
Photocinema : the creative edges of photography and film
Deaf Studies III : Bridging cultures in the 21st century : conference preceedings. April 22-25, 1993
Will Alsop : book 1
"The oral eye is a metaphor for the dominance of global designer capitalism. It refers to the consumerism of a designer aesthetic by the 'I' of the neoliberalist subject, as well as the aural soundscapes that accompany the hegemony of the capturing attention through screen cultures. An attempt is made to articulate the historical emergence of such a synoptic machinic regime drawing on Badiou, Bellmer, Deleuze, Guattari, Lacan, Rancir̈e, Virilio, Ziarek, and Zizek to explore contemporary art (post-Situationism) and visual cultural education. Jagodzinski develops the concept of an 'avant-garde without authority,' 'self-refleXion' and 'in(design)' to further the questions surrounding the posthuman as advanced by theorists such as Hansen, Stiegler and Ziarek's 'force' of art"--
The Routledge companion to music and visual culture
Naked : the nude in America
An Anthropology of Images : Picture, Medium, Body
What is research in the visual arts? : obsession, archive, encounter
Seeing differently : a history and theory of identification and the visual arts
Description in literature and other media
Old mistresses : women, art and ideology
Visual thinking strategies : using art to deepen learning across school disciplines
Cool : applied visual arts in the North
Mnemosyne : the parallel between literature and the viual arts
Art : histories, theories and exceptions
Ambient art : creative information representation
Seeing from above : the aerial view in visual culture
The corporeal image : film, ethnography, and the senses
Summer of love : art of the psychedelic era
Art, word and image : two thousand years of visual/textual interaction
See This Sound : Versprechungen von Bild und Ton ; ein Projekt für Linz 2009, Kulturhauptstadt Europas ; [anlässlich der Ausstellung "See This Sound. Versprechungen von Bild und Ton" im Lentos Kunstmuseum Linz (28. August 2009 - 10. Jänner 2010)] = Promises of sound and vision
