http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22882 creative methods
creative methods
The 4 lenses of innovation : a power tool for creative thinking
How designers think : the design process demystified
Managing the design process : implementing design : an essential manual for the working designer
Creative confidence : unleashing the creative potential within us all
Design thinking research : studying co-creation in practice
Change by design : how design thinking transforms organizations and inspires innovation
Scientific and technological thinking
Solving problems with design thinking : ten stories of what works
Advertising by design : generating and designing creative ideas across media
Perspectives on literature and translation : creation, circulation, reception
The Routledge international handbook of innovation education
Design thinking research : taking breakthrough innovation home
"This volume explores the relationship between literature and translation from three perspectives: the creative dimensions of the translation process; the way texts circulate between languages; and the way texts are received in translation by new audiences. The distinctiveness of the volume lies in the fact that it considers these fundamental aspects of literary translation together and in terms of their interconnections. Contributors examine a wide variety of texts, including world classics, poetry, genre fiction, transnational literature, and life writing from around the world. Both theoretical and empirical issues are covered, with some contributors approaching the topic as practitioners of literary translation, and others writing from within the academy"--
Three weeks to a year
Creativity at work : supercharge your brain and make your ideas stick
Against method : the portability of method in human-centered design
Fire : how fast, inexpensive, restrained, and elegant methods ignite innovation
Writing : self and reflexivity
Synectics : the development of creative capacity
The secret of the highly creative thinker : how to make connections others don't
Multicultural Education through Expressive Methods in Early Childhood Education
Jump start your brain
Introducing business creativity : a practical guide
Creative methods in organizational research
Street dance project: encouraging and supporting young people to engage in street dance as part of their lifestyle
On scientific thinking
Creativity, a new vocabulary
Drama techniques in language learning
The art of creativity : (30 brain hacks)
The service innovation handbook : templates - cases - capabilities
Value Proposition Design helps you tackle a core challenge of every business - creating compelling products and services customers want to buy. This practical book, paired with its online companion, will teach you the processes and tools you need to succeed.
Generating and transforming representations in design ideation
Creating stories with children
Concept code : how to create meaningful concepts
Value proposition design : how to create products and services customers want
Placing students at the heart of creative learning
Design thinking research : building innovation eco-systems
Crowdstorm : the future of innovation, ideas, and problem solving
Unveiling the story through portraits : portraiture in social-artistic work
Material culture studies and creative teaching of commodity geographies
Analysing design activity
Applications of industrial statistics
The designing for growth field book : a step-by-step project guide
Methods and models in linguistic and musical computational creativity
Art as medicine : creating a therapy of the imagination
Play reconsidered : sociological perspectives on human expression
"The rationalist approach to strategizing emphasizes analytical and convergent thinking. Without denying the importance of this approach, this book argues that strategists must learn to complement it with a more creative approach to strategizing that emphasizes synthetic and divergent ways of thinking. The theoretical underpinnings of this approach include embodied realism, interpretivism, practice theory, theory of play, design thinking, as well as discursive approaches such as metaphorical analysis, narrative analysis, dialogical analysis and hermeneutics. The book includes in-depth discussions of these theories and shows how they can be put into practice by presenting detailed analyses of embodied metaphors built by groups of agents with step-by-step explanations of how this process can be implemented and facilitated. The link between theory and practice is further supported by the inclusion of several vignettes that describe how this approach has been successfully employed in a number of organizations, including BASF and UNICEF"--
Greek summary.
This book supplies an in-depth discussion of creativity and its relationship to project management. Specifically, it explains how the tools and techniques of creativity can be used to enhance the five processes executed during a project: defining, planning, executing, monitoring and controlling, and closing. Establishing the groundwork for encouraging and sustaining creativity in your projects, the book details the benefits of integrating creativity in projects. It discusses common, and not so common, tools and techniques for developing project management deliverables and identifies the challenges that can arise when using creativity in a project. It also details ten little-known facts that to help overcome the obstacles that often prevent organizations from tapping into the power of creativity in their projects. Each chapter includes a checklist and a case study on the application of the concepts presented. The book also indicates, where applicable, how the topics of discussion relate to the Project Management Institute's (PMI) Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK).
Crafting strategy : embodied metaphors in practice
Design methods 2 : 200 more ways to apply design thinking
Idea searching
Design diaries : creative process in graphic design
Creative research : the theory and practice of research for the creative industries
Graphic design thinking : beyond brainstorming
Group and individual work with older people : a practical guide to running successful activity-based programmes
Publisher Synopsis: In a clear and simple style, this book shows how design thinking has been applied successfully to address complex and different problems in a variety of organizations, both for- and not-for-profit. The ten case studies provide creative and innovative applications of design principles and supply sufficient detail of use to aid readers in their own planning processes. Solving Problems with Design Thinking provides depth of value to the graduate professional classroom while being simple and clear for immediate use by managers. -- Toni Ungaretti, Johns Hopkins University Jeanne Liedtka is dedicated to bringing design concepts and theory down from the stratosphere into the hands of managers tackling everyday problems. She and her coauthors achieve just this in Solving Problems with Design Thinking. Read it once for inspiration and encouragement. Then go back to its pages time and time again for models, tools, lessons, and stories that will transform design thinking into a powerful asset for you. -- Roger Martin, Dean of the Rotman School of Management, University of Toronto This book offers a solid, in-depth look at the power of design thinking to solve organizational problems. Better yet, through real-life examples, it demonstrates a far more important skill: how to uncover the more urgent problems lurking beneath the surface. The authors brilliantly reveal how the design mindset can permeate -- and then transform -- an organization.
Design research methods : 150 ways to inform design
Blink : the power of thinking without thinking
50 selected design methods : to transform your design
Using interactive technology to implement activities which promote social, physical and cognitive wellbeing in senior citizens.
CoCo tool kit version 1.0 : a co-creation workbook and a collection of tools for service businesses
Writing cures : an introductory handbook of writing in counselling and psychotherapy
Practices of experimentation : research and teaching in the arts today = Praktiken des Experimentierens : Forschung und Lehre in den Künsten heute
Empowering songwriting: / an  art-oriented method used with the youth in Viertola reception home
The self on the page : theory and practice of creative writing in personal development
Creative, efficient, and effective project management
Creativity : a handbook for teachers
Unleashing engineering creativity
This is an essential read for managers in forms that used to have a product focus and that are trying to shift towards designing services and experiences. By covering the early stages of the innovation process, it guides readers throught developing new knowledge, creating service concepts and prototyping experiences. It's valuable not only for service innovation and design practicioners but also visionary business leaders who understand that creating destinct customer experiences is the future of innovation.
Attempts to show how innovation in the post-Google generation is often catalyzed by those who cross a conventional line so firmly drawn between the arts and the sciences.
Design methods 1 : 200 ways to apply design thinking
The power of positive deviance : how unlikely innovators solve the world's toughest problems
Scripted fantasy in the classroom
Creative research methods in the social sciences : a practical guide
Gamestorming : a playbook for innovators, rulebreakers and changemakers
Develop critical thinking skills, solve a mystery, learn science : creative science using two mystery stories
Outlines a problem solving approach that replaces traditional ideas of power and authority with a method that allows individuals to discover answers for themselves.
Artscience : creativity in the post-Google generation
Fostering creative thinking : the role of primary teachers
Design thinking for entrepreneurs and small businesses : putting the power of design to work
Art, creativity and imagination in social work practice
Teaching as story telling : an alternative approach to teaching and the curriculum
Abstract: The main motivating reason behind the topic area of this thesis is the growing number of immigrants and immigrant children in Finland. Multiculturalism is a current phenomenon in todayʼs society and it brings new challenges to early childhood education and care (ECEC). The objective of this thesis was to develop a practical implementation to the worklife partner, aiming at bringing multicultural education as a theme closer to the everyday reality by using expressive methods. The project was conducted in close co-operation with the Helsinki English Language Montessori Preschool. In this report we defined theories considering early childhood education and multicultural education as concepts. Expressive methods being the main methods applied, we introduced some relevant theories in support as part of the theoretical framework. When working with children expressive methods are a low threshold way of bringing the above mentioned themes closer to childrenʼs experience of the world.  The functional part of the implementation was a weeklong project for five-year-old children. Our goal was to raise the childrenʼs world awareness through expressive methods. We were hoping for active participation that would lead to increased self-understanding. Our work-life partner introduced the need for grouping, which then became one of the objectives.  Multicultural education is a current topic, in particular in the field of ECEC and increasing knowledge and skills about multiculturalism among the educators is extremely vital. Our aim was to bring forward the theme of multiculturalism both with the children and with the professionals working with them. During each session of the project multiculturalism was presented to the children in different ways. We hope that our work life partner will be able to use the report as an inspirational tool in the future.  The well planned sessions turned out to be successful, although raising childrenʼs world awareness, self-understanding and grouping are especially large concepts and quite difficult to measure. We were able to create a positive and an inspiring environment for the children that can enhance learning. Some concerns that emerged during the process were the lack of literature on multicultural education and instructions regarding preschoolʼs everyday challenges. We hope that in the future our project will awaken interest, foster further discussion and research about this current fascinating topic.
Creativity in the classroom : schools of curious delight
Creative drama and imagination : transforming ideas into action
Defining creativity : the art and science of great ideas
Writing works : a resource handbook for therapeutic writing workshops and activities
Research methods in creative writing
Innovation engineering : the power of intangible networks
The art of creative thinking : how to be innovative and develop great ideas
Inside the box : a proven system of creativity for breakthrough results
Creativity in business : the basic guide for generating and selecting ideas
Researching creative learning : methods and issues
Handbook of organizational and entrepreneurial ingenuity / edited by Benson Honig, Joseph Lambel, Israel Drori
75 tools for creative thinking
Where good ideas come from : the seven patterns of innovation
This book summarizes the results of Design Thinking Research carried out at Stanford University in Palo Alto, California, USA, and Hasso Plattner Institute in Potsdam, Germany. The authors offer readers a closer look at Design Thinking with its processes of innovations and methods. The contents of the articles range from how to design ideas, methods, and technologies via creativity experiments and wicked problem solutions, to creative collaboration in the real world and the connectivity of designers and engineers. But the topics go beyond this in their detailed exploration of design thinking and its use in IT systems engineering fields and even from a management perspective. The authors show how these methods and strategies work in companies, introduce new technologies and their functions and demonstrate how Design Thinking can influence as diverse a topic area as marriage. Furthermore, we see how special design thinking use functions in solving wicked problems in complex fields. Thinking and creating innovations are basically and inherently human - so is Design Thinking. Due to this, Design Thinking is not only a factual matter or a result of special courses nor of being gifted or trained: it's a way of dealing with our environment and improving technique,s, technologies and life.
A powerful and inspiring book from the founders of IDEO, the award-winning design firm, on unleashing the creativity that lies within each and every one of us. Too often, companies and individuals assume that creativity and innovation are the domain of the 'creative types'. But two of the foremost experts in innovation, design and creativity on the planet show us that each and every one of us is creative. In an entertaining and inspiring narrative that draws on countless stories from their work at IDEO, and with many of the world's top companies and design firms, David and Tom Kelley identify the principles and strategies that will allow us to tap into our creative potential in our work lives, and in our personal lives, allow us to think outside the box in terms of how we approach and solve problems. 'Creative Confidence' is a book that will help each of us be more productive and successful in our lives and in our careers.
Co-creation and learning : concepts and cases
