http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22934 intercropping
intercropping interplanting
The impact of intercropping green bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) with red beet (Beta vulgaris L. var. rubra) and radish (Raphanus sativus L.), two non-legume plants, on the plants' yields, as well as the effect on occurrence and enumeration of microorganisms in the rhizosphere was studied. The intercrop efficacy evaluation, using Land equivalent ratio, revealed values above 1.0 for all intercropped treatments. Diversity of rhizobia from green bean nodules under different intercropping and fertilizing conditions was observed. On the basis of morphological and biochemical characteristics, 67 out of 158 isolates from green bean roots were selected as rhizobia (42.4%), confirmed by detection of 780 bp nifH gene fragments in nifH-PCR, and then clustered in 27 phenotype patterns. Production of exopolysaccharide succinoglycan was observed in 23 rhizobial isolates, while 6 were detected to solubilize tricalcium phosphate. Screening of genetic diversity using (GTG)5-PCR fingerprinting showed presence of six different patterns on the 92% similarity level.
Mixed and pure forest plantations in the tropics and subtropics
Growing plantation forests
Impact of monocrotophos and neem oil mixture on defoliator management in groundnut
Field experiments were carried out at the Agricultural Research Station, Faculty of Agriculture, University of Tabriz, Iran, in 2005-2006 and 2006-2007 growing seasons. Two maize (Zea mays L.) hybrids (704, 301), vetch (Vicia villosa), bitter vetch (Vicia ervilia), berseem clover (Trifolium alexandrinum L.) and common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris) sole crops as well as intercrops of maize hybrids with each of the legumes were used to evaluate the effects of legumes on forage yield and quality. The experiment was carried out as randomized complete block design with three replications. The results showed that intercropping systems had a significant effect on the dry matter yield, crude protein (CP) yield, ash content, neutral detergent fiber (NDF) and acid detergent fiber (ADF) concentration. The CP yield, dry matter yield and ash content of maize forage increased by intercropping as compared with the maize monoculture. Also intercropping of legumes with maize significantly reduced NDF and ADF content, thus increasing digestibility of the forage. The highest and lowest NDF and ADF content were achieved in maize hybrid (704) monoculture, intercropping of maize hybrid (301) with bitter vetch, vetch and bean, respectively. In all intercropping treatments, land equivalent ratios (LER) were well above 1 indicating yield advantages for intercropping. It can be concluded that maize-legumes intercrops could substantially increase forage quantity and quality and decrease requirements for protein supplements as compared with the maize monocultures.
Competition and yield advantage in barley-barley and barley-oats mixtures
Yield advantage and competition in intercropped oats (Avena sativa L.) and faba bean (Vicia faba L.) : application of the hyperbolic yield-density model
Comparison of growth, nutrition and soil properties of pure and mixed stands of Populus deltoides and Alnus subcornata
Volume yield to mid-rotation in pure and mixed sown stands of Pinus sylvestris and Picea abies in Sweden
Stem anatomy of annual legume intercropping components: white lupin (Lupinus albus L.), narbonne (Vicia narbonensis L.) and common (Vicia sativa L.) vetches
Tropical dryland agroforestry on clay soils : analysis of systems based on Acacia senegal in the Blue Nile region, Sudan
Climate change, intercropping, pest control and beneficial microorganisms
Maize-bean intercrop system in Nicaragua : effect of plant arrangements and population densities on the land equivalent ratio (LER), relative yield total (RYT) and weed abundance : a minor field study
Effect of intercropping carrots and onions on damage caused by the carrot fly, Psila rosae (F.) (Dipt., Psilidae)
Wood quality of Norway spruce grown in mixture with birch and in monoculture
Intercropping, insect populations and pest damage : case study and conceptual model
Economic analysis of maize-tepary bean production using a soil fertility replenishment product (PREP-PAC) in semi-arid Eastern Kenya
Productivity, technical efficiency and cropping patterns in the savanna zone of Nigeria
The ecology of intercropping
Epidemiology of bean common bacterial blight and maize rust in intercropping
The effect of intercropping on stem anatomy of both supporting (Lupinus albus) and supported (Vicia narbonnensis and V. sativa) annual forage legumes was investigated using stereological method. Intercropped plants showed minimal differences in volume densities (Vv) of stem tissues and forage chemical composition compared to sole crops. The proportions of lignin and NDF (Neutral Detergent Fiber) positively correlated with xylem Vv. The proportions of ADF (Acid Detergent Fiber), cellulose and ash in intercropped plants were increased or decreased mostly by less than 10% compared to those in pure stands. The Anatomical Equivalent Ratio (AER) defined as the ratio based on anatomical quality-determining parameters, can assist in the evaluation of the benefits of specific intercropping systems. Intercropping of the legume species studied in this work, especially L. albus with V. sativa, showed encouraging results from anatomical perspective since it would not cause a decline of forage quality.
Intercropped red beet and radish with green bean affected microbial communities and nodulation by indigenous rhizobia
Forage yield and quality in intercropping of maize with different legumes as double-cropped
