http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22942 double life
double life
The war of the wives
A mad and wonderful thing
You, me & other people
A brilliant, deeply dedicated psychologist, Grace Blades has a gift for treating troubled souls and tormented psyches--perhaps because she bears her own / WorldCat.
The murderer's daughter : a novel
The voice of the spirits : a commandant De Palma investigation
Dexter : the final season. 8. tuotantokausi
Darkly Dreaming Dexter
Tempest rising
A man's world : the double life of Emile Griffith
Face the music
The strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
The Iceman
Deadly secrets
Honeymoon
'Do you need my help?' It was always the first question he asked. They called him when they had nowhere else to turn. As a boy he was chosen, then taken from the orphanage he called home. Raised and trained as part of a top secret programme he was sent to the worst places in the world to do the things his government denied any knowledge of. Then he broke with the programme, using everything he'd learned to disappear. He wanted to help the desperate and deserving. But now someone's on his tail. Someone who has issues with his past. Someone who knows he was once known simply as Orphan X.
Mr. Robot. Season 1.
The picture of Dorian Gray
The double-edged sword
Double Dexter : a novel
True story : murder, memoir, mea culpa
I am number four
Puhelintytön päiväkirjat = Secret diary of a call girl. Second season
The sunshine cruise company
The woman upstairs : a novel
The key
Dearly devoted Dexter : a novel
The nutty professor
Death of a red heroine
The third deadly sin
Death of a ladies' man
Robert Ludlum's The Bourne legacy
The murderer's daughter
Judith Rashleigh works as an assistant in a prestigious London auction house, but her dreams of breaking into the art world have been gradually dulled by the blunt forces of snobbery and corruption. To make ends meet she moonlights as a hostess in one of the West End's less salubrious bars - although her work there pales against her activities on nights off.  When Judith stumbles across a conspiracy at her auction house, she is fired before she can expose the fraud. In desperation, she accepts an offer from one of the bar's clients to accompany him to the French Riviera. But when an ill-advised attempt to slip him sedatives has momentous consequences, Judith finds herself fleeing for her life.  Now alone and in danger, all Judith has to rely on is her consummate ability to fake it amongst the rich and famous - and the inside track on the hugely lucrative art fraud that triggered her dismissal.  Set in the exotic palaces and yachts of Europe's seriously wealthy.
Dexter in the dark
Double Dexter
American psycho
The dark
Honeymoon : a novel
Anatomy of a disappearance
Unseemly science
The bullet-catcher's daughter
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne sanction
Holy rollers
The idea of him
On her seventeenth birthday, Tempest must decide whether to remain a human and live on land or submit to her mermaid half, like her mother before her, and enter into a long-running war under the sea.
Picture of Dorian Gray
All bones and lies
The gambler
My wife Melissa
The swimmer : a novel
Shiver
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne sanction : a new Jason Bourne novel
The butterfly room
The stranger's child
American Psycho
Thief of shadows : a Maiden Lane novel
Second life
Tempest revealed
The named
Meatspace
Miss Meadows
Six years
