http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22939 casinos
casinos
The corrections
Knights of the Dinner Table. Volume 8
Scalped. 2 : Casino boogie
Jackpot nation : rambling and gambling across our landscape of luck
Scalped. 4 : The gravel in your guts
Whale hunt in the desert : secrets of a Vegas superhost
Scalped. 1 : Indian country
Gambling cultures : studies in history and interpretation
Knights of the Dinner Table. Volume 14
Knights of the Dinner Table. Volume 4
21 : bringing down the house : how six students took Vegas for millions
Resorts : management and operation
Scalped. 7 : Rez blues
Union Atlantic
Scalped. 9 : Knuckle up
Las Vegas : uncut & uncensored. Season three
Las Vegas. uncut & uncensored. Season two
The Oxford handbook of the economics of gambling
Knights of the Dinner Table. Volume 3
Knights of the Dinner Table. Volume 2
Don't look twice
Introduction to hospitality
Global gambling : cultural perspectives on gambling organizations
Casino capitalism : how the financial crisis came about and what needs to be done now
Las Vegas. Season one
Travel industry economics : a guide for financial analysis
Scalped. 3 : Dead mothers
Scalped. 8 : You gotta sin to get saved
The scam : a Fox and O'Hare novel
Atlantic City
Technology strategies for the hospitality industry
The killing
Customer service officer as a responsible host at the Skycity Adelaide Casino
Den of thieves
Guest service in the hospitality industry
World of resorts : from development to management
Knights of the Dinner Table. Volume 9
Welcome to hospitality : an introduction
Scalped. 10 : Trail's end
Las Vegas. Season five
The scam
A brief history of economics : artful approaches to the dismal science
Knights of the Dinner Table. Volume 11
No longer quarantined in Las Vegas, gambling has become as local as our neighborhood cineplex. If there's not a casino around the corner, there's one on your laptop computer. You can bet on the turn of the card, a roll of the dice--but also the NFL, the NCAA, and which Olson twin marries first. It's no wonder that we spend more money gambling than we do on movies, music, sports, video games, and theme parks combined! Here, acclaimed sportswriter Hoffer takes us on a headlong tour, alternately horrifying and hilarious, across our landscape of luck, discovering just how determined we are to gamble. He also discovers that the very institutions that used to regulate this workout are now its biggest cheerleaders: yesterday's numbers racket is today's state lottery; yesterday's mob casino is now part of a Fortune 500 company. And he concludes that people are, mostly, having a good time.--From publisher description.
Knights of the Dinner Table. Volume 7
Addiction by Design : machine gambling in Las Vegas
Knights of the Dinner Table. Volume 13
Knights of the Dinner Table. Volume 10
Knights of the Dinner Table. Volume 1
Knights of the Dinner Table. Volume 15
Taking chances
Scalped. 6 : The gnawing
Lords of Vegas
Introduction to casino and gaming operations
The desert rose
The immersive worlds handbook : designing theme parks and consumer spaces
Las Vegas. Season three : uncut & uncensored
Ocean's thirteen
The little old lady who struck lucky again!
Entertainment industry economics : a guide for financial analysis
Ghostman
Knights of the Dinner Table. Volume 6
Wild Card : directed by Simon West
Scalped. 5 : High lonesome
Bringing down the house : the inside story of six MIT students who took Vegas for millions
Las Vegas. Season two : uncut & uncensored
Knights of the Dinner Table. Volume 16
The economics of tourism
Knights of the Dinner Table. Volume 5
Las Vegas. Season four
Hide and seek
Introduction to hospitality management
Knights of the Dinner Table. Volume 12
