http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22952 Google
Google
Get to the top on Google : tips and techiques to get your site to the top of the search engine rankings - and stay there
Inbound marketing : get found using Google, social media, and blogs
""We spend more time working than doing anything else in life. It's not right that the experience of work should be so demotivating and dehumanizing." So says Laszlo Bock, head of People Operations at the company that transformed how the world interacts with knowledge. This insight is the heart of WORK RULES!, a compelling and surprisingly playful manifesto with the potential to change how we work and live. Drawing on the latest research in behavioral economics and with a profound grasp of human psychology, Bock also provides teaching examples from a range of industries -- including companies that are household names but hideous places to work, and little-known companies that achieve spectacular results by valuing and listening to their employees. Bock takes us inside one of history's most explosively successful businesses to reveal why Google is consistently rated one of the best places to work in the world, distilling 15 years of intensive worker R&D into delightfully counterintuitive principles that are easy to put into action, whether you're a team of one or a team of thousands. Cleaving the knot of conventional management, some lessons from WORK RULES! include: Take away managers' power over employees Learn from your best employees - and your worst Only hire people who are smarter than you are, no matter how long it takes to find them Pay unfairly (it's fairer!) Don't trust your gut: use data to predict and shape the future Default to open: be transparent, and welcome feedback If you're comfortable with the amount of freedom you've given your employees, you haven't gone far enough WORK RULES! shows how to strike a balance between creativity and structure, leading to success you can measure in quality of life as well as market share. Read it to build a better company from within rather than from above; read it to reawaken your joy in what you do. "--
Your Google game plan for success : increasing your web presence with Google Adwords, Analytics and Website Optimizer
Google Scholar and more : new Google applications and tools for libraries and library users
My Google apps
Search advertising for small Finnish tourism company in Russian internet : experimental study : Google AdWords versus Yandex.Direct
Pogue's basics : essential tips and shortcuts (that no one bothers to tell you) for simplifying the technology in your life
The joy of X : a guided tour of mathematics, from one to infinity
Google : how Google works
Work rules! : insights from inside Google that will transform how you live and lead
Googlization of libraries
Content-centered method for search engine optimization
The infulence of Google's ranking algorithm on search engine optimization  : SEO
Utilizing web analytics in website development process
Google app inventor for Android
Blog monetization using Google Adsense
Marketing mistakes and successes
Advanced Google AdWords
Power of Google : A study on online advertising exchange
Ultimate guide to Google AdWords
Google Apps : the missing manual
Platform for reporting illegal dumps : Trash Out
Google powered : productivity with online tools
Google power tools bible
Google business solutions : all-in-one for dummies
Professional learning in the digital age : the educator's guide to user-generated learning
Search engine optimization : your visual blueprintTM for effective Internet marketing
Dogfight : how Apple and Google went to war and started a revolution
Android forensics : investigation, analysis and mobile security for Google android
Search engine optimization : rank well in Google
Hacking Google Maps and Google Earth
Microsoft Office 2007 for seniors for dummies
Google  your family tree : unlock the hidden power of Google
M&A, cooperations and networks in the e-Business industry : focuced on Google, Yahoo, MSN, YouTube, MySpace, Facebook, StudiVZ,..
How to do everything with Google tools
Guidelines for starting Internet marketing in Russia
Modeling a Route Selection in the Virtual World
Data exchange between Asio calendar and other calendar software
Android application development all-in-one for dummies
The internship
Abstract: Development of Ajax web application using Google Web Toolkit.
Principles of marketing
Google secrets : do what you never thought possible with Google
The search : how Google and its rivals rewrote the rules of business and transformed our culture
The aim of the presented paper is to give guidelines for SMEs and marketers for the beginning of the Internet marketing process in Russia. For many SMEs Internet marketing is not used efficiently, often because of a lack of knowledge or interest. Russia is a unique market, and Internet marketing there is no exception. The focus of this paper is in Search Engine Optimisation (SEO), which basically is a process which increases a website's visibility in a search engine, such as Google or Yandex. The amount of reliable reference material in English is very limited. The author's experience in working as an entrepreneur operating in the field of Russian Internet marketing was utilized in this paper. Two projects are used as references – Artic-kaihdin Oy's Russian website and Gardiset Finland Oy's website. This study presents the features of Internet marketing and how they can be implemented. The special importance of SEO is highlighted, as Russia has its own search engine, Yandex. The dominant role of Yandex is evident, which is why SEO has to be done for Yandex. The SEO process for Yandex differs from that of Google's, although the basic principle is the same – make and put relevant content on the website. Internet marketing is highly measurable. Calculation of Return On Investment (ROI) is fast and simple. Measurements and analyses serve as the bases of successful Internet marketing. All features of Internet marketing can be suggested to most SME's if results of the campaigns are analyzed.
Web geek's Guide to Google Chrome
Entrepreneur magazine's ultimate guide to Google AdWords : how to access 100 million people in 10 minutes
Google Voice for dummies
Google SketchUp 8 for dummies
Ultimate guide to Google AdWords : how to access 100 million people in 10 minutes
The complete guide to using Google in libraries. Volume 2, Research, user applications, and networking
Google speaks : secrets of the world's greatest billionaire entrepreneurs, Sergey Brin and Larry Page
"Jack Welch's Straight from the Gut was once the essential primer for managers, but today's leaders need a new playbook. In HOW GOOGLE WORKS, Eric Schmidt and Jonathan Rosenberg distill their decades of working in the high-tech industry into a practical and fun-to-read guide for those who want to succeed in an ever-changing business landscape. The book offers how-to advice on strategy, corporate culture, talent, decision-making, innovation, communication and dealing with disruption. The authors explain how the confluence of three seismic changes--the internet, mobile, and cloud computing--has shifted the balance of power between consumer and corporation. The companies that thrive will be the ones that create superior products and attract a new breed of multi-faceted employees whom the authors dub "smart creatives." The management maxims are illustrated with previously unreported anecdotes from Google's corporate history. "Back in 2010, Eric and I created an internal class for Google managers focusing on the lessons the management team learned the hard way," says Rosenberg. "The class slides all said 'Google confidential' until an employee suggested we uphold the spirit of openness and share them with the world. This book codifies the recipe for our secret sauce: how Google innovates and how Google empowers employees to succeed.""--
Display contact informations and locations in Google Maps with Flash Lite 3.1
Everything I know about marketing I learned from Google
Get to #1 on Google
Going beyond Google again : strategies for using and teaching the Invisible Web
Beginning Google Glass development
IMS Business Solutions
Development of Ajax web application using Google Web Toolkit
The purpose of this thesis is to reveal the successful secret of Google. To describe this secret by using the coined word " Googlelization"; the word "Googlelizaion" was coined by me about 5 years ago, but at that time it was merely a funny concept to illustrate what the world will be in a foreseeable future. In order to visualize the concept of Googlelization, uniqueness, brand effect and "never turn idea into ideology" are the key terms to illustrate Googlelizaion, and how Googlelization obtain the amazing profitability. It is effortlessly to find brand effect in our business environment. Like Nokia is pragmatic and Burberry is noble etc... Uniqueness is more advanced, rarely to appear in business environment, because it is difficult to create something that competitors would not do it. The last one is "never turn idea into ideology". This is a philosophy concluded by my observation. In a certain extent, it could be one kind of uniqueness of Google. Nevertheless, uniqueness could be some kinds of ideology, so it is better to divide into 2 factors of successful measurement. Those 3 assessments are mere the factors and facilitators to seek the ultimate profit. Therefore, profitability is the ultimate metric to measure how successful Google is.
Android tablet application development for dummies
There are companies that create waves and those that ride or are drowned by them. As only he can, best selling author Ken Auletta takes readers for a ride on the Google wave, telling the story of how it formed and crashed into traditional media businesses, from newspapers and books to television, movies, and telephones. With unprecedented access to Google's founders and executives, Auletta reveals how the industry is being disrupted and redefined.
Google search secrets
50 ways to make Google love your website
Platform for reporting illegal dumps : trash out
The successful secret of Google : Googlelization
Who's afraid of the new Big Brother?
My Google Chromebook
The definitive guide to Google adwords : create versatile and powerful marketing and advertising campaigns
AdWords for dummies
The Google story
Google on the Go : using an android-powered mobile phone
In 1998, Moscow-born Sergey Brin and Midwest-born Larry Page dropped out of graduate school at Stanford University to, in their own words, "change the world" through a search engine that would organize every bit of information on the Web for free. While the company has done exactly that, Google's quest continues as it seeks to add millions of library books, television broadcasts, and more to its searchable database. Readers will learn about the business acumen and computer wizardry that started the company on its astonishing course; the secret network of computers delivering lightning-fast search results; the unorthodox approach that has enabled it to challenge Microsoft's dominance and shake up Wall Street. Even as it rides high, Google wrestles with difficult choices that will enable it to continue expanding while sustaining the guiding vision of its founders' mantra: Do no evil.--From publisher description.
Google power search
Planet Google : how one company is transforming our lives
Beginning Google Web Toolkit : from novice to professional
Google and the digital divide : the bias of online knowledge
Google analytics breakthrough : from zero to business impact
New business networking : how to effectively grow your business network using on-line and off-line methods
Google semantic search : search engine optimization (SEO) techniques that get your company more traffic, increase brand impact and amplify your online presence
Google web toolkit as modern Ajax framework for development of RIAS
A quick start guide to Google AdWords : how to get your product to the top of Google and reach your customers
The extreme searcher's internet hadbook  : a guide for the serious searcher
Search engine optimization : case company IMS Business Solutions Oy
Battle of the titans : how the fight to the death between Apple and Google is transforming our lives
Sams teach yourself Google AdWords in 10 minutes
Search engine optimization and advertising in social media : case: Total Sec
Programming Google glass : the mirror API
Management assistant's guide to information seeking
Publishing a blog with Blogger
Expert searching in the Google age
Development of a Helsinki travel map application
Google web toolkit as modern ajax framework for development of rias.
Search me : the surprising success of Google
The search : the inside story of how Google and its rivals changed everything
Abstract.  The aim of this bachelor thesis was to clarify the principles of successful online marketing practices and to identify the best suitable advertisement placement on a case blog as well as to conduct a traffic and keyword analysis. The theoretical part of the thesis examined the process of creating a free online business. The emphasis was on creating good keyword focused content, importance of organic traffic, and to understand the principles of contextual advertising on the net. The empirical study was done collecting advertisement performance data over a period of one month. Three different advertisement groups performed for ten days each. The purpose was to identify if there was significant changes in the click-through-rate of the advertisements.  Also traffic and keyword related information was gathered during the same time period as the advertisement performance tests. The research indicated that even though the placements were already done according to recommendations by Google there were significant differences between the best and the worst performing advertisement units.     The traffic related information suggested that most of the visitors arrive through search engines and some through referrals whereas, the keyword analysis revealed a very limited keyword supply through which the visitors find the blog.
Optimize : how to attract and engage more customers by integrating SEO, social media, and content marketing
Android and Mobile Forensics --  Android Hardware Platforms --  Android Software Development Kit and Android Debug Bridge --  Android File Systems and Data Structures --  Android Device, Data, and App Security --  Android Forensic Techniques --  Android Application and Forensic Analysis.
Google advertising tools
Aimed at information and communication professionals, scholars and students, Google and the Digital Divide: The Biases of Online Knowledge provides insight into the significant role that search engines play in growing the digital divide between individuals, organizations, and states. With a specific focus on Google, author Elad Segev explains the concept of the digital divide and the effects that today's online environment has on knowledge bias, power, and control ... Segev compares the popular search queries in Google and Yahoo in the United States and other countries and analyzes the various biases in Google News and Google Earth. Google and the Digital Divide shows the many ways in which users manipulate Google's information across different countries, as well as dataset and classification systems, economic and political value indexes, specific search indexes, locality of use indexes, and much more. Segev presents new social and political perspectives to illustrate the challenges brought about by search engines, and explains the resultant political, communicative, commercial, and international implications.
Google Apps Hacks
Mastering web 2.0 : transform your business using key website and social media tools
Evaluating the cost and performance of cloud on-demand services against in-house smb-virtualisation resources
Google Sites and Chrome for dummies
Android (operating system) : Open Handset Alliance, list of Android devices, mobile operating system, Linux Kernel, Google, Java (programming language), personal computer hardware, computer software, telecommunication
Search Engine Optimization for Flash
Googled : the end of the world as we know it
Google+ : the missing manual
Internet marketing bible for accountants : the complete guide to using social media and online advertising including Facebook, Twitter, Google and Linkedin for cpas and accounting firms
How Google tests software
The small business owner's handbook to search engine optimization : increase your Google rankings, double your site traffic-- in just 15 steps--guaranteed
Online user behavior analysis using _Google analytics : a case study on IT@ÅA website
Google SketchUp and SketchUp pro 7 bible
The Google model : managing continuous innovation in a rapidly changing world
Code in the cloud : programming Google App Engine
How to Increase Search Engine Visibility by Using Basic SEM and SEO Tecniques : Case: Voglia Oy
"Marketing professionals have relied on Hartley's book for 30 years to uncover the best and worst marketing programs. Invitation to Research suggestions allow readers to take the case a step further, to investigate what has happened since the case was written, both to the company and even to some of the individuals involved. Learning Insights help marketing professionals see how certain practices--both errors and successes--cross company lines and are prone to be either traps for the unwary or success models. Each chapter has been updated to reflect the latest information available about each case"--
Google hacks
In the plex : how Google thinks, works, and shapes our lives
The Googlization of everything : (and why we should worry)
SEO made simple : strategies for dominating the world`s largest search engine
