http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2294 breastfeeding
breastfeeding
Behaviour and physiology of lactating sows : associations with piglet performance and sow postweaning reproductive success
The cultural construction of childhood
Impact of birthing practices on breastfeeding
Weaning : what to feed, when to feed, and how to feed your baby
The role of diet during pregnancy and infancy in the development of childhood allergies and asthma
Child-spacing in tropical Africa : traditions and change
Breastfeeding special care babies
Counseling the nursing mother : a lactation consultant's guide
"Sweet Sleep is the first and most complete book on nights and naps for breastfeeding families. It's mother-wisdom, reassurance, and a how-to guide for making sane and safe decisions on how and where your family sleeps, backed by the latest research. It's 4 A.M. You've nursed your baby five times throughout the night. You're beyond exhausted. But where can you breastfeed safely when you might fall asleep? You've heard that your bed is dangerous for babies. Or is it? Is there a way to reduce the risk? Does life really have to be this hard? No, it doesn't. Sweet Sleep is within reach. This invaluable resource will help you sleep better tonight in under ten minutes with the Quick Start guide--and sleep safer every night with the Safe Sleep Seven sort out the facts and fictions of bedsharing and SIDS learn about normal sleep at every age and stage, from newborn to new parent direct your baby toward longer sleep when he's ready tailor your approach to your baby's temperament uncover the hidden costs of sleep training and "cry it out" techniques navigate naps at home and daycare handle criticism from family, friends, and physicians enjoy stories and tips from mothers like you make the soundest sleep decisions for your family and your life"--
Human milk fats and their dietary modification
Infant and child feeding and swallowing : occupational therapy assessment and intervention
Immunobiology of human milk : how breastfeeding protects babies
Parental influences and mothers' experiences on infant and young child feeding
Exclusive breastfeeding practices and influencing factors among mothers in Kokkola, Finland
Nutrition and lifestyle for pregnancy and breastfeeding
Childbirth, midwifery and concepts of time
Raising twins : the essential guide from pre-birth to young adult
Follow me mum : the key to successful breastfeeding
Breastfeeding review : professional publication of the Nursing Mothers' Association of Australia
Follow me mum : the key to successful breastfeeding / ed. Rebecca Glover
Pregnancy : the inside guide : a complete guide to fertility, pregnancy and labour
Protection, promotion and support of breastfeeding in Europe : a blueprint for action
Tiivistelmä: The gift of life! How to keep our precious little ones healthy" : health information booklet for mothers in Uzbekistan.
The art and science of midwifery
Attachment parenting : instinctive care for your baby and young child
Emotions in midwifery and reproduction
A big-bellied woman and her infant : pregnancy, childbirth and infant care in seventeenth-century England
What is best for my baby? : a literature review on breastfeeding promotion in Africa
Breastfeeding : a guide for the medical profession
Modern management of perinatal psychiatric disorder
HIV transmission through breastfeeding : a review of available evidence
Is breast best? : taking on the breastfeeding experts and the new high stakes of motherhood
The nature of birth and breastfeeding
Atopic vs. healthy infants in igA and mucin in faeces and mothersbrest-milk
Breastfeeding : a guide for midwives
Breastfeeding answer book
Weaning made easy : all you need to know about spoon-feeding and baby-led weaning - get the best of both worlds
Supporting breastfeeding mothers : a literature review
Vulnerability and the art of protection : embodiment and health care in Moroccan households
HIV and infant feeding : Guidelines for decision-makers
Rediscovering birth
Oxford handbook of midwifery
Introductory maternal-newborn nursing
Exploring the dirty side of women's health
How to milk by hand, how to feed from a cup
Breastfeeding : baby's choice
Antidepressant drugs in pregnancy and lactation with special reference to citalopram and fluoxetine
Militant lactivism?: attachment parenting and intensive motherhood in the UK and France
Breast is best
Giving breastmilk : body ethics and contemporary breastfeeding practice
Baby-led breastfeeding : how to make breastfeeding work - with your baby's help
The ultimate breastfeeding book for answers : the most comprehensive problem-solution guide to breastfeeding from the foremost experts in North America
Gentle birth, gentle mothering : a doctor's guide to natural childbirth and gentle early parenting choices
Genetic, prenatal and postnatal determinants of weight gain and obesity in young children : the STEPS study
Breastfeeding made simple : seven natural laws for nursing mothers
Teach yourself succeed at breastfeeding
Childbirth education : practice, research and theory
Breastfeeding made easy : your step-by-step guide to using the Miskin method
The womanly art of breastfeeding
Advances in food and nutrition research : volume 54
What to expect when you're expecting
Sweet sleep : nighttime and naptime strategies for the breastfeeding family
Comprehensive lactation consultant exam review
Breast is best : about mother`s milk, breastfeeding and early contact with the newborn
Breastfeeding and the importance : an education evening for foreigners in Kokkola
Truly happy baby : it worked for me
Touching : the human significance of the skin
Having a baby : a book about pregnancy and giving birth
The politics of breastfeeding : when breasts are bad for business
100 questions & answers about breastfeeding
Feeding practices and the prevalence of malnutrition of breast feeding infants in a community in Ghana
Feminism, breasts and breast-feeding
Eating for pregnancy : the essential nutrition guide and cookbook for today's mothers-to-be
Pregnancy and baby book
Babies  : the Mumsnet guide
The breastfeeding atlas
The year after childbirth : surviving the first year of motherhood
"Explaining the practical implications of new discoveries in 'life-course biology', Nutrition and Lifestyle for Pregnancy and Breastfeeding is an informed resource on factors that affect offspring development. The impact of parental lifestyle and behavioural choices influence not only fetal development and birth outcomes, but also postnatal development, yet guidance on appropriate diet, behaviour, and exposures during pregnancy is often confusing and contradictory. With accessible explanations of the latest scientific research, and clear summaries and recommendations, this book is a valuable and authoritative guide for all levels of health care providers. The authors provide an overview of the background evidence, highlighting the importance of lifestyle choices prior to and during pregnancy. In-depth discussions of nutritional and lifestyle factors that impact on pregnancy and offspring outcomes are based on the latest research and exploration of key scientific studies. Nutrition and Lifestyle for Pregnancy and Breastfeeding is a manual offering both scientific and clinical evidence to empower health care providers and ensure they have the information necessary to confidently care for prospective and new parents."--Publisher's website.
First-time parent
Apoprotein E phenotype determines serum cholesterol in infants during both high-cholesterol breast feeding and low-cholesterol formula feeding
Allergic sensitization and the role of breast feeding
Breastfeeding management for the clinician : using the evidence
Breastfeeding preterm infant from the delivery ward via NICU to home
Dr. Jack Newman's guide to breastfeeding : revised edition
Successful breastfeeding
Eating for two : the complete guide to nutrition during pregnancy and beyond
The complete woman's herbal : a manual of healing herbs and nutrition for personal wellbeing and family care
Assessment of caries risk in toddlers:a longitudinal cohort study
"After drawing its first breath, every newborn mammal turns his or her complete attention to obtaining milk. This primal act was once thought to stem from a basic fact: milk provides the initial source of calories and nutrients for all mammalian young. But it turns out that milk is a much more complicated biochemical cocktail and provides benefits beyond nutrition. In this fascinating book, biologists Michael L. Power and Jay Schulkin reveal this liquid's evolutionary history and show how its ingredients have changed over many millions of years to become a potent elixir. Power and Schulkin walk readers through the early origins of the mammary gland and describe the incredible diversification of milk among the various mammalian lineages. After revealing the roots of lactation, the authors describe the substances that naturally occur in milk and discuss their biological functions. They reveal that mothers pass along numerous biochemical signals to their babies through milk. The authors explain how milk boosts an infant's immune system, affects an infant's metabolism and physiology, and helps inoculate and feed the baby's gut microbiome. Throughout the book, the authors weave in stories from studies of other species, explaining how comparative research sheds light on human lactation. The authors then turn their attention to the fascinating topic of cross-species milk consumption--something only practiced by certain humans who evolved an ability to retain lactase synthesis into adulthood. The first book to discuss milk from a comparative and evolutionary perspective, Power and Schulkin's masterpiece reveals the rich biological story of the common thread that connects all mammals"--
"After drawing its first breath every newborn mammal turns his or her complete attention to obtaining milk. This simple act was once thought to stem from a basic fact - milk provides the initial source of calories and nutrients for all mammalian young. That truth, however, is only a piece of the story. Milk, it turns out, is an extremely complex biochemical cocktail. The authors of this fascinating book, biologists Michael L. Power and Jay Schulkin, reveal milk's ancient history and show how the ingredients of mother's milk have evolved over many mammalian generations. Power and Schulkin walk us through the evolutionary origins of the mammary gland and describe the incredible diversification of milk among the various mammalian lineages, culminating in a discussion of the history of humans and milk. Once the roots of lactation are revealed, the authors describe the long list of substances that naturally occur in milk. They discuss all of the biological functions of milk - functions that reach far beyond being a baby's first food. Mothers, it turn out, pass along numerous biochemical signals to their babies through milk. The authors describe how milk boosts an infant's immune system, affects an infant's metabolism and physiology, and even helps inoculate and feed the baby's gut microbiome. Throughout the book the authors weave in stories from studies of other species, explaining how comparative research sheds light on human lactation. The authors then turn their attention to the fascinating topic of cross-species milk consumption"--
Milk : the biology of lactation
Journal of human lactation : official journal of the International Lactation Consultant Association
Risk of low vitamin B6 status in infants breast-fed exclusively beyond six months
Supporting sucking skills in breastfeeding infants
Nutrition and child health
Silent nights : overcoming sleep problems in babies and children
Developing the guiding for non-Finnish speaking mothers in Salo maternity unit
The wisdom of the body : subjective involvement in a research project as research strategy
Behavioral and metabolic aspects of breastfeeding : international trends
In this book, a team of international contributors examine bodies, leakage and boundaries, illuminating the contradictions and dilemmas in women's healthcare. Using the concept of pollution, this book highlights how women and health issues are categorised, and health workers and women are confined to roles and places defined as socially appropriate. The book explores in-depth current and historical practices, such as: childbirth and midwifery practice; policies and social practices around breastfeeding; gynaecological nursing, female incontinence and sexually transmitted infections; miscarriages and termination of pregnancy. Addressing things out of place, from the idea of 'dirty work' to feeling 'dirty', from diagnoses that disrupt our self-image to beliefs and practices which undermine health service provision, this book uses the contradictions in our thinking around pollution and power to stimulate thinking around women's health.
Breast-feeding and reproduction : studies in marital fertility and infant mortality in 19th century Finland and Sweden
Selling mothers' milk : the wet-nursing business in France 1715-1914
Baby : the all-important first year
Women's experience of breast feeding
Breastfeeding for beginners
Vegan nutrition
Duration of breastfeeding and presence of childhood overweight at 3 years of age
Evidence for the ten steps to successful breastfeeding
Human energy requirements : report of a Joint FAO/WHO/UNU Expert Consultation : Rome, 17-24 October 2001.
Infant and young child feeding : challenges to implementing a global strategy
The porcine gastrointestinal epithelium : metabolism of glutamine for energy production
Pregnancy for modern girls : the naked truth about being pregnant
Knowledge, attitude and challenges of exclusive breastfeeding among primigravidas : a literature review
Feeding and nutrition in the preterm infant
"The gift of life! How to keep our precious little ones healthy" : health information booklet for mothers in Uzbekistan
Teaching students about culture
Maternity and bone
Breastfeeding : nursing your baby and introducing bottles
What is best for my baby : a literature review on breastfeeding promotion in Africa
Nutritional status and feeding practices of children in the Engela area, Namibia
A tender voyage : children and childhood in late imperial China
The breastfeeding answer book
Breastfeeding counseling in maternity health care
Weight gain during the first year of life in relation to maternal smoking and breast feeding in Norway
Breastfeeding, maternal smoking and lower respiratory tract infections
Myles textbook for midwives
