http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22929 ontologies (information management)
ontologies (information management)
Theory and Applications of Ontology: Philosophical Perspectives
Evolution of semantic systems
Representation and management of narrative information : theoretical principles and implementation
Knowledge organization and classification in international information retrieval
Phenomenology and ontology
Abstract in english.
Publishing and using cultural heritage linked data on the semantic Web
Foundations of the semantic web  : XML, RDF & ontology
On universals : an essay on ontology
Semantic Web programming
Spinning the semantic web : bringing the World Wide Web to its full potential
Parasitic order machine : a sociology and ontology of information securing
Project management ontology : the organizational learning perspective
Are trolls, bears and Sámis people too? : considering the mythic ethnography of Old Norse culture
Empty names, fiction and the puzzles of non-existence
Crisp, fuzzy and probabilistic faceted semantic search
Foundations of Semantic Web technologies
Treatise on basic philosophy. Vol. 3, Ontology, 1 : The furniture of the world
Metaphysics : a contemporary introduction
The existence principle
Formal ontology
The age of planetary space : on Heidegger, being, and metaphysics of globalization
Refractions of reality : philosophy and the moving image
Reusable, semantic, and context-aware micro-architecture : approach to managing interoperability and dynamics in smart spaces
Adaptive security in smart spaces
Modular ontologies : proceedings of the fourth international workshop (WoMO 2010)
Pervasive environments are physical spaces saturated with devices collecting data, controlling the environment, and interacting with users. These environments support human users in their everyday tasks so that the users can focus on their own tasks and access services and resources whenever and wherever they want. Such environments are also called smart spaces. Knowledge-based systems would enable realizing a variety of intelligent applications for pervasive environments. Generally, such systems recognize the situation in the environment from sensor data and utilize automated reasoning techniques to respond to the situation and the needs of the users.However, building knowledge-based systems for pervasive environments presents challenges. This dissertation focuses on the challenge of data and knowledge representations. Knowledge-based systems utilize expressive knowledge representations that are verbose and require sufficient resources in order to use them. Most devices in pervasive environments cannot handle these representations as the devices have limited resources for computation, storage, and communication. The main aim of this dissertation is to tackle this challenge. That is, on the one hand, pervasive environments demand data and knowledge representations that do not require many resources from the resource-constrained devices; and on the other hand, the representations should be compatible with the knowledge-based systems. Specifically, a general solution is required that enables many applications to use the same data with minimal effort from application developers.This dissertation presents a novel representation, Entity Notation (EN), to tackle these challenges. EN is designed as a general lightweight representation for data and knowledge. EN expresses entities, their properties, and property values. This structure resembles the triple structure of Resource Description Framework (RDF) and Web Ontology Language (OWL). Hence, sensor data in EN syntax can be transformed into common knowledge models in a straightforward manner and utilized with ease by knowledge-based systems. EN Schema is designed for transferring advanced knowledge models. Moreover, EN also offers an approach to shorten the format with templates and prefixes. This way, EN can be utilized by resource-constrained devices and environments. Our evaluation verifies that small devices can utilize EN to transfer data and knowledge to devices realizing intelligent functions, such as inference. Moreover, the expressive power of EN is comparable with the alternative representations. Finally, resource consumption is verified by prototypes. Based on the evaluation, we can conclude that EN can facilitate harnessing the full potential of pervasive environments.
Handbook of metadata, semantics and ontologies
Methods and applications for ontology-based recommender systems
Dynamic aspects of industrial middleware architectures
The question of being in Husserl's Logical investigations
Information modelling and knowledge bases XX
OWL : representing information using the web ontology language
Ontological reduction
Contemporary Aristotelian metaphysics
Ontologies, taxonomies and thesauri in systems science and systematics
Parts and moments : studies in logic and formal ontology
Methods for creating and using geospatio-temporal semantic web
The semantic web : real-world applications from industry
Data mining with ontologies : implementations, findings and frameworks
Crisp, fuzzy, and probabilistic faceted semantic search
Semantic web and model-driven engineering
Essays in logic and ontology
The semantic web explained : the technology and mathematics behind Web 3.0
Scientific research and ontology
Integrated Domain Model for Digital Rights Management
Linked data : a geographic perspective
Semantic Web : standards, tools and ontologies
Representing industrial data models in OWL web ontology language
Interface fantasy  : a lacanian cyborg ontology
Indexing : from thesauri to the semantic web
The elements of knowledge organization
On applying ontologies in workflows : ontology driven workflows for increasing flexibility and quality, and reducing production time and cost
The mind and its world
Web-based learning through educational informatics : information science meets educational computing
Towards semantic modelling of cultural historical data
Building trustworthy semantic webs
Taming big knowledge evolution
Digital information as a resource : potentials and threats
Towards national Finnish semantic web ontologies
Enriching cultural heritage : CIDOC 2012 Helsinki, Finland 10-14.6.2012 : abstracts & programme
Semantic Web for the working ontologist : effective modeling in RDFS and OWL
Bodies moving and moved : a phenomenological analysis of the dancing subject and the cognitive and ethical values of dance art
The originality of this book, which deals with such new subject matter, lies in the application of methods and concepts such as ontologies, taxonomies, and thesauri to the ordering of knowledge based on primary information. Chapters coverage includes: From Classifications to Ontologies; Taxonomy and Thesauri as Knowledge; Classification Systems; Thesauri Studied under the Thesaurus Theory; Thesauri in (Cladist) Systematics; Systematics Applied to Thesauri (Considering Them as Classification Systems); Thesauri in Systems Theory. Ontologies, Taxonomy and Thesauri in Information Organization and Retrieval will be extremely useful to librarians and those operating within the network of related fields, including documentation and information science.
Bridging data mining and semantic web
Materializing the web of linked data
Ontology
Possible-worlds ontology for semantic web
Cosmology, ontology, and human efficacy : essays in Chinese thought
A relational aesthetic
Descartes' punctum Archimedis : the primality and unity of being, the derivativeness of the generated dualities
An analysis of the terminology in the context of productization
The description logic handbook : theory, implementation, and applications
A semantic Web primer
Classification & ontology : Formal approaches and access to knowledge. Proceedings of the International UDC Seminar, 19-20 September 2011, The Hague, The Netherlands, organized by UDC Consortium, The Hague
Semantic agent programming language : use and formalization
Bradley's reductio of relations and formal ontological relations
Quality assurance in terminology management : recommendations from the TermFactory project
Ontology of technology : mobile technology in the Kathmandu valley
New foundations of ontology
Heidegger and the project of fundamental ontology
Information modelling and knowledge bases. 15
Communicative order in the age of information technology
Access, delivery, performance : the future of libraries without walls : a festschrift to celebrate the work of professor Peter Brophy
Ontological investigations : an inquiry into the categories of nature, man and society
Real beauty
Semantics-based access control in business networks
Heterarchial ontological commitment for leaders to stimulate creativity among virtual workforce
A developer's guide to the semantic web
Consepts for the construction of an ontology for knowledge sharing in cross-border networks
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
Technical artefacts : an ontological investigation of technology
Contributions to advance product data management systems (PDMs) : towards flexible graphical user interface and semantic oriented search for Web based PDMs
Summary.
Human ontology and rationality
Semantic knowledge management : an ontology-based framework
Composition of scientific words : a manual of methods and a lexicon of materials for the practice of logotechnics
Dialogue in the crisis of representation : realism and antirealism in the context of the conversation between theologians and quantum physicists in Göttingen 1949-1961
Information modelling and knowledge bases. 19
The postmodern and political agency
Virtual worlds, fiction and reality
Current state of ontology matching : a survey of ontology and schema matching
Semantic Web : the next generation Web
Project management ontology - the organizational learning perspective
Multilingual text generation from structured formal representations
"Aristotelian (or neo-Aristotelian) metaphysics is currently undergoing something of a renaissance. This volume brings together fourteen new essays from leading philosophers who are sympathetic to this conception of metaphysics, which takes its cue from the idea that metaphysics is the first philosophy. The primary input from Aristotle is methodological, but many themes familiar from his metaphysics will be discussed, including ontological categories, the role and interpretation of the existential quantifier, essence, substance, natural kinds, powers, potential, and the development of life. The volume mounts a strong challenge to the type of ontological deflationism which has recently gained a strong foothold in analytic metaphysics. It will be a useful resource for scholars and advanced students who are interested in the foundations and development of philosophy"--
From an encyclopedia of Iranian Folklore to an ontology of Iranian folklore
Fuzzy ontology for knowledge mobilisation and decision support
Indigenous film as a tool for developing and maintaining indigenous culture and identity : how do indigenous films and indigenous film festivals as non-governmental organisations develop and maintain indigenous culture and identity?
"This book provides an analysis and introduction on the concept of combining the areas of semantic web and web mining, emphasizing semantics in technologies, reasoning, content searching and social media"--Provided by publisher.
Ontology-driven software development
Connecting video games as a solution for the growing video game markets
An ontology of art
A fuzzy ontology : constructing a wine ontology with Protégé
"The next enterprise computing era will rely on the synergy between both technologies: semantic web and model-driven software development (MDSD). The semantic web organizes system knowledge in conceptual domains according to its meaning. It addresses various enterprise computing needs by identifying, abstracting and rationalizing commonalities, and checking for inconsistencies across system specifications. On the other side, model-driven software development is closing the gap among business requirements, designs and executables by using domain-specific languages with custom-built syntax and semantics. It focuses on using modeling languages as programming languages." -- Publisher's website.
Use of background real-world knowledge in ontologies for world sense disambiguation in the semantic web
Towards semantic modelling of cultural historical data.
Proceedings of SMBM 2008 : the Third International Symposium on Semantic Mining in Biomedicine : September 1st-3rd, 2008, Turku, Finland
Kritische Gesamtausgabe der Werke von Hans Jonas. Bd. 2, Philosophische Hauptwerke. 2, Ontologische und wissenschaftliche Revolution = Ontological and scientific revolution
Finding the concept, not just the word : a librarian's guide to ontologies and semantics
Towards a semantic web : connecting knowledge in academic research
On the nature of social and institutional reality
Plurality of thought
Semantic web for the working ontologist : modeling in RDF, RDFS and OWL
Proceedings of the 20th European-Japanese Conference on Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases, EJC2010 : Jyväskylä, Finland, May 31 - June 4, 2010
Advancing information management through Semantic Web concepts and ontologies
Programming the Semantic Web
An ontological framework and a methodical skeleton for method engineering : a contextual approach
Three essays on phenomenology and ontology
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
From the Ultimate God to the Virtual God: Post-Ontotheological Perspectives on the Divine in Heidegger, Badiou, and Meillassoux
Lightweight data and knowledge exchange for pervasive environments
Naturalism and ontology
Externalism in the philosophy of mind
AI approaches to the complexity of legal systems : models and ethical challenges for legal systems, legal language and legal ontologies, argumentation and software agents : international workshop AICOL-III, held as part of the 25th IVR Congress Frankfurt am Main, Germany, August 15-16, 2011 : revised selected papers
Semantic web for the working ontologist : effective modeling in RDFS and OWL
