http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22958 oxygen radicals
oxygen radicals
Studies on women's health
Mitochondrial superoxide dismutase induction does not protect epithelial cells during oxidant exposure in vitro
Oxidative stress in breast and gynaecological carcinogenesis
Differential effects of carbonic anhydrase III and tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase on intracellular radical balance
Neutrophil and asbestos fiber-induced cytotoxicity in cultured human mesothelial and bronchial epithelial cells
Leukocyte adhesion to endothelium in vitro and in vivo : role of vascular adhesion protein-1 (VAP-1)
Diet, microbies and gut immune responses in the pathogenesis of experimental type 1 diabetes
Toxicological effects of fine particles from small scale biomass combustion
Oxidative stress in skeletal muscle after acute exercise
Membranous core domain of Complex I and mitochondrial disease modeling
The role of oxidative stress in environmental responses of Fennoscandian animals
Fumonisin B1-induced DNA in rat liver and spleen : effects of pretreatment with coenzyme Q10, L-carnitine, alpha-tocopherol and selenium
Pro-oxidant activity of vitamin C in drinking water : role of copper, iron and bicarbonate
Antioxidants and the skin
Reactive oxygen species in inflammation
Multiple mechanisms of mutant SOD1 toxicity in ALS models
Role of CYBA gene polymorphisms in atherosclerosis
Plant ROS 2009, July 8-10, 2009, Helsinki, Finland : program and abstracts
Transcription factor Nrf2 mediated gene regulation and signaling in the endothelium
Oxidative stress and XIAP signalling in neuronal cells
Abstract.
Vascular dysfunction in diet-induced hypertension and obesity in mice : role of endothelium, reactive oxygen species and periadventitial fat
Glutathione : synthesis during development and metabolism in experimental hypertension
Non-small cell lung cancer : studies on pathogenesis, tumour targeting and treatment outcomes
Rescue of cleft thorax in Drosophila melanogaster by alternative oxidase
Insights into cancer-related effects of electromagnetic fields
Characterization of signaling mechanisms regulating cardiac contractility
Oxidative stress and cell adhesion in skin cancer
Skin is the largest organ in our body protecting us from ultraviolet radiation and xenobiotics. UV-radiation is a common cause of squamocellular carcinoma and melanoma of the skin that cause morbidity and mortality world wide. Reactive oxygen species are constantly formed by, for example, cellular respiration and UV-radiation, and they can readily react with virtually any macromolecule within cell structures causing damage to DNA, proteins and lipids. Oxidative stress (OS) is a homeostatic process that is dysregulated in cancer cells to their benefit. Nuclear factor erythroid-2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) is the main regulator of antioxidant response and it has been shown to be upregulated in various cancers enabling their survival and growth. By using immunohistochemistry we studied the change and prognostic significance of OS markers in melanoma from paraffin embedded patient samples. Nrf2 expression is increased in melanoma, associating with deeper invasion and a worse melanoma-specific outcome. In addition, epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition markers Slug, Twist and Zeb1 showed altered expression levels in relation to invasion and metastasis associating also with Nrf2. With the help of target inhibition molecules Vemurafenib and MEK-inhibitor CI-1040, In vitro study showed that BRAF- and NRAS-mutations might activate Nrf2. Furthermore, Nrf2-regulated antioxidant enzyme peroxiredoxin I showed decreased expression in malignant melanomas and metastases compared to benign naevi. Intriguing findings were made from the surrounding structures of melanomas e.g. loss of expression of an oxidative lesion marker 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine in adjacent endothelial cells associated with worse melanoma-specific survival. Changes in the expression of adhesion molecules claudins 1-5 and 7 were studied in the progression of cutaneous squamous cell carcinomas and preneoplastic lesions.Change in claudin composition can alter epidermal permeability and cell polarity.Efficiency of oncological treatment modalities is frequently based on oxidative stress damage. Nrf2-inhibition could offer the means to increase the sensitivity of cancerous tissue to oxidative insults and hinder proliferative and survival signalling. Later research should focus on the relation of Nrf2 with other signalling and observations made from the tumour microenvironment.
Biology of disease : generation and disposal of reactive oxygen metabolites in the lung
Free radicals in biology and medicine
The Keap1-Nrf2 system : applications in gene therapy and role in cancer
Regional generation of free oxygen radicals during cardiopulmonary bypass in children
Free radical reactions in the newborn infant : relationship to chronic lung damage
Cleft thorax in Drosophila melanogaster is a morphogenetic defect caused by specific mutations in the pannier (pnr) and ultraspiracle (usp) genes or genes that are components of the JNK pathway. Alternative oxidase (AOX) is able to rescue this defect in certain causes. One hypothesis is that the activator protein 1 (AP-1) could be affected by AOX. The rescue effect of AOX is connected to its capability to decrease reactive oxygen species (ROS) production. The objective of this thesis was to study the effect of AOX on the JNK pathway and cleft thorax formation in Drosophila melanogaster. The purpose was to analyse whether cleft thorax caused by the knockdown of hep, bsk, d-Fos or d-Jun in pnr-expressing cells can be rescued by AOX. RNA interference (RNAi) was used to knockdown different genes of the JNK pathway in pnr-expressing cells and induce cleft thorax in Drosophila. After knockdown, rescue experiments were carried out to test if AOX is capable of rescuing cleft thorax caused by the silenced gene expression. AOX was introduced into the knockdown flies by crossing RNAi, UAS/GAL4 and AOX transgenic fly lines. Here we show that AOX was unable to rescue cleft thorax caused by d-Jun knockdown. Flies with the d-Jun knockdown in the pannier tissue could not complete metamorphosis and died at pupal stage. The same phenotype was observed with in the presence of AOX. Thus, AOX could not rescue the cleft thorax caused by gene knockdown within the JNK pathway. That AOX is unable to rescue the defect caused by the knockdown of these components indicates that these components could be interacting with AOX. In the future, experiments should focus on measuring the level of ROS production, particularly in the thorax, during different developmental stages by using an indicator stain for mitochondrial ROS production. It would also be interesting to discover other genes affecting AOX rescue of cleft thorax through use of RNA sequencing.
