http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22923 misanthropy
misanthropy
World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance, [Durban, South Africa, 31 August - 7 September 2001] : declaration and programme of action
Ordinary vices
An analysis of hate speech in the context of the ECHR and the ICCPR : a comparative study in light of the speech act theory
Media freedom under the human rights act
The Book of Forgiving : the fourfold path for healing ourselves and our world
Minority rights, freedom of expression and of the media: dynamics and dilemmas
Girls on fire
Government of Finland human rights report 2014.
Dirty Rowdy Thing
Policing and human rights : eliminating discrimination, xenophobia, intolerance and the abuse of power from police work
Minority rights, freedom of expression and of the media : dynamics and dilemmas
BLOOD IN THE FACE : THE KU KLUX KLAN, ARYAN NATIONS, NAZI SKINHEADS, AND THE RISE OF A NEW WHITE CULTURE
The Oxford handbook of social exclusion
Anger, rage, and relationship : an empathic approach to anger management
The girl who kicked the hornet's nest
Crimes of hate, conspiracy of silence : torture and ill-treatment based on sexual identity
Homophobias : lust and loathing across time and space
Prosaics and other provocations : empathy, open time, and the novel
Raising Cain : protecting the emotional life of boys
Bloodworth
Nonviolent communication : a language of compassion
Ultra-nationalism and hate crimes in contemporary Russia : the 2004-2006 annual reports of Moscow's SOVA Center
A dinner of herbs. Part 1
The girl who played with fire
Why lose your temper?
New types of crime : proceedings of the International Seminar held in connection with HEUNI's thirtieth anniversary, Helsinki 20 October 2011
Despite their rowdy hookups, Harlow and Finn don't even like each other...which would explain why their marriage lasted only twelve hours. He needs to be in charge and takes whatever he wants. She lives by the Want-something-done? Do-it-yourself mantra. Maybe she's too similar to the rugged fisherman-or just what he needs.
Half the sky : how to change the world
Images of Germans and Finns in contemporary Finnish-language novels
The end of the affair
Social ethics : morality and social policy
Headscarves and hymens : why the Middle East needs a sexual revolution
International action against racism, xenophobia, anti-semitism and intolerance in the OSCE region : a comparative study
Apollo's song. Part 2
Hate
The reluctant fundamentalist
The girl with the dragon tattoo
Religious pluralism and human rights in Europe : where to draw the line?
Apollo's song. Part 1
Know your mind  : everyday emotional and psychological problems and how to overcome them
"This study of illicit sexuality in medieval England explores links between marriage and sex, law and disorder, and property and power. Some medieval Englishwomen endured rape or were kidnapped for forced marriages, yet most ravished women were married and many 'wife-thefts' were not forced kidnappings but cases of adultery fictitiously framed as abduction by abandoned husbands. In pursuing the themes of illicit sexuality and non-normative marital practices, this work analyses the nuances of the key Latin term raptus and the three overlapping offences that it could denote: rape, abduction and adultery. This investigation broadens our understanding of the role of women in the legal system; provides a means for analysing male control over female bodies, sexuality and access to the courts; and reveals ways in which female agency could, on occasion, manoeuvre around such controls"--Provided by publisher.
Words that wound : critical race theory, assaultive speech, and the First Amendment
Extreme speech and democracy
The harm in hate speech
Stolen women in Medieval England : rape, abduction, and adultery, 1100-1500
The dance of anger : a woman's guide to changing the patterns of intimate relationships
Violent emotions : shame and rage in marital quarrels
The forgiving self : the road from resentment to connection
