http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22977 myomata
myomata
Uterine leiomyomas : studies on etiology, ultrasound diagnostics and surgical treatment
MED12 : a novel player in uterine leiomyomas
The tumor microenvironment (TME) is critically important for tumor development. The microenvironment consists of fibroblasts, endothelial and immune cells as well as extracellular matrix (ECM), proteases and various other soluble factors produced by the cells. It is challenging to develop methods that appropriately mimic the human microenvironment, but this effort is essential in order to reliably elucidate the properties of potential anti-tumor drugs. The aim of this study was to create new 3D organotypic invasion models based on human tissue that would be used to study the effects of the anti-angiogenic molecules arresten and endostatin on tongue squamous carcinoma cells.The classic way to study cancer invasion has been to use a collagen invasion model that is created by mixing rat type I collagen, matrix produced by mouse EHS tumor cells and human fibroblasts. Our research group has developed a novel human myoma tissue based invasion model, which is composed of several different cell types and molecules that are normally present in the human TME. We show how this model is suitable for invasion studies, not only for oral cancer, but for other invasive cell lines as well.There are several matrix-derived fragments that have been shown to possess anti-angiogenic activity. Arresten is a 26 kDa fragment that is cleaved from type IV collagen and is known to inhibit angiogenesis, the formation of new capillaries and tumor growth in vivo. However, its effect on the tumor microenvironment in addition to endothelial cells has not been studied. We show that arresten also directly affects oral cancer cells by decreasing their migration and invasion as well as tumor size, invasion and angiogenesis in in vivo mouse xenografts.Another inhibitor of angiogenesis, endostatin, is cleaved from type XVIII collagen. It has been shown to suppress angiogenesis and tumor growth without toxicity or side effects in mouse models. Our studies show that endostatin directly affects tongue squamous carcinoma cells by reducing their invasion and spreading in organotypic 3D assays and mouse tumor models.In summary, arresten and endostatin are anti-angiogenic as well as anti-invasive molecules and therefore potential cancer drugs. They seem to have a direct effect on carcinoma cells making the cells less invasive. The myoma model allows us to study the effects of anti-cancer molecules with a new prospective.
Uterine artery embolisation for leiomyomas : magnetic resonance imaging studies and a randomised prospective comparison with hysterectomy
The microenvironment is essential for OTSCC progression
Analysis of cancer cell invasion with novel in vitro methods based on human tissues
Analysis of cancer cell invasion with novel <em>in vitro</em> methods based on human tissues
