http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2295 feeding
feeding
Chameleons
Comparison of part-time grazing and indoor silage feeding on milk production
The Professional handbook of the donkey
Because of the climatic conditions, the Finnish milk production research has focused to improve the utilisation of grassland, mainly as conserved forages. The main research areas have been ensiling, evaluation of the forage feeding value, predicting nutrient supply from grass silage-based diet and the effects of forage quality and concentrate supplementation on milk production responses. Due to changes in ensiling technologies and variety of forage crops new silage additives have been adopted. A centralized system for the analysis of forage energy value is based on NIRS calibration. It was calibrated against in vitro pepsin-cellulase solubility method that was validated against in vivo digestibility. The concentration of indigestible neutral detergent fibre was found to be a useful parameter both in empirical models predicting forage digestibility and mechanistic rumen models predicting the amounts of absorbed nutrients. Models predicting relative intake potential of forages and total diet were developed, and an intake model combining animal and diet effects independently of each other was developed. Using meta-analysis approaches a nutrient response model was developed for dairy cows for milk, energy corrected milk and protein yield.  Feed evaluation, intake and nutrient response models form now the basis of practical Finnish ration formulation system that can optimize diets according to maximum income over feed cost in addition to minimum feed cost.
Wrapped forages for horses
Tactical decisions of concentrate level, slaughter age and carcass weight of bulls of five beef breeds under Norwegian conditions
Feeding the dairy cow
Effects of and interactions between the extent of silage fermentation and protein and protein supplementation in lactating dairy cows
The ultimate birdfeeder handbook
Effects of variety, soil type and nitrogen fertilizer supply on the nutritive value of barley for growing pigs
Goat nutrition
The feeding of ruminants : principles and practice
Cattle feeding
Composition, ileal amino acid digestibility and nutritive value of organically grown legume seeds and conventional rapeseed cakes for pigs
The nutrient requirements of pigs : Technical review by an agricultural research council working party
Ruminant physiology : digestion, metabolism, growth, and reproduction
Browse leaves and pods as ruminant feed in central Tanzania
An ensiling experiment was conducted to assess the possibility for increasing the selenium content in grass silage by using a selenium-enriched silage additive, and to determine possible changes in the form of selenium during ensiling. Prewilted and precision-chopped silage was prepared from the second cut of timothy - meadow fescue sward in southern Finland. The additive treatments (6 g kg-1) were: control without additive, water containing 50 mg sodium selenate kg-1, and formic acid-based additive containing 10, 50 or 500 mg sodium selenate kg-1. The selenium content of the control silage was low (0.069 mg kg-1 dry matter) whereas the selenium content of the other silages was in line with the dose level of selenium delivered in the additive. The added selenate was detected only as selenate in the silages. Addition of sodium selenate to silage additive provided a controlled way to add selenium to the diet of forage-fed animals.
Microbial protein synthesis, digestion and lactation responses of cows to grass or grass-red clover silage diet supplemented with barley or oats
Estimated metabolizable energy yields of perennial and annual grass swards compared with those of spring barley and oat
Effect of anionic salts in concentrate mixture and magnesium intake on some blood and urine minerals and acid-base balance of dry pregnant cows on grass silage based feeding
Eco dog : healthy living for your pet
Nutritional value of yellow-seeded winter rapeseed cakes for growing pigs
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
Keeping chickens
Breastfeeding : nursing your baby and introducing bottles
Feeding and care of the horse
The effect of free or restricted acidified milk feeding of Finnish Ayrshire bull calves on the subsequent fattening and slaughter performance
Traditional sheep keeping on Estonian and Finnish coast and islands
Utilisation of reactive lysine from meat and bone meals of different ash content by growing-finishing pigs
Multi-step beef ration optimisation : application of linear and weighted goal programming with a penalty function
Performance of growing and finishing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation relative to a grass silage-based diet
Recent developments in poultry nutrition
Evidence for the ten steps to successful breastfeeding
The possibility of replacing soybean meal with mixtures of rapeseed press cake (RPC) and legume seeds in sow and piglet diets was evaluated in an experiment on 30 sows and their progeny. Group I (control) received standard feed mixture containing soybean meal as the main protein source, group II - RPC mixed with fodder pea, group III - field bean, group IV - blue lupine, group V - yellow lupine. Weaned piglets received mixtures containing RPC and legume mixtures. Considerable differences were found in amino acid composition of proteins. Differences in the apparent digestibility of essential nutrients were statistically insignificant. Sows fed with field bean and yellow lupine gave birth to heaviest piglets. After weaning piglets receiving field bean were characterized by the best weight gains. It is concluded that mixing rapeseed cake with legume seeds allows for the complete replacement of soybean meal in sow diets and for partial replacement in piglet diets.
Animal health, production and pasture
Comparison of different indigestible markers for digestibility estimation in turkeys and chickens
The study was conducted to evaluate an appropriate inclusion level of locally produced unprocessed or expander-processed coloured flowered faba bean (FB) (cv. "Kontu") seeds in diets for laying hens. Egg production and egg quality variables were determined with 560 hens (Lohmann Selected Leghorn, LSL Classic) in a 40-week continued experiment. The hens were fed one of the five diets containing soybean meal as the main protein source. A diet without FB was served as a control diet. Both unprocessed and expander-processed FB was tested either in proportions of 50 g kg-1 or 100 g kg-1 in the diet. Faba bean inclusion (control vs. FB diets) had no effect on the egg production rate, egg mass production, feed consumption, or feed conversion ratio, but it decreased egg weight (p<0.05). Dietary FB inclusion tended to increase the mortality of the hens (p<0.10). Faba bean processing had no effects on egg production parameters or hen mortality. Daily egg mass production decreased and feed conversion ratio increased when FB proportion increased (from 50 to 100 g kg-1, p<0.05). Faba bean inclusion had no effects on egg exterior quality. It can be concluded that 50 g kg-1 of the FB studied (cv. "Kontu") can be used in the diets of laying hens (LSL Classic) without negative effects on production performance or livability.
The objectives of this experiment with Hereford (Hf) and Charolais (Ch) bulls offered grass silage-based diets were to determine the effects on performance, carcass traits and meat quality of the proportion of concentrate in the diet, and the inclusion of rapeseed meal (RSM) in the barley-based concentrate. The two concentrate proportions were 200 and 500 g kg-1 dry matter, fed without or with RSM. The Ch bulls tended to achieve higher gain, produced less fat, had a higher percentage of meat from high-priced joints and had a lower degree of marbling in their meat compared to the Hf bulls. Dry matter and energy intakes, growth performance and carcass conformation improved with increasing concentrate level. Intake parameters and conformation improved more with the Ch bulls than with the Hf bulls as a consequence of increased concentrate allowance. RSM had only limited effects on the performance, carcass traits or meat quality.
Association between protein feeding and reproductive efficiency in the dairy cow : specific emphasis on protein feeding in Finland
Compensatory growth and carcass composition in lamb and rabbit : effect of feed energy concentration, restricted feeding and realimentation
Production and utilization of ensiled forages by beef cattle, dairy cows, pregnant ewes and finishing lambs : a review
Teach yourself succeed at breastfeeding
Feeding strategy for the high yielding dairy cow
Responses in the yield of milk constituents to the intake of nutrients by dairy cows
Changes in maize silage fermentation products during aerobic deterioration and effects on dry matter intake by goats
Studies on seasonal variation in testicular function in corriedale rams with special emphasis on nutritional effects
Effect of dietary protein on embryo recovery rate and quality in superovulated heifers
Horse nutrition and feeding
Milk production from silage : comparison of grass, legume and maize silages and their mixtures
Workshop on Protein Feed for Animal Production in Central and Eastern Europe : Rennes, France, 30 June - 1 July 2000
Effects of concentrate level and rapeseed meal supplementation on performance, carcass characteristics, meat quality and valuable cuts of Hereford and Charolais bulls offered grass silage-barley-based rations
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
Dietary preferences of weaned piglets offered diets containing organic acids
Nutrient requirements of mink and foxes
Faba beans in diets for growing-finishing pigs
Selenium supplementation by addition of sodium selenate with silage additive
Comparative nutrition of wild animals : the proceedings of a symposium held at The Zoological Society of London on 10 and 11 November 1966
Recent advances in feline nutrition : proceedings of a symposium held on June 6th and 7th, 1981, at Waltham Lodge, Pedigree Petfoods Animal Studies Centre, Freeby Lane, Waltham-on-the-Wolds, Leicestershire
Archives of animal nutrition
Consequences of hazardous dietary calcium deficiency for fattening bulls
Effects of dietary rapeseed meal and peas on the performance and meat quality of broilers
Feeding whole grain with pelleted diets to growing broiler chickens
Swine nutrition
Livestock feeds and feeding
Efficiency of microbial phytases on phosphorus utilization in growing-finishing pigs
Performance, carcass quality, and gastric alterations in fattening pigs fed additives containing formic acid either coated with sorbate or mixed with lactic acid
Dietary cation-anion balance and calcium and magnesium intake of the dry cow
The nutrient requirements of farm livestock. 3, Pigs : summaries of estimated requirements
Enrichment of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) in the eggs of laying hens fed pure isomers of CLA or vaccenic acid
Equine nutrition and feeding
Feeding sheep
Urea-molasses based supplements for multipurpose buffaloes
Proceedings of the XVI International Silage Conference : Hämeenlinna, Finland, 2-4 July 2012
Forage can potentially be food resource for pig feeding in the tropics. The palatability of silages by pigs may be better than that of fresh forage. Foliage silage contains more dry matter than green forage and has a pleasant smell. Thirty commercial pigs (47.0 ± 4.7 kg live weight LW), were used to assess the silage intake capacity of pigs when feeding the legumes Clitoria ternatea, Centrosema brasilianum, Cratylia argentea and the Brachiaria grass hybrid Mulato II. The silages were offered ad libitum as a supplement to a normal balanced diet based on maize and soy bean meal. A crossover design was applied comprising five treatments, Control and the four silage supplements respectively. Daily consumption of dry matter -expressed in g of DMkg-1 metabolic LW- were similar (p>0.05) for diets containing C. argentea, C. ternatea and the Control. Daily consumption of C. brasilianum and Brachiaria was significantly lower (p<0.001). In conclusion, C. argentea and C. ternatea silages have the potential to serve as feed supplement in pig diets.
This study aimed at comparing the behaviour of finishing bulls raised in an uninsulated barn (UB) and at pasture (PAS). In experiment 1, dairy bulls were housed in an uninsulated barn (two groups of five bulls, 32 m2/pen) or at pasture (groups of four and five bulls, 5000 m2/paddock). In experiment 2, Hereford bulls were housed in an uninsulated barn (three groups of four or five bulls, 32 m2/pen) or at pasture (three groups of five bulls, 5000 m2/paddock). There were no differences in drinking, social licking, butting, other social behaviour, self-licking or idling between the UB and PAS bulls. The UB bulls spent more time in lying, ruminating, oral explorative and manipulative behaviour and rubbing and less time foraging and walking than the PAS bulls. The UB bulls performed more social licking and oral manipulation of objects and less mounting than the PAS bulls. These differences resulted most probably from the different feeding regimes and different space allowances.
The effects of added glycerol or unprotected free fatty acids or a combination of the two on silage intake, milk production, rumen fermentation and diet digestibility in cows given grass silage based diets
The study was conducted to evaluate an appropriate inclusion level of white-flowered semi-leafless green spring peas in diets for laying hens. Egg production and egg quality variables (specific weight, Haugh unit, shell strenght) were determined with 576 hens in a 52-week feeding experiment, which comprised of three feeding phases. The hens were offered one of the four cereal and soybean meal (SBM) based experimental diets. Peas were tested in proportions of 0, 100, 200 or 300 g kg-1 in the diet. Pea inclusion had no effects on production performance, feed consumption or feed conversion ratio (FCR) of the hens during the entire trial. The pea inclusion impaired FCR during the second feeding phase (p < 0.05) and increased birds' live weight in a linear manner during the second and the third feeding phases (p < 0.05). Pea inclusion had no effects on egg quality. It can be concluded that at least 300 g kg-1 of the studied peas can be used in the diets of laying hens without negative effects on production performance or egg quality.
Looking after cats and kittens
An overview of silage research in Finland : from ensiling innovation to advances in dairy cow feeding
The objective of the experiment was to study the performance, carcass traits and meat quality of purebred Aberdeen Angus (Ab) and Limousin (Li) bulls and Ab×Li crossbred bulls offered grass silage-grain-based rations and raised to heavy carcass weights. The experiment included eight bulls in all breed groups. The average slaughter age for all breeds was 540 days and the mean carcass weights for the Ab, Ab×Li and Li bulls were 391, 399 and 439 kg, respectively. Significant breed differences in carcass traits and meat quality were observed. The Limousin bulls tended to achieve a higher conformation score, produced less fat and had a higher percentage of valuable cuts compared with the Aberdeen Angus bulls. The crossbred Ab×Li bulls produced better conformed carcasses and a higher share of the rounds compared to the pure Ab bulls which indicate that this type of crossbreeding can enhance beef production under the studied conditions.
Concentration and estimated flow of soluble non-ammonia nitrogen entering the omasum of dairy cows as influenced by different protein supplements
Objective of the study was to compare the composition and nutritional value of a winter brown- (BRC) and three yellow-seeded (YRC) cold-pressed rapeseed cakes as the components of pigs' diets, and to assess their effects on colonic bacterial fermentation and the relative weight of organs. In experiment 1, the standardised ileal digestibility (SID) of protein and amino acids (AA) of cakes was determined in 12 male cannulated pigs. Each diet was fed to six pigs during three seven-day periods. Ileal digesta was collected during the last three days of the period. In experiment 2, five groups each containing six female pigs with initial body weights (BW) of 20 kg were fed on diets containing BRC, YRC, or soyabean oil meal (SBM) as the main protein source. The apparent total tract digestibility (ATTD) of nutrients and growth performance were measured untill 60 kg BW was reached, and short chain fatty acids (SCFA) concentrations in the colon, as well as the weight of the liver, kidney, heart, and thyroid, were recorded. The main differences between BRC and YRC were found in higher content of fat and protein, lower amounts of fibre and glucosinolates (Gls), and higher ATTD of fibre in YRC. Protein and AA SID, ATTD of nutrients, total SCFA colonic concentration, and growth performance did not significantly differ. The chemical composition of the three YRC was not uniform, the greatest differences were found among the amounts of Gls. The relative weights of the thyroid and heart were greater in pigs fed BRC than in YRC and SBM diets. Thyroid weight was positively correlated with dietary progoitrin, alkenyl Gls, and total Gls, whereas heart weight was positively correlated with progoitrin and alkenyl Gls. It was concluded that winter yellow-seeded rapeseed is a better raw material for cold-pressing than brown-seeded due to having lower Gls and fibre content.
Dietary protein and carbohydrate modify volatile fatty acid (VFA) profile in canine faeces
Effects of physical treatment of barley and rapeseed meal in dairy cows given grass silage-based diets
Silage for milk production : proceedings of a Conference organised jointly with the Milk Marketing Board, held at Malvern, Worcestershire, 31 October and 1 November 1988
Proceedings of the general meeting of the European Grassland Federation, Lahti, Finland, June 8-11, 1992.
Performance, meat quality and litter quality were determined in 4000 male and female Ross 308 broilers fed on starter diet (soybean meal or rapeseed meal and peas) and grower-finisher diets based on either soybean meal (control) or substituting rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal and pea in different proportions (100/0%, 75/25% or 50/50%) for soybean meal in iso-nitrogenous basis. Performance of the birds fed with soybean meal diets was superior compared to that of the birds fed with rapeseed meal and pea based diets. Bird performance was the poorest and mortality the highest for the birds fed with the rapeseed meal grower diet. In this experiment birds did not reach performance target for the age and strain of bird. Overall, diet based solely on rapeseed meal protein is not suitable for broiler production. However, dietary rapeseed meal inclusion clearly improved fatty acid profile of breast meat. The omega-6/omega-3-ratio was 4.1, 2.4 and 2.7 for soybean meal, rapeseed meal, and rapeseed meal and peas based diets, respectively. There were no differences in sensory quality evaluation of breast meat between the treatments..
Lysine supplementation of barley wet distillers' solids diets for growing-finishing pigs
Aspects of the nitrogen metabolism and nutritional status of urea-fed dairy cattle
Muscle development of livestock animals : physiology, genetics, and meat quality
Barley fibre and wet distillers' solubles in the diet of growing cattle
Keeping parrots : understanding their care and breeding
Feed evaluation : principles and practice
Chemical and microbiological changes occurring during aerobic exposure of maize silages and their influence on dry matter (DM) intake and preference by goats were evaluated. Eight maize silages differing in DM content, chopping length and compaction pressure were used for the study. After opening, silages were exposed to air for 8 days (d). In 2-d intervals, silage was stored anaerobically for use in preference trials. During the experimental phase, each possible two-way combination of the five silages (d0, d2, d4, d6 and d8) and one standard lucerne hay, was offered as free choice to six goats. Generally, a significant decline occurred in DM intake after 4 d of aerobic exposure. After 8 d, mean decrease in intake was 53% in comparison to the fresh silages. Preference when expressed as DM intake was negatively correlated to silage temperature (as difference to ambient), ethanol and ethyl lactate.
The influence of raw grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) seeds on growth performance and biochemical and haematological parameters in the blood of grower-finisher pigs
Dried poultry manure as a feed ingredient for dairy cows
Use of semi-leafless peas (Pisum sativum L) with enzyme addition in diets for broilers
Nutritional influence on fat and protein composition of milk
Experiments in feeding different levels of protein, fat and carbohydrates to blue foxes
Apparent ileal amino acid digestibility and the nutritive value of the triticale cultivars Moreno and Ulrika for growing-finishing pigs
Phosphorus utilization responses of growing-finishing pigs to microbial and wheat phytase on barley based diets
Proceedings of the 5th Nordic Feed Science Conference, Uppsala, Sweden 10-11 June 2014
The nutrient requirements of farm livestock. 3, Pigs : technical reviews and summaries
Successes and failures with animal nutrition practices and technologies in developing countries : FAO Electronic Conference 1-30 September 2010
Impacts of winter feeding of reindeer on vegetation and soil in  the sub-Arctic : insights from a feeding experiment
Time budgets of finishing bulls housed in an uninsulated barn or at pasture
Tables of composition and nutritional values of organically produced feed materials for pigs and poultry
Feeding levels during the growing phase affect the production of primiparous Finnish Landrace ewes
Baby-led parenting : the easy way to nurture, understand and connect with your baby
Applied clinical nutrition of the dog and cat : a guide to Pedigree and Whiskas clinical diets in practice
Feeding value of grass ensiled with absorbents assessed in growing lambs
The aim of the present study was to examine the influence of raw seeds of grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) in feed mixtures for grower-finisher pigs on growth performance, and biochemical and haematological parameters in their blood, as well as on the weight of the liver and the kidney. The experiment was performed on 96 grower-finisher pigs of (Polish Landrace × Polish Large White) × Pietrain, weighing from 25 to ca. 100 kg. The pigs were divided into four diet groups. The feed compound of the control group contained extracted soybean meal. In experimental groups soybean meal protein was replaced by raw grass pea seeds in quantities of 50% in grower and/or finisher diet, and 100% in both fattening period. The use of raw grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feeds in finisher diet did not result in lower growth performance in comparison to the control group. However, the fatteners fed grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feedstuffs in both fattening periods revealed the highest feed and energy intake per kg of live weight gain, compared to the group feed grass pea only in the second phase of the fattening period. A higher share of grass pea seeds in the mixture led to weaker growth performance and carcass characteristics. Hypertrophy of kidney and liver was noted in the animals which were fed with raw seeds of grass pea amounting to 100% of protein feeds. Also, hyperactivity of ALAT, ASAT and alkaline phosphatase was observed in the animals' serum. No negative influence of applying raw seeds of grass pea amounting up to 50% of protein feeds in grower and/or finisher periods on the parameters examined was noted.
The diet board : a novel method of dietary restriction for laboratory rats
Metabolism and hindgut ecosystem in forage fed sedentary and athletic horses
Effect of breed on production, carcass traits and meat quality of Aberdeen Angus, Limousin and Aberdeen Angus×Limousin bulls offered a grass silage-grain-based diet
Thoughts on feeding
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
The nutrition of goats
The effect of ammonium ferric hexacyanoferrate on reducing radiocaesium transfer from grass silage to sheep
Trace mineral contents of grass and browses in Tanzania and its implication to ruminant feeding and reproduction
The effect of concentrate level and concentrate composition on the  performance of growing dairy heifers reared and finished for beef  production
The objectives were to determine 1. the behaviour of heifers at pasture or housed on slats, and 2. the effect of housing on behavioural adaptation when moved to pasture. Forty-five continental crossbred heifers were assigned to either housing on slats at 3 m2 head-1for 5 months (H), grazing for 5 months (G) or housing for 4 months, prior to grazing (HG). Lying and eating behaviour was recorded periodically for H, G and for HG post-turnout. Per day, G animals spent longer (p<0.01) eating and had a greater (p<0.001) number of daily lying bouts than H animals. While there were minor differences between G and HG animals in the 24 h period after turnout, there was no difference between G and HG animals in time spent eating, lying or in the number of lying bouts on day 1, 2, 3 or 10 post turnout. While abnormal lying behaviour was observed in 3 animals before turnout, there was no abnormal lying behaviour in HG animals by 48 h post turnout. The alteration in behaviour due to housing was not permanent.
Nutrient requirements of swine
Effect of anionic salts in concentrate mixture and calcium intake on some blood and urine minerals, acid-base balance and feed intake of dry pregnant cows on grass silage based feeding
Feeding routines for dairy cows : the influence of the feeding sequence and frequency on milk production, rumen fermentation pattern and eating behaviour
Raising rabbits. 1, Learning about rabbits : building the pens : choosing rabbits
Effect of anionic salts on some blood and urine minerals, acid-base balance and udder oedema of dry pregnant cows
The aim of the present experiment was to study the effects of (1) digestibility of grass-red clover silage (GCS) and (2) concentrate protein concentration on the performance, eating quality and economy of Hereford bulls during a six months pre-slaughter period, and reared in cold indoor facilities. Thirtyone bulls with an initial live weight (LW) of 289 kg were selected for a 2 x 2 factorial design experiment consisting of two primary growth GCSs harvested at different maturities (in vitro digestible organic matter (OM) in dry matter (DM), D value: Early-cut, E, 750 g kg⁻¹ DM; Late-cut, L, 699 g kg⁻¹ DM) and two concentrate crude protein concentrations (Medium, M, 170 g kg⁻¹ DM; High, H, 210 g kg⁻¹ DM). The concentrate comprised milled barley and pelleted commercial protein compound and was offered daily on average 3.2 kg DM, including 0.45 and 1.13 kg of rapeseed cake in M and H, respectively. Grass-red clover silage was offered ad libitum. The target cold carcass weight was 330 kg.The proportion of concentrate of the total daily DM intake averaged 0.337 during the entire experiment. Treatments had no effect on the daily intake of GCS, total intake of DM, DM intake kg⁻¹ LW0.75 and metabolizable energy averaging 6.0 and 9.4 kg DM, 97.4 g and 109.4 MJ, respectively. The digestibility of dietary OM and neutral detergent fibre was lower (p < 0.05, 0.733 vs. 0.769 and 0.625 vs. 0.665) on diet L than on diet E. The animals on diet E tended to consume daily on average 1.29 kg less (p < 0.10) DM kg⁻¹ net weight gain than those on diet L. The time to achieve the target carcass weight was on average 18 days longer (p < 0.01) on diet L than on diet E. During the entire experiment the LW gain averaged 1795 and 1609 g d⁻¹ (p < 0.01) on diets E and L, respectively. The concentrate protein concentration did not affect animal performance. Treatments had no significant effect on the kill-out proportion, EUROP carcass conformation and carcass fat classification which averaged 537 g kg⁻¹, 6.5 and 3.6, respectively. The eating quality of the tested loins was good. Treatments had only a minor effect on the yield of valuable cuts. It is concluded that the digestibility of silage is important since the early-cut silage improved the growth rate and shortened the finishing period of bulls significantly compared with those fed late-cut silage. The lower yield and, thus, higher unit cost of early.cut silage may, however, invalidate its superiority compared with the late.cut silage. There was no benefit from using concentrate of high protein concentration.
A practical guide to the feeding of organic farm animals : pigs, poultry, cattle, sheep and goats
The high rates of rumen fermentation, physical breakdown and passage rates from the rumen of legume silages lead to higher intakes than for grass silages of comparable digestibility. Although total tract digestibilities for legume silages and maize silages are often lower than for grass silages, milk yields are usually higher. A further benefit of legumes and maize is the reduced rate of decline in digestibility. Legume silages often lead to a reduction in milk fat concentration and increased levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids, 18:2 n-6 and 18:3 n-3. This latter effect is related to reduced rumen biohydrogenation as a consequence of increased rumen passage rates or the effects of polyphenol oxidase. There is quite a wide range of maturities (300 - 350 g kg-1 DM) that leads to maximum dry matter intakes and milk production from maize silage; milk production is reduced with immature or over-mature maize crops. Forage chop length exerts a number of effects, both in the silo and in the rumen, but effects on rumen function, feed intake and milk production have been inconsistent. The high protein content and high N degradability of most legume silages is associated with a low efficiency of converting dietary N into milk N, with a concomitant increase in urine N. Reducing N intake by inclusion of maize silage in mixtures with legume silages leads to a marked reduction in urine N without loss of production potential. It is predicted, on the basis of their chemical composition and rumen kinetics, that legume silages and maize silages would reduce methane production relative to grass silage, though in vivo measurements are lacking. Extensive fermentation in the silo reduces the amount of fermentable substrate, and reduced methane production in comparison with grass silage where fermentation had been restricted by high levels of acid additive.
Legume seeds and rapeseed press cake as substitutes for soybean meal in sow and piglet feed
The natural nutrition no-cook book   : delicious food for you and your pets
Composition, digestibility and nutritive value of cereals for dogs
Baby-led breastfeeding : how to make breastfeeding work - with your baby's help
Supply of nutrients and productive responses in dairy cows given diets based on restrictively fermented silage
Ask Pippa : all your horse and pony questions answered
Feed mix
Performance and meat quality of Nordic Red and Aberdeen Angus bulls offered faba bean or field pea based whole crop legume-cereal silages
Influence of pre partum and post partum plane of nutrition on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their progeny
Understanding the dairy cow
The objective of this study was to determine the effects of silage plant species (faba bean and field pea based whole crop legume-cereals vs. grass) on performance and meat quality of growing Aberdeen Angus (AA) and Nordic Red (NR) bulls. A 2×3 factorial design was used. The experiment comprised 30 AA and 30 NR bulls. Both breeds were randomly allotted to the three feeding treatments. The compositions (g kg-1 dry matter) of diets were: 1) grass silage (650) plus rolled barley (350), 2) faba bean-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350) and 3) pea-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350). The experimental diets were offered as total mixed rations ad libitum. The AA bulls grew faster, had better feed conversion rates and superior dressing proportion and carcass conformation compared to the NR bulls. Replacing grass silage by whole crop legume-cereal silages in the diet did not have remarkable effects on animal performance, carcass characteristics or meat quality..
Vitamins in the nutrition of fur bearing animals
The aim was to study the effects of dietary pea inclusion and the addition of Avizyme 1200 -enzyme cocktail on broiler performance, intestinal viscosity and organoleptic quality of meat. The experimental design was a 4 × 2 factorial, the factors being dietary pea inclusion (0, 150, 300 and 450 g kg-1) in the diets fed from day 9 to day 38 and the addition of Avizyme 1200 enzyme cocktail including amylase, protease and xylanase during the entire experiment. The growth of birds improved (p ≤ 0.018) with pea inclusion in a cubic manner. Feed conversion ratio (FCR) of the birds fed on unsupplemented diets improved along pea inclusion, while pea inclusion impaired the FCR on the birds on enzyme cocktail supplemented diets (p ≤ 0.006). The use of the enzyme cocktail improved the body weight, body weight gain and FCR of the broilers and decreased intestinal viscosity (p < 0.001). The organoleptic quality of meat was similar among treatments (p > 0.05). In conclusion, 450 g kg-1 peas can be used in the broiler grower diets without negative effects on the bird performance. The use of enzyme cocktail improves bird performance.
The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of different levels of rapeseed expeller cake (RC) in the diet of laying hens on egg performance, egg quality, retention and excretion of nitrogen, calcium and phosphorus, and metabolizability of energy. The experiment was carried out with 72 Bovans Brown hens, from 28 to 53 weeks of age. Experimental treatment consisted of four isonitrogenous and isocaloric corn-soybean diets (as calculated: 17% crude protein, 11.6 MJ/kg metabolizable energy, 0.81% lysine, 0.36% methionine, 3.60% calcium and 0.37% available phosphorus), containing 0, 4, 6 or 8% RC. The RC used was produced from double zero rapeseed and contained 29.3% crude protein, 17.4% crude fat, 10.8% crude fibre, 0.63% calcium, 0.97% phosphorus, 1.91% lysine and 0.84% methionine. During the experimental period, the dietary level of RC had no significant effects on egg performance and egg quality parameters. Boiled eggs from hens fed a diet with 8% RC were characterized by an inferior flavour to those from other groups. There were no treatment effects on nitrogen balance or metabolizability of energy, though the highest dietary level of RC negatively affected retention and excretion of calcium and phosphorus.
Nutrition and health of the gastrointestinal tract
Plant protein meals for livestock feeding
In vitro N degradability and N digestibility of raw, roasted or extruded canola, linseed and soybean
Forages for growing pigs : partition of digestion and nutritive value
Dog treats : the barktender's guide to easy homemade dogtails and muttinis
Physiology of digestion and metabolism in the ruminant : proceedings of the third international symposium, Cambridge, England, August 1969
This paper reviews the production of, and factors affecting the performance of dairy cows, beef cattle and sheep offered silage based diets in Ireland and UK. Digestibility is the most important factor influencing the feed value of grass silage and consequently animal performance. Each 10 g kg-1 increase in digestive organic matter in the dry matter (DOMD) increases milk yield of dairy cows by 0.33 kg d-1, carcass gain of beef cattle by 23.8 g d-1 , carcass gain of finishing lambs by 9.3 g d-1, lamb birth weight by 52.3 g and ewe weight post lambing by 1.3 kg, respectively. Factors influencing feed value of grass silage are discussed including harvest date, wilting, fertilizer management, chop length and use of additives at ensiling. Maize silage increases the performance of cattle and sheep whilst whole crop wheat silage has no beneficial effect. Advances in silage technology, has enabled the ensiling high protein forages, such as red clover, lucerne and kale.
Effects of winter feeding strategies with alternative feeds on the performance of mature suckler cows and their progeny
The barf diet : raw feeding for dogs and cats : using evolutionary principles
Principles and practice of feeding dairy cows
Bovine muscle glycogen concentration in relation to diet, slaughter and ultimate beef quality
Effect of feeding level and diet type on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their calves
Application of biotechnology to nutrition of animals in developing countries
Making and feeding silage
NJFs subsektion for pelsdyr
Feeding weaned piglets and growing-finishing pigs with diets based on mainly home-grown organic feedstuffs
Development Needs of the Dairy Farms in Kosovo
The voluntary intake in growing pigs of four ensiled forage species
Effect of anionic salts in concentrate mixture on some blood and urine minerals, acid-base balance and feed intake of dry pregnant cows on grass silage based feeding with high calcium intake
Effects of supplementary concentrate level and separate or total mixed ration feeding on performance of growing dairy bulls
Egg performance, egg quality, and nutrient utilization in laying hens fed diets with different levels of rapeseed expeller cake
Energy and protein requirements of ruminants
Use of semi-leafless peas (Pisum sativum L) in laying hen diets
Nutrient requirements of poultry
Looking after rabbits
Effect of supplemental vitamin E on the performance of growing-finishing pigs fed stored versus freshly harvested barley and on the storage stability and eating quality of frozen pork
Effects of microbial phytase supplementation and soaking of barley-soybean meal on availability of plant phosphorus for growing pigs
Concentrate feeding and milk yield based on field data of milk recorded herds
Sward and milk production response to early turnout of dairy cows to pasture in Finland
Effects of ad libitum feeding in lactation and the timing of its introduction on sow performance
The effect of housing on the diurnal behavioural profile of beef heifers
Exclusive breastfeeding practices and influencing factors among mothers in Kokkola, Finland
Digestibility and utilization of diets composed of wet distillers solids supplemented with liquid lysine for growing pigs
Annual and seasonal changes in production and composition of grazed clover-grass mixtures in organic farming
A randomised complete block design was used to study the effects on animal performance of (1) the increasing level of supplementary concentrate with grass silage (GS), and (2) feeding GS and concentrates separately or as a total mixed ration (TMR). A feeding experiment comprised 32 dairy bulls with average initial live weight of 145 kg. The feeding treatments were: (1) GS (660 g kg-1 dry matter intake) plus medium level of rolled barley (330) offered separately, (2) GS (660) plus medium level of rolled barley (330) offered as TMR, (3) GS (330) plus high level of rolled barley (660) offered separately, and (4) GS (330) plus high level of rolled barley (660) offered as TMR. During the experiment (398 days) the bulls were fed ad libitum either GS or TMR. The increasing concentrate level increased energy intake, carcass gain and dressing proportion of the bulls but had no effects on carcass conformation or fat score. TMR feeding had no effects on carcass gain, dressing proportion, carcass conformation or fat score but increased dry matter and energy intake compared to the separate feeding.
Use of faba beans (Vicia faba L.) in diets of laying hens
The N degradability and N digestibility of raw, roasted or extruded oilseeds were studied using an in vitro enzyme method. The N degradability and N digestibility of canola, linseed and soybean were calculated based on the proportional difference in N remaining after incubation and the initial N content. Heat treatments increased the undegradable N fraction of linseed and soybean, whereas that of canola was decreased by extrusion. Heat treatments did not decrease the N digestibility of the oilseeds compared to raw samples. The high N digestibility and lower acid detergent insoluble N values of heat treated oilseeds indicated no indigestible complexes were formed. In conclusion, roasting or extrusion can be used to increase the undegradable N fraction of linseed and soybean to increase the dietary protein availability for digestion in ruminants, but was less effective for canola. The present heat treatments did not damage the protein or affect the N digestibility of the oilseeds.
Raising rabbits. 2, Feeding rabbits : raising baby rabbits : further improvement
Nutrition of pigs and poultry : proceedings of the University of Nottingham : Eighth Easter School in Agricultural Science, 1961
Replacing grass silage with pea-barley intercrop silage in the feeding of the dairy cow
Effect of dietary crude protein and energy content on nitrogen utilisation, water intake and urinary output in growing pigs
Ileal and total tract digestibility of barley and oats in pigs and predictions of nutritive value
Effects of microbial phytase supplementation of a barley-soybean meal diet on the performance and bone mineralization of growing-finishing pigs
Yellow-flowered lucerne : properties and influence on performance and reproduction of ewes
The aim of this paper is to present the method and tool for optimisation of beef-fattening diets. Changes in policy environment and changes in costs of feed pose challenges for farm efficiency. We construct a spreadsheet from two modules based on mathematical deterministic programming techniques. In order to obtain an estimate of the magnitude of costs that may be incurred, the first module utilizes a linear program for least-cost ration formulation. The resulting value is then targeted as a cost goal in the second module. This is supported by weighted goal programming with a penalty function system. The approach presented here is an example of how a combination of mathematical programming techniques might be applied to prepare a user-friendly tool for "optimal" ration formulations. We report results that confirm this approach as useful, since one is able to formulate a least-cost ration without risking a decrease in the ration's nutritive value or affecting the balance between nutrients.
The nutrition of the rabbit
Effects of grass-red clover silage digestibility and concentrate protein concentration on performance, carcass value, eating quality and economy of finishing Hereford bulls reared in cold conditions
The effect of clinoptilolite on 137Cs binding in broiler chickens
The dog in action : a study of anatomy and locomotion as applying to all breeds
Effects of feeding strategy before calving on dairy cow performance
The barefoot horse : an introduction to barefoot hoof care and hoof boots
Omasal sampling technique in estimation of the site and extent of mineral absorption in dairy cows fed rapeseed and soybean expellers
Complete horse care manual
The importance of grass in profitable beef production
Effect of two microbial phytase preparations on phosphorus utilisation in broilers fed maize-soybean meal based  diets
Effects of gradual replacement of rapeseed cake with linseed cake in a grass silage-based diet for dairy cows
The nutrient requirements of farm livestock. 1, Poultry : summary of recommendations
Swine nutrition guide
Nutrition and feeding of fish
Effect of concentrate feeding strategy on the performance of dairy cows fed total mixed rations
This study was conducted to examine the performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation when compared to a grass silage-based diet. A feeding experiment comprised 36 bulls which were fed a total mixed ration ad libitum. The four dietary treatments were: 1) grass silage (600 g kg-1 dry matter) and rolled barley (400), 2) whole-crop barley silage (600) and rolled barley (400), 3) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (310) and rapeseed meal-based protein supplementation (90), and 4) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (330) and rapeseed meal + urea -based protein supplementation (70). Replacing grass silage with whole-crop barley decreased the carcass gain and carcass weight of the bulls due to lower energy intake. Protein supplementation either as rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal + urea of whole-crop barley silage based diets had no effects on animal performance.
Feeding affects reproducctive performance and reproductive endocrinology in the gilt and sow
Performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on silages made of whole-crop barley, whole-crop wheat, hairy vetch and grass
