http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22933 corpora
corpora corpuses
Perspectives on corpus linguistics
Genre- and register-related discourse features in contrast
Corpus Linguistics seeks to provide a comprehensive sampling of real-life usage in a given language, and to use these empirical data to test language hypotheses. Modern corpus linguistics began fifty years ago, but the subject has seen explosive growth since the early 1990s. These days corpora are being used to advance virtually every aspect of language study, from computer processing techniques such as machine translation, to literary stylistics, social aspects of language use, and improved language-teaching methods. Because corpus linguistics has grown fast from small beginnings, newcomers to the field often find it hard to get their bearings. Important papers can be difficult to track down. This volume reprints forty-two articles on corpus linguistics by an international selection of authors, which comprehensively illustrate the directions in which the subject is developing. It includes articles that are already recognized as classics, and others which deserve to become so, supplemented with editorial introductions relating the individual contributions to the field as a whole. This collection of readings will be useful to students of corpus linguistics at both undergraduate and postgraduate level, as well as academics researching this fascinating area of linguistics.
Corpus of Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture. Vol. 7, South-West England
Teaching and learning by doing corpus analysis : proceedings from the Fourth International Conference on Teaching and Language Corpora, Graz 19-24 July, 2000
Sociolinguistics and corpus linguistics
The aim of this new volume on collocations is twofold : on the one hand, it gives an overview of the most recent research on collocations ; on the other hand, this research is presented from a multilinguistic perspective, which allows the reader to obtain a more universal picture of the phenomenon. The first boom on collocation research was around the 1990s when there was an explosion of publications dealing with the extraction and retrieval of collocations from data bases. Today collocations are still a theme of tropical interest. New unexplored areas of research with questions and tasks that did not exist earlier have risen to the surface and are waiting to be answered and tested. Languages other than English have come onto the stage and are starting to develop their own innovative projects. In addition to the introduction, the eight chapters included in this volume deal with collocations in different languages : four Romance languages (French, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish), two Germanic languages (English and German), one Slavic language (Russian) and one belonging to the Finno-Ugric family (Finnish). The main areas of research represented are phraseology, lexicography and language teaching, areas which often overlap. However, some computational approaches are presented as well. The concept of collocation, as shown in the general bibliography, is not unified. Approaches are diverse. Methodologically, the use of corpus-based and corpus-driven approaches is dominant, but a more qualitative methodology is also applied and carefully explained. The reader has the possibility to observe that languages, even if they show different phases of research on collocations, walk on similar paths.
"Linguistically annotated corpora are becoming a central part of the corpus linguistics field. One of their main strengths is the level of searchability they offer, but with the annotation come problems of the initial complexity of queries and query tools. This book gives a full, pedagogic account of this burgeoning field.Beginning with an overview of corpus linguistics, its prerequisites and goals, the book then introduces linguistically annotated corpora. It explores the different levels of linguistic annotation, including morphological, parts of speech, syntactic, semantic and discourse-level, as well as advantages and challenges for such annotations. It covers the main annotated corpora for English, the Penn Treebank, the International Corpus of English, and OntoNotes, as well as a wide range of corpora for other languages. In its third part, search strategies required for different types of data are explored. All chapters are accompanied by exercises and by sections on further reading, together with an integral companion website that contains lists and guidance on contemporary annotated corpora and query tools"--
Corpus linguistics. Volume IV, Methods and applications
Corpus linguistics : critical concepts in linguistics. Vol. 6
Corpus Linguistics for Translation and Contrastive Studies provides a clear and practical introduction to using corpora in these fields. Giving special attention to parallel corpora, which are collections of texts in two or more languages, and demonstrating the potential benefits for multilingual corpus linguistics research to both translators and researchers, this book: explores the different types of parallel corpora available, and shows how to use basic and advanced search procedures to analyse them; explains how to compile a parallel corpus, and discusses their uses for translation purposes and to research linguistic phenomena across languages; demonstrates the use of corpus extracts across a wide range of texts, including dictionaries, novels by authors including Jane Austen and Mikhail Bulgakov, and newspapers such as The Sunday Times; is illustrated with case studies from a range of languages including Finnish, Russian, English and French. Written by two experienced researchers and practitioners, Corpus Linguistics for Translation and Contrastive Studies is essential reading for postgraduate students and researchers working within the area of translation and contrastive studies.
Scientific and technical translation : a coursebook
Corpus linguistics : critical concepts in linguistics. Vol. 3
Abstract.
Word frequencies in British and American English
Corpus of Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture. Vol. 6, Northern Yorkshire
Univariate, bivariate, and multivariate methods in corpus-based lexicography : a study of synonymy
Disciplinary identities : individuality and community in academic writing
Corpus of Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture. Vol. 9, Cheshire and Lancashire
Corpus linguistics : an international handbook
The manuscript-based diachronic Corpus of Scottish Correspondence
Corpus linguistics with BNCweb : a practical guide
Corpus linguistics : an international handbook. Vol. 2
Scientific and Technical Translation focuses on texts that are typically translated in scientific and technical domains, such as technical instructions, data sheets and brochures, patents, scientific research articles and abstracts, popular science press releases and news reports. In seven chapters, this practical textbook: Introduces readers to the typical contexts in which scientific and technical translators work; Shows how corpus resources can be used for terminological and phraseological research; Considers how translation technologies are employed in technical and scientific translation; Explains a range of technical and scientific genres and their translation. Including a wide range of relevant tasks and activities, examples from the most commonly taught language pairs and a glossary of key terms, this is the essential textbook for modules on scientific and technical translation and specialised translation.
Meaningful texts : the extraction of semantic information from monolingual and multilingual corpora
Current trends in research on spoken language in the Nordic countries
Corpus linguistics : readings in a widening discipline
The Cambridge handbook of learner corpus research
"In the last decade, the availability of corpora and the technological advancements of corpus analysis tools have increased dramatically. Applied linguistics and linguistics scholars have greater access to data from around the world and in a variety of languages through websites, blogs, and social networking sites, and there is a high level of interest among these scholars in applying corpora and corpus-based methods to other research areas, particularly sociolinguistics. This innovative guidebook presents a systematic, in-depth account of using corpora in sociolinguistic research. It introduces and expands the application of corpora and corpus approaches/tools in sociolinguistic research, surveys the growing number of studies in corpus-based sociolinguistics, and provides instructions and options in how to design and develop a corpus-based sociolinguistics study. Readers will find practical information on such contemporary topics as using the web as a corpus, megacorpora, and web registers. Vignettes, case studies, discussion questions, and activities throughout further enhance students' involvement of the material and provide opportunities for hands-on practice of the methods discussed. This complete and accessible guide to corpus-based sociolinguistics is a must-read for any student or scholar interested in exploring this popular and promising approach to sociolinguistic research"--
Translating Hitler's "Mein Kampf" : a corpus-aided discourse-analytical study
"Le monde" text corpus : year 1987 to 1992.
Corpus-based studies in language use, language learning, and language documentation
Using the Dictionary of Old English Corpus for linguistic analyses : a basic classification of the textual sources
Using corpora and databases in translation : proceedings of the conference held on 14th November 2003 in Portsmouth
Documenting the emergence of the BATMAT corpus
Variation and change in spoken and written discourse : perspectives from corpus linguistics
Changes in English longbow terminology from Roger Ascham to the nineteenth century
Corpus linguistics : critical concepts in linguistics. Vol. 4
Register variation in Indian English
Variation in the progressive : a corpus-based study into world Englishes
Using corpora in discourse analysis
Annotating variational space over time
Change in contemporary English : a grammatical study
Corpus perspectives on patterns of lexis
Harrowing experience in war zone : sister of Garfield man tells of flight of herself and family from the Cossacks when they invaded East Prussia
This handbook introduces the field of corpus phonology: the employment of purpose-built phonologically annotated spoken language corpora for studying a wide range of phonological and phonetic phenomena. These include speakers' and listeners' acquisition and knowledge of the sound system of their native language and foreign languages as well as the laws underlying those systems. The field of corpus phonology combines methods and theoretical approaches from phonology, both diachronic and synchronic, phonetics, corpus linguistics, speech technology, information technology and computer science, mathematics, and statistics. The book is divided into four parts: the first deals with the design characteristics, creation, transcription, exploitation, and archiving of phonological corpora; the second presents current corpus-based research in phonetics, phonology, language variation, and language acquisition. In Part III, the most widely used tools for corpus compilation and exploitation are introduced, and Part IV contains descriptions of ten currently available phonological corpora in various languages.
Diffusion and change in early middle English : methodological and theoretical implications from the LAEME corpus of tagged texts
What kind of corpus annotation is needed in sociopragmatic research?
Corpus of Soqotri oral literature. Volume 1
Translation-driven corpora corpus resources for descriptive and applied translation studies
Corpus linguistics : critical concepts in linguistics
Comparing English worldwide : the international corpus of English
Corpus-based research in applied linguistics : studies in honor of Doug Biber
Manual to the Corpus of Scottish Correspondence (CSC)
Based on the systematic analysis of large amounts of computer-readable text, this book shows how the English language has been changing in the recent past, often in unexpected and previously undocumented ways. The study is based on a group of matching corpora, known as the 'Brown family' of corpora, supplemented by a range of other corpus materials, both written and spoken, drawn mainly from the later twentieth century. Among the matters receiving particular attention are the influence of American English on British English, the role of the press, the 'colloquialization' of written English, and a wide range of grammatical topics, including the modal auxiliaries, progressive, subjunctive, passive, genitive and relative clauses. These subjects build an overall picture of how English grammar is changing, and the linguistic and social factors that are contributing to this process.
Discourse on the move : using corpus analysis to describe discourse structure
A mosaic of corpus linguistics : selected approaches
C-ORAL-ROM : integrated reference corpora for spoken Romance languages
Transliteration between spoken language corpora : moving between Danish BySoc and Swedish GSLC
This volume provides a full analytical catalogue of all known pre-Norman sculpture from this region. As little documentary evidence survives from the area, the sculpture is vital to understanding the early development of the Church, the shifting relationships between communities, and the ways in which political affiliations gave access to a variety of cultural centers across England, Ireland, mainland Europe and Scandinavia. Among the significant carvings are the crosses at Sandbach with their elaborate figural sculpture and the delicate carvings from Halton and Hornby in the Lune valley. Much of the work is of the 10th- and 11th-century Viking period, and shows an intriguing mixture of Scandinavian-derived motifs alongside Christian iconography. Introductory chapters set the material within its historical, topographical and art-historical context.
Quantitative corpus linguistics with R : a practical introduction
Introduction to paremiology : a comprehensive guide to proverb studies
Corpus presenter : software for language analysis with a manual and A Corpus of Irish English as sample data
Happiness and joy in corpus contexts : a cognitive semantic analysis
Svensk sammanfattning: Dokumentation om uppkomsten av the BATMAT corpus.
Coordinated verb pairs in texts
Corpus-based translation studies : research and applications
Specialisation and variation in language corpora
Corpus-linguistic applications : current studies, new directions
Changes in the field of obligation and necessity in contemporary British English : a corpus-based sociolinguistic study of semi-modal NEED TO
Corpus linguistics. Volume III, Varieties
A corpus of formal British English speech : the Lancaster/IBM spoken English corpus
Creating and using English language corpora : papers from the Fourteenth International Conference on English Language Research on Computerized Corpora, Zürich 1993
Warning: system overload : variation and change in English adjective comparison from hippie age to internet age
Collocations cross-linguistically : corpora, dictionaries and language teaching
English computer corpora : selected papers and research guide
Multilingual corpora and multilingual corpus analysis
Cross-linguistic corpora for the study of translations : insights from the language pair English-German
Introducing pragmatics in use
Corpus-based sociolinguistics : a guide for students
This latest Corpus volume completes the cataloguing of the stone sculptures of Yorkshire, including pieces of the highest quality, and boosts our understanding of the artistic development of southern Northumbria in the Anglo-Saxon and Viking periods.
Computational linguistics in the Netherlands 2001 : selected papers from the twelfth CLIN Meeting
Grammatical change in English world-wide
Introduction
Ecolingua : the role of e-corpora in translation and language learning
Corpus linguistics. Volume I, Lexical studies
Word-formation of zoonosis terms-names of diseases transmitted from animals to men
The Routledge handbook of corpus linguistics
Corpora and language teaching
"Self-discipline strategies were easy to design but difficult to adhere to" : a usage-based study of the tough construction in English
Modelling the structure of a multimodal artefact
A corpus of English conversation
The origins of learner corpus research go back to the late 1980s when large electronic collections of written or spoken data started to be collected from foreign/second language learners, with a view to advancing our understanding of the mechanisms of second language acquisition and developing tailor-made pedagogical tools. Engaging with the interdisciplinary nature of this fast-growing field, The Cambridge Handbook of Learner Corpus Research explores the diverse and extensive applications of learner corpora, with 27 chapters written by internationally renowned experts. This comprehensive work is a vital resource for students, teachers and researchers, offering fresh perspectives and a unique overview of the field. With representative studies in each chapter which provide an essential guide on how to conduct learner corpus research in a wide range of areas, this work is a cutting-edge account of learner corpus collection, annotation, methodology, theory, analysis and applications.
Corpus linguistics and linguistically annotated corpora
Corpus use and translating : corpus use for learning to translate and learnig corpus use to translate
Corpus linguistics : applications for the study of English
Academic spoken English : a corpus-based guide to lectures, presentations, seminars and tutorials
This book reflects the growing influence of corpus linguistics in a variety of areas such as lexicography, translation studies, genre analysis, and language teaching. The book is divided into two sections, the first on monolingual corpora and the second addressing multilingual corpora. The range of languages covered includes English, French and German, but also Chinese and some of the less widely known and less widely explored central and eastern European language. The chapters discuss: the relationship between methodology and theory the importance of computers for linking textual.
The tagged LOB corpus : users' manual
Kieli oppimisessa = Language in learning
A corpus of consecutive interpreting : comprising Danish, Dutch, English, French, German and Italian
Containing a catalogue of sculpture from the historic counties of Devon, Dorset, Somerset, and Wiltshire, this work provides a perspective on the artistic achievement of the late Saxon kingdom. It includes individual pieces of quality such as the Bradford-on-Avon and Winterbourne Steepleton angels and the figures from Congresbury.
Advances in discourse studies
Alzheimer talk, text, and context : enhancing communication
Frequency analysis of English vocabulary and grammar : based on the LOB corpus. Vol. 1, Tag frequencies and word frequencies
Methods of approaching the study of discourse have developed rapidly in the last ten years, influenced by a growing interdisciplinary spirit among linguistics and anthropology, sociology, cognitive and cultural psychology and cultural studies, as well as among established sub-fields within linguistics itself. Among the more recent developments are an increasing 'critical' turn in discourse analysis, a growing interest in historical, ethnographic and corpus-based approaches to discourse, more concern with the social contexts in which discourse occurs, the social actions that it is used to take and the identities that are constructed through it, as well as a revaluation of what counts as 'discourse' to include multi-modal texts and interaction. Advances in Discourse Studies brings together contributions from leading scholars in the field, investigating the historical and theoretical relationships between new advances in discourse studies and pointing towards new directions for the future of the discipline. Featuring discussion questions, classroom projects and recommended readings at the end of each section, as well as case studies illustrating each approach discussed, this is an invaluable resource for students of interdisciplinary discourse analysis.
Lexical priming in spoken English usage
Frequency analysis of English vocabulary and grammar : based on the LOB corpus. Vol. 2, Tag combinations and word combinations
Medieval lord : a diachcronic study of dryhten and hlaford in Old and Middle English
Corpus-based analysis and diachronic linguistics
Corpus linguistics : critical concepts in linguistics. Vol. 2
Lexis and creativity in translation : a corpus-based study
Corpus linguistics : critical concepts in linguistics. Vol. 5
Computational linguistics in the Netherlands 2002 : selected papers from the thirteenth CLIN Meeting
Text, discourse, and corpora : theory and analysis
Corpus linguistics for translation and contrastive studies : a guide for research
Investigating English as a Lingua Franca with a spoken corpus
Methods in cognitive linguistics
Non-standard data sources in corpus-based research
Dictionary of old English corpus in electronic form
University language : a corpus-based study of spoken and written registers
Insight into the Slovak and Czech corpus linguistics
Current trends in research on spoken language in the Nordic countries. Volume 2
"Corpus Linguistics is becoming an increasingly important branch of language research and interest has spread noticeably beyond the confines of academia, fuelled by applications like text predicting software. The idea of priming in language goes back to the early 1960s with the concept of a 'Teachable Language Comprehender', which started experiments into language processing and which inspired one of Google's chief engineers. The concept of Lexical Priming (Hoey: 2005) aims to supply answers as to how we can explain word choices and construction forms that are more frequent than laws of probability would allow. This book provides a range of arguments to support the validity of Lexical Priming as a linguistic theory, while it also extends the reach of what Lexical Priming has been used to describe. Beyond the written-text material originally used, this book provides evidence that lexical priming also applies to everyday spoken conversations as its psychological foundations predict that it should"--
Disciplinary Identities uses findings from corpus research to present fascinating insights into the relationship between author identity and disciplinarity in academic writing. Ken Hyland draws on a number of sources to explore how authors convey aspects of their identities within the constraints placed upon them by their disciplines' rhetorical conventions. He promotes corpus methods as important tools in identity research, demonstrating the effectiveness of keyword and collocation analysis in highlighting both the norms of a particular genre and an author's idiosyncratic choices.
The Oxford handbook of corpus phonology
Corpus methods for semantics : quantitative studies in polysemy and synonymy
Corpora in translation : a practical guide
Corpora, language, teaching, and resources: from theory to practice
Comparable corpora in cross-language information retrieval
This handbook provides an up-to-date survey of corpus linguistics. Spoken, written, and multimodal corpora serve as the bases for quantitative and qualitative research on many issues of linguistic interest. The two volumes together comprise 61 articles by renowned experts from around the world. They sketch the history of corpus linguistics and its relationship with neighbouring disciplines, show its potential, discuss its problems, and describe various methods of collecting, annotating, and searching corpora, as well as processing corpus data. Key features include up-to-date and complete handbook that features both an overview and detailed discussions. It gathers together a great number of experts.
The International Corpus of English is a unique linguistic and sociolinguistic project. When complete it will consist of fifteen or more parallel corpora of spoken and written English drawn from countries where English is either a majority first language or an official second language.
Corpus linguistics. Volume II, Grammar
Linking form and meaning : studies on selected control patterns in recent English
Corpus of Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture. Vol. 8, Western Yorkshire
Towards multimedia in corpus studies : introduction
