http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22960 exchange students
exchange students
Changes in the food habits of Chinese students after migration to Helsinki, Finland
Abstract: Tutoring Finnish exchange students in Zambia  - experiences of clinical tutors. The purpose of this descriptive study was to explore the experiences of clinical tutors that were involved with tutoring  incoming international exchange students from Finland in Zambia, and to find out what their views are on the  development of clinical tutoring in their own institutions by using the following research Questions: 1) What kind of  experiences do the teachers/tutors have while tutoring foreign exchange students in the university teaching hospitals? 2)  What issues are related to these experiences? 3) What kind of development challenges do they identify for future tutoring  of Finnish exchange students in their institution?  The participants were five clinical teachers and nurse tutors who were employed by the Lusaka School of Nursing, and  who were involved with the tutoring of incoming exchange students from Finland. Themed interviews took place and  were digitally recorded on the premises of the Lusaka School of Nursing and the University Teaching Hospital. The  interviews were transcribed and the data was analysed with the content analysis method. The theoretical background of  this study was based on a nursing research methods text book.  There were three main themes that surfaced from the data. The first theme was Experiences of the Participants while  Tutoring Finnish Exchange Students, with the sub themes: Behaviour and Attitudes, Interaction and Language Barrier,  and Living Arrangements. The second theme was Issues Related to the Participant's Experience, with the sub themes:  The Working Environment, Planning the Schedule and Clinical Supervision, Clinical Instruction, Counselling, and  Specific Issues that have Srisen from Previous Exchanges. The third theme was Development Challenges with the sub  themes: Present and Desired Outcomes, Desired Changes and Desired Outcomes of Research and Development.  The experiences of the participants while tutoring Finnish exchange students were: that the students often had a good  attitude towards work and cooperation, were willing to learn and worked independently, and the language barrier  sometimes affected interaction. Issues related to these experiences were concerns about the safety and coping abilities of  the students in the work environment. Specific issues that were mentioned about past exchanges were the rural  experience, ethical issues in participating in deliveries in the labour ward, and challenges concerning students' visa  applications. The developmental challenges brought up by the participants were: Suggestions on how to improve the  exchange programme, desires to continue the programme, and to learn more about research and development.  Participants desired more dissemination of projects and research findings within their institution.
Chinese students' perceptions of cooperative learning in Finland
Assessing the information and communication technology skills of exchange students
Midterms, Montreal and FC Venus
Vietnamese overseas students' expectation recruitment agencies in home country
The challenge of culture in student exchange : case H.O.T.E.L. Atlantis, first cohort
Genaration mobility : results of ESNSurvey '07
Feel the Finnish winter : free time activities for the Erasmus IP students
Impressions of Kyrgyzstan: young Europeans facing otherness
Student mobility and narrative in Europe : the new strangers
Clinical Practice At Ward A3, Hatanpää : An Orientation Guide for Nursing Exchange Students
Finnish exchange students abroad : puzzling intercultural communication situations
Wellbeing and Health Promotion of Exchange Students at Tampere University of Applied Sciences : An Orientation Booklet on Health Promotion
Understanding factors contributing to the academic engagement of international university students
Using education fairs to recruit international students
Depression among international students
OPTIMISING THE WEB-PAGES CONCERNING THE INCOMING EXCHANGE STUDENTS TO KYMENLAAKSO UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCES
Integrating foreign students into Finnish society : case: Welcome to Tampere
Erasmus exchange students : A behind-the-scenes view into an ELF community of practice
Responsibility is constant
Experience Exchange : a guide to the Lahti Institute of Design and Fine Arts for the Exchange Students
Crossing customs : international students write on U.S. college life and culture
Tutoring Finnish exchange students in Zambia : experiences of clinical tutors
Survival kit for exchange students at Salo campus
Relationship between intercultural friendship networks and homesickness level of international degree students at a Finnish university
This study examines the possibilities of TKK's international degree students to find a job in Finland after their studies. The main purpose of this study is to improve TKK's cultural communication in terms of work life preparation for international degree students and to analyze their proficiency in the Finnish labour market. The primary research question of this study is: How can the job hunting process for international TKK students be improved? Secondary questions include: What strengths and weaknesses do international employees bring to an organization? How can they use their strengths to convince employers that they are potentially good employees? How can TKK's Career Services for international students be improved?    Altogether 14 persons contributed to this research process - three persons from TKK's personnel, nine international students and two company personnel. The data gathering process was carried out by using structured interviews and online questionnaires. The interviewees from TKK are all involved in the internationalization process at TKK, the students are international students currently studying at TKK and company personnel belongs to companies who are usually contacted by TKK on employment issues. The theoretical framework was based on a handbook of modern communication theory by Crowley & Mitchell. According to the research the Internet is the best means of communicating to students. It is reliable and can be easily updated. Information should be given to the students in a diplomatic and honest manner. It is important to inform them tactfully about their strengths and weaknesses by encouraging them to utilize the former as a benefit for the employer and to see the latter as a challenge that they can learn from. In this way they gain confidence and awareness, which helps them to convince employers of their uniqueness and cultural knowledge, which are things needed for modern companies operating on an international level.
Teaching in transnational higher education : enhancing learning for offshore international students
Foreign degree students, a potential resource
Alcohol use among international students in Lapland
Global perspectives and local challenges surrounding international student mobility
To survive, you have to adjust : study abroad as a process of learning intercultural competence in nursing
International tutor's handbook
Developing a conceptual model to study the international student market
Feel the Finnish winterfree time activities for the Erasmus IP students /
"I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together..."
Internationalization : A Resource for Successful Regional Development : Laurea University of Applied Sciences International Students’ role in the Triple Helix of University, Industry, and Government
The recycling behavior of international exchange students : factors affecting participation
The thesis is about Welcome to Tampere fair 2008 and how the integration of the foreign students into Finnish society could be made easier with similar events and actions. In addition to the writing about integration, a theory about organizing fairs has also been written. The thesis was carried out to summarize the work done for the event and to see what else could be done to make the event even more purposeful. The integration of foreign students into our society is an important matter and the fair is one way to tackle the issue of integration.  Methods used to gather the data for the thesis were for primary data a questionnaire at the fair from the visitors as well as from the exhibitors & sponsors and for the secondary data different publications about integration and organizing fairs were used. Also the feedback from Welcome to Tampere 2009 was used to compare the results. Data from the questionnaire was used to evaluate the necessity of an event such as this and from the exhibitors' point of view how did they find the arrangements and did they find it worth a while to attend the fair. The secondary data was used to get a more in depth view of the matter of integration and also the process of organizing a fair. The secondary data's main purpose was to give more ideas how to get the fair more successful in the future by understanding the key elements of the problem. According to the feedback received it was a positive thing to arrange the event. It gave the students information about the city and this way had the wanted influence in the integration. Also the the feedback from the exhibitors and sponsors gave good ideas and suggestions how to even better in the coming years. The secondary data supported the results in both organizing a fair as well as in the integration process. The results of this thesis could be used as a guideline when organizing events that are alike in the future. With the given details many of the errors made could be avoided and similar events could be organized elsewhere as well. Next step for the cities in Finland is to boost up their images in the eyes of the foreign students by starting to make the integration much less complicated.
Study abroad 101
The globalization of higher education
Transnational mobility and the formation of sense of place : a case of exhange students at the University of Helsinki
Trade schools, universities, and programs for international students have begun to experiment with Content and Language Integrated Learning (CLIL) as a viable pedagogy for instruction, as the pedagogy of CLIL increasingly gains recognition as a practical form of language and content education in Europe and beyond, and its application in instructional settings becomes more diverse. Corresponding with CLIL's growth, this book focuses on foreign language use during peer interactions in a new CLIL setting. It particularly concentrates on how to conduct research when the focus is on learner interactions. The theoretical background, research methods, and research instruments are explained in a brief and understandable manner. This book is intended for those interested in CLIL and peer interactions and includes a framework and ideas for investigating new CLIL contexts in a practical manner allowing undergraduate and graduate students to conduct their own research in these settings.
Students abroad : aspects of exchange students' language
FACTORS THAT MOTIVATE THE NEW GENERATION STUDENTS TO STUDY ABROAD - Exchange students as a case study
Rock and roll love
International student adaptation to academic writing in higher education
INTEGRATION OF THE INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS OF KYMENLAAKSO UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCES INTO THE LOCAL SMEs
Marketing Research on Practical Training Abroad
Developing partnership co-operation in student exchange with Italian Universities
The Cooperation between Savonia University of Applied Sciences and West Anhui University
Exchange students in Finland : English language learning and use
Abstract: Developing Partnership Co-operation in Student Exchange with Italian Universities
Best practices in mentoring an international student : student - mentor perspective
Peer interactions in new content and language integrated settings
How finnish exchange students experienced culture shock in People's Republic of China
Outgoing study exchanges in French and Spanish business schools
Factors affecting decrease in International Student: case : University X, Brisbane International Campus
Intercultural friendship development between Finnish and international students
Foreign students at Rovaniemi University of Applied Sciences
Contains national flow data for 21 leading global destination countries for international students, as well as data tables on the 75 most important places of origin for internationally mobile students.
International study environment at Helia Porvoo - Borgå
To be Hungarian in Finland : settling in Finland
International teaching and learning at universities : achieving equilibrium with local culture and pedagogy
The boundaries around the categories of student, migrant and worker have become increasingly fuzzy, as international students are often engaged not just in education, but also in high stakes and expensive journeys towards gaining permanent migration status. This book unpacks the social and political consequences of this education-migration nexus, the uneasy intersection between international education and skilled migration policies that has developed in many Western migrant-receiving nations. The book shows how the nexus has given rise to a new and unique form of transnational migrant: the student-migrant. The book examines student-migrants in terms of their transnationalism and in terms of their relationship to the state, and provides a detailed overview of policy development in concert with an analysis of student-migrants' lived experience. In doing so, it paints a vivid picture of how the macro-politics of state policy intersect with the micro-politics of migrants' transnational social practices.
The Process of Creating a Guidebook for a New Erasmus Intensive Programme Coordinator
Counseling international students : clients from around the world
As one of the fastest growing trends in higher education, study abroad programs are having a critical impact on the educational landscape. While international study programs generate more revenue and promote campus diversity, there are several challenges that must be considered when integrating non-native students into native universities. Global Perspectives and Local Challenges Surrounding International Student Mobility explores comparative research regarding the implementation of effective strategies needed when working with native and non-native individuals in educational settings. Offering perspectives from international student experiences, as well as views on current mobility trends, immigration policies, and challenges with cultural expectations, this publication will be a critical source for educators, policymakers, and university staff who interact with international students.
Atlas of student mobility
The purpose for this thesis was to create a survival kit where the exchange students coming to Salo campus of Turku University of Applied Sciences could find answers to all the most frequently asked questions about Salo and what it offers. The outcome was booklet which can be handed to all the incoming exchange students. There is also an electronic version that it can be downloaded from the website of TUAS. The aim for doing this booklet was to ease the work load of the international office and to help the exchange students and the student tutors to get to know Salo better. The booklet was done by first assessing what information is needed. The different sights in  Salo were restricted according to location or interes factor. This was also a requirement since the purpose was to create a booklet and not a book. Collecting the information was easy since the information was readily available but in many different sources. After all information was collected it was written in rather simple English for everybody to understand. The actual booklet was created with a program called Adobe InDesign. This part of the process needed  only placing the text and self-taken pictures in a logical and pleasant way. The finished booklet was given to a few exchange students for feedback and possible improvements. The feedback was mainly positive with e.g. a praise from a student who had stayed in Salo for eight months already. Exchange students would like have more information about organized events. Overall there was hardly anything that they would want to change/added. The few ideas that came up or will come up in the future can easily be added later on, especially to the e-version.
Study abroad and career identity : three narratives of English language students' journeys to English-speaking countries
Fulbright Finland news
International Students in Finland : life and the study experience
Development of nursing students during international exchange
Summary
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
Training at operation unit is a part of basic nursing studies. Because of the international programmes of the University of Applied Science, there are students from other cultures and other countries performing clinical training at operation unit of the Tampere University Hospital (TUH). This bachelor's thesis is a booklet for English speaking student for operation unit of the TUH.     This thesis is a functional bachelor's thesis and it is composed in three parts: report, theory and final part. The report part is about the process of the thesis, theoretical part consists of general information of operation room environment and operation room nursing. The final part is the booklet in the final form.     The result is the booklet which will help both the English speaking student to orientate easily to the operation room practises and nurse who have limited language skills to supervise and guide foreign student in his / her work. The thesis is made in co-operation with representatives of the operation unit of the TUH.       Keywords: Booklet, perioperative nursing, student orientation, orientation material, supervised clinical training, student supervision..
Da. Eto vopros! : prosodic development of Finnish students' read-aloud Russian during study in Russia
Adventurous decade and more : Diak's partnership in Asia
Live in a fridge : finally I understand why peope decided to
On change
The mirror weather
An investigation of market research related to student practical training for SME’s : (Project of Jolly Dragon)
What do we talk about when we talk about globalization? : analysis of globalization discourse among students of University of Helsinki
Inquiry Learning in Practice : Information Sharing Among First Semester Tourism Students and Supervisors
Finnish health care and social work students' perceptions of Finnish-English code-switching : a survey study
Tutors as mediators of exchange student experiences : evaluation of the interantional student tutor system at the University of Turku
Multicultural TeKu : the international learning environment at Savonia
InternQube : professional skills for the workplace
Joint services : challenges of integrating international students : international degree student services in the metropolitan area
Lifestyle habits and self-reported quality of life among international and Finnish students at the University of Kuopio, Finland
The experience of studying abroad for exchange students in Europe : research report
Going to Kansas City
Studying and living abroad : my experiences
Stereotypical images of the United States : heterostereotypes held by Finnish former high school exchange students
Developing International Exchange Program: Laurea UAS and Partner Universities in Japan
International students' language use and attitudes towards English and Finnish
Outbound student exchange from Satakunta University of Applied Sciences, School of Maritime Management, Rauma
Guidelines for clinical training at the operation unit of the Tampere University Hospital (TUH) : booklet for english speaking student
Guidebook for exchange students
Exchange students' rights : research report of Erasmus Student Network Survey 2006
Talking internationalization : development of cultural means at TKK
No title, inspired by Liir Thropp
Guide to international degree student services in the metropolitan area
"International Teaching and Learning at Universities investigates both the positive and the more problematic aspects of the internationalization of education. The flow of students to universities is no longer unidirectional from East to West but truly global with a diminishing difference between the two major educational centers. Slethaug and Vinther explain how liberal education, the movement of students across the globe, autonomy for students and teachers, and internationalization of education influence each other in constructing a new educational reality. These elements are vital to the continued development of learning, economic growth, and the democratic process of our societies in the East and West"--
An international student as a library user – a short review
Employment opportunities and challenges for foreign degree students
The dynamics of international student circulation in global context
Awareness and co-operation : keys to the student market of St. Petersburg
Vermont - Green Mountain state, Ontario - yours to discover
Foreign students as a part of international mobility
Cross-border partnerships in higher education : strategies and issues / edited by Robin Sakamoto and David W. Chapman
Improving intercultural learning experiences in higher education : responding to cultural scripts for learning
Readiness of Finnish companies to integrate foreign students : case study of Keski-Pohjanmaan Kirjapaino Oyj
Guidebook for future exchange students
Orientating international student's in Tampere University Hospital
Intercultural communication experiences of foreign students with a focus on their perspectives of national, cultural and ethnic identity : case of exchange and degree students in Jyväskylä, Finland
Him, her or people?
Developing Partnership Co-operation in Student Exchange with Italian Universities
Nordic students abroad : student mobility patterns, student support systems and labour market outcomes
Prejudices, close friends and the end of semester
Analyzing and enhancing the image and content of online courses for non-Finnish students and non-Finnish courses at TAMK and amk.fi portal
The northernmost in the world
ERASMUS PROGRAMME STUDENT’S CHALLENGES FACED ABROAD AND THE IMPACT ON EUROPEAN COMMISSION OBJECTIVES
Avoiding culture shock : exposure to unfamiliar cultural environments and its effect on exchange students
Reflections on self and other in a novel environment : exchange student experiences of living and studying in Finland
Students' expectation toward service of recruiment agencies in Vietnam
Transnational student-migrants and the state : the education-migration nexus
Celebrating ECTS and Diploma Supplement Label holders 2009-2013
Communication behaviors of exchange students as perceived by themselves and by their hosts : Japanese students in Finland
Wellness and support system for international students at HAAGA-HELIA University of applied sciences
Motives in higher education student exchange participation : focus on Finland and United Kingdom
Intercultural competence needs of exchange students coming to or going abroad from the university of Costa Rica
Critical incidents as a training tool for Finnish exchange students going to The United States
Feeling at home : a guide to cultural issues for those working with international students
International Club for International Students in Higher Education : Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences
Culture shock
