http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22964 blended learning
blended learning
The rise of blended learning : students' perspectives
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
During the recent years blended learning has become more common strategy in higher education. In Oulu University of Applied Sciences School of Business and Information Management blended learning was developed in a project where about 20 teachers from two degree programs developed courses from the point of view of individual, blended and online learning. A focus group interview was organised with voluntary students in order to get insights to student's experiences.     Students wish that they would have activities and feedback along the course - not big assignments or exam at the end of the course. Blended learning should be tied to real life cases which are connected to theories. Two-way interaction plays a critical role when blended learning is used in order to avoid the isolation of students. Learning Cafe type of assignments, where talented students' expertise could be used in coaching, received excellent feedback because of the better interaction.
Myths in education, learning and teaching : policies, practices and principles / edited by Marcus K. Harmes, Henk Huijser and Patrick Alan Danaher
Preparing for blended e-learning
Effect of a blended learning course in airway management versus traditional delivery
This book introduces an approach for making principled decisions about the use of technologies specifically in Applied Linguistics. The research is grounded in the growing area of 'blended learning' that seeks to combine face-to-face instruction with online-based interactions to record students using a foreign language productively.
The rise of blended learning - students’ perspectives
Blended learning and online tutoring : planning learner support and activity design
"Blended learning, which combines the strength of face-to-face and technology-enhanced learning, is increasingly being seen as one of the most important vehicles for education reform today. Blended learning allows both teacher and learner access to radically increased possibilities for understanding how we transmit and receive information, how we interact with others in educational settings, how we build knowledge, and how we assess what we have taught or learned. Blended Learning: Research Perspectives, Volume 2 provides readers with the most current, in-depth collection of research perspectives on this vital subject, addressing institutional issues, design and adoption issues, and learning issues, as well as an informed meditation on future trends and research in the field. As governments, foundations, schools, and colleges move forward with plans and investments for vast increases in blended learning environments, a new examination of the existing research on the topic is essential reading for all those involved in this educational transformation. "--
Conducting research in online and blended learning environments : new pedagogical frontiers
Essentials for blended learning : a standards-based guide
A Blended Learning Solution and the Impacts on Attendance and Learning Outcomes
Learning online : what research tells us about whether, when and how
Blended learning : tools for teaching and training
Hybrid learning : the perils and promise of blending online and face-to-face instruction in higher education
Blended learning in Finland
Blended Learning In Action: A Practical Guide Toward Sustainable Change
Blended learning : how to integrate online and traditional learning
Developing health and social care professionals' competencies by using blened-learning methods
This book offers in-depth analysis of new technologies in blended learning that promote creativity, critical thinking, and meaningful learning combining expert perspectives from international scholars enabling researchers, academicians, and practitioners to devise innovative Web-based learning approaches.
Comparative blended learning practices and environments
Collaborative screen capture video based learning in information systems science
The handbook of blended learning : global perspectives, local designs
"This book includes a definitive model for engaged learning that can be applied in a wide range of on-line learning environments and across age levels. It also addresses current topics such as engaging in a blended learning environment, social networking, and using related technology tools. Continuing to Engage the Online Learner provides an introduction to the theory of engaged learning and its design, assessment, and management in online and blended learning environments. In addition, the book describes the types of activities that engage the online learner in each phase of engagement and provides 50 new examples of activities"--
Open learning cultures : a guide to quality, evaluation, and assessment for future learning
The online teaching survival guide : simple and practical pedagogical tips
Reflective learning in blended process : becoming an adult educator
"A comprehensive look at the promise and potential of online learning In our digital age, students have dramatically new learning needs and must be prepared for the idea economy of the future. In Getting Smart, well-known global education expert Tom Vander Ark examines the facets of educational innovation in the United States and abroad. Vander Ark makes a convincing case for a blend of online and onsite learning, shares inspiring stories of schools and programs that effectively offer "personal digital learning" opportunities, and discusses what we need to do to remake our schools into "smart schools." Examines the innovation-driven world, discusses how to combine online and onsite learning, and reviews "smart tools" for learning Investigates the lives of learning professionals, outlines the new employment bargain, examines online universities and "smart schools" Makes the case for smart capital, advocates for policies that create better learning, studies smart cultures "--
Getting smart : how digital learning is changing the world
Blending technologies in second language classrooms
"At a time when more and more of what people learn both in formal courses and in everyday life is mediated by technology, Learning Online provides a much-needed guide to different forms and applications of online learning. This book describes how online learning is being used in both K-12 and higher education settings as well as in learning outside of school. Particular online learning technologies, such as MOOCs (massive open online courses), multi-player games, learning analytics, and adaptive online practice environments, are described in terms of design principles, implementation, and contexts of use. Learning Online synthesizes research findings on the effectiveness of different types of online learning, but a major message of the book is that student outcomes arise from the joint influence of implementation, context, and learner characteristics interacting with technology, not from technology alone. The book describes available research about how best to implement different forms of online learning for specific kinds of students, subject areas, and contexts. Building on available evidence regarding practices that make online and blended learning more effective in different contexts, Learning Online draws implications for institutional and state policies that would promote judicious uses of online learning and effective implementation models. This in-depth research work concludes with a call for an online learning implementation research agenda, combining education institutions and research partners in a collaborative effort to generate and share evidence on effective practices"--
Blended learning in higher education : framework, principles, and guidelines
Blended : using disruptive innovation to improve schools
Blended learning : research perspectives
Including new material on blogs, wikis, podcasts and e-portfolios, the second edition reflects the increasing number of e-learning courses. This practical, flexible text helps students enhance and develop their existing skills whether they are a distance learner, or at an institution which has e-learning integrated into their programmes.
Language teaching in blended contexts
Continuing to engage the online learner : activities and resources for creative instruction
Engaging hybrid and blended learning in higher education
Blended learning : research perspectives. Volume 2
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Integrating virtual and traditional learning in 6-12 classrooms : a layered literacies approach to multimodal meaning making
Hybrid-context instructional model : the internet and the classrooms : the way teachers experience it
Use of blended learning environment for teacher training : students' perceptions of their experiences
An introduction to distance education : understanding teaching and learning in a new era
Neuroblend : competence based blended learning framework for life-long vocational learning of neuroscience nurses
Cases on online and blended learning technologies in higher education : concepts and practices
How to design and teach a hybrid course : achieving student-centered learning through blended classroom, online and experiential activities
