http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22927 identity politics
identity politics
Language of the land : policy, politics, identity
"Movements like the Arab Spring, Occupy Wall Street, and the Tea Party embody some of our deepest intuitions about popular politics and 'the power of the people'. They also expose tensions and shortcomings in our understanding of these ideals. We typically see 'the people' as having a special, sovereign power. Despite the centrality of this idea in our thinking, we have little understanding of why it has such importance. Imagined Sovereignties probes the considerable force that 'the people' exercises on our thought and practice. Like the imagined communities described by Benedict Anderson, popular politics is formed around shared, imaginary constructs rooted in our collective imagination. This book investigates these 'imagined sovereignties' in a genealogy traversing the French Enlightenment, the Haitian Revolution, and nineteenth-century Haitian constitutionalism. It problematizes taken-for-granted ideas about popular politics and provokes new ways of imagining the power of the people"--
Bilingualism : a social approach
Other than identity : the subject, politics and art
Contingent states : greater China and transnational relations
Vulnerability in resistance
Challenging established views about the development of a secular Turkish national identity, this history explores how the Turkish people used print media to incorporate their Islamic heritage into Turkish nationalism following World War II.
The victims' revolution : the rise of identity studies and the closing of the liberal mind
Modern Muslim identities : negotiating religion and ethnicity in Malaysia
Writing security : United States foreign policy and the politics of identity
Come back to Afghanistan : my journey from California to Kabul
"Debates over who belongs in Europe and who doesn't increasingly speak the language of mixing, but how are the figures commonly described as 'mixed' actually embodied? The Biopolitics of Mixing invites us to reckon with the spectres of pathologization past and present, placing the celebration of mixing beside moral panics over terrorism and trafficking and a post-race multiculturalism that elevates some as privileged members of the neoliberal community, whilst ghosting others from it. Drawing on a broad archive including rich qualitative interviews conducted in Britain and Germany, media and policy debates, popular culture, race-based research and queer-of-colour theories, this book imagines into being communities in which people and places normally kept separate can coexist in the same reality. As such, it will appeal to scholars across a range of sociological and cultural studies, including critical race, ethnic and migration studies, transnational gender and queer studies, German and European studies, Thai and Southeast Asian studies, and studies of affect, performativity, biopolitics and necropolitics. It should be read by all those interested in thinking critically on the intersections of race, class, gender, sexuality and disability." --Provided by publisher.
Discontented geopolitics of other European spaces
The politics of multiple nationality : a case study of the Finnish Nationality Act through Critical Discourse Analysis of the experts' statements to the Constitutional Law Committee of the Finnish Parliament
Coming home or moving home? : "westernising" narratives in Finnish foreign policy and the re-interpretation of past identities
The politics and ethics of identity : in search of ourselves
Beyond the fiscal-military road to state formation : civil society, collective identities and the state in the old Danish monarchy, 1500-1850
Contemporary Turkey in conflict : ethnicity, Islam and politics
Estonia gravitates towards Sweden : nordic identity and activist regionalism in world war I
New perspectives on ethnic relations, Islam and neoliberalism have emerged in Turkey since the rise of the Justice and Development Party (AKP) in 2002. Placing the period within its historical and contemporary context, Tahir Abbas argues that what it is to be ethnically, religiously and culturally Turkish has been transformed. He explores how issues of political trust, social capital and intolerance towards minorities have characterised Turkey in the early years of the 21st-century. He shows how a radical neoliberal economic and conservative outlook has materialised, leading to a clash over the religious, political and cultural direction of Turkey. These conflicts are defining the future of the nation.
Redistribution or recognition? : a political-philosophical exchange
Becoming Europeans : cultural identity and cultural policies
Nation, region and history in post-communist transitions : identity politics in Ukraine, 1991-2006
Political archaeology and holy nationalism : archaeological battles over the Bible and land in Israel and Palestine from 1967-2000
The establishment of national republics in Soviet Central Asia
Individualization : institutionalized individualism and its social and political consequences
Citizenship, identity and the politics of multiculturalism: the rise of muslim consciousness
The European Union as an international actor : strengths of the European civilian power
The Fluid Borders of Europe
Routledge handbook of identity studies
“Everybody recognized that we were not white” : Sami identity politics in Finland, 1945-1990
Identity politics in the European capital of culture initiative
How happy to call oneself a Turk : provincial newspapers and the negotiation of a Muslim national identity
Locality, memory, reconstruction : the cultural challenges and possibilities of former single-industry communities
Intercultural communication : an andvanced resource book for students
Art, politics, and cultural identification in Sudan
'Euro-Asia' at the crossroads : geopolitics, identities and dialogues
Selling the Serengeti : the cultural politics of safari tourism
Since 1949, Tibetans and Uyghurs generally have been perceived as the two most problematic members of the PRC's great family of peoples and been the targets of 'carrot and stick' measures designed to facilitate their integration into the PRC. In recent years, a solution to the problem of Xinjiang and the Tibet has been sought in accelerated economic development, yet this is perceived by both groups with great suspicion. Addressing this situation, the volume explores the arenas of socio-economic development and market liberalization, popular culture, urban planning and relocation, environment and ecological migration, civil society, education and language, ethno-nationalism, as well as religious policies and practices. It is especially topical at a time when fieldwork in the regions where these two minorities live remains extremely difficult and politically sensitive. --Publisher's description.
"The best of both worlds" : bilingual family life according to Finnish and English-speaking parents in Finland and the United Kingdom
Negotiating Belarusianness : political folklore betwixt and between
Contested histories in public space : memory, race, and nation
Concepts of the self
Identity and foreign policy : Baltic-Russian relations and European integration
A europeanised Irish security and defence policy? : the case of Ireland and EU battle groups
Representation matters : (re)articulating collective identities in a postcolonial world
When is the nation? : towards an understanding of theories of nationalism
Inclusion and democracy
Muslim migrants in Europe : a challenge to the policy of the state
The sociology of nationalism : tomorrow's ancestors
Reagan's mythical America : towards a narrative theory of prophetic politics
Transformation now! : toward a post-oppositional politics of change
National self-images and regional identities in Russia
National identity
When identity becomes political : the Russophone population of Moldova in social media
Russian greatpowerness : foreign policy, the two Chechen wars and international organisations
Making Europe in Nordic contexts
Social theory and the politics of identity
Re-orientalism and South Asian identity politics : the oriental Other within
The power of African cultures
Cornbread and cuchifritos : ethnic identity politics, transnationalization, and transculturation in American urban popular music
On the fringes of the harmonious society : Tibetans and Uyghurs in socialist China
Language and identity : an introduction
The biopolitics of mixing : Thai multiracialities and haunted ascendancies
Nationalism and political identity
Nordic film policies in transition : resources, cooperation and Europeanization
Modernity and identity : Asian illustrations
Shi'i Islam and identity : religion, politics and change in the global muslim community
Gendered media : women, men, and identity politics
Post-Cold War identity politics : northern and Baltic experiences
Feminist political togetherness : rethinking the collective dimension of feminist politics
The legacy of history in Russia and the new states of Eurasia
"In the summer of 2015, shortly after Caitlyn Jenner came out as transgender, the NAACP official and political activist Rachel Dolezal was "outed" by her parents as white, touching off a heated debate in the media about the fluidity of gender and race. If Jenner could legitimately identify as a woman, could Dolezal legitimately identify as black? Taking the controversial pairing of "transgender" and "transracial" as his starting point, Rogers Brubaker shows how gender and race, long understood as stable, inborn, and unambiguous, have in the past few decades opened up in different ways and to different degrees to the forces of change and choice. Transgender identities have moved from the margins to the mainstream with dizzying speed, and ethnoracial boundaries have blurred. Paradoxically, while sex has a much deeper biological basis than race, choosing or changing one's sex or gender is more widely accepted than choosing or changing one's race. Yet while few accepted Dolezal's claim to be black, racial identities are becoming more fluid as ancestry increasingly understood as mixed loses its authority over identity, and as race and ethnicity, like gender, come to be understood as something we do, not just something we have. By rethinking race and ethnicity through the multifaceted lens of the transgender experience encompassing not just a movement from one category to another but positions between and beyond existing categories Brubaker underscores the malleability, contingency, and arbitrariness of racial categories.
Imagined sovereignties : the power of the people and other myths of the modern age
Focusing on developments of the past half century, this volume rediscovers the Americas as contested continents. Its twenty essays explore ethnicity, belonging, and difference in sites and contexts located throughout the Western Hemisphere-from Canada and the United States to Bolivia and Chile. They examine methods and motives for constructing identities and declaring affiliations in literature and other media, in communities and social movements, in national and transnational scenarios. The Americas? What Americas? As academics erase the dividing lines between nations, politicians emphatically reinforce them, backed by xenophobic rationales and brutal police squads. The tension between these two visions makes one think we live in parallel universes, and at times we certainly do: a Leibnitzian construction in which ours is the less desirable, most frightening world. These probing scholarly essays, lucidly edited by Josef Raab, explore from various perspectives what it means to live in that bottom-of-the-barrel world, multilingual, multicultural, and multi-ennerving. The result is enriching, proving yet again that reality and the mind are not always in sync. (IlanStavans, general editor of 'The Norton Anthology of Latino Literature')
Sami identity in transition : Sami language rights affect the construction of Sami identity in Finland
From thankful objects to legal subjects : the developments in the Sámi idenity politics in Finland 1945-1990
Seminar no. 10 on cultural identity and regional development : comparative analysis and prospects : Interlaken, Switzerland, 16-18 October 1989
National identity and geopolitical visions : maps of pride and pain
The postmodern and political agency
Places and politics in an age of globalization
Latin American development
Cultural governance and resistance in Pacific Asia
Remaking identities : God, nation, and race in world history
Cultural enlargement of the European Union : international seminar and 30th anniversary organised by Finnish National Committee, European Cultural Foundation
Geopolitical exotica : Tibet in western imagination
Trans : gender and race in an age of unsettled identities
The significance of Rimsky-Korsakov in the development of a Russian national identity
Discourses, boundaries and scales : Estonian territorial politics in the 'new' Europe
"Everybody recognized that we were not white" : Sami identity politics in Finland, 1945-1990
Indigenous film as a tool for developing and maintaining indigenous culture and identity : how do indigenous films and indigenous film festivals as non-governmental organisations develop and maintain indigenous culture and identity?
Truth, justice, and the American way? : the popular geopolitics of American identity in contemporary superhero comics
Identity and capitalism
The limits of liberal multiculturalism : towards an individuated approach to cultural diversity
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Sharing diversity : culture as a resource for future Europe. Cultural policy and its dimensions in four European countries: Bulgaria, Finland, Germany and Poland
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
The idea of Europe : from antiquity to the European Union
Access and belonging in the age of viral epidemic : constructing migrants living with HIV/AIDS in the Finnish welfare state
Representation of a changing self : an EU performance in the Middle East
Russia and the West from Alexander to Putin : honor in internatonal relations
China : the pessoptimist nation
Contesting art : art, politics and identity in the modern world
Orientalism refers to the imitation of aspects of Eastern cultures in the West, and was devised in order to have authority over the Orient. The concept of Re-Orientalism maintains the divide between the Orient and the West. However, where Orientalism is based on how the West constructs the East, Re-Orientalism is grounded on how the cultural East comes to terms with an orientalised East. This book explores various new forms, objects and modes of circulation that sustain this renovated form of Orientalism in South Asian culture. The contributors identify and engage with recent debates about postcolonial South Asian identity politics, discussing a range of different texts and films such as The White Tiger, Bride & Prejudice and Kama Sutra: A Tale of Love. Providing new theoretical insights from the areas of literature, film studies and cultural and discourse analysis, this book is an stimulating read for students and scholars interested in South Asian culture, postcolonial studies and identity politics.
Vocational teachers' professional agency in the stream of change
Sami identity politics within the political structures of Finland : articulation, reception and the boundaries of the politically possible
New world colors : ethnicity, belonging, and difference in the Americas
