http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22985 white
white
The path of daggers
The White House : an illustrated history
The Obamas in the White House : reflections on family, faith & leadership
Blindness : a novel
The Kennedys
Peter Adolf Hall - one of the first to use zinc white in Western painting? / Seppo Hornytzkyj
Finnish immigrants in Provence
Whatever!
Scientific progress goes "boink"
Hillbilly elegy : a memoir of a family and culture in crisis
Inuyasha : [three in one]. 7
Cold smell, white touch and the beautiful braille : a multisensory approach to visual art
American grown : the story of the White House kitchen garden and gardens across America
Sought-after interiors stylist Hilary Robertson celebrates the stylish simplicity of the monochromatic home - elegant interiors in black, white, and every shade of grey in between. In the first chapter, Living in Black and White, Hilary analyzes successful monochrome interiors, providing moodboards for different schemes. Next, In the Mix takes a closer look at the effective tools of texture, light, and scale and pattern and the roles that they have to play. The third chapter, The Dark Room, visits real homes that feature darker monochrome palettes, while, following on, Let there be Light provides examples of homes with a whiter, brighter approach. Finally, in Monochrome Home Hilary Robertson shows how to bring the look right up to date, visiting the fabulously inspiring homes of artists and designers from Europe to the United States.
Disturbing whiteness : the complexity of white female identity in selected works by Joyce Carol Oates
Hisstories : white Kenyan life histories
White
Documentary realism and film pleasure : two moments from Euzhan Palcyś a Dry White Season
Attack of the deranged mutant killer monster snow goons
The Great Performances. Volume II - The Man and the Music
White magic : an introduction to the folklore of Christian legend
Angry youth comics
Scott Pilgrim's finest hour
"Every disaster made us wish for more" : cinematic deaths in Don DeLillo's White noise
The reluctant midwife : a Hope River novel
Creative black-and-white photography : advanced camera and darkroom techniques
Adulthood is a myth : a "Sarah's scribbles" collection
Äidin kirja = Mother's book
Economix : how and why our economy works (and doesn't work) : in words and pictures
The lake of souls
An intimate account of White House life from the perspectives of the service staff from the Kennedys through the Obamas details their friendships, marriages, everyday activities, and elaborate state dinners.
Whitegraphics : the power of white in graphic design
The black and white handbook : the ultimate guide to monochrome techniques
The white tribes of Africa
The White House : its historic furnishings and first families
White House down
Sight unseen : whiteness and American visual culture
Inuyasha : [three in one]. 6
Our White House : looking in, looking out
White on white : creating elegant rooms with shades of white
Inuyasha : [three in one]. [1]
Cheap novelties : the pleasures of urban decay : with Julius Knipl, real estate photographer
"Eccentricity but only within tribal limits" : the making of post-colonial Mzungu identity in Kenya
Inuyasha : [three in one]. 3
Inuyasha : [three in one]. 8
The white home : creating rooms you love to live in
The White House
From impulsive adventure to postcolonial commitment : making white identity in contemporary Kenia
The beautiful screaming of pigs
The role of weight reduction sensitive genes in adipose tissue biology and adipocyte function : special emphasis on the expression of MFAP5 and CPPED1
The zombie survival guide : complete protection from the living dead
The residence : inside the private world of the White House
White walls, designer dresses : the fashioning of modern architecture
The Complete Marilyn Monroe
White sea : ecology and environment
My friend Dahmer : a graphic novel
Harold Lloyd : the definitive collection. Disc 9
Table flowers
Warpath : the true story of the fighting Sioux told in a biography of Chief White Bull
Scott Pilgrim vs. the world
Truth is fragmentary : travelogues & diaries
The state within
The art of white : painting, photography, installation
The West Highland white terrier: your essential guide from puppy to senior dog
The gathering storm
Scott Pilgrim's precious little life
Toiling on regardless : displacement and commitment postcolonial white Kenya
Abstract: Toiling on regardless. Displacement and Commitment in Postcolonial White Kenya.
The story of beautiful girl
Race, power and resistance
Notan : the dark-light principle of design
Under the snow = Lumen alla
The Butler
The Great Performances. Volume III - From the Waist Up
White immigration to South Africa
Woman of a thousand secrets
Scott Pilgrim vs. the universe
Monuments / Masterpieces of architecture
Childhood is hell : a cartoon book
Role of <em>Fto</em> in the gene and microRNA expression of mouse adipose tissues in response to high-fat diet
Vance, a former marine and Yale Law School graduate, provides an account of growing up in a poor Rust Belt town that offers a broader, probing look at the struggles of America's white working class. The decline of this group, a demographic of our country that has been slowly disintegrating over forty years, has been reported on with growing frequency and alarm. J. D. Vance tells the true story of what a social, regional, and class decline feels like when you were born with it hung around your neck. The Vance family story begins hopefully in postwar America. J. D.'s grandparents were "dirt poor and in love," and moved north from Kentucky's Appalachia region to Ohio in the hopes of escaping the dreadful poverty around them. They raised a middle-class family, and eventually their grandchild (the author) would graduate from Yale Law School, a conventional marker of their success in achieving generational upward mobility. But as the family saga of Hillbilly Elegy plays out, we learn that this is only the short, superficial version. Vance's grandparents, aunt, uncle, sister, and, most of all, his mother, struggled profoundly with the demands of their new middle-class life, and were never able to fully escape the legacy of abuse, alcoholism, poverty, and trauma so characteristic of their part of America.
Disowning slavery : gradual emancipation and "race" in New England, 1780-1860
Muisti on valon toinen kieli = Memory is the other language of light
The red coffin
Harold Lloyd : the definitive collection. Disc 3
Nyt riittää! = Enough is enough! : Finnish comics culture <3 multiculture
Memory meanders : place, home and commemoration in an ex-Rhodesian diaspora community
Nutritional status in commercial currant fields
Inuyasha : [three in one]. 4
How to take & develop black & white photographs
The Great Performances. Volume I - Center Stage
Il bianco e altro e  comunque arte = white and other, in any case, art
Scott Pilgrim gets it together
Inuyasha : [three in one]. [2]
Threat or opportunity? acquisitions of minority shareholdings in the context of competition law, in light of the European Commission’s white paper: European Commission’s white paper: towards more effective EU merger control (COM (2014) 449 final)
Jailhouse rock
Scott Pilgrim and the infinite sadness
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
At home with white
The woman next door
Complete digital photography
