http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22998 vernacular
vernacular
Re-forming texts, music, and church art in the early modern north
The abduction and wedding of two Negrito maidens : [a Labin Agta Negrito Epic]
Language and culture in Aboriginal Australia
On becoming bicultural : language competence, acculturation and cross-cultural adjustment of expatriates in China
SMS messages in a daily Finnish newspaper : the context of proverb performances
Professional communicative repertoires and trajectories of socialization into global working life
The medieval translator. 7, The translation of the works of St Birgitta of Sweden into the medieval European vernaculars
Vafsi folk tales : twentyfour folk tales in the Gurchani dialect of Vafsi as narrated by Ghazanfar Mahmudi and Mashdi Mahdi and collected by Lawrence P. Elwell-Sutton
Deficiencies of official bilingualism in the Finno-Ugric republics of Post-Soviet Russia : a legal perspective
Chuvash studies
Individual crimes or a sociological phenomenon : a critical discourse analysis of the 2014 Royal Canadian Mounted Police national operational overview on missing and murdered indigenous women in Canada
Problems of Uralistics : contributions to the 7th International Congress of Finno-Ugrists, Debrecen, August 27 - September 2, 1990 : analytical reviews in two volumes. Vol. 2
The gigantic turnip
The proverbal thesis on the theme of marriage
Journey to the sun
IISE - Interpreting in International Settings : training material for interpreters
Arabic Script among China's Muslims: A Dongxiang folk story
Belgian contributions to the 13th International Congress of Slavists : Ljubljana, 15 - 21 Aug. 2003.
Abstract in english.
Intercultural language teaching and learning
English in internal company communication : the employees' views, attitudes and competences
Finnish professionals with limited English proficiency : a study of language attitudes and language use
Importance of Language Proficiency in Recruitment in International Business
Outline of a general theory of linguistics : prolegomena to a comparative description of non-Masoretic Hebrew dialects and traditions ; Pintupi : statistical and comparative survey of an Australian Great Western Desert language
In Understanding International Sign, Lori A. Whynot examines International Sign (IS) to determine the extent to which signers from different countries comprehend it. She focuses exclusively on expository lecture IS used in conference settings and presents the first empirical research on its effectiveness for communicating rich information to diverse audience members. International Sign is regarded as a lingua franca that is employed by deaf people to communicate with other deaf people who do not share the same conventionalized local sign language. Contrary to widely-held belief, sign languages are not composed of a unified system of universal gestures—rather, they are distinctly different, and most are mutually unintelligible from one another. The phenomenon of IS has emerged through increased global interaction during recent decades, driven by a rise in the number of international conferences and events and by new technologies that allow for enhanced global communication. IS is gaining acceptance for providing communicative access to conference audience members who do not have knowledge of the designated conference languages, and it is being recruited for use due to the prohibitive expense of providing interpreting services in numerous different sign languages. However, it is not known how well audience members understand IS, and it may actually limit equal access to the interpreted information. Whynot compares IS to native sign languages and analyzes the distribution of linguistic elements in the IS lexicon and their combined effect on comprehension. Her findings indicate that audiences with diverse sign languages understand much less of IS presentations than has been previously assumed. Whynot’s research has crucial implications for expository IS usage, training, and interpreting, and it sheds light on the strengths and weaknesses inherent in cross-linguistic, signed contact settings.
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
National language policy at the local level : the realisation of language legislation in late-19th-century Finland
Understanding international sign : a sociolinguistic study
Out of the tower : essays on culture and everyday life
Yākka Sālēre Kathe : Tulu texts of Dravidian folk poetry from the south of India
Introduction : what is Nordic medieval literature?
How to revitalize an indigenous language? : adults' experiences of the revitalization of the Sámi language
Translations of authority in medieval English literature : valuing the vernacular
Children's language and multilingualism : indigenous language use at home and school
Tales in Lepanto-Igorot as it is spoken at Bauco
Substrata Uralica : studies on Finno-Ugrian substrate in Northern Russian dialects
"The world has gotten smaller" : third year IB high school students' perceptions on the international baccalaureate diploma programme: internationalisation, English medium instruction and career choice
Vernacularity in England and Wales, c. 1300-1550
China's na-mzi : Tibetan life, language, and folklore = Zhongguo namuyi zangzu : shenghuo, yuyan yu minjian wenxue. Vol. 2
The article focuses on Finnish proverbs as a part of contemporary colloquial written language in everyday use and context. The article offers a view on what is happening with proverbs in the vernacular in Finnish everyday life. As empirical material this article uses a special case that demonstrates the use of proverbs in on Finnish newspaper: proverbs in SMS messages published as a letter to the editor in a newspaper.
Ina Laman : documents of oral traditions in Gwad Laman collected in the Gwoza Area of Borno State, Nigeria
Indigenous educational models for contemporary practice : in our mother's voice
Some paremiological notes of proverbs in three Finnish newspapers (Newspaper Group-2)
Communication in a mobile space : a geosemiotic study of mobility as a communicated item and the use of English in emplaced signs
Intercultural interactions in business and management
Spoken, written, and performed in Latin and vernacular cultures from the Middle Ages to the early seventeenth century : Ramus virens oliuarum
Profiles of second language learners in bilingual education : a comparative study of the characteristics of Finnish and American students
China's na-mzi Tibetans : life, language and folklore = Zhongguo namuyi zangzu : shenghuo, yuyan yu minjian wenxue. Vol. 1
The written and spoken : literacy and oral transmission among the Uyghur
De vulgari eloquentia, written by Dante in the early years of the fourteenth century, is the only known work of medieval literary theory to have been produced by a practising poet, and the first to assert the intrinsic superiority of living, vernacular languages over Latin. Its opening consideration of language as a sign-system includes foreshadowings of twentieth-century semiotics, and later sections contain the first serious effort at literary criticism based on close analytical reading since the classical era.
Kalevala : the land of the heroes
"Onko tämä sitä creativitya" : a case study of the functions of code switching by IB students in a WhatsApp conversation
Proceedings of the third International Hindu Kush Cultural Conference
Language behavior in International organizations: report of the Second Annual Conference of the Center for Research and Documentation on World Language Problems, New York, December 15, 1983
Translation - The fifth language skill? : a comparison of the role of translation in Finnish lukio and the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme
Language and politics
From the literary heritage of Turkic South-Siberia : Šor folkloric and shamanic texts : Xayïndïrïŋmay Baγay-ōl a Tuvan hero tale
Africa in the long run : Festschrift in the honour of Professor Arvi Hurskainen
Australian sign language (Auslan) : an introduction to sign language linguistics
Legacies of colonial English : studies in transported dialect
International Education Studies: Increasing Their Linguistic Comparability by Developing Judgmental Reviews
Challenges in business communication : the essence of corporate English communications practices in Finnish firms
A concept of international English and related issues : from "real English" to "realistic English"?
Proverbial expressions in newspapers : a study in Finland, Estonia, and Slovenia
This wide-ranging survey of issues in intercultural language teaching and learning covers everything from core concepts to program evaluation, and advocates a fluid, responsive approach to teaching language that reflects its central role in fostering intercultural understanding. Includes coverage of theoretical issues defining language, culture, and communication, as well as practice-driven issues such as classroom interactions, technologies, programs, and language assessment Examines systematically the components of language teaching: language itself, meaning, culture, learning, communicating, and assessments, and puts them in social and cultural context Features numerous examples throughout, drawn from various languages,international contexts, and frameworks Incorporates a decade of in-depth research and detailed documentation from the authors' collaborative work with practicing teachers Provides a much-needed addition to the sparse literature on intercultural aspects of language education
Songs of Nepal : an anthology of Nevar folksongs and hymns
Tibetan tales : derived from Indian sources
The collected works of Bronislaw Pilsudski. Vol. 2, Materials for the study of the Ainu language and folklore (Cracow 1912)
Secular learning in Anglo-Saxon England : exploring the vernacular
Problems of Uralistics : contributions to the 7th International Congress of Finno-Ugrists, Debrecen, August 27 - September 2, 1990 : analytical reviews in two volumes. Vol. 1
The peoples of Europe
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
From an encyclopedia of Iranian Folklore to an ontology of Iranian folklore
Australian aboriginal grammar
Writing history for the king : Henry II and the politics of vernacular historiography
Although it is commonplace in scholarship today to talk about a 'system' of kennings or 'kenning system', critical discussion has tended to take the qualification 'system' for granted and left this topic  unexplored. The present paper presents a study of extended kennings which reveals that the systemic network of kennings have different referents. It shows that kennings for MAN / WARRIOR are at the  center of this network.
In their own words : practices of quotation in early medieval history-writing
Ethnographical texts in Moroccan Berber. 3, (Dialect of Anti-Atlas)
"Man is the measure of all things" : the system of kennings as a tangible object
Syrjaenica : narratives, folklore and folk poetry from eight dialects of the Komi language. Vol. 3, Upper Vychegda
Pragmatic literacy and the medieval use of the vernacular : the Swedish example
Our people's own (Ina Laman) : traditions and specimens of oral literature from Gwad Laman speaking peoples in the Southern Lake Chad Basin in Central Africa
Internationalization and the invisible language? Historical phases and current policies in Finnish higher education
Dynamics of neo-Latin and the vernacular : language and poetics, translation and transfer
The future of English? : a guide to forecasting the popularity of the English language in the 21st century
Kurdish folklore : tradition and culture
Languages and peoples of the USSR
The sociolinguistics of globalization
Lost in translation?
Syrjaenica : narratives, folklore and folk poetry from eight dialects of the Komi language. Vol. 2, Kolva and Usa
Storytelling in Chefchaouen Northern Morocco : an annotated study of oral performance with transliterations and translations
Brunei traditional poetry
