http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2293 support families
support families
Abstract: Identification and psychosocial support of families at psychosocial risk at maternity and child health centers.
Process evaluation of business subsidies in Finland : a quantitative approach
The myth of generational conflict : the family and state in ageing societies
Domestic violence, family law and school : children's right to participation, protection and provision
English summary.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Palliative care for children and families : an interdisciplinary approach
Routines-based early intervention : supporting young children and their families
Journey of hope and despair : the short-term outcome in schizophrenia and the experiences of caregivers of people with severe mental disorder
Factors supporting the coping process in parents with chronically ill or disabled children
Reshaping societies : HIV/AIDS and social change : a resource book for planning, programs and policy making
Psychosocial nursing : care of physically ill patients and their families
Working with families of young children with special needs
Promoting positive parenting : an attachment-based intervention
"Work is good for you" : lone mothers, children, work and well-being
Abstract: Multi professional cooperation supporting families having specific neurological difficulties.
Aging together : dementia, friendship, and flourishing communities
The state and the family : a comparative analysis of family policies in industrialized countries
Investing in children : policy, law and practice in context
From child welfare to child well-being : an international perspective on knowledge in the service of policy making
This unique volume is an outstanding tribute to Al Kahn one of the most influential researchers on children welfare in the 20th century and an impressive collection of 23 chapters written by leading researchers in the field. The book provides an exceptional opportunity to experience the history of the last 50 years of child welfare as well as its current status and future. The book chapters take us through the movement, from a deficit-oriented policy to a developmental model, from a targeted and selective strategy to a universal approach, from child welfare to child well being. Chapters contributed by world renowned experts from 6 countries and 4 continents, are organized in 5 clusters. The first one, which includes Al Kahn last written contribution to the field, looks at how children and families have changed over time as did the research on their well being. The next cluster of chapters focuses specifically on the traditional child welfare system. Following are several chapters on different theoretical perspectives in children welfare and well being. The fourth cluster of chapters focus on economic support for child and family well-being. Finally, the last cluster of chapters advance the agenda moving toward discussion of child well being. This book is a must for anyone interested in children welfare and well being in research, practice, advocacy and policy making arenas.
The way the crow flies
Physical therapy assessment in early infancy
Children exposed to violence
School engagement in three Senegalese secondary schools
Work incentives in single parent families
Family, dependence, and the origins of the welfare state : Britain and France, 1914-1945
"Never in human history have there been so many people entering old age -- roughly one-third of whom will experience some form of neurodegeneration as they age. This seismic demographic shift will force us all to rethink how we live and deal with our aging population.Susan H. McFadden and John T. McFadden propose a radical reconstruction of our societal understanding of old age. Rather than categorize elders based on their respective cognitive consciousness, the McFaddens contend that the only humanistic, supportive, and realistic approach is to find new ways to honor and recognize the dignity, worth, and personhood of those journeying into dementia. Doing so, they argue, counters the common view of dementia as a personal tragedy shared only by close family members and replaces it with the understanding that we are all living with dementia as the baby boomers age, early screening becomes more common, and a cure remains elusive. The McFaddens' inclusive vision calls for social institutions, especially faith communities, to search out and build supportive, ongoing friendships that offer hospitality to all persons, regardless of cognitive status. Drawing on medicine, social science, philosophy, and religion to provide a broad perspective on aging, Aging Together offers a vision of relationships filled with love, joy, and hope in the face of a condition that all too often elicits anxiety, hopelessness, and despair"--Provided by publisher.
Development of maternity clinic on the net service : views of pregnant families and professionals
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Abstract: Mother's care, shared parenthood - and freedom to choose. Argumentation in Finnish parental leave reforms from the 1970's to the 2000s.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2009 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2009.
Supporting dying children and their families : a handbook for Christian ministry
Abstract: Dimensions and possibilities in multipleparenthood.
The family dynamics of childbearing and childrearing families, related family demands and support received form child health clinics ; Tuovi Hakulinen
Parents between work and care : effects of the new cash benefit scheme
Effective grief and bereavement support : the role of family, friends, colleagues, schools, and support professionals
Enabling and empowering families : principles and guidelines for practice
Counselling parents of children with chronic illness or disability
Services integration for children and youth at risk and their families : the case of Finland
Toimeentulotuki 1998 = Utkomststöd 1998= Social Assistance 1998.
Children in Europe
Helping children and adolescents with chronic and serious medical conditions : a strengths-based approach
Support and  collaboration at a Christian day care centre : parents' opinions
Families in the shadow of cancer
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2010 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2010.
Celebrating families toolkit : simple, practical ways to enhance family life
Coparenting : a conceptual and clinical examination of family systems
Selected readings in family nursing from the finnish perspective
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Marital violence : the community response
A comparative study on last resort social assistance schemes in six European countries
Work-related stress and different sources of social support as determinants of burnout in middle-aged women
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
The work-family conflict and related social support among expatriates in dual-earner families
Relational subjects : family relations, law and gender in the European Court of Human Rights
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2011 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2011.
Families, ageing and social policy : intergenerational solidarity in European welfare states
Living one day at a time : Parental dilemmas of managing the experience and the care of childhood cancer
Family support : direction from diversity
Bridging the islands of society : modeling delinquency prevention through optimization of social support
Finland's family policy
Bereavement care for childbearing women and their families : an interactive workbook
Children and social welfare in Europe
Trap for women or freedom to choose? : political frames in the making of child home care allowance in Finland and Sweden
Support for a family in grief
Children, families and the welfare state : studies on the outcomes of the Finnish family policy
Crisis intervention strategies
Finnish family policy
Summary.
Early intervention : supporting and strengthening families
Living arrangements and their association to physical function at the ages of 90 and over
Early intervention with multi-risk families : an integrative approach
The participation of informal caregivers and care quality in the hospital care of elderly patients aged 75 or older : a time series study in three care settings
Family based services : a solution-focused approach ; Insoo Kim Berg
Resource-enhancing nursing at home for families with small children : evaluation of early interventions
Give and take in families : studies in resource distribution
Domestic Violence, Family Law and School discusses the ways in which domestic violence can impact on children's lives at pre-school and school. Disputes over parental responsibility, living arrangements or child contact can create difficulties not just for the child of disputing parents, but for all children at preschool or school, as well as for staff. This book uncovers new research on an under-explored area of children's lives and social work with vulnerable children and is shaped by a comparative lens that brings both similarities and differences between England, Wales and Sweden into focus. A theoretical framework for analyses of how welfare systems tackle domestic violence is elaborated and lessons for practice that can be drawn from the findings presented are highlighted.
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
