http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22954 cardiomyopathies
cardiomyopathies
Genetic studies of collagen types XV and XVIII : type XV collagen deficiency in mice results in skeletal myopathy and cardiovascular defects, while the homologous endostatin precursor type XVIII collagen is needed for normal development of the eye
Canine idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy : epidemiology, histopathology and pathophysiology
Occupational therapy and physical dysfunction : principles, skills and practice
Novel load-inducible factors in cardiac hypertrophy
Hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl 4-hydroxylase-2 in cardiac and skeletal muscle ischemia and metabolism
Virus-like particles for vaccine development
Cardiac hypertrophy is the primary adaptive mechanism of the heart to increased workload, though when advanced, it becomes a leading predictor for heart failure and sudden death. The growth stimulus elicited by a hemodynamic load is attributable to a combination of mechanical and neurohumoral factors, but the precise roles of individual growth promoting components are still unclear. This study utilized atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) and B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) as model genes with which to investigate the involvement and mechanisms of mechanical stress and peptide growth factors in hypertrophic response of cardiac myocytes.The direct effect of mechanical stretch was studied in two different in vitro models of cultured neonatal rat cardiomyocytes. In the first approach, hypo-osmotic swelling -induced stretch increased ANP mRNA levels in atrial cells. In the second model, cyclic mechanical stretch of ventricular cells grown on flexible membranes evoked ANP and BNP gene expression and secretion. The mechanisms of stretch-induced BNP gene expression were studied by measurement of the activities of transcription factors and by utilizing promoter analysis together with site specific mutations. Stretch activated the binding of the transcription factor GATA-4 similarly to pressure overload in vivo. Mutational studies revealed that specific GATA consensus sites on the BNP promoter, in combination with an Nkx-2.5 binding element, were critical for stretch-activated BNP transcription. Importantly, a reduction of GATA-4 protein levels inhibited the stretch-induced hypertrophic response. Both cyclic mechanical stretchin vitro and hemodynamic overload in vivo activated the expression of peptide growth factor bone morphogenetic protein-2 (BMP-2). The effects of BMP-2 closely resembled those of mechanical stretch including the increase in the expressions of ANP and BNP. Fu rthermore, the BMP antagonist noggin inhibited the effect of stretch on ANP and BNP. Fibroblast growth factor 1 stimulated ANP synthesis and secretion in a protein kinase C dependent manner.In conclusion, this work demonstrates that mechanical stretch per se is sufficient to activate the hypertrophic gene program in cardiac myocytes. This effect seems to be at least partially mediated by the growth factor BMP-2 acting in a paracrine manner. The activation of the GATA-4 transcription factor, in cooperation with a factor binding to the Nkx-2.5 binding element, is essential for mechanical stretch-induced cardiomyocyte hypertrophy.
On glucose metabolism in patients with the m.3243A>G mutation
Assessment of myocardial infarction injury by strain rate imaging and body surface potential mapping
Role of inflammation and extracellular matrix remodelling in dogs with cardiac and systemic diseases
Optimization of cardiomyocyte differentiation of human pluripotent stem cells
The molecular background of severe mitochondrial respiratory chain deficiencies in children and adults, with special emphasis on mitochondrial cardiomyopathies
Collagen XV as a matrix organizer : its function in the heart and its role together with laminin α4 in peripheral nerves
Health, functional limitations and need for care in Finland : summary and general conclusions
Intracellular calcium, preconditioning and regulation of cellular respiration in heart
Genetics of dilated cardiomyopathy in the Eastern Finnish population
Complement therapeutics
Genetic variants predisposing to cardiac arrhythmia disorders and sudden cardiac death
Molecular mechanisms of hypertension-induced heart failure : experimental studies with special emphasis on local renin-angiotensin system, cardiac metabolism and levosimendan
Occupational therapy : practice skills for physical dysfunction
Manual of medical-surgical nursing care : nursing interventions and collaborative management
The role and mechanisms of angiotensin II in regulating the natriuretic peptide gene expression in response to cardiac overload
Quantitave magnetic resonance imaging of the liver and heart in iron overload : methodology and the role of iron excess in hematological malignancies and allogeneic stem cell transplantation
Signaling pathways in myocyte hypertrophy : role of GATA4, mitogen-activated protein kinases and protein kinase C
Wnt-11 signaling roles during heart and kidney development
Vascular endothelial growth factor D : biology and function in transgenic and knockdown mice
Clinical and experimental studies on cardiomyocyte apoptosis in ischemia-reperfusion injury and myocardial protection during cardiac surgery
Mechanical stretch and peptide growth factors in the regulation of the hypertrophic response of cardiomyocytes : ANP and BNP as model genes
Characteristics of victims of non-ischemic sudden cardiac death
Determinants of outcome in adult cardiac surgery
Cardiac growth and regeneration
Companion animal nutrition
Vascular endothelial growth factors in left ventricular hypertrophy : the beneficial effects of VEGF-B gene therapy and exercise
Cardiac hypertrophy is an adaptive response to increased cardiac workload. It is initially beneficial, since it helps to maintain cardiac output, but ultimately it is considered as an independent predictor for heart failure and sudden cardiac death. The cardiac hypertrophic response is triggered by mechanical and neurohumoral stimuli and is associated with the activation of complex changes in gene programming and intracellular signaling pathways. The purpose of this study was to investigate the expression of some novel load-induced factors i.e. melusin, thrombospondin (TSP)-1 and -4 and LIM and cysteine-rich domains protein 1 (LMCD1)/dyxin during the hypertrophic response. Melusin was expressed in cardiac tissue both in the atria and ventricles, furthermore its expression was very rapidly activated in response to multiple hypertrophic stimuli predominantly in the left atria. Melusin gene expression was activated when cultured cardiac myocytes were subjected to mechanical stretch or hypertrophic agonists such as endothelin-1 or angiotensin (Ang II). TSP-1 and TSP-4 gene expressions were rapidly activated at an early stage of pressure overload. Myocardial infarction (MI) induced the expression of both TSP-4 and TSP-1 mRNA in the heart. TSP-4 may also be an endothelial cell-specific marker of pressure overload since its expression was limited to endothelial cells in the adult heart. The expression of LMCD1/dyxin was found to be induced during the cardiac hypertrophic response and after MI. By itself, mechanical load was a critical regulator of LMCD1/dyxin gene expression. LMCD1/dyxin is a putative novel p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) target since adenovirus-mediated overexpression of p38 MAPK upregulated LMCD1/dyxin expression. In addition, during the Ang II-induced pressure overload p38 MAPK phosphorylation levels correlated with the early induction of LMCD1/dyxin expression.In conclusion, this study provides new information on the expression of melusin, TSP-1 and -4 and LMCD1/dyxin in the cardiac hypertrophic response. Early induction of their gene expression may represent an initial step in the adaptive and protective remodeling processes following increased workload in the heart.
Myocardial metabolism and efficiency in patients with hypertrophic and idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy : with special reference to the effects of fatty acid depletion and betaoxidation inhibition
p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase and transcription factor GATA-4 in the regulation of cardiomyocyte function
Clinical decision making in rehabilitation : efficacy and outcomes
Anatomy, physiology and pathology : for complementary therapists: level 2 and 3
Myoblast sheet transplantation for treatment of heart failure after myocardial infarction
Diabetic cardiomyopathy and post-infarct ventricular remodelling : effects of levosimendan in a rodent model of type II diabetes
Stem cells : scientific facts and fiction
A guide to human gene therapy
