http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22920 Copepoda
Copepoda
Ecotoxicological assessment of chemicals by subchronic and chronic tests with copepods
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 5, Copepoda, Harpacticoida (Text)
Feeding and production of common planktonic copepods : the effect of food and temperature
Marine harpacticoids and cyclopoids from the shores of the St. Lawrence
Marine harpaticoids and cyclopoids from the shores of the St. Lawrence
Predation on females and males of a freshwater copepod
Population dynamics of Calanus in the North Atlantic : proceedings of an ICES Symposium held in Tromsø, Norway 24-27 August 1999
Vocalisation of bowhead whales (Balaena mysticetus) in Disko Bay, Western Greenland, in relation to zooplankton distribution
Introduction to the copepoda
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 4, parts 1-14, Copepoda, Calanoida
Community structure of Copepods on high Arctic saline lake compared to sill fjord, in Western Svalbard : with the emphasis on Calanus spp. and Pseudocalanus spp
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 8, parts 1-6, Copepoda, Monstrilloida & Notodelphyoida
The copepodologist's cabinet : a biographical and bibliographical history
Fauna of U.S.S.R. : Crustacea. Vol. 3, 3, Freshwater cyclopoida
Taxonomy and distribution of the marine calanoid copepod family Euchaetidae
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 5, Copepoda, Harpacticoida (Plates)
Benthic resting eggs in the life cycles of calanoid copepods in the northern Baltic Sea
Climate related changes in temperature, pH and food quality : effects on copepod reproduction
Effects of cyanobacteria on plankton and planktivores
Interactions between harmful algae and calanoid copepods in the Baltic Sea
Marine aquatic environment as a source of potential human pathogens : studies on prevalence, ecology and characterisation of Aeromonas spp. and Vibrio vulnificus isolated from marine environment
A review of copepoda associated with sea anemones and anemone-like forms (Cnidaria, Anthozoa)
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 6, Copepoda, Cyclopoida
Responses of zooplankton to cane sugar additions to a small humic lake, Alinen Mustajärvi
Henrik Krøyer's Publications on pelagic marine Copepoda (1838-1849)
