http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22900 telemark
telemark
Intrapreneurship : its importance for increasing market share
Communications outlook 1999.
Expansion and limits in EU television markets : audience, advertising and competition issues
A revolution from above? : the power state of 16th and 17th century Scandinavia
The culture and sport of skiing : from antiquity to World War II
OECD communications outlook
Regulators and competition spurring or retarding innovation in the telecommunications sector?
Engine or wheels of our prosperity? : infrastructure and economic growth and effects of liberalisation of the Finnish telecommunications market
Allen & Mike's really cool telemark tips : 109 amazing tips to improve your tele-skiing
Network effects in telecommunications : when entrants are welcome
Liberalisation, regulation and universal service provision in the European telecommunications markets
Tun og vassdrag : Telemarks typologier = Farm and waterway : Telemark - typologies : Kunstnernes Hus, Oslo, 18. april - 31. mai 1998 : Telemark fylkesgalleri, Notodden, 12. juni - 26. juli 1998 / [curator & essay: Øivind Storm Bjerke]
Regulation and entry into telecommunications markets
Wireless horizon : strategy and competition in the worldwide mobile marketplace
Strategic groups and performance of the firm : towards a new competitive environment in the Finnish telecommunications industry
Chinese EMS&ODM company analysis
OECD Communications outlook 2011 /.
Starting collaboration in supply chain with a telecom market customer in Russia
Interneteconomics.net : macroeconomics, deregulation, and innovation
Feedback mechanisms in the evolution of networks : the installed user base and innovation in the communications sector
Essays on competition in e-markets
Sedimentology of the Mesoproterozoic Telemark basin-fills, South Norway : implications for sedimentation processes, depositional environments and tectonic evolution
Ski wild and free with telemark
Controlling market power in telecommunications : antitrust vs sector-specific regulation
Free-heel skiing : telemark and parallel techniques for all conditions
The race to European eminence : who are the coming tele-service multinationals?
Lithostratigraphy of the Mesoproterozoic Oftefjell group, central Telemark, Norway
Action of effluent from a tourist center on a peatland ecosystem in Norway
Finnish telecom policy
Digital integration, growth and rational regulation
Marketing moves : a new approach to profits, growth, and renewal
The telecoms trade war : the United States, the European Union, and the World Trade Organisation
Lithostratigraphy of the lower part of the Lifjell group, Telemark, Norway
The vegetation of the forest-alpine transition in the Grunningsdalen area, Telemark, S. Norway
The Mesoproterozoic sub-Svinsaga unconformity, central Telemark, Norway
Network industries and social welfare : the experiment that reshuffled European utilities
A comprehensive history of skiing from its earliest origins to the outbreak of World War II, this book traces the transformation of what for centuries remained an exclusively utilitarian practice into the exhilarating modern sport we know today. E. John B. Allen places particular emphasis on the impact of culture on the development of skiing, from the influence of Norwegian nationalism to the role of the military in countries as far removed as Austria, India, and Japan. Although the focus is on Europe, Allen's analysis ranges all over the snow-covered world, from Algeria to China to Zakopane. He also discusses the participation of women and children in what for much of its history remained a male-dominated sport. -- Of all the individuals who contributed to the modernization of skiing before World War II, Allen identifies three who were especially influential: Fridtjof Nansen of Norway, whose explorations on skis paradoxically inspired the idea of skiing as sport; Arnold Lunn of England, whose invention of downhill skiing and the slalom were foundations of the sport's globalization; and Hannes Schneider, whose teachings introduced both speed and safety into the sport. -- Underscoring the extent to which ancient ways persisted despite modernization, the book ends with the Russo-Finnish War, a conflict in which the Finns, using equipment that would have been familiar a thousand years before, were able to maneuver in snow that had brought the mechanized Soviet army to a halt.
Letters from the war of ecosystems : an analysis of independent software vendors in mobile application marketplaces
