http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22970 net calls
net calls Internet calls
Sip : understanding the Session Initiation Protocol
FreeSWITCH 1.0.6 : build robust high performance telephony systems using FreeSWITCH
The cable and telecommunications professionals' reference. Vol. 1, PSTN, IP and cellular networks, and mathematical techniques
Hacking exposed : unified communications & VoIP security secrets & solutions
Scalable VoIP mobility : integration and deployment
Position yourself at the forefront of audio and broadcast studio technology by learning audio over IP. You will gain knowledge of IP network engineering as it applies to audio applications, and then progress to a full understanding of how equipment built on Ethernet and Internet Protocol are used in today's audio production and broadcast facilities for the transporting, mixing and processing of pro-quality audio. A chapter on integrating Voice-over IP telephony (VoIP) to pro-audio and broadcast facilities is also included. Using the popular Livewire technology, you will learn how to design, construct, configure and troubleshoot an AoIP system, including how to interface with PCs, VoIP telephone PBXs, IP codecs, and the Internet. See how AoIP systems work in practice, and discover their distinct advantages over older audio infrastructures. With its complete introduction to AoIP technology in a fun, highly readable style, this book is essential for audio professionals who want to broaden their knowledge of IP-based studio systems - or for IT experts who need to understand AoIP applications.
RSS for educators : blogs, newsfeeds, podcasts and wikis in the classroom
CCNP switch 642-813 official certification guide
The IMS : IP multimedia concepts and services
The purpose of this thesis is based on a daily basis encounter to VoIP and security issues involved. Voice over IP (VoIP) is a telephone technology which converts analogue data signal to digital data and transfer them over the internet. VoIP users and service providers need to be aware that there are ordinary people with the knowledge on how to manipulate the system who are constantly trying to attack VoIP technologies, either for fun or for a worse reason.    The aim of the thesis is to better understand the security threats related to VoIP, the mechanics in how this attacks are carried out and mainly how to secure our communication in our day to day interaction with VoIP technology.    The research is based on written sources, a practical approach to a network analyzer and a supplementary interview conducted. The scope of the thesis is limited to main security threats.    The result of this thesis will ensure that organizations and individuals who are planning to implement or already use VoIP to communicate are taking precautionary measures to avoid security problems such as credential theft, eavesdropping, denial of service and other manipulative misuse of the system.
Fixed-mobile wireless networks convergence : technologies, solutions, services
Analysis and evaluation of the security concerns of VoIP services on smart phones : a case study of the Android-based phones.
The video-communication system
Monitoring and reporting of the Cisco Unified Communications environment
Implementing voice over internet protocol (VoIP) with Java
Voice over ip security : a comprehensive survey of vulnerabilities and academic research
VoIP : wireless, P2P and New Enterprise Voice Over IP
Network design for IP convergence
Price level of the Finnish telecommunications charges 2005
Abstract.
A Contac Center is very important part of corporation's service concept. A Contact Center could be the only personal contact with the customer during the year. The corporate assigning the pre-study task is running a Contact Center with unsupported telephony switches and integration towards advanced contact handling Genesys solution is also unsupported. Unsupported versions in switches are causing challenges to both maintenance and enhancements. Lack of capacity between Contact Center locations is real challenge in peak periods. Thus, the corporation is well aware of the importance and the need for changes. The purpose of this pre-study was to clarify different alternatives to secure voice traffic in Contact Centers and to find a solution as for getting the telephony infra-structure into a supported level. In addition, the aim was also to identify requirements regarding the backup system. This pre-study was mainly carried out in workshops together with vendors. In these workshops, the purpose was to clarify available alternatives considering also infrastructural demand as well as the integration demands and costs issues. The study indicated that IP-technology seemed to be the best solution. However, this solution would require changes for the entire Contact Center infrastructure at the same time, therefore it could not be recommended for an immediate solution. Centralised PBX solution either leased or as purchased service would give more time to arrange integrations to IP-technology required level.  With this solution also voice traffic will be secured in short term. Voice traffic between different locations will be arranged using IP-technology. With suggested solution, the bottleneck from traditional voice traffic connections between locations is turned into network bandwidth requirements. Network bandwidth requirement could be handled and implemented more easily than traditional telephone voice connections.
VoIP handbook : applications, technologies, reliability, and security
Triple play : building the converged network for IP, VoIP and IPTV
Pre-study on upgrading a Contact Center switch infrastructure
Securing Voice over IP
LTE for UMTS-OFDMA and SC-FDMA based radio access
VoIP-application development for Symbian-based phones
Investigation of VoIP and implementation
The technology toolbelt for teaching
Developing hybrid applications for the iPhone : using HTML, CSS, and java Script to build dybamic apps for the iPhone
Analysis anf implementation of IP network video confrence system
SIP handbook : services, technologies, and security of Session Initiation Protocol
Tapping VoIP : on the susceptibility of VoIP to the "Man in the Middle" -attacks
Implementing QoS for VoIP in a Local Area Network (LAN)
Inter-Asterisk exchange (IAX) deployment scenarios in SIP-enabled networks
Ensuring voice quality and quality of experience for Internet Protocol Telephone users in a WLAN environment
Deployment of VoIP in business through a wireless LAN
Practical analysis of voice quality problems of Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP).
Prices of mobile calls in 2006 : international comparison
Researching and implementing a VoIP system for Active Mind Solutions Ltd
JUNOS enterprise switching
Setting up Linux based network system
Droid X for dummies
Quality of service and resource management in IP and wireless networks
"Establish a holistic security stance by learning to view your Internet telephony infrastructure through the eyes of the nefarious cyber-criminal. Hacking ExposedTM Unified Communications & VoIP, Second Edition offers thoroughly expanded coverage of today's rampant threats alongside ready-to-deploy countermeasures. Find out how to block TDoS, toll and social engineering fraud, service abuse, voice phishing, voice SPAM/SPIT, eavesdropping, and man-in-the-middle exploits. This comprehensive guide features all-new chapters, case studies, and examples"--
Audio over IP : building pro AoIP systems with Livewire
Introduction to data multicasting : [IP multicast streaming for audio and video media distribution]
Voice over IP in wireless heterogenous networks : signalling, mobility, and security
