http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22971 attempted murders
attempted murders
Inglourious basterds : Kunniattomat paskiaiset
Nervous system medications and suicidal ideation and behaviour:the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Malala Yousafzai : education campaigner
Royal flush
Secret Germany : Stauffenberg and the mystical crusade against Hitler
Age of assassins : a history of conspiracy and political violence 1865-1981
Crawford Hunt wants his daughter back. Following the death of his wife four years ago, Crawford, a Texas Ranger, fell into a downward spiral that left him relegated to deskwork and with his five-year-old daughter Georgia in the custody of her grandparents. But Crawford has cleaned up his act, met all the court imposed requirements, and now the fate of his family lies with Judge Holly Spencer. Holly, ambitious and confident, temporarily occupies the bench of her recently deceased mentor. With an election upcoming, she must prove herself worthy of making her judgeship permanent. When a masked gunman barges in during the custody hearing with his sights on the judge, Crawford reacts instinctually and goes after him. But authorities apprehend the wrong man, and the real gunman remains unknown, at large, and a threat. Will this take-charge lawman jeopardize his chances of custody by going after the would-be assassin? And will this unlikely pair be able to deny the forbidden attraction building between them / WorldCat.
I am Malala : the girl who stood up for education and was shot by the Taliban
The shadow of your smile
The case of the missing servant : from the files of Vish Puri, India's 'Most Private Investigator'
In a heartbeat
Shooting Victoria : madness, mayhem, and the rebirth of the British monarchy
Not dead yet
The Thornthwaite betrayal
The day of the jackal
A brief history of seven killings
Malala : how one girl stood up for education and changed the world
The pact : a love story
Horrible bosses
Mental disorders among burn patients
The last breath
Without fail
Wallace at bay
The testament
I am Malala : The Girl who stood up for education and was shot by the Taliban
Ashes of remembrance : a novel
1930's London: Poor Lady Georgiana - thirty-fourth in line to the throne - has been sent home due to a little scandal. Now she must keep the entirely unsuitable Mrs. Simpson from seducing the Prince of Wales - and help Scotland Yard by preventing someone from shooting the Prince of Wales instead of quails.
Friction
Are you afraid of the dark?
The long kiss goodnight
The woman who wouldn't die
The serpent of Venice
Killing Reagan : the violent assault that changed a presidency
Personal : [A Jack Reacher thriller]
A gothic novel featuring twins with a deadly rivalry, mysterious deaths, a fortune to be inherited and any amount of dodgy dealings.
The crime of poison in the Middle Ages
Malala : the girl who stood up for education and changed the world
Only the river runs free : a novel
The jackal
Body of lies : a novel
The holy assasin
Her pain is constant. And the danger is real. Monica suffers from chronic neuropathic pain. Every second of her life is spent in agony, and she is coping with it the best she can. However, there are whole years of her life which are a blur to her. Then Monica finds a suicide note, in her handwriting, saying she is going to end it all. Did she write it? She has no memory of doing so and as she reads the message again, she begins to suspect that someone tried to kill her once - and now they're trying to do so again.
The Thornthwaite inheritance
Killing Hitler : the plots, the assassins, and the dictator who cheated death
The liar
Kinder than solitude : a novel
"Over 800 000 people die by suicide every year – that's one person every 40 seconds. Yet these deaths are preventable. In WHO's first suicide report “Preventing suicide: a global imperative” information is included on what is known about suicide across the world, groups at particular risk of suicide, and what can be done at both societal and individual level to reduce the number of deaths from suicide." --
The broker
The day of the Jackal
The Brooker
The sixty greatest conspiracies of all time : history's biggest mysteries, coverups, and cabals
Keeper of the bride
Scarecrow
Long-term outcome of depressive disorders in primary health care
Inglourious basterds
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne objective : a new Jason Bourne novel
Faces in the crowd
One way or another
Rain on the dead
"In these pages, French medievalist Franck Collard examines the perception of the crime of poisoning in the West from about 500 to 1500. His primary sources of information are chronicles that cover the entire medieval period and legal texts that are limited to the late medieval centuries. In order to portray the "culture" of murder by poisoning in the West, he takes into account Byzantine and Islamic documents, as well as ancient texts such as the Scriptures and the writings of Roman historians, both of which were widely known in the Middle Ages." "The resulting volume is concerned with the criminal actions that involve poison and not poison as such. Poisonous substances as such are described only when necessary for an understanding of a crime. What is important here is an examination of the ways the alleged crime was perceived in contemporary minds. Poisoning avoids the use of violence. It was committed without a drawn weapon or bloodshed in a world in which wounds, swords, knives, and clubs represented aggression and in which the flow of blood determined the gravity of the crime. Necessarily involving preparation and secrecy, it was often perpetrated treacherously during a meal, a particularly heinous act in a universe that was united by the companionship of a meal and the sociability of drinking. The special horror associated with poisoning resulted from the treachery of those close to the victim - and a sudden death that prevented a final confession of sins."--BOOK JACKET.
Hell's corner
The witcher 2 : assassins of kings : enhanced edition : Xbox 360.
Operation Valkyrie : the German generals' plot against Hitler
Secret Germany : Claus von Stauffenberg and the mystical crusade against Hitler
Personal : a Jack Reacher novel
Treasure of Khan : [a Dirk Pitt novel]
Tough customer
Bullying behaviour in relation to psychiatric disorders, suicidality and criminal offences:a study of under-age adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
