http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22963 figurative art
figurative art
Imagining the contemporary body : selected works of art from the Philippines, Singapore and Malaysia : Valentine Willie Fine Art, Kuala Lumpur, 11 September - 6 October 1996
The world new made : figurative painting in the twentieth century
Picturing people : the new state of the art
Modern painting
Between figurative and non-figurative - notes on contemporary art
Varieties of modernism / edited by Paul Wood
This handbook offers students and researchers compact orientation in their study of intermedial phenomena in Anglophone literary texts and cultures by introducing them to current academic debates, theoretical concepts and methodologies. By combining theory with text analysis and contextual anchoring, it introduces students and scholars alike to a vast field of research which encompasses concepts such as intermediality, multi- and plurimediality, intermedial reference, transmediality, ekphrasis, as well as related concepts such as visual culture, remediation, adaptation, and multimodality, which are all discussed in connection with literary examples. Hence each of the 30 contributions spans both a theoretical approach and concrete analysis of literary texts from different centuries and different Anglophone cultures.
Haava = The wound
Timothy Hyman argues that figuration never went away; abstraction was just one of the ways by which artists renewed pictorial language. This book is structured not as a general survey, but as an in-depth exploration of over 130 specific paintings, and accompanying artists' writings. Focusing on those painters who took a contrary path, he presents a case for these artists as a resistance of sorts. Starting with the oppressive stylistic imperative that set in as Cubism became a movement, he guides us through the Neue Sachlichkeit response to Expressionism, Intimism, 'outsiders' and the aftermath of Abstract Expressionism, towards a new kind of history painting. He shows how abstraction becomes a midwife to a new kind of figuration. A celebration of the richness of human-centred painting over the last century, Timothy Hyman's lavishly illustrated new book brings these often-marginalized artists centre stage. Together they offer a counter-argument to Western formalism, and a foundation for the figurative painters of the 21st century.
Out of time : Philip Guston and the refiguration of postwar American art
The dada/surrealist heritage : an exhibition : Sterling and Francine Clark Art Institute, Williamstown, May 3-June 12, 1977 / edited by Sam Hunter ; an exhibition prepared by students in Williams College-Clark Art Institute Graduate program in the History of Art
Handbook of intermediality : literature - image - sound - music
A brush with the real : figurative painting today
