http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22949 clerks
clerks
Scribal practices and approaches reflected in the texts found in the Judean desert
Bilingual notaries in Hellenistic Egypt : a study of language use
The historical source book for scribes
Scribes and illuminators
Their hands before our eyes : a closer look at scribes : the Lyell lectures delivered in the University of Oxford 1999
The secret book of sacred things
Scribes and the city : London Guildhall clerks and the dissemination of Middle English literature, 1375-1425
A fast-growing legal system and economy in medieval and early modern Rome saw a rapid increase in the need for written documents. "Brokers of Public Trust" examines the emergence of the modern notarial profession - free market scribes responsible for producing original legal documents and their copies. Notarial acts often go unnoticed, but they are essential to understanding the history of writing practices and attitudes toward official documentation. Based on new archival research, "Brokers of Public Trust" focuses on the government officials, notaries, and consumers who regulated, wrote, and purchased notarial documents in Rome between the 14th and 18th centuries. Historian Laurie Nussdorfer chronicles the training of professional notaries and the construction of public archives, explaining why notarial documents exist, who made them, and how they came to be regarded as authoritative evidence. In doing so, Nussdorfer describes a profession of crucial importance to the people and government of the time, as well as to scholars who turn to notarial documents as invaluable and irreplaceable historical sources. This magisterial new work brings fresh insight into the essential functions of early modern Roman society and the development of the modern state.
Essays looking at the process of teaching and learning to write in the middle ages, with evidence drawn from across Europe.
The name of the rose
Summary
A conspectus of scribal hands writing English, 960-1100
Comprehensive, annotated list of over a thousand Anglo-Saxon scribal hands, linking them to place and manuscript.
This unique five volume set provides a comprehensive resource of the most significant published papers on book history in the West starting with the codex and finishing in the 20th century. The editors have carefully selected the best literature from a wealth of relatively inaccessible sources and written substantial introductions which provide an overview of the period. The papers are reproduced in entirety with their original page numbers to aid comprehensive research and accurate referencing. Together the volumes provide an essential compendium for students and scholars of book history.
This monograph is written in the form of a handbook on the scribal features of the texts found in the Judean Desert (the Dead Sea Scrolls). It deals in detail with the material, shape, and preparation of the scrolls; scribes and scribal activity; scripts, writing conventions, errors and their correction, scribal signs; scribal traditions; differences between different types of scrolls (e.g., biblical and non-biblical scrolls), the possible existence of scribal schools, such as that at Qumran. In most categories, the analysis is meant to be exhaustive. The detailed analysis is accompanied by tens of tables as well as annotated illustrations and charts of scribal signs. The findings have major implications for the study of the scrolls and the understanding of their relationship to scribal traditions in Israel and elsewhere.
Brokers of public trust : notaries in early modern Rome
Teaching writing, learning to write : proceedings of the XVIth Colloquium of the Comité International de Paléographie Latine : held at the Institute of English Studies, University of London, 2-5 September 2008
Scribal authorship and the writing of history in medieval England
The history of the book in the West
The scribes and scholars of the city of Emar in the Late Bronze Age
Practice makes perfect : P. Cotsen-Princeton 1 and the training of scribes in Byzantine Egypt
The diverse enterprises of Šumu-Ukin from Babylon
Two middle Assyrian contracts housed in Istanbul
Obscure hands - trusted men : textualization, the office of the city scribe and the written management of information and communication of the council of Reval (Tallinn) before 1460
