http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2290 protection (activity)
protection (activity)
Natural resource conservation : an ecological approach
Promoting human rights : human rights defenders as actors of social change
Emissions into air by industry
The manatee scientists : saving vulnerable species
Open Journal of Forestry
The preservation of species : the value of biological diversity
Protection of historical monuments in peoples's Poland
Investor protection : origins, consequences, reform
Aquatic Invasions : International Journal of Research on Biological Invasions in Aquatic Ecosystems
Investor protection and corporate valuation
Biological treatment of car wash waste waters : a reduction survey
The clown service
Hope for animals and their world : how endangered species are being rescued from the brink
Regional variation and conservation of mire ecosystems : summary of papers
Non-renewable resources extraction programs and markets
Diversity and conservation needs of crop wild relatives in Finland
Torn
Conservation genetics of endemic Indirana frogs of the Western Ghats biodiversity hotspot
Active maintenance of monuments, groups and areas of buildings of historical or artistic interest within the context of regional planning : preservation and rehabilitation of groups and areas of buildings of historical or artistic interest, the Hague, 22nd-27th May 1967, Report
Better off dead
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Cryopreservation in Horticultural Species : Leuven, Belgium, April 5-8, 2009
Atlas of high conservation value areas, and analysis of gaps and representativeness of the protected area network in northwest Russia : Arkhangelsk, Vologda, Leningrad, and Murmansk Regions, Republic of Karelia, and City of St. Petersburg
Losing strands in the web of life : vertebrate declines and the conservation of biological diversity
International forest conservation : protected areas and beyond : a discussion paper for the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests
Proceedings : international conference on the safeguarding of tangible and intangible cultural heritage : towards an integrated approach = Actes : conférence internationale sur la sauvegarde du patrimoine culturel matériel et immatériel : vers une approche intégrée
Workshop on the development and management of marine protected areas : May 7th to 15th, Kasnäs - Finland
International campaign for monuments
Fennoscandian Lesser White-fronted Goose conservation project : report 2001-2003
Ecosystem rescue : when protection is not enough
Tourists' interest in participating sustainability activities while travelling
Coastal lagoons in Estonia and in the Central Baltic Sea region : development history, geology and hydrology, biodiversity and nature conservation value
Traditionally protected forests̕ role within transforming natural resource management regimes in Taita Hills, Kenya
The aim of the research is to identify what result brings the balancing between the protection of personal data and the protection of intellectual property rights undertaken by the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) in its recent jurisprudence. The research should explain three main questions: first, why the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses belong to the personal data. Second, if it would be legitimate to place the liability for identifying and blocking the IPR infringements on the internet service providers only Third, what is the rationale for the position of the CJEU not to accept such claims of IPR holders. The author searches to find out whether the CJEU jurisprudence indicates that there is a certain hierarchy between data protection and IPR protection..
Parks for biodiversity : policy guidance based on experience in ACP countries
Although they accommodate a wide variety of endemic flora and fauna, the indigenous mountain rain forests of East Africa are being depleted. Some patches remain in Taita Hills of Kenya and benefit from their management as forest reserves, with limited access to local communities, by the Kenyan government. Recently, through the Forest Act 2005, the government began to grant user rights to forest adjacent dwellers through participatory forest management initiatives. We conducted this study in February 2007 among groups engaged in forest-related activities and living near the Ngangao, Mbololo, Mwambirwa and Chawia forest reserves in order to offer insights into local people's perceptions about benefits and constraints of participation in forest management during the transformation of the forest policy. Our respondents considered efforts to conserve forests for ecological services, namely water catchment and biodiversity maintenance important. Sustainable future use of forest products, especially firewood and medicinal plants were emphasized. However, shortcomings, such as inadequate access to updated information about management practices and legal rights, hampered participation. The respondents viewed this as working without proper tools, which, they stated, may gradually lead to unsuccessful conservation efforts, and felt that the government still prohibits full community participation.
Improving the dewatering of marine sediment using a combination of geotextile and electrokinetic treatment
Fire and forest : the International Forest Fire Symposium in Kajaani 13.-14.11.2007
Continental conservation : scientific foundations of regional reserve networks
Possibilities for increased carbon sequestration through the implementation of rational forest management in Russia
Preserving wildlife : an international perspective
Defeat the enemy. Win the boy. Live happily ever after. But life "ever after" isn't as easy as it used to be. Harper's gone from being a member of a small demon lair to co-Prime of one of the most powerful lairs in the US with a mate who, though hot as hell, is just a mite overprotective - I mean, you get kidnapped by dark practitioners just once...  Then one of Knox's demons goes rogue, and in his madness decides Knox Thorne must die. Harper's worried. Knox isn't - at least until he discovers his mate's willingness to get between him and danger.  Now, Knox has a new priority: Keep Harper safe ...no matter what it takes. But Harper begins to suspect there's more danger than one rogue demon. It seems the combined strength of Harper and Knox has upset the balance of power in the demon world and there are those who are determined to right that wrong. Because when you move up the food chain, sometimes the other predators just want to take a bigger bite.
Keys to success in a community-based management program for yellow-spotted river turtle (Podocnemis unifilis) in Pacaya Samiria national reserve, Peru
Green public procurement and eco-labels
Environmental impact assessment methodologies
The Impact of Applying Rolling Highway on State Company for Land Transport in Iraq
Rising ecological awareness in Chinese contemporary art : an analysis of the cultural environment
Saving biological diversity : balancing protection of endangered species and ecosystems
Ecology and conservation of birds in urban environments
They fight like soldiers, they die like children
Genetic structure of Tetraclinis articulata, an endangered conifer of the western Mediterranean basin
Trees and forests : a colour guide : biology, pathology, propagation, silviculture, surgery, biomes, ecology, conservation
Does a voluntary conservation program result in a representative protected area network? : The case of Finnish privately owned forests
The yellow cab
Indicator species : an important tool when preserving the cultural landscape
The Business of Bees provided the first integrated account of diminishing bee populations, as well as other pollinators, from an interdisciplinary perspective. It explores the role of corporate responsibility and governance as they relate to this critical issue and examines what the impact will be on consumers, companies, stock markets and ultimately on global society if bee populations continue to decline at a dangerous rate. The book considers the issue of global bee population decline from a variety of disciplines, collecting the perspectives of academics in accounting, science and humanities, with those of practitioners in the finance industry. The chapters explore the impact of the rapid declines in pollinator populations on the natural world, on corporations, on the stock market and on accounting. The Business of Bees will be essential reading for those in academia, business and finance sectors and anyone invested in the future of our planet.
Policy for the preservation and rehabilitation : implementation of the policy for the preservation and rehabilitation of groups and areas of buildings of historical or artistic interest, Avignon, 30 September - 5 October 1968, Report
The dinner
Drinking Molotov cocktails with Gandhi
Protection of mankind's cultural heritage : sites and monuments
Blue hope : exploring and caring for earth's magnificent ocean
Angels : an introduction
Protection of the heritage of indigenous people
Analiz organičenij lesopol'zovaniâ ha osobo ohranâemyh prirodnyh territoriâh i v malonarušennyh lesah Respubliki Kareliâ = The analysis of wood harvesting restrictions in conservation areas and old-growth forests of the Republic of Karelia
The secret rescuers : the baby firebird
Review of progress at industrial hot spots
Inventory of valuable cultural landscapes, nature protection areas and points of historical and cultural value
The construction of built heritage : a North European perspective on policies, practices and outcomes
European Code of Conduct for Botanic Gardens on Invasive alien species
Global energy economics and climate protection report 2009
The publications of professor Pekka Nuorteva
Ferruginous duck: from research to conservation : International meeting proceedings 11-14 October 2002, Sofia, Bulgaria
Cultural landscapes of universal value : components of a global strategy
The myth of wild Africa : conservation without illusion
Development Plan of Nature Centre Concept in Yyteri, Pori. Benefiting the Baltic Sea Challenge by a Registered Trademark.
Analysis of regional climate strategies in the Barents region
Until death do us part. 4
Until death do us part. [5]
The secret speech
Irish peatland conservation plan 2000
The race
Until death do us part. 2
The pterodactyl hunters in the gilded city
The business of bees : an integrated approach to bee decline and corporate responsibility
Ecological efficiency of voluntary conservation of boreal-forest biodiversity
Major conservation issues of the 1990s : results of the World Conservation Congress Workshops, Montreal, Canada, 13-23 October 1996
Part of a small demon lair in North Las Vegas, tattooist Harper Wallis lives a pretty simple life. That changes overnight when she discovers that her psychic mate, or ‘anchor’, is a guy who’s rumored to be the most powerful demon in existence. Compelling, full of secrets and armed with raw sexuality, Knox Thorne is determined to claim her as his anchor, creating a psychic bond that will prevent their inner demons from ever turning rogue. The billionaire also wants Harper in his bed. She’s not so sure she wants either of those things. No one seems to know what breed of demon Knox is, only that he’s more dangerous than anything she’s ever before encountered. But he refuses to walk away. And when an unknown danger starts closing in on Harper, it seems that Knox is the only one who can keep her safe.  As Prime of his Las Vegas lair and a successful businessman, Knox Thorne is used to being in control. He’s also used to people fearing and obeying him. Harper does neither, which unexpectedly amuses him. Unpredictable, elusive, and complex, she draws Knox and his inner demon like nothing ever has. Knox is used to getting what he wants, and he wants Harper. He’ll have her, and he’ll keep her safe from the threat that looms over her. Because Knox protects what’s his. He won’t allow anyone to take her from him. Even if it will mean letting the demon inside him rise and wreak the havoc it was created to make.
Meri Valvoo & Pallomeri : ethico-aesthetic interventions in public space
The man who plants trees
A tiger's tale : the indian tiger's struggle for survival in the wild
Promoting regional development through management of natural resources : basis and background for action
The dolphin in the mirror : exploring dolphin minds and saving dolphin lives
The national crop wild relative strategy report for Finland
The conservation of ecosystems and species
Sea turtles are affected by a range of different factors, some natural and others caused by human activities, including fishing operation. As a result, all sea turtles species whose conservation status has been assessed are considered to be threatened or endangered. These guidelines provide assistance for the preparation of national or multilateral fisheries management measures and industry initiatives that may help to conserve sea turtles by reducing the negative impacts that fisheries may have on them. They present our best understanding of how to reduce the proportion of caught turtles that are killed as a result of interactions with marine capture fisheries. These guidelines include information about how to change fishing gear and fishing methods and how the fishing industry can adopt voluntary approaches to reduce sea turtle mortality.--Publisher's description.
Risk assessment of modern landfill structures in Finland
A symposium on the dingo
There is a strong relationship between the media and intellectual property. On the one hand, intellectual property goods are created because they are transmitted through the media, on the other hand media can only work by creating goods of intellectual property. The development of media society set before intellectual property law many challenges. Both law practitioners and academics ask whether the law follows the media and their spectacular development, and whether the law meets expectations of media society. The answers to these questions are negative, but fortunately law tries not to be further than a step behind the progress, not only by creating new legal frameworks that meet the needs, but also, and perhaps above all, thanks to the progressive interpretation of traditional legal rules..
Materials of the International Conference "Innovative policies for heritage safeguarding and cultural tourism development" : 24 November 2005 - 27 November 2005, Moscow, Kremlin Museums, Russia
Northern landscapes : "Implementation of the European Landscape Convention in the North Calotte Area Municipalities" : conference in Inari, Finland 7-9 September 2011
Fire and forest : internationellt skogsbrandssymposium i Kajana 13.-14.11.2007.
TRADE UNIONISM AND WORKERS PROTECTION IN FINLAND : A  Case Study of PAM (PALVELUALOJEN AMMATTILITTO PAM ry)
Tammelan Kyynärän alueen rantojensuojelusta = On preservation of shores in the Kyynärä area in Tammela
Dolphins, porpoises, and whales : 1994-1998 action plan for conservation of cetaceans
Fairies 101 : an introduction to connecting, working and healing with the fairies and other elementals
Abstracts : third European IRPA Congress : 14-18 June 2010, Helsinki, Finland
Guidelines for using the BioRap methodology and tools
Quantitative conservation genetics of the rare plants Scabiosa canescens (Dipsacaceae) and Silene diclinis (Caryophyllaceae)
Dolphin song
Midterm assessment of MAP (Meso-American Agro-environmental Program)
New methods of processing personal data vs. professional secrecy of lawyers difficult relation?: data protection perspective
Estrategias relativas al patrimonio cultural mundial : la salvaguardia en un mundo globalizado : principios, prácticas y perspectivas = Strategies for he world's cultural heritage : preservation in a globalised world : principles, practices, perspectives = Stratégies pour le patrimoine culturel du monde : la conservation dans un monde globalisé : principes, pratiques, perspectives
Jalla : bulletin of the Finnish Expert group on Hemiptera
Living planet report 2016 : risk and resilience in a new era
Conservation of rare or little-known species : biological, social, and economic considerations
Proceedings = Actes
Mind games
The character of towns : an approach to conservation
Living collections of botanic gardens as a means of ex situ conservation : a case study of African violets (Saintpaulia) in Europe
The benefits and constraints of participation in forest management. The case of Taita Hills, Kenya
Synoptic summary of principal legislative measures concerning bird protection : Europe (January 1932) = Synopsis des principales mesures législatives concernant la protection des oiseaux : Europe (statut en janvier 1932)
Until death do us part. 3
"In this third book of the Sundering series kicked off by R.A. Salvatore and the dark elf Drizzt, SCRIBE award-winning author Erin M. Evans thrusts her signature character Farideh into a maelstrom of devilish politics and magical intrigue that will have far-reaching implications for the future of the Forgotten Realms.  As the chaos of the Sundering rages around her, young warlock Farideh faces a more personal turmoil wrought by a deal she made with a devil years ago. Hoping to protect her twin sister, she leaves everything she holds dear to assist a wizard in a scheme that pits the devils of the Nine Hells against the gods above.  But when Farideh casts the spell to enter the wizard's remote mountaintop fortress, she picks up a stowaway--a Harper agent named Dahl who isn't so inclined to follow devilish demands. Dahl attempts to escape only to run into a village of odd people, lurking behind an impenetrable wall.  Forced to gaze into the villagers' souls, Farideh points out the ones who seem different, only to watch as the wizard's guard carts them off to fates unknown. Are these villagers or prisoners? Are they blessed or doomed by the gods? As the wizard's guessing game proves more and more diabolical, Farideh resolves to unravel his secrets--even if it means she'll lose her own soul to the Nine Hells"--
Rehabilitation of suburban areas Brozzi and Le Piagge neighbourhoods : diploma workshop in Florence 2004/05
Not dead yet
Habitats for birds in Europe : a conservation strategy for the wider environment
Preservation and presentation of rock art
The existence of dominant companies such as Microsoft, Google, Facebook, etc. result in a dangerous situation in terms of abuses of data protection and data security legislation. It is important to specify the term “dominant” or “dominance” as, in my opinion, the existing definition from a competition law perspective does not apply to the situation concerning privacy and data protection. So far law has not presented any other sufficient way to describe “dominance”..
Raising children in a digital age : enjoying the best, avoiding the worst
The rescue princesses : the magic rings
Guidelines to reduce sea turtle mortality in fishing operations
Conservation of fungi in Europe : proceedings of the 4th meeting of the European Council for the Conservation of fungi, Vipiteno (Sterzing, Italy) 9-14 September 1997
Protection of cultural property in the event of armed conflict
Biodiversity conservation information system : framework for information sharing : executive overview = Sistema de información para la conservación diversidad biológica : sistema para compartir información : sinopsis ejecutiva = Système d'information sur la conservation de la biodiversité : cadre d'échange de l'information : synopsis
Health and Environment in Sustainable Development: Five Years after the Earth Summit : Executive summary
The reviving of monuments : preservation and development of groups and areas of building of historical or artistic interest, Vienna 4th-8th October 1965, Report
Conservation of Lesser White-fronted Goose on the European migration route : final report of the EU Life-Nature project 2005-2009
Until death do us part. [7]
Created substrates do not fully mimic natural substrates in restoration: the occurrence of polypores on spruce logs
Green auctions with joint environmental benefits
Cultural Environment Strategy 2014–2020 : Government Resolution 20 March 2014.
The state of biodiversity in Lake Tanganyika : a litrature review
Europe's cultural landscape : archaeologists and the management of change
From evidence to outcomes in child welfare : an international reader
Local people and protected areas : a case study from Miraflor, Nicaragua
Green thoughts, green futures : planning for energy efficient cities
Principles and practice of active preservation and rehabilitation of groups and areas of buildings of historical or artistic interest : Bath 3rd - 7th October 1966, Report
Marine litter in the Baltic Sea Region : assessment of the marine litter problem in  the Baltic region and priorities for response
Outrage : the abuse of diplomatic immunity
Most wanted
Reefs revealed
Treasures into tractors : the selling of Russia's cultural heritage, 1918-1938
The past in the future
Those girls
Setting priorities for the conservation of fish and wildlife species in Florida
Diffuse load abatement with biodiversity co-benefits : the optimal rotation age and buffer zone size
Animal welfare in Finland : a national report on animal welfare
Causes of response uncertainty and its implications for WTP estimation in choice experiment
Until death do us part. [6]
Lawyers unlike many other professions are obliged to secure confidentiality and secrecy of all they get to know when providing their services. It means that they should act with greater care every time they decide to make use of a service, especially Internet-based one. Taking about lawyers in media society would be incomplete without paying attention to the rules of undertaking certain actions by lawyers themselves being a part of such society. Polish perspective and level of awareness of Polish lawyers in that field should also be taken into account in the discussion of new reality since the general idea of lawyers and media society concerns in fact lawyers providing legal aid in every country..
Mountain gorillas : biology, conversation, and coexistence
Underwater Cultural Heritage at Risk : Managing Natural and Human Impacts = Patrimoine Culturel Subaquatique en Péril : Gérer les impacts naturels et humains = Patrimonio Cultural Subacuático en Peligro : Gestión del impacto natural y humano
European landraces : on-farm conservation, management and use / M. Veteläinen, V. Negri, N. Maxted (eds.)
Fairies in my fireplace
The Gyrfalcon
The winding road from exclusion to ownership : governance and social outcomes in contemporary forest conservation in northeastern Tanzania
Principles of protected area management in Finland
The international community and global governance of human security
What is done cannot be undone: the changing face of intellectual property law in the media society
The joint IUCN-WWF plants conservation programme : achievements 1984-1987 and activities planned 1988-19990
Training dogs for protection work
Environmental aspects of industrial wood preservation : a technical guide
How child welfare costs accumulate?
Towards Baltic Sea Citizenship : experiences in public involment
Plant talk : plant conservation worldwide
Radiation protection education in the use  of mobile C-arm for the nurses
Rainforests of the world : water, fire, earth & air
The snow leopard
Denkmal - ensemble - kulturlandschaft am beispiel Wachau : internationales symposium vom 12. bis 15. oktober 1998 in Dürnstein (Österreich) = Monument - site - cultural landscape exemplified by the Wachau : international conference from 12th to 15th October 1998 in Dürnstein (Austria)
Forest act habitats : Finnish woodland key habitats amid the intensive forestry
Golden Bats and Pink Pigeos
Ocean and seas
Nutrient loading of Lake Kankaistenjärvi
Building an emergency plan : a guide for museums and other cultural institutions
Principles and practice of plant conservation
First drop of crimson
Can we learn from the heritage lost in a fire : experiences and practises on the fire protection of historic buildings in Finland, Norway and Sweden
Biodiversity and conservation
Abuses of dominant ICT companies in the area of data protection
The endangered Saimaa ringed seal in a changing climate : challenges for conservation and monitoring
Management plan for the Finnish seal populations in the Baltic Sea
The paradox
Buffer Zone Plans for Lake Nakuru National Park and for Njoro River in Kenya
Asia-Europe Seminar on Cultural Heritage Training : Universidad de Alcalá (Madrid), Spain, 25-30 November 2001.
Negative aspects of the information society were first noticed in early 90's, with the dawning of the Internet era. The article gives an overview of European initiatives undertaken and European courts' judgments delivered over the last two decades, contrasting them with eminent U.S. Supreme Court decisions. According to the author, predominance of soft law, case law and self-regulation does not in itself impede protection, given that all stakeholders act with the intention to effectively monitor and eradicate threats..
The future for veteran trees
Blood bound
Convention on the protection of the marine environment of the Baltic Sea area : 6th meeting, Helsinki, 20 - 23 November 1979, report of the 6th meeting of the interim commission
Fennoscandian Lesser White-fronted Goose Conservation Project : annual report 1999
Killing for the company
The oversight
Borrowed power : essays on cultural appropriation
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
Until death do us part. 1
Protection of minors and human dignity in the information society: EU and US perspectives
Managing digital cultural objects : analysis, discovery and retrieval
Children's encyclopedia : earth
The bee book
International murre conservation strategy and action plan
The third antichrist
When dad hurts mom : helping your children heal the wounds of witnessing abuse
The adversary
Plant genetic conservation : the in situ approach
BalticSeaNow.info : experiences in public involvement
The revisionists
Guidelines on the conservation of medicinal plants
Banished
Tourism and Nature Conservation in Koillismaa Region, Northern Finland
Evolutionary and conservation biology of the Finnish house sparrow
Ministerial Conference on the Protection of Forests in Europe : progress report
Research for protection, conservation and enhancement of cultural heritage : opportunities for European enterprises, Strasbourg (FR), 22-24/11/2000 = La recherce pour la protection, la conservation et la mise en valeur du patrimoine culturel : opportunités pour les entreprises européennes
Convention on the protection of the marine environment of the Baltic Sea area : 6th meeting, Helsinki, 20 - 23 November 1979, list of documents
Practical approaches to the conservation of biological diversity
Environmental protection expenditure in industry
Fire and forest : kansainvälinen metsäpalosymposio Kajaanissa 13.-14.11.2007.
The red hand : a Guy Gisburne novel
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
The eye of the elephant : an epic adventure in the African wilderness
The encyclopedia of the environment
The clash between protection of personal data and protection of intellectual property rights in the CJUE jurisprudence
Preserving the past : the rise of heritage in modern Britain
Carbon capture and sequestration : the portrayal of risks in newspaper media in Finland and Norway
Advice from STUK
Keeper of the bride
Open Journal of Forestry (OJF) covers topics in forestry, including forest protection, pest control, ecology, plant breeding, plant nutrition, urban forestry, etc.
Destruction and conservation of cultural property
Conservation biology : for the coming decade
Global biodiversity : Earth's living resources in the 21st century
Conserving buildings : guide to techniques and materials
Fifth Victim
Social Marketing Concept in Kotka-Kymi Parish Union's Environmental Agenda
Toxic childhood : how the modern world is damaging our children and what we can do about it
