http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p22910 preferences
preferences
Eating habits of young men in military service : an epidemiological and intervention study
Music style preference: a ranking of musical styles and comparison by age, gender, music training, and rural, suburban, or urban upbringing
Market research : questionnaire on osteoporosis treatment
Knowledge, reason, and taste : Kant's response to Hume
Sexual preference : its development in men and women
The purpose of this thesis was to prepare a market research and a thorough analysis on consumer buying behavior. This work introduces some of the famous theories of buying behavior and the aim is to apply these theories into the target segment of the market research. The purpose was also to analyse and clarify the questionnaire done in 2013 about osteoporosis treatment done in 2013. The questionnaire was ordered by an American company Amgen that manufactures, researches and develops biological medicines. The purpose of the questionnaire was to find out the factors that affect on the treatment and medicine choices of the doctors who prescribe osteoporosis medications. Also the potential barriers of prescribing Medicine X were investigated for future purposes. Consumer behaviour is studied by many marketing specialists, and the importance of understanding consumer behaviour has grown to be one of the key concepts of marketing. Consumer behaviour was chosen as the theoretical part for this thesis as the analysis of the questionnaire is founded on these theories. This thesis is focusing on the main factors that affect on consumer buying behavior and the buying decision process. After analyzing the questionnaire it was discovered that a majority of respondents were actually potential future prescribers of Medicine X. The reasons why there was resistance in trying the product were affected by the price, the lack of experience and research and a new dosing method.
Careful eating : bodies, food and care
The philosophy of wine : a case of truth, beauty and intoxication
The purpose of the research was to study food-related behaviour by examining food preferences and distinguishing food-related lifestyle segments. The target group was university students in St. Petersburg, Russia. The subjects studied were ways of shopping, quality aspects, cooking methods, purchasing motives and consumption situations. The Theoretical part of this study was based on a cross-culturally valid Food-related Lifestyle instrument developed by Brunso K., Grunert K. and Bredahl L. in 1996. The empirical study was conducted in spring 2008. A Food related lifestyle questionnaire and snowball sampling method were used as data collection tools. The sample size was 105 valid replies and the data was analysed with SPSS Statistics 17.0. The research method was quantitative. The analysing methods used were Principal Component analysis and Cluster analysis. The outcome led to formatting four food-related lifestyle segments: traditional, hedonistic, conscious and careless. Each segment has its own distinctive characteristics and demographic indicators. Some general food preferences and factors affecting buying decisions were discovered within the sample. University students in St. Petersburg are price conscious and value taste, naturalness and healthiness in their meals. In addition easiness in shopping and cooking is crucial for target group. Surprisingly, country of origin had little affect on purchasing decisions, and attitudes towards advertising were negative.
Integration of preference elicitation and the development of alternative forest plans : focusing on the requirements of the decision maker
Consumer preference of functional food : the role of the brand and health claims
Educated tastes : food, drink, and connoisseur culture
You may also like : taste in an age of endless choice
Underestimated women : developing a qualitative method within consumer research : exploring women among sports
Cognitive and neural determinants of music appreciation and aesthetics
Evolutionary aesthetics
First bite : how we learn to eat
Consumer driven product development : a case study on health food products for adolescents
Genetic and environmental influences on chemosensory perception and preferences
A matter of taste : genetic and environmental influences on responses to sweetness
Change the way you eat : the psychology of food
Packaging user preferences in e-commerce
Subjective universality in Kant's aesthetics
Status spotting : a consumer cultural exploration into ordinary status consumption of "home" and home aesthtetics
Proceedings of the XVIth International Symposium on Horticultural Economics and Management : Chiang Mai, Thailand, June 28-July 2, 2009
Generational work environment preferences: Case Ovenia
The consuming body
How pleasure works : the new science of why we like what we like
Social differentation of musical and literary taste patterns in Finland
Food-related lifestyle segments among university students in St. Petersburg, Russia
Therapists and their patients : similarities and differences in attitudes between four psychotherapy orientations in Sweden
Influence of chemosensory performance on flavor perception and food acceptance of the elderly
The thought of sex with a virgin is intensely arousing for many men. The average American spends over four hours a day watching television. Abstract art can sell for millions of dollars. Young children enjoy playing with imaginary friends and can be comforted by security blankets. People slow their cars to look at gory accidents, and go to movies that make them cry. In this fascinating and witty account, Paul Bloom examines the science behind these curious desires, attractions, and tastes, covering everything from the animal instincts of sex and food to the uniquely human taste for art, music, and stories. Drawing on insights from child development, philosophy, neuroscience, and behavioral economics, How Pleasure Works shows how certain universal habits of the human mind explain what we like and why we like it.
Questions of taste : the philosophy of wine
Defining legitimate taste in Finland : does mother tongue matter?
Taste : surprising stories and science about why food tastes good
I'm with the brand : the secret dialogue between what we buy and who we are
Immanuel Kant famously said that he was awoken from his 'dogmatic slumbers,' and led to question the possibility of metaphysics, by David Hume's doubts about causation. Because of this, many philosophers have viewed Hume's influence on Kant as limited to metaphysics. More recently, some philosophers have questioned whether even Kant's metaphysics was really motivated by Hume. In "Knowledge, Reason, and Taste", renowned Kant scholar Paul Guyer challenges both of these views. He argues that Kant's entire philosophy - including his moral philosophy, aesthetics, and teleology, as well as his metaphysics - can fruitfully be read as an engagement with Hume.In this book, the first to describe and assess Hume's influence throughout Kant's philosophy, Guyer shows where Kant agrees or disagrees with Hume, and where Kant does or doesn't appear to resolve Hume's doubts. In doing so, Guyer examines the progress both Kant and Hume made on enduring questions about causes, objects, selves, taste, moral principles and motivations, and purpose and design in nature. Finally, Guyer looks at questions Kant and Hume left open to their successors.
Trust and safe choices : coping with health-related risks in food consumption in St. Petersburg
Not all analysts would have agreed with Freud about that; Bieber, for example, wrote that he did not "diagnose patients as homosexual unless they have engaged in overt homosexual behavior". Yet while the approach of analysts such as Bieber is different from Freud's, it is also fundamentally different from Bell et al's. The upshot of this is that Bell et al's results cannot be used to test psychoanalytic theories about "heterosexuality" and "homosexuality": quite simply, psychoanalysts are not talking about the same things when they use those terms. Bell et al seem totally unaware of this problem. While it is quite possible that even if Bell et al had used different criteria for classifying people as heterosexual or homosexual, their study might have produced results that would have looked essentially the same, that cannot be guaranteed, so in a purely technical sense the results they produced are worthless for testing Freudian ideas. It might be argued that one could use Bell et al's original data about their respondents' sexual feelings to test Freud's theories about the development of sexual orientation. Yet that approach would involve another problem: Freud did not use the Kinsey scale or anything equivalent to it, so it is far from clear what relevance, if any, data based on Kinsey scale ratings would have to Freud's theories. They would have, at best, a certain limited and indirect relevance to testing Freud's ideas, and at worst no relevance whatever. In the end, it may make little difference; if researchers who claim to be testing Freudian ideas employ ways of measuring sexual feelings and behavior that Freudians would not accept as valid, there is no way their conclusions can be seen as definitive.
Time of salt addition to ready-to-eat meals : a sensory study of salt reduction and salt substitution
Social development as preference management : how infants, children, and parents get what they want from one another
Working papers in economic sociology : economic and sociological studies in turbulent times
Timmy can dance!
Perfumes between Venus and Mars : how gender categorization of perfumes is (not) related to odor perception and odor preference
Visual pollution : advertising, signage and environmental quality
Hooked : how to build habit-forming products
Anatomy of a trend
The effect of prior information on musical preference rating : how our musical preference is shaped by prior information in an online environment
