http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23 counselling
counselling
Social justice counseling : the next steps beyond multiculturalism
Identities in Transition is a book of the growth and development of a multicultural therapist/analyst. Hailing from all around the world (Argentina, England, Egypt, India, Israel, Iran, Lebanon, New Zealand, Mexico, Nigeria, Puerto Rico, Poland) these therapists share their personal stories of a clinical mind at work. The factors that inform them are varied and diverse, shaped by their histories of immigration and professional training. Insightful and thought provoking, their explorations capture the struggles, the dilemmas and the skillful integration of various parts of themselves, that find.
Rethinking health promotion : a global approach
Supporting self-care in prevention of stroke disease through patient education
"Relational Ethics in Practice" presents a new collection of narratives on ethics in day-to-day therapeutic practice. Highly experienced professionals from a range of roles in the therapeutic professions explore ways of developing ethical and effective relationships. The contributors provide the reader with engaging and informative narratives that indicate how ethics can inform and influence practice in a variety of clinical contexts across the helping professions. These personal and professional narratives will encourage people to think more pro actively about ethics and the impact that they have on both therapeutic practice, and life in general. Throughout this book, Lynne Gabriel, Roger Casemore and their contributors emphasize that the consideration of the ethical dimension is of paramount importance to successful processes and outcomes in every therapeutic relationship. Chapters cover a number of topics including: how theoretical approaches can inform ethical decision making and practice; practical difficulties and ethical challenges; innovative and unconventional approaches; informed consent across various contexts; pointers for good practice; and, the notion of the 'wounded healer'. "Relational Ethics in Practice: Narratives from Counseling and Psychotherapy" will appeal to a wide range of readers involved in the helping professions including counselors, psychotherapists, researchers, supervisors and trainees.
Patient education of cardiac patients : a nursing journal club
Handbook of counselling psychology
Spiritual interventions in child and adolescent psychotherapy
Counseling : theory and practice
Techniques of counseling
Unzipped : a toolkit for life
Supervising the counsellor : a cyclical model
Careers education culture in schools : pupil's and school personnel's perception of careers education and working life orientation in lower secondary schools
Sexual health, human rights and the law
Career development, employment, and disability in rehabilitation : from theory to practice
The practitioner's handbook : a guide for counsellors, psychotherapists and counselling psychologists : edited by Stephen Palmer, Robert Bor
British journal of guidance and counselling
Basic counselling skills : a helper's manual
Evaluative advice in educational counseling : the use of disagreement in the "stepwise entry" to advice
The counsellor's workbook : developing a personal approach
Counselling : the deaf challenge
Training the counsellor : an integrative model
First steps in counselling : a students' companion for introductory courses
The process of counseling and therapy
Innovative advisory services in the virtual world : an empowerment perspective
Written patient education in pediatric nursing – in treatment of child patients with infectious diseases
Effects of stress and visual display unit work on tension-type headache and tension neck syndrome
The amazing queen : winning with your queens
Existential counselling & psychotherapy in practice
The effect of physical activity counseling on diabetics' mobility : results of a secondary analysis
Regional development of anti-discrimination advisory services : experiences from the implementation of advisory services and results on the identification and tackling of discrimination
Citizens Signpost Service
The handbook of counseling
Nursing Interventions in Supporting Smoking Cessation and Reducing the Risk of Lung Cancer : Smoking-related comparison between Finland and New Zealand
“How patients and their family members’ need of support and counselling can be assessed by written measures?  : Literature review
Abstract: Cardiovascular diseases affect many people in Finland. One way to support this patient group is patient education. Since the time spent in the inpatient settings is limited, treatment and education of cardiovascular patients is currently focused mainly on the outpatient settings. This creates pressure for the nurses due to the strict time-frame and high turnover of patients. The purpose of this final project was to find evidence-based knowledge on the patient education of a cardiac patient and to implement a nursing journal club. The research questions were when and how the education for heart patients should be conducted. This final project was done in co-operation with the cardiac outpatient clinic in the University Hospital of Helsinki where the collected knowledge was presented in four journal club sessions. Data collection was done following the basics of literature review and by conducting multiple database searches. A more in-depth analysis was conducted once five most relevant articles were found. These five articles were presented to the nursing staff of cardiac outpatient clinic in Meilahti during May 2011. The issues presented in the nursing journal clubs were focused on the learning needs of cardiac patients, different kinds of patient education methods and the psychological path-way of a patient suffering from a cardiovascular illness. The focus was on going through the results of each article and discussing them together with the nurses. Based on the discussion, it became clear that most crucial points that rose from the articles chosen were taking patient's individual needs into consideration and the importance of consistent planning and documenting care.
Process variables : four common elements of counseling and psychotherapy
Guidelines for continuous professional development in patient counselling and communication skills
Supervising food safety : a text for level 3 food safety courses and a reference for supervisors
Promoting healthy behaviour : practical guide for nursing and healthcare
Preoperative assessment and patient teaching : preoperative forms and guidelines for a LEIKO unit
Information and communication for natural resource management in agriculrure : a training sourcebook
Feeling at home : a guide to cultural issues for those working with international students
Agricultural extension worldwide : issues, practices and emerging priorities
Theory and Practice of Counseling and Psychotherapy
Psychological counselling in higher education : practice and research
Patient hand hygiene compliance in the hemodialysis environment
Counselling : the skills of finding solutions to problems
Recent advances in land owner extension : proceedings of the IUFRO 3.08 Symposium with a special theme of peer-to-peer learning among land owners, 3-5 April 2011, Kuusamo, Finland
Quality of radiotherapy care by development of e-feedback knowledge
Sociodynamic counselling : a constructivist perspective
The professional practice of rehabilitation counseling
Dimensions of effective counseling : cognitive flexibility and psychological openness in counselor selection
Counseling : an introduction
The bowel surgery : understanding common indications for bowel surgery, and necessary nutrition support and patient guide
This document reviews the medical eligibility criteria for use of contraception, offering guidance on the safety of use of different methods for women and men with specific characteristics or known medical conditions. The recommendations are based on systematic reviews of available clinical and epidemiological research. It is a companion guideline to 'Selected Practice Recommendations for Contraceptive Use'. Together, these documents are intended to be used by policy-makers, programme managers, and the scientific community, to support national programmes in the preparation of service delivery guidelines.
Supporting self-care of chronically ill children
Ethical and professional issues in counseling
Patient counselling methods, behavioural aspects, and patient counselling aids
Helping clients determine their priorities, set goals, make decisions, and take action to improve their lives are common tasks for virtually all helping professionals when engaging with clients. This is the process known as "values clarification" (or "Values Clarification"). While counselors and psychotherapists widely practice values clarification-some knowingly, others unaware - they typically do so with a limited understanding of its theory, methods, and various applications. This work meets a long-standing need in the helping professions by being the first and only comprehensive book on how counselors and psychotherapists can work with clients around values, goal-setting, decision-making and action planning.
Finnish nutrition recommendations
Medication management and patient compliance in old age
The purpose of counselling and psychotherapy
Research in counseling : evaluation and refocus
Cultivating childhood obesity
"Living with serious illness has profound effects not only on patients themselves but also on their families. This fully updated edition by a recognized expert focuses on the individual in context, showing how relationships can alleviate suffering and maximize the chances of healing. A practical guide to those working with illness"--Provided by publisher.
Counselling psychology : integrating theory, research and supervised practice
Reflections on medicines and medication : a qualitative analysis among people on long-term drug regimens
Fulbright orientation handbook
Rational emotive behavioural counselling in action
Taking issues : debates in guidance and counselling in learning
Preoperative counseling of child patients from the age of 6 to 9 : a counseling folder for surgical child patients
Counselling in the workplace
It is a common concern that non-resident private forest owners are less able to make informed decisions regarding their forests. Moreover, the present guidance given by forest professionals is not reaching all owners. In this study, we suggest enhancing knowledge exchange among forest owners by increasing their mutual and informal interaction that could inspire them to co-construct new knowledge. The first objective is to identify present emerging activities that constitute knowledge exchange contexts (communities) for Finnish forest owners. The second objective is to discuss the challenges of current Finnish forest extension and their implications when introducing Communities of Practice as a complementary response to existing, yet insufficient, professional-led extension. Data consist of Finnish forest owners' and forest professionals' (n=43) focus group interviews. The qualitative analysis was theoretically oriented followed by data-driven coding and grouping. According to the results, the role of expert-led encounters is strong in Finland and owners' opportunities for good mutual communication are rare. Informal communities exist mainly in the countryside among neighbouring owners and within families. To enhance knowledge sharing among owners, one needs to identify innovative topics and activities that would inspire owners to commit to their forest property and perform active silviculture. These communities would operate as creative learning environments allowing participation of different levels. When cultivating forest owners' communities it is important to consider actors' roles. Forest owners themselves are responsible for the functions and continuity of these communities, although forest professionals could also initiate new and sufficiently homogenous reference groups for the owners.
The role of religion in marriage and family counselingIntroducing second language acquisition
Exploring therapy, spirituality, and healing
Mentoring : contemporary principles and issues
Effectiveness of counselling and guidance on physical functioning after stroke : a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials
Imagine, desire, act - succesful counselling : a case study of the youth support project
Guidance : educational and vocational guidance in Finland
Career counseling : foundations, perspectives, and applications
On becoming a counsellor : the basic guide for non-professional counsellors
Medical eligibility criteria for contraceptive use
Guidelines for training community health workers in nutrition
Career Development and Counseling, Second Edition focuses on scientifically based career theories and practices, including those derived from research in other disciplines. Driven by the latest empirical and practical evidence, this text offers the most in-depth, far-reaching, and comprehensive career development and counseling resource available. The Second Edition includes new chapters on gender, race/ethnicity, social class and poverty, sexual minority identity, disability status, personality, and relational factors.
Ask John : straight-talking, common sense from the front line of management
Tiny beautiful things : advice on love and life from someone who's been there
Lifestyle interventions in treatment of obese adults:eating behaviour and other factors affecting weight loss and maintenance
Patient Education Among Patients with Parkinson’s Disease
Concordance : developing patient-centred practice in community pharmacies
Counselling, concordance and communication : innovative education for pharmacists
Building & managing a world class IT help desk
Skills needed in multicultural counselling - As viewed by multicultural counsellors
Boundary issues in counseling : multiple roles and responsibilities
Intentional interviewing and counseling : facilitating client development in a multicultural society
Part 1: Introduction and cases -- Introduction to theories of career development and choice: origins, evolution, and current efforts / Duane Brown -- Case studies / Duane Brown -- Part 2: Sociological perspective -- Career choice and development from a sociological perspective / Monica Kirkpatrick Johnson, Jeylan T. Mortimer -- Part 3: Developmental and postmodern theories -- Gottfredson's theory of circumscription, compromise, and self-creation / Linda S. Gottfredson -- Career construction: a developmental theory of vocational behavior / Mark L. Savickas -- A contextualist explanation of career / Richard A. Young, Ladislav Valach, Audrey Collin -- Part 4: Career development theories anchored in learning theory -- Social cognitive career theory / Robert W. Lent, Steven D. Brown, Gail Hackett -- A cognitive information processing approach to career problem solving and decision making / Gary W. Peterson, James P. Sampson Jr., Janet G. Lenz, Robert C. Reardon -- Part 5: Trait-factor theories and summation -- Holland's theory of personalities in work environments / Arnold R. Spokane, Erik J. Luchetta, Matthew H. Richwine -- Person-environment-correspondence theory / Rene V. Dawis -- The role of work values and cultural values in occupational choice, satisfaction, and success: a theoretical statement / Duane Brown.
The Bowel Surgery: Understanding Common Indications for  Bowel Surgery, and Necessary Nutrition Support and Patient Guide.
A Comparison of Extension Methods Used by Different Agricultural Extension Service Providers in Nyandarua County, Kenya
Success at the enquiry desk : successful enquiry answering - every time
Agricultural demonstartions : handbook for agricultural advisers
Farming systems research : issues and problems of implementation
Counselling skills for doctors
Extension services as a source of farming information
Guidelines for a professional community pharmacy in Finland
The consultation services provided for new immigrant entrepreneurs : case : Enterprise Agency Luotsi
About planet earth
Legal interviewing and counseling in a nutshell
Introduction to the counseling profession
Group microskills : culture-centered group process and strategies
A literature review on ethical and cultural questions in multicultural counseling
Handbook of mindfulness in education : Integrating Theory and Research into Practice
Review of community forestry extension/communications training in Kenya and Uganda : report on a mission to Malawi, Kenya and Uganda 8-29 October 1989
Primary HIV/AIDS care : a practical guide for primary health care personnel in the clinical and supportive care of people with HIV/AIDS
Aquaculture extension services review : Nepal
Research methods in health promotion
Abstract: Patient Hand Hygiene Compliance in the Hemodialysis Environment.
Counselling and psychotherapy for families in times of illness and death
Developing psychodynamic counselling
Technical cooperation activities: beekeeping : a directory and a guide
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
Debt counselling networks in Finland : practices and new challenges
Agricultural advisory services in European countries : report of a working party of experts
Promoting Hope in Visually Impaired Patients in Finland
Relational ethics in practice : narratives from counselling and psychotherapy
Guidelines for designing data collection and sharing systems for co-managed fisheries. Part 2, Technical guidelines
Digital reference service
Counseling psychology : an integrated positive psychological approach
Non-pharmacological methods in children's postoperative pain relief in China
Inside counselling : becoming and being a professional counsellor
Personal development in counsellor training
Completely updated,Counseling the Culturally Diverse: Theory and Practice, Sixth Edition is the most widely used and critically acclaimed text on multicultural counseling, offering students and professionals essential and thought-provoking material on the theory, research, and practice of multicultural counseling. The new edition presents the newest research in the field of multicultural counseling, as well as an expanded section on microaggressions. With its unique conceptual framework for multicultural therapy, this book remains the best source of real-world counseling preparation for students and the most enlightened, influential guide for professionals.
Safe pharmacotherapy : national guide for pharmacotherapy in social and health care : an abbreviated version
The process of counseling and psychotherapy : matters of skill
Counseling and psychotherapy : theoretical analyses and skills applications
Teaching and workshop methods in agriculture : a handbook for planners, instructors and administrators
Counseling adolescents competently
Forestry extension methods
The concise dictionary of pastoral care and counseling
Essentials of skilled helping : managing problems, developing opportunities
Contents of patient education among Fibromyalgia Syndrome Patients : focus on pain management
Tailoring of health information
Debate : development of the European business adviser training and exchange : Finland, Estonia, Hungary, Italy, Latvi[j]a, Sweden : Interreg III -project 2005-2007
Laser fluorescence in detecting and monitoring the progression of occlusal dental caries lesions and for screening persons with unfavourable dietary habits
Home economics advisory services in rural areas of Europe
The cooperative extension service : a national assessment
The cupid effect
A forester's guide for community involvement in upland conservation : with special reference to the Asia and Pacific Region
Handbook of counseling techniques
The growing business handbook : inspiration & advice from successful entrepreneurs & fast-growing UK companies
Cross cultural awareness and social justice in counseling
Guidance and counselling in higher education in European Union member states
Handbook of counseling psychology
Explores a range of career development topics, including the reasons people choose their careers; how changes, interests, and skills occur throughout the life cycle; how people do or do not change and adapt to their careers; and more.
Introductory counseling skills
Dictionary of counselling
New Stoma Patients' Experiences During Post - Operative Nursing Care
Supervision in the helping professions
Enhancing informal interaction and knowledge co-construction among forest owners
Counseling and life-span development
Feminist counselling in action
Baby's first year : the netmums guide to being a new mum
Health promotion settings : principles and practice
This report demonstrates the relationship between sexual health, human rights and the law. Drawing from a review of public health evidence and extensive research into human rights law at international, regional and national levels, the report shows how states in different parts of the world can and do support sexual health through legal and other mechanisms that are consistent with human rights standards and their own human rights obligations.
Health communication in the 21st century
Counselling for grief and bereavement
This handbook addresses the educational uses of mindfulness in schools. It summarizes the state of the science and describes current and emerging applications and challenges throughout the field. It explores mindfulness concepts in scientific, theoretical, and practical terms and examines training opportunities both as an aspect of teachers' professional development and a means to enhance students' social-emotional and academic skills. Chapters discuss mindfulness and contemplative pedagogy programs that have produced positive student outcomes, including stress relief, self-care, and improved classroom and institutional engagement. Featured topics include: * A comprehensive view of mindfulness in the modern era. * Contemplative education and the roots of resilience. * Mindfulness practice and its effect on students' social-emotional learning. * A cognitive neuroscience perspective on mindfulness in education that addresses students' academic and social skills development. * Mindfulness training for teachers and administrators. * Two universal mindfulness education programs for elementary and middle school students. The Handbook of Mindfulness in Education is a must-have resource for researchers, graduate students, clinicians, and practitioners in psychology, psychiatry, education, and medicine, as well as counseling, social work, and rehabilitation therapy.
Lawyers as counselors : a client centered approach
The skilled helper : a problem-management approach to helping
Counseling the culturally diverse : theory and practice
Spirituality and healing are controversial issues in counselling and psychotherapy. This cutting edge text discusses the philosophical, practical and ethical issues involved in counselling and explores major critiques of work on spirituality and healing.
Theory and practice of counseling and psychotherapy
Integration and Work-based Learning : The Case of Info Bank
Windy Dryden introduces the key elements of rational emotive behavioural theory and practice, and outlines the counselling sequence when working through a particular problem with a client.
The skilled helper : a problem-management and opportunity-development approach to helping
Career counselling : compendium of methods and techniques
Counseling Psychology: An Integrated Positive Approach introduces a new dimension in counseling psychology which includes both symptom treatment and positive psychology; this unique approach guides readers to enhance clients positive potential, rather than focusing solely on the treatment of clients negative symptoms.
Trust and strong ties in the selection and evalution of business advisors by small firms
Standards and ethics for counselling in action
The art and science of helpin : a talk delivered at West Virginia University Extension Wolkers' Conference, October 28-31, 1963, at Jackson's Mill, W. Va
Career development and counseling : putting theory and research to work
Around the globe, career education and guidance is being presented as the answer to social exclusion, ensuring economic competitiveness and prosperity. The profile of career education and guidance has never been higher. Yet, current policy discussions have centred on individuals' development of 'self managed' careers within a global labour market, placing employability skills above all concerns. This book goes beyond the rhetoric of the 'self managed' career and 'employability skills' by exploring career education and guidance from critical and radical standpoints. The contributors question the economic underpinning that has driven social agendas, arguing that career education and guidance needs to place greater emphasis on developing socially just practices. The views expressed help to open up the debate around the impact of globalisation as consideration is given to the ways in which career professionals might actively enable, empower and promote the democratic engagement of all in the shaping of their worlds. The contributors consider the issues within a range of contexts including 'race', gender, disability and social class. "Critical Reflections on Career Education and Guidance" is essential reading for students, academics, practitioners and researchers who wish to achieve a greater understanding of the contexts involved.
Guide for student tutors
Counseling the nursing mother : a lactation consultant's guide
Agricultural extension in Africa
Career choice and development
Incorporating the thinking, feeling, and behaving dimensions of human experience, Corey's best-selling "Theory and Practice of Counseling and Psychotherapy, 9/e, International Edition" offers an easy-to-understand text that helps students compare and contrast the therapeutic models expressed in counseling theories. Corey introduces students to the major theories (psychoanalytic, Adlerian, existential, person-centered, Gestalt, reality, behavior, cognitive-behavior, family systems, feminist, and postmodern approaches) and demonstrates how each theory can be applied to a single case ("Stan"). With his trademark style, he shows students how to apply those theories in practice, and helps them learn to integrate the theories into an individualized counseling style.This book is the center of a suite of products that includes a revised student manual, "Case Approach to Counseling and Psychotherapy" (2013), "The Art of Integrative Counseling" (2013) and media resources like the DVDs titled "DVD for Theory and Practice of Counseling and Psychotherapy: The Case of Stan and Lecturettes", and "DVD for Integrative Counseling: The Case of Ruth and Lecturettes", which features the same videos as the Integrative Counseling CD-ROM redesigned for today's classrooms.
International handbook of cross-cultural counseling : cultural assumptions and practices worldwide
Critical reflections on career education and guidance : promoting social justice within a global economy
Anti-discriminatory practice in counselling and psychotherapy
European environmental advisory councils : [Agenda 21 - implementation issues in the European Union]
A new look at an old practice
The helping process : an introduction
Integrating traditional healing practices into counseling and psychotherapy
This bestseller provides a comprehensive introduction to the theory and practice of counselling and therapy. The book has been thoroughly updated with new references and examples and now has information on topics such as: Transactional analysis; The use of natural environment in counselling; The contribution of arts-based approaches; and, Integrating theory into practice. To help readers, the author has extended the introduction to the book in order to outline the aims of the book and explain its structure so that this is clear to the reader from the outset. The pedagogy of this edition has also been improved in order to enhance learning. Each chapter includes: topics for further discussion; key terms and concepts; suggested further reading; and, case studies and illustrations. This book remains the book of choice for students and tutors on introductory counselling courses.
The worry website
Abstract.
Identities in transition : the growth and development of a multicultural therapist
The pastoral and the academic : conflict and contradiction in the curriculum
The strength of Adrian Coles' book is its basis in his extensive knowledge of workplace counselling in Britain and his wide knowledge and relationships with those who work in the area. What is magical about his book is his use of examples. Throughout, real life examples of workplace counselling, dilemmas, organisational and many other issues, help to illuminate concepts and bring theory down to earth.
Counselling in a nutshell
Mum to mum  : happy memories and honest advice to real mum
Introduction to multicultural counseling for helping professionals
Agricultural advisory services in Europe and North America 1957.
Reflective practice in psychotherapy and counselling
Finnish consumer ombudsman's newsletter : current issues in consumer law
The trainee handbook : a guide for counselling and psychotherapy trainees
New stoma patients' experiences during post-operative nursing care
Manual for theory and practice of counseling and psychotherapy
Successful enquiry answering every time
Työterveyshoitajan asiantuntijuus työikäisten terveydenedistämistyössä muuttuvassa yhteiskunnassa = The expertise of occupational health nurses in health promotion among the working-age population in a changing society
The visible and invisible family : nurses' perceptions of counselling in day surgical nursing
Introduction to counseling and guidance ; Robert L. Gibson, Marianne H. Mitchell
Men, addiction, and intimacy : strengthening recovery by fostering the emotional development of boys and men
Lifelong guidance and the European challenge : issues for Malta
Counseling across the lifespan : prevention and treatment
Values clarification in counseling and psychotherapy : practical strategies for individual and group settings
Handbook of motivational counseling : goal-based approaches to assessment and intervention with addiction and other problems
How to effectively design and deliver virtual advisory services can be a mystery to many public and private organisations. This study examines the interesting phenomenon of providing virtual advisors to assist users in accomplishing their tasks in the digital world. Based on a thorough analysis of abundant typical applications in various business and government sectors, this book discusses the current status and future trends of virtual advisory services in digital environments. This book also reveals exactly what users expect from such services, and what they hate! It provides thought-provoking guidelines for best practice in the design and provision of virtual advisors on e-portals.
'Whom God hath joined together' : the work of marriage guidance
Hit the ground running : doing micro business training in South Africa
The needs of counsellors and psychotherapists
Outcomes of prenatal nutrition counselling in developing countries
Cardiovascular risk factors in mild obstructive sleep apnea? : the outcome of lifestyle intervention with weight reduction
Trust and free will as the keys to success for the Low Threshold Health Service Centers (LTHSC) : an interdisciplinary evaluation study of the effectiveness of health promotion services for infectious disease prevention and control among injecting drug users
Narrative counseling in schools : powerful & brief
The pastoral counseling handbook : a guide to helping the hurting
Library research guide to music : illustrated search strategy and sources
Producing intersubjectivity in a consultation setting
Supporting self-care in nutrition with pregnant young adult women
Written Patient Education in Pediatric Nursing - in the Treatment of Child  Patients with Infectious diseases
Rehabilitation counselling : approaches in the field of disability
Development of the agricultural advisory services in Europe since 1950
Sudden Death : a research base for practice
Psychodynamic counselling in action
Extension in rural communities
Developing the practice of councelling
An introduction to counselling
Counseling lesbian women and gay men : a life-issues approach
Counsellor opinion of counselling
