http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23097 drug traffic
drug traffic
The cobra
Narcomania : a journey through Britain's drug world
The inexplicables
Bull Mountain
Cocaine confidential : true stories behind the world's most notorious narcotic
Finland drug situation 2014
The war we never fought : the British establishment's surrender to drugs
Out of orange : a memoir
All is silence
Narconomics : how to run a drug cartel
61 hours
Close Range
Lies are a gentleman's manners
Victims of the white war or rebellions of the greeen revolution? : Bolivian indigenous women prisoners' position in the "war on drugs" explored through a criminological gaze
Sabotage
Deep cover : the inside story of how DEA infighting, incompetence, and subterfuge lost us the biggest battle of the drug war
As red as blood
Eurodrugs : drug use, markets and trafficking in Europe
The counselor : a screenplay
The politics of heroin : CIA complicity in the global drug trade : Afghanistan, Southeast Asia, Central America, Colombia
The sentry
Sherlock Holmes and the Shadwell shadows
From hood to Hollywood
Drug politics : dirty mobey and democracies
Street capital : Black cannabis dealers in a white welfare state
Battle lines
Young Americans
Inauguration day : a thriller
Justified. The complete third season
The dying Sahara : US imperialism and terror in Africa
Illicit flows and African security
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne objective : a new Jason Bourne novel
Cairo : a graphic novel
Destroying the market for drugs : an economic analysis
Interdisciplinary researches concerning E.U. underground markets
The shadow patrol
Close range
Leaves of grass
Stash house
Beyond reach
Justified. The complete fourth season
Lone wolf
Apocalypse now now
The opium war : drugs, dreams and the making of China
The last narco : inside the hunt for El Chapo, the world’s most wanted drug lord
EU drug markets report : strategic overview
Gangster warlords : drug dollars, killing fields and the new politics of Latin America
The Kings of Cool : a prequel to savages
The state of human security in Africa : an assessment of institutional preparedness
With or without you : a memoir
Canary
Orange is the new black : my year in a women's prison
Kay Hamilton has paid the price for going rogue. Fired by the DEA, she's now been quietly recruited by the Callahan Group, a quasi-governmental agency charged with accomplishing special missions for the president off the grid. Kay and her daughter relocate to Washington, D.C., but before Kay's completed her training, she's sent to a hostile province in Afghanistan. There a mission that should have been purely political turns unexpectedly and explosively violent. Barely getting out alive, Kay follows a trail of deception and murder from Washington to West Virginia to England. Finding herself at the centre of an international plot she begins to question those she loves, those she works for and her own faith in justice.
Blood father
Class A
The darkness and the deep
The other son
Only god forgives
Black mafia family : the rise and fall of a cocaine empire
A history of violence : living and dying in Central America
Where all light tends to go
Hunt the jackal
Caught
Criminal capital : how the finance industry facilitates crime
Unintended consequences : illegal drugs and drug policies in nine countries
Legal highs : inside secrets of the world's newest and deadliest drugs
Blow
Smack : heroin and the American city
Crime, corruption and instability : an exploratory report
The trust
Border games : policing the U.S.-Mexico divide
Weeds. Season eight
Big weed : an entrepreneur's high-stakes adventures in the budding legal marijuana business
History of the opium problem : the assault on the East, ca. 1500-1950
Brain thief
Illicit drugs : use and control
The night manager : the complete series
The system
Devils in exile : a novel
The infiltrator : my secret life inside the dirty banks behind Pablo Escobar's Medellin Cartel
Flood of fire
The vinyl underground. [Vol. 1] : Watching the detectives
The cartel
Illegal drugs, economy and society in the Andes
World drug report 2000
Drugs 2.0 : the web revolution that's changing how the world gets high
Describes the author's exploits as an undercover agent infiltrating the illegal drug cartels of Colombia, detailing how he helped bring down criminal bankers and drug lords.
Sergeant Smack : the legendary life and times of Ike Atkinson, Kingpin, and his band of brothers
The Opium War
Weeds. Season seven
In search of respect : selling crack in El Barrio
A morning for flamingos
The Andalucian friend
Narcoland : the Mexican drug lords and their godfathers
Exposed
Miss Smilla's Feeling for Snow
Justified. The complete fifth season
The dog who bit a policeman : an Inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
Nights of awe
Every student needs a part-time job. Hers is hunting criminals. Sarie Holland is a good kid. An Honours student. She doesn't even drink. So when a narcotics cop busts her while she's doing a favour for a friend, she has a lot to lose. Desperate to avoid destroying her future, she agrees to become a CI - a confidential informant. Armed only with a notebook, she turns out to be as good at catching criminals as she is at passing tests. But it's going to take more than one 19-year-old to clean up Philadelphia. Soon Sarie is caught in the middle of a power struggle between corrupt cops and warring gangs, with nothing on her side but stubbornness and smarts. Which is bad news for both the police and the underworld. Because when it comes to payback, CI #137 turns out to be a very fast learner.
