http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23089 programme management
programme management
Curriculum leadership : development and implementation
Research on the management of innovation : the Minnesota studies
Programme management within the Finnish Government
CMMI distilled : a practical introduction to integrated process improvement
Requirements engineering process for sales management system : case study: Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd. / Volume 2/2
Software change management : case studies and practical advice
Abstract.
Evaluation of basic project management activities : study in software industry
Microsoft dynamics CRM 4.0 unleashed
Scandic Guest Programme implementation and development ideas towards a better customer service at the Scandic Marski Hotel
Software requirements : practical techniques for gathering and managing requirements throughout the product development cycle
Government strategy document 2007.
The development and management of visitor attractions
Green innovation games : value creation, managerial roles and managerial capabilities in resource intensive businesses
Program management framework in implementation of the company’s strategy
Ministers as strategic political leaders? : strategic political streering after NPM reforms in Finland
Successfully implementing Microsoft DynamicsTM : by using the Regatta® approach for Microsoft DynamicsTM
Comparative cause mapping of management cognitions : a computer database method for natural data
CMMI for services : guidelines for superior service
The deadline : a novel about project management
Agile project management : creating innovative products
97 things every project manager should know : collective wisdom from the experts
Motives, circumstances and driving forces for open innovation : using open source to run profitable business : case: Nokia 770 (analysis at product level) : case: IBM (analysis at company level)
Enterprise project management using Microsoft office project server 2007 : best practices for implementing an EPM solution
The Suitability of Thinking Portfolio® Software in Project Reporting. Case: Cargotec
Personality types of managers in development of intelligent systems
Program management for improved business results
Project management in Finnish television and film production : perspectives on the construction of project management practices in television and film producers' interviews.
Summary (s. 9-11).
Environmental ethics today
Mastering HR Management with SAP ERP HCM
Mastering the requirements process : getting requirements right
An integrated project management information system
Prince2 study guide
Evaluating the whole curriculum
Knowledge engineering in agriculture
After the change from the Hilton Honors guest programme to the new Scandic Guest Pro-gramme small problems and misunderstandings natural to changes arose. After several months of the hotel working with the new programme these problems were still found and a need to solve them was found. This thesis aims to find the main problems that affect the proper implementation of this program, such as the incorrect use of the food and beverage vouchers and the lack of communication between the two parties involved, and to find easy and achievable solutions to it.     The issue was approached both from the employee and the customer side. Theories of human resources such as change management were looked into to fully understand how employees understand and deal with changes in their work environment and routines. Loyalty theories as well as customer relationship management and relationship management theories were looked into to comprehend what the Scandic Guest Programme is aiming for, how is it creating loyalty and how to improve the service provided to the members of this programme.     The Scandic Guest Programme was well defined and explained. Later on it was compared to the previous programme to give an insight of both and of the slight changes that happened when the two companies were separated as these small changes are the source of some of the most recurrent problems that are found in the day to day running of it.     After studying the main problems by day to day observation at the hotel reception and the information gathered by the Scandic Survey the most important ones were pinpointed and solutions were planned.     Three main products were developed in order to clarify and enhance the use of the Scandic Guest Programme. For the employees a handout was created, giving both the old and the new employees all the basic needed information to carry out the programme uniformly. A leaflet was created for the customers telling them in an easy and straight forward way how and where to use the food and beverage vouchers, preventing the constant problems of not being able to use them in certain products. To market the Scandic Guest Programme a small table stand was created to place in all the restaurant tables, letting the customers know that they can use the vouchers to pay for their food items and where to get them if they do not have them yet.     The thesis ends with an analysis of the proposed products and their link to the theories stud-ied as well as with a set of managerial implications and further development ideas.
The starting point of this thesis project was to analyse the system and software requirements for the Sales Management System to help Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd. as a final assignment for the student to get a Bachelor's Degree in Business Information Technology. Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd. is trading company in Ho Chi Minh city, Vietnam. The main business of the company is to trade motorcycle spare-parts in wholesale or retail within the local market. The sales management is still using the traditional method to record the customers' information, payments and purchases on paper or through MS Excel. It takes time to search the correct information when it is necessary. In order to solve their current sales management problems, a Sales Management System should be created. From this point of view, requirements analysis for Sales Management System should be carried out before creating a complete system in use. The first inevitable step in the requirements engineering process was to analyse the company all business cases in sales management by a feasibility study, which was the bases to go to two main parts of this project. First one was to analyse the system requirements for the Sales Management System of Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd., and the second was to analyse the software requirements, which only includes three sub systems: Record product, Record potential customer, and Handle contract sale in the Sales Management System. The Sales Management System of Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd. was analysed by using the Object-Oriented methods, Business Process Modelling, and UML in system process. After the assurance quality test of this project has been accepted by a steering group, the result of this project will handle to a developer for designing database and implementing software application in use. The database design and implementation phase will be carried out during spring of 2009 and completed in summer of 2009 according to the plan and decision of the steering group. However, this project is mortal part of the software system. It decides whether it could help the company to solve the sales management problems or not. Hopefully, after the Contract sale sub system applies in use at the Sales Department of the company in summer 2009, this project will be realized how important and helpful to the sales management process of Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd.
Working with Excel : refreshing math skills for management
The software project manager's bridge to agility
CMMI : guidelines for process integration and product improvement
Designing an information system for open innovation : bridging the gap between individual and organisational creativity
Successful SAP R/3 implementation : practical management of ERP projects
Digitization of the communication and its implications for marketing
Applying product management approach to software development : an SME perspective
Redesigning Futurice : introducing service design into an agile software contractor
Best practices in software measurement : how to use metrics to improve project and process performance
Microsoft project 2010 inside out
Business database systems
Essays on software product development : a strategic management viewpoint
Introducing new software tool  : Guidelines for introducing new software tool to a team. Case study
Learning in cultural projects : case study of the outcomes of EU culture programme projects
Microsoft® Project 2010 Step by Step
Requirements Engineering Process for Sales Management System : Case study: Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd.
Agile retrospectives : making good teams great
Reflections on management : how to manage your software projects, your teams, your boss, and yourself
Managing health education and promotion programs : leadership skills for the 21st century
Agile management for software engineering : applying the theory of constraints for business results
Successful IT project delivery : learning the lessons of project failure
The enterprise and Scrum
Developing an emergency response logistics programme for Tampere University of Applied Sciences
One step closer to a successful distributed agile delivery in Tieto : case Tieto new Intranet development
The business of software : what every manager, programmer, and entrepreneur must know to thrive and survive in good times and bad
Ecotourism programme planning
Software quality and software testing in internet times
PRINCE2 2009 planning and control using Microsoft Project 2010
Updating International Strategy in a Municipality : case: the City of Lahti
Ministers as strategic political leaders? : strategic political steering after NPM reforms in Finland
SAP business planning and consolidation
Managing software projects
Leading lean software development : results are not the point
"Jack Welch's Straight from the Gut was once the essential primer for managers, but today's leaders need a new playbook. In HOW GOOGLE WORKS, Eric Schmidt and Jonathan Rosenberg distill their decades of working in the high-tech industry into a practical and fun-to-read guide for those who want to succeed in an ever-changing business landscape. The book offers how-to advice on strategy, corporate culture, talent, decision-making, innovation, communication and dealing with disruption. The authors explain how the confluence of three seismic changes--the internet, mobile, and cloud computing--has shifted the balance of power between consumer and corporation. The companies that thrive will be the ones that create superior products and attract a new breed of multi-faceted employees whom the authors dub "smart creatives." The management maxims are illustrated with previously unreported anecdotes from Google's corporate history. "Back in 2010, Eric and I created an internal class for Google managers focusing on the lessons the management team learned the hard way," says Rosenberg. "The class slides all said 'Google confidential' until an employee suggested we uphold the spirit of openness and share them with the world. This book codifies the recipe for our secret sauce: how Google innovates and how Google empowers employees to succeed.""--
Software project management
CISSP® certification all-in-one exam guide
The role of commitment in software process improvement
Boundary activities and readiness for change during change program initiation
Microsoft Project 2010 step by step
Report on programme development and management
Software project management : a unified framework
Google : how Google works
Successful test management : an integral approach
Requirements engineering process for sales management system : case study: Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd. / Volume 1/2
How can TOPdesk achieve a better market position on the German CAFM sofware market
Improving school leadership. Vol. 2, Case studies on system leadership
The study set out to review how distributed agile project was implemented in department of  Digital Transformation & Consulting in Tieto. A distributed agile project - Tieto's New Intranet  Development was studied. Tieto new Intranet was launched in November 2009. The  project exceeded original budget, and delayed for half a year. Importance of seeking why and  how the project was challenged is valuable for Tieto project business in a global environment.  Recommendations for future improvement on distributed agile delivery are fruitful part of  research.  The theoretical framework was based on literature review on agile software development and  agile project management. The research method adopts mixed qualitative and quantitative  approach. Data was collected through semi-structured interviews and project documentation.  Eleven interviewees representing stakeholders were interviewed. Same set of questionnaires  was utilized. Case study research strategy was applied.  It is shown that agile planning especially on requirements definition is crucial on succeeding  with agile. Integration requires a helicopter overview on all systems, regardless phase of its  involvement during the project. Value driven development relies on deep understanding of  customer's vision. Organization support and management commitment are keys to success.  Distributed agile seeks better shared mental and situation awareness to minimize the impact of  distribution.  In conclusion, succeeding with distributed agile involves sufficient planning. Value is the key  factor to drive feature development. Organization is obliged to true commitment to agility.
Manage software testing
Developing a crisis communication scorecard : outcomes of an international research project 2008-2011 (Ref.)
Microsoft office 2003 inside out
Changing leadership for changing times
Software requirements
Microsoft® Access® small business solutions : state-of-the-art databases models for sales, marketing, customer management, and more key business activities
Laboratory of Work Psychology and Leadership
CISSP certification all-in-one exam guide
