http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23046 class consciousness
class consciousness
Constructing autocracy : aristocrats and emperors in Julio-Claudian Rome
The Hungarian social philosopher and literary critic Georg Lukács (1885-1971) is one of the seminal intellectual figures of the twentieth century. With the possible exception of Leon Trotsky, he is also widely recognized as the outstanding Marxist thinker aside from Marx himself. Yet, as Lewis Coser has observed, Lukács has remained the most enigmatic figure of the modern communist movement. Why were his theories so important to modern political and social thought? How did he come to have such influence on so many distinguished Western Intellectuals, and for such a long time? And why, despite this, did so many of his writings infuriate contemporary readers and critics? The centenary of Lukács birth was celebrated in 1985 with symposia in a number of countries on several continents. Hundreds of Lukács scholars and students attended, along with others who were interested in his time and his ideas, as well as the man and his work. In the process, new understanding of some of his most controversial concepts, ideas, and theses emerged. Newly discovered information and writings, as well as previously unknown preocupations in his seventy-year intellectual career were shared. This volume brings together some of the best and most original of the essays of participants in New York, Paris, Budapest, and Mexico City. Some of the contributions in this volume are sharply critical of Lukács; others are clearly admiring. A great many take an objective but severe look at diverse aspects of his work. Together they constitute a close examination of the life work of the man Thomas Mann once called "The most important literary critic of today," Jean-Paul Sartre hailed as a significant modern philosopher," and Irving Howe declared "a major force in European intellectual life." Collectively, this volume shows why Georg Lukács remains one of the remarkable intellectual figures of the twentieth century, whose work is of enduring significance for us today.
Constructing transnational and transracial identity : adoption and belonging in Sweden, Norway, and Denmark
The anthropological study of class and consciousness
Social legislation in the contemporary Middle East
Classes, power and conflict : classical and contemporary debates
Understanding emotions in the classroom : differentiating teaching strategies for optimal learning
All together different : Yiddish socialists, garment workers, and the labor roots of multiculturalism
Class awareness in the United States
Off white : reading on race, power, and society
Handbook on social stratification in the BRIC countries : change and perspective
Norway, Sweden, and Denmark are home to more than 90,000 transnational adoptees of Scandinavian parents raised in a predominantly white environment. This ethnography provides a unique perspective on how these transracial adoptees conceptualize and construct their sense of identity along the intersection of ethnicity, family, and national lines.
The comparative project on class structure and class consciousness in Tampere on 1-3 April 1985 : paperspresented at the congress
What is class consciousness?
Indigenous roots of feminism : culture, subjectivity and agency
Georg Lukács : theory, culture, and politics
A defence of history and class consciousness : Tailism and the dialectic
Envy up, scorn down : how status divides us
Critical language awareness
Wannabes, goths, and Christians : the boundaries of sex, style, and status
History and class consciousness : studies in Marxist dialectics
Class structure & social mobility in Poland
Staging the people : the proletarian and his double
America's working man : work, home, and politics among blue-collar property owners
Class struggle and the industrial revolution : early industrial capitalism in three English towns
Merchant, soldier, sage : a new history of power
Emigration, nation, vocation : the literature of English emigration to Canada, 1825-1900
The rise and fall of social cohesion : the construction and deconstruction of social trust in the US, UK and Denmark
Emily Dickinson and the labor of clothing
The lost May Day : Namibian workers struggle for independence
The affluent worker in the class structure
Regional imbalances and working-class consciousness
Classes and cultures : England 1918-1951
Social class : how does it work?
White trash : race and class in America
Gender and spoken interaction
The end of the Soviet period, the vast expansion in the power and influence of capital, and recent developments in social and aesthetic theory, have made the work of Hungarian Marxist philosopher and social critic Georg Lukács more vital than ever. The very innovations in literary method that, during the 80s and 90s, marginalized him in the West have now made possible new readings of Lukács, less in thrall to the positions taken by Lukács himself on political and aesthetic matters. What these developments amount to, this book argues, is an opportunity to liberate Lukács's thought from its formal and historical limitations, a possibility that was always inherent in Lukács's own thinking about the paradoxes of form. This collection brings together recent work on Lukács from the fields of Philosophy, Social and Political Thought, Literary and Cultural Studies. Against the odds, Lukács's thought has survived: as a critique of late capitalism, as a guide to the contradictions of modernity, and as a model for a temperament that refuses all accommodation with the way things are.
Nobles and nobility in medieval Europe : concepts, origins, transformations
Cultures of solidarity : consciousness, action, and contemporary American workers
A study of class consciousness among Georgian planters in the Antebellum period
Georg Lukács : the fundamental dissonance of existence: aesthetics, politics, literature
African American women playwrights : a study of race, gender and class
Capitalism, class conflict and the new middle class
Contemporary South Korean society : a critical perspective
This volume explores the ways in which social cohesion can be established and undermined. It examines the US and UK, where social cohesion declined in the latter part of the 20th century and Sweden and Denmark, where social cohesion increased, and puts forward a social constructivist explanation for this shift.
Coming apart : the state of white America, 1960-2010
Evading class in contemporary British literature
A critique of the white American class structure argues that the paths of social mobility that once advanced the nation are now serving to further isolate an elite upper class while enforcing a growing and resentful white underclass.
"Struggle a hard battle" : essays on working-class immigrants
