http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23038 lesbian culture
lesbian culture
Hidden from history : reclaiming the gay and lesbian past
Lesbian discourses : images of a community
In The History of Lesbian Hair, Mary Dugger delivers an unrelentingly hilarious view of the modern world. The redoubtable Ms. D. offers an uproarious array of illustrated essays, diagrams, and short takes, subdivided into Life ("The Downside to Lesbian Chic", how to "Build Your Own Lesbian", "So You Want to Be a Straight Girl", and the ultimate definition of children - "pets with thumbs"), Liberty ("Far Right Trading Cards", the ethics of outing, and an irrefutable argument proving that if homosexuals really do make up only 1.5 percent of the population, then every gay person in Chicago spends an average of $13.11 on liquor every single day), and The Pursuit of Happiness (the birth of the indomitable alter ego Marie DuGuerre, and her ongoing search for love, romance, and a decent vacation).
Inconsequence : lesbian representation and the logic of sexual sequence
Bodies of Evidence: The Practice of Queer Oral History is the first book to provide serious scholarly insight into the methodological practices that shape lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer oral histories. Each chapter pairs an oral history excerpt with an essay in which the oral historian addresses his or her methods and practices. With an afterword by John D'Emilio, this collection enables readers to examine the role memory, desire, sexuality, and gender play in documenting LGBTQ communities and cultures. The historical themes addressed include 1950s and '60s lesbian bar culture; social life after the Cuban revolution; the organization of transvestite social clubs in the U.S. midwest in the 1960s; Australian gay liberation activism in the 1970s; San Francisco electoral politics and the career of Harvey Milk; Asian American community organizing in pre-AIDS Los Angeles; lesbian feminist 'sex war' cultural politics; 1980s and '90s Latina/o transgender community memory and activism in San Francisco; and the war in Iraq and Afghanistan. The methodological themes include questions of silence, sexual self-disclosure and voyeurism, the intimacy between researcher and narrator, and the social and political commitments negotiated through multiple oral history interviews. The book also examines the production of comparative racial and sexual identities and the relative strengths of same-sexuality, cross-sexuality, and cross-ideology interviewing
East Asian sexualities : modernity, gender & new sexual cultures
Heroes and exiles : gay icons through the ages
Seismic changes took place in Western societies attitudes to homosexuality around the turn of the 20th and 21st centuries. At first, gay communities suffered from rabidly hostile responses to the AIDS epidemic. Those terrible years were followed by piecemeal legal reform and a gradual thaw in the way gayness was represented in popular culture. From the wages of sin to the commercialisation of desire, from pretend families to equal marriage, gay people were eventually sucked into the mainstream of contemporary life. But how irreversible are those changes, how secure the future they promise? Best known for his literary criticism, Gregory Woods now turns his attention to journalism, film, TV, shopping, popular fiction, cartoons, the memoirs of the Beirut hostages, desert island stories, travel brochures, Italian camp, and anything else that takes his fancy. By paying close attention to the detail, he manages to convey the broader picture of a major turning-point in Western attitudes to sexuality. These essays amply demonstrate how gay and lesbian studies, far from addressing only narrow concerns, open up fresh perspectives on some of the more intractable issues of our times.
Sister arts : the erotics of lesbian landscapes
Bodies of evidence : the practice of queer oral history
The myth of the last taboo: : queer subcultural studies
"From the ancient poet Sappho to tombois in contemporary Indonesia, women throughout history and around the globe have desired, loved, and had sex with other women. Sapphistries tells their stories, capturing the multitude of ways that diverse societies have shaped female same-sex sexuality across time and place." "Leila Rupp reveals how, from the time of the very earliest societies, the possibility of love between women has been known, even when it is feared, ignored, or denied. We hear women in the sex-segregated spaces of convents and harems whispering words of love. We see women beginning to find each other em the streets of London and Amsterdam, in the aristocratic circles of Paris, in the factories of Shanghai. We find women's desire and love for women meeting the light of day as Japanese schoolgirls fall in love, and lesbian bars and clubs spread from 1920s Berlin to 1950s Buffalo. And we encounter a world of difference in the twenty-first century, as transnational concepts and lesbian identities meet local understandings of how two women might love each other. Sapphistries combines lyrical narrative with meticulous historical research, providing a uniquely sweeping story of desire, love, and sex between women around the globe from the beginning of time to the present."--BOOK JACKET.
Queering the underworld : slumming, literature, and the undoing of lesbian and gay history
The web : social control in a lesbian community
Queer Japan : personal stories of Japanese lesbians, gays, transsexuals, and bisexuals
Lesbian Connection : A Nationwide forum of news & ideas by, for & about lesbians
QW : Queer World
Femmes of power : exploding queer femininities
Outrage : a magazine for lesbians and gay men
Social exclusion of young lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people in Europe
The history of lesbian hair : and other tales of bent life in a straight world
The pink paper : Britain's only national newspaper for lesbians & gay men
Essential dykes to watch out for
Images in the dark : an encyclopedia of gay and lesbian film and video
Auto/biography and identity : women, theatre and performance
Stone butch blues : a novel
In Post-Queer Politics, Ruffolo looks at the work of Foucault, Butler, Bakhtin, Deleuze, Guattari and others in his creative refocus on the queer/heteronormative dyad that has largely consumed queer studies and contemporary politics. He offers a radical and intersectional new way of thinking about class, race, sex, gender, sexuality and ability that extends beyond queer studies to be truly transdisciplinary in its focus and political implications. It will appeal to readers across a range of subjects, including gender and sexuality studies, philosophy, cultural studies, political science, and education.
Lesbian lives : sexuality, space and subculture in Moscow
Jess Goldberg decides to come out as a butch in the bars and factories of the prefeminist '60s and then to pass as a man in order to survive when she is left without work or a community in the early '70s.
The masculine woman in Weimar Germany
Brazen femme : queering femininity
Queer popular culture : literature, media, film, and television
Lesbian dames : Sapphism in the long eighteenth century
Stilettos, lipstick, beards: there's more than one way to be a queer femme. Photographer Del Lagrace Volcano and writer Ulrika Dahl have travelled seven countries in their quest to explore the notion of queer femininity. The result is Femmes of Power, a book of coffee-table-beautiful photography mixed with postgraduate-level queer theory discussions of gender expression. In a queer world that can still be suspicious of women who claim to be gay yet have long hair, femmes like Swedish linguist Charlotte Karlsdotter, who believe "a well-shaped and kept beard is a beautiful ornament that shouldn't belong to men only", occupy a whole other level of queer femininity, which Lagrace Volcano and Dahl are delighted to explore.
Fashioning Sapphism : the origins of a modern English lesbian culture
Presence and desire : essays on gender, sexuality, performance
Lady dicks and lesbian brothers : staging the unimaginable at the WOW Café Theatre
Lesbian geographies : gender, place and power
A companion to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer studies
Sapphistries : a global history of love between women
Gay and lesbian tourism : the essential guide for marketing
Eileen Gray and the design of Sapphic modernity : staying in
Conflict and counterpoint in lesbian, gay, and feminist studies
Lesbian scandal and the culture of modernism
The chapters address the diversity and variety of everyday sexual lives and sexual politics in China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea and Japan. They range from workplace sexual cultures, trans-national sexual relations, the conditions of sex-work and the emergence of new sexual desires, cultures and movements. The contributors highlight the gendered and sexual consequences of globalization and rapid social change. In doing so, they engage with western debates on late modernity while also exploring the contested understandings of modernization and westernization in the East. This is a collection which illuminates the local situations in which women's sexual lives are lived and offers fresh perspectives on global issues.
Feminist and queer performance : critical strategies
Survey -- Inverted Histories: 1885-1979 / Richard Meyer -- Inside the Body Politic: 1980-present -- Works -- Thresholds (1885-1909) -- Stepping Out (1910-29) -- Case Studies (1930-49) -- Closet Organizers (1950-64) -- Into the Streets (1965-79) -- Sex Wars (1980-94) -- Queer Worlds (1995-present) -- Documents -- Thresholds (1885-1909) -- Stepping Out (1910-29) -- Case Studies (1930-49) -- Closet Organizers (1950-64) -- Into the Streets (1965-79) -- Sex Wars (1980-94) -- Queer Worlds (1995-present).
How are romantic and erotic relationships between women represented in the literature of the long eighteenth century? How does Sapphism surface in other contemporary discourses, including politics, pornography, economics and art? After more than a generation of lesbian-gay scholarship that has examined identities, practices, prohibitions and transgressions surrounding same-sex desire, this collection offers an exciting and indispensable array of new scholarship in gender and sexuality studies. The contributors - who include noted writers, critics and historians such as Emma Donoghue, George E. Haggerty, Susan S. Lanser and Valerie Traub - provide varied and provocative research into the dynamics and histories of lesbianism and Sapphism. They build on the work of scholarship on Sapphism and interrogate the efficacy of such a notion in describing the varieties of same-sex love between women during the long eighteenth century. This groundbreaking collection, the first multi-authored volume to examine lesbian representation and culture in this era, presents a diversity of theoretical and critical approaches, from close literary analysis to the history of reading and publishing, psychoanalysis, biography, historicism, deconstruction and queer theory.
Staging black feminisms : identity, politics, performance
Fashioning Sapphism locates the novelist Radclyffe Hall and other prominent lesbians—including the pioneer in women's policing, Mary Allen, the artist Gluck, and the writer Bryher—within English modernity through the multiple sites of law, sexology, fashion, and literary and visual representation, thus tracing the emergence of a modern English lesbian subculture in the first two decades of the twentieth century. Drawing on extensive new archival research, the book interrogates anew a range of myths long accepted without question (and still in circulation) concerning, to cite only a few, the extent of homophobia in the 1920s, the strategic deployment of sexology against sexual minorities, and the rigidity of certain cultural codes to denote lesbianism in public culture.
