http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23094 systems intelligence
systems intelligence
Advancing professional musician careers of students with special educational needs: a systems approach : an application of Systems Intelligence Theory and Complex Responsive Processes Model to special music education
The master algorithm : how the quest for the ultimate learning machine will remake our world
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
Knowledge engineering for software development life cycles : support technologies and applications
Systems intelligence in leadership and everyday life
Systems intelligence : discovering a hidden competence in human action and organizational life
Pattern recognition : statistical structural and neural approaches
Emergence : the connected lives of ants, brains, cities, and software
Neuro-fuzzy and soft computing : a computational approach to learning and machine intelligence
Intelligent products and systems : technology theme : final report
Emergence : the connected lives of ants, brains, cities and software
Being better better : living with systems intelligence
"This book bridges the best practices and design principles successfully employed over last two decades with modern Knowledge Engineering (KE), which has provided some of the most valuable techniques and tools to support encoding knowledge and experiences"--Provided by publisher.
A framework for coordination in distributed production management
Evolution of semantic systems
Customizing a maturity model for the evaluation of the development of shared situational awareness and the utilization of spatial information
Computer science : an overview
Essays on systems intelligence
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
General systems theory : ideas & applications
Imbalanced learning : foundations, algorithms, and applications
Principles of database and knowledge-base systems. Volume 1.
Systems intelligence : a new lens on human engagement and action
On the steel breeze
Model-driven development of advanced user interfaces
