http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23085 ethicality
ethicality
Moral disengagement : how people do harm and live with themselves
Holistic development of the Human Factor (HM) elements as the foundation of good leadership character and the key to success in transformational development
Presence of unethical elements in gambling advertisements : content analysis of internet gambling websites targeted to American consumers
Cosmopolitanism : ethics in a world of strangers
"Queer Postcolonial Narratives and the Ethics of Witnessing is a critically engaged exploration of power and its relation to ethics and bodies. By revisiting and revising Judith Butler's and Homi Bhabha's queer and postcolonial theories of literary performance, McCormack expands current understandings of the performative workings of power through an embodied, multisensory ethics. That remembering is an embodied act which necessitates an undoing of one's sense of self captures how colonial and familial histories silenced by hegemonic structures may only emerge through opaque bodily sensations. These non-institutionalised forms of witnessing serve both to reconfigure theories of performativity, by re-situating the act of witnessing as integral to the workings of power, and to interrogate the current emphasis on speech in trauma studies, by analysing the multifarious, communal and public ways in which memories emerge. In Queer Postcolonial Narratives and the Ethics of Witnessing the body is reinstated as central to both the workings of and the challenges to colonial discourses"--
Ethical clothing : new awareness or fading fashion trend?
Emotion and value
The ghost sister
Narrative discourse analysis for teacher educators : managing cultural differences in classrooms
Problem solved : how to recognize the nineteen recurring problems faced in design, branding and communication and how to solve them
Virtues that work : ethical organisational culture as a context for occupational well-being and personal work goals
Ethics in consumer choice : An empirical analysis based on the example of coffee
Ethical issues in youth work
Private security and the law
Business ethics and virtue : on Robert C. Solomon's many ways of being ethical
Ethical work climate in a virtual team : towards a framework of studying ethical decision-making in a virtual team
The importance of value honest : determining factors and some hints to ethics
Goodbye for now
Ethics and consumer behavior in clothing industry
Youth work ethics
Change everything : creating an economy for the common good
The ethics of tourism : critical and applied perspectives
Challenges and opportunities of The Humane Cosmetics Standard in cosmetics industry
Financial accounting : international financial reporting standards
Theology, anthropology and neuroscience
Ethics codes in national administrations : a comparison of eight European countries
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
Iniating environmentally-friendly marketing campaigns : marketing ethical cosmetics in spa-facilities
Understanding McDonald's Among the "World’s Most Ethical Companies"
"Relational Ethics in Practice" presents a new collection of narratives on ethics in day-to-day therapeutic practice. Highly experienced professionals from a range of roles in the therapeutic professions explore ways of developing ethical and effective relationships. The contributors provide the reader with engaging and informative narratives that indicate how ethics can inform and influence practice in a variety of clinical contexts across the helping professions. These personal and professional narratives will encourage people to think more pro actively about ethics and the impact that they have on both therapeutic practice, and life in general. Throughout this book, Lynne Gabriel, Roger Casemore and their contributors emphasize that the consideration of the ethical dimension is of paramount importance to successful processes and outcomes in every therapeutic relationship. Chapters cover a number of topics including: how theoretical approaches can inform ethical decision making and practice; practical difficulties and ethical challenges; innovative and unconventional approaches; informed consent across various contexts; pointers for good practice; and, the notion of the 'wounded healer'. "Relational Ethics in Practice: Narratives from Counseling and Psychotherapy" will appeal to a wide range of readers involved in the helping professions including counselors, psychotherapists, researchers, supervisors and trainees.
A research on the ethical dimension of banking crises in the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (TRNC)
Slow fashion : aesthetics meets ethics
The cure for modern life : a novel
Consumption norms and everyday ethics
The official line is clear: the UK does not 'participate in, solicit, encourage or condone' torture. And yet, the evidence is irrefutable: when it comes to dealing with potential threats to our national security, the gloves always come off.
Social justice : welfare, crime and society
Foundations for paramedic practice : a theoretical perspective
This Deleuzian century : art, activism, life
Ethical Investment Policy of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland
"How do otherwise considerate human beings do cruel things and still live in peace with themselves? Drawing on his agentic theory, Dr. Bandura provides a definitive exposition of the psychosocial mechanism by which people selectively disengage their moral self-sanctions from their harmful conduct. They do so by sanctifying their harmful behavior as serving worthy causes; they absolve themselves of blame for the harm they cause by displacement and diffusion of responsibility; they minimize or deny the harmful effects of their actions; and they dehumanize those they maltreat and blame them for bringing the suffering on themselves. Dr. Bandura's theory of moral disengagement is uniquely broad in scope. Theories of morality focus almost exclusively at the individual level. He insightfully extends the disengagement of morality to the social-system level through which large-scale inhumanities are perpetrated...Moral disengagement will transform your thinking about how otherwise considerate people can behave inhumanely and still feel good about themselves." -- Book jacket.
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Slow Fashion offers creatives, entrepreneurs, and ethical consumers alike a glimpse into the innovative world of the eco-concept store movement, sustainable design, and business that puts people, livelihoods and sustainability central to everything they do. Safia Minney argues that the future of brick and mortar retail is in the best in fair trade, sustainable, and organic products, together with vintage, second hand, and local produce. Restorative economics, the well-being of our planet, and our bodies and minds can be inspired by this growing sector, one that is shaping big business. This book curates pioneering people and projects that will inspire you to be part of the change.
Nature and sustainability : an educational study with Rousseau and Foucault
The book brings together diverse views from around the world and provides a comprehensive overview of the subject, beginning with different definitions of academic integrity through how to create the ethical academy. At the same time, the Handbook does not shy away from some of the vigorous debates in the field such as the causes of academic integrity breaches. There has been an explosion of interest in academic integrity in the last 10-20 years. New technologies that have made it easier than ever for students to 'cut and paste', coupled with global media scandals of high profile researchers behaving badly, have resulted in the perception that plagiarism is 'on the rise'. This, in combination with the massification and commercialisation of higher education, has resulted in a burgeoning interest in the importance of academic integrity, how to safeguard it and how to address breaches appropriately. What may have seemed like a relatively easy topic to address - students copying sources without attribution - has in fact, turned out to be a very complex, interdisciplinary field of research requiring contributions from linguists, psychologists, social scientists, anthropologists, teaching and learning specialists, mathematicians, accountants, medical doctors, lawyers and philosophers, to name just a few. Despite or perhaps because of this broad interest and input, there has been no single authoritative reference work which brings together the vast, growing, interdisciplinary and at times contradictory body of literature. For both established researchers/practitioners and those new to the field, this Handbook provides a one-stop-shop as well as a launching pad for new explorations and discussions.
Living poetically in the modern age : the situational aspects of Kierkegaard's thought
This outstanding comparative study on the curating of “difficult knowledge” focuses on two museum exhibitions that presented the same lynching photographs. Through a detailed description of the exhibitions and drawing on interviews with museum staff and visitor comments, Roger I. Simon explores the affective challenges to thought that lie behind the different curatorial frameworks and how viewers' comments on the exhibitions perform a particular conversation about race in America. He then extends the discussion to include contrasting exhibitions of photographs of atrocities committed by the German army on the Eastern Front during World War II, as well as to photographs taken at the Khmer Rouge S-21 torture and killing center. With an insightful blending of theoretical and qualitative analysis, Simon proposes new conceptualizations for a contemporary public pedagogy dedicated to bearing witness to the documents of racism.--
Sustainable fashion : new approaches
Towards ethical solidarity : postcolonial perspectives on Fida's humanitarian partnership forum
Young future tourism professionals and ethical tourism
Translators and their readers : in hommage to Eugene A. Nida
Asian public theology : critical concerns in challenging times
Social justice in these times
Six Facets of Ethical Leadership : An Executive's Guide to the New Ethics in Business
Negotiation genius : how to overcome obstacles and achieve brilliant results at the bargaining table and beyond
The food book
Eco-textile labelling. 2008 : a guide for manufacturers, retailers and brands
Insights and outlouds: Childhood research in the North
Integrity in business : developing ethical behavior across cultures and jurisdictions
Ethical organizational culture and person-organization fit
Neopatrimonialism in Africa and beyond
Practical aspects of cosmetic testing : how to set up a scientific study in skin physiology
Ethics for the built environment
Alternative food geographies : representation and practice
Clinical teaching strategies in nursing
Editorial: An ethical enterprise - What is it?
Relational ethics in practice : narratives from counselling and psychotherapy
Social media for direct selling representatives
A 21st century ethical toolbox
Take back the economy : an ethical guide for transforming our communities
Religious ethics and migration : doing justice to undocumented workers
Techno-fix : why technology won't save us or the environment
Knowledge as property : issues in the moral grounding of intellectual property rights
Understanding social work research
The Ethical Nature of a Teacher's Work
Touching a nerve : the self as brain
A pedagogy of witnessing : curatorial practice and the pursuit of social justice
Virtues for innovativeness : a mixed methods study of ethical organisational culture and organisational innovativeness
A better way to think about business : how personal integrity leads to corporate success
The 20 Ps of marketing : a complete guide to marketing strategy
Queer postcolonial narratives and the ethics of witnessing
Beyond Self : ethical and spiritual dimensions of economics
Marketing planning : a global perspective
This fourth edition of a highly acclaimed text continues to provide a comprehensive framework for planning, guiding and evaluating learning activities for graduate and undergraduate nursing students in a wide variety of settings. It is a respected resource for clinical faculty that provides proven strategies to maximise clinical learning. This revised edition features expanded content on approaches to meet the clinical learning needs of graduate students, regulatory issues affecting distance education across state lines and the use of social media. It covers establishing and using Dedicated Education Units, the challenges of student access to electronic health records and electronic documentation of care, and reducing the demands of clinical staff members when multiple students rotate through a particular setting. Additionally, the fourth edition provides guidelines for using preceptors, evaluating multimedia and observing students in clinical practise; sample observation guidelines, learning assignments and clinical learning activities; and sample policies for clinical evaluation and adherence to professional conduct standards. The latest revisions of the NCLEX test plan and the American Association of Colleges of Nursing Essentials guidelines for graduate and undergraduate nursing education are also included. New to the Fourth Edition: Two completely new chapters on Developing Clinical Learning Sites and Pedagogical Technologies for Clinical Education Practise tools and guidelines for clinical learning activities Expanded approaches for meeting the clinical needs of graduate students Regulatory issues affecting distance education across state lines Use of social media Discussion of benefits of using Dedicated Education Units and practical suggestions for developing them as clinical teaching sites Important content regarding the NLN CNE Examination Detailed Test Blueprint is highlighted throughout textChallenges of student access to electronic health records Guidelines for using preceptors, evaluating multimedia and student observation Instructor's Guide, Syllabi for various course lengths and PowerPoint slides Latest revisions of the NCLEX test plan and the AACN Essentials guidelines Sample observation guidelines, learning assignments and clinical learning activities Sample policies for clinical evaluation and adherence to professional conduct standards
Cruel Britannia : a secret history of torture
Marketing and the common good : essays from Notre Dame on societal impact
Educational leadership : together creating ethical learning environments
Green consumer with green conscience - The Body Shop and green consumer profile
I found it on the internet : coming of age online
The role of ethical organizational culture in preventing sickness absence and turnover in organizations
Ethical Issues on eHealth
Insights and outlouds : childhood research in the North
Medical ethics of medieval Islam : with special reference to al-Ruhāwī's Practical ethics of the physician
Understanding business ethics
The book Asian Public Theology is inspired by the vision that the response to the multifarious problems facing this continent needs a reflection in public along with many partners; it may not be responded to by conventional or dominant theologies pursued within narrow confines. This book takes up issues of public concern in Asia, examines them with the help of many disciplines and reflects on them in the light of the humanistic vision and values of Christian message. It is a theology that is open to all religious traditions and secular ideologies which are also challenged by the critical issues of this continent. At a time when more and more people are drawn into the null spaces of social insensitivity and seduced by the glitz and glamour of globalisation and its consumerism, public theology as a critical intervention, takes on a prophetic character. Asian Public Theology acknowledges the agency of the subalterns, affirms their ethical sense, inspires courage and evokes hope in them to build a different Asia. This book also discusses the human and ethical responsibility of all to take up the cause of the marginalised.
Radical consumption : shopping for change in contemporary culture
Ethics and socially responsible investment : a philosophical approach
Augustinian just war theory and the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq : confessions, contentions, and the lust for power
Charismatic Leadership and Ethics from Gender Perspective
Not just a pretty face : the ugly side of the beauty industry
Handbook of academic integrity
"Marketing has changed dramatically since the four classic Ps of the marketing mix (price, product, promotion and place) were proposed. The new marketing landscape is characterised by the demand for constant innovation, rising pressure on budgets, the growth of social media and the impact of issues of sustainability and ethical issues. As the business landscape has transformed so have the fundamental areas marketers need to master to succeed. The 20 Ps of Marketing provides a thorough guide to marketers at all levels of the new elements of the marketing mix they need to contend with for business success including: planning; persuasion; publicity; positioning; productivity; partnerships; passion and more. Combining practical advice with case studies it covers brands that have changed the game through mastery of the 20 Ps such as Hagen Daz and Sony, and others, such as Kodak, who got left behind. This essential guide to the current face of marketing strategy provides marketers with a thorough and valuable grounding to the new fundamentals of marketing"--
Four lectures on ethics : anthropological perspectives
Branded! : how the 'certification revolution' is transforming global corporations
Cine-ethics : ethical dimensions of film theory, practice and spectatorship
"This volume looks at the significance and range of ethical questions that pertain to various film practices. Diverse philosophical traditions provide useful frameworks to discuss spectators' affective and emotional engagement with film, which can function as a moral ground for one's connection to others and to the world outside the self. These traditions encompass theories of emotion, phenomenology, the philosophy of compassion, and analytic and continental ethical thinking and environmental ethics. This anthology is one of the first volumes to open up a dialogue among these diverse methodologies. Contributors bring to the fore some of the assumptions implicitly shared between these theories and forge a new relationship between them in order to explore the moral engagement of the spectator and the ethical consequences of both producing and consuming films"--
An assessment of the ethical dimensions that impact on corruption
The ethics of visuality : Levinas and the contemporary gaze
The (honest) truth about dishonesty : how we lie to everyone - especially ourselves
Ethical team leadership : as construed by Finnish managers
Materials experience : fundamentals of materials and design
Ethics and security
An Ethical Investments Evaluation for Portfolio Selection
The ethical organisation
Managers and lying: Constructing a framework for empirical analysis
Responsible leadership : lessons from the front line of sustainability and ethics
Ethical demands and responsibilities in online publishing. The Finnish experience
Ethics and data collection in arts-based inguiry : artist-researcher embedded in medical education
Social psychological studies on ethical food choice
Comparing concerns : some issues in organ and other donations
Ethical issues in the teaching and learning of health topics in schools: the conceptions of teacher trainees
Indigenous methodologies : characteristics, conversations, and contexts
Levinas and twentieth-century literature : ethics and the reconstitution of subjectivity
Media ethics : cases and moral reasoning
The effect of business ethics on buying behaviour
Emotional and ethical challenges for field research in Africa : the story behind the findings
Although codes of conduct and ethics provide guidance, professionals have to exercise their own judgement in increasingly complex and demanding roles and work contexts when applying them to practice. At times, this can lead to conflict between personal, professional and interprofessional ethics due to the dynamics of the person-centred environment they function in. This interdisciplinary book draws on the perspectives of forty authors from four continents to explore the dynamics of ethical dilemmas using theory, research and practice-based examples. Overall, the book will help to spearhead the debate about these ethical dilemmas, and ways of working with them, in an informed manner.
There are increasingly strident calls from many sectors of society for the tourism industry, the world's largest industry, to adopt a more ethical approach to the way it does business. In particular there has been an emphasis placed on the need for a more ethical approach to the way the tourism industry interacts with consumers, the environment, with indigenous peoples, those in poverty, and those in destinations suffering human rights abuses. This book introduces students to the important topic of tourism ethics and illustrates how ethical principles and theory can be applied to address contemporary tourism industry issues. A critical role of the book is to highlight the ethical challenges in the tourism industry and to situate tourism ethics within wider contemporary discussions of ethics in general. Integrating theory and practice the book analyses a broad range of topical and relevant tourism ethical issues from the urgent 'big-picture' problems facing the industry as a whole (e.g. air travel and global warming) to more micro-scale everyday issues that may face individual tourism operators, or indeed, individual tourists. The book applies relevant ethical frameworks to each issue, addressing a range of ethical approaches to provide the reader with a firm grounding of applied ethics, from first principles. International case studies with reflective questions at the end are integrated throughout to provide readers with valuable insight into real world ethical dilemmas, encouraging critical analysis of tourism ethical issues as well as ethically determined decisions. Discussion questions and annotated further reading are included to aid further understanding. The Ethics of Tourism: Critical and Applied Perspectives is essential reading for all Tourism students globally.
Exploring the dynamics of personal, professional and interprofessional ethics
About the Ethics of Business Competition
Good business : exercising effective and ethical leadership
Unethical behaviors as a challenge to service provision : the case of Uganda’s public health system
Altered genes, twisted truth : how the venture to genetically engineer our food has subverted science, corrupted government, and systematically deceived the public
Sur le fil - traducteurs et éthique, éthiques du traducteur : Between the devil and the deep blue sea - translators and ethics in translation
Beyond animal rights : food, pets and ethics
Ethics in speech and language therapy
Ethical and ecological clothing : Finnish consumer's perspective
The SRI advantage : why socially responsible investing has outperformed financially
The edge of extinction : travels with enduring people in vanishing lands
Cases in leadership
Coal from the East and the South : responsibility in energy company coal purchases
Design denied : the dynamics of withholding good design and its ethical implications
Design and ethics : reflections on practice
Crass struggle : greed, glitz, and gluttony in a wanna-have world
Sustainability in hospitality : how innovative hotels are transforming the industry
Towards more ethical engagements in North-South education sector partnerships
European code of conduct for the political integrity of local and regional elected representatives
Impressions of Questionable Marketing Practices in Indonesia: The Influence of Gender and Social Desirability Response Bias
The Snowden files : the inside story of the world's most wanted man
Values, payments and institutions for ecosystem management : a developing country perspective
Can we organize courage? Implications of Foucault's parrhesia
The ethical challenges of the soldier : the French experience
Food for thought : changing the world one bite at a time
The virtues of the table : how to eat and think
Zoos and tourism : conservation, education, entertainment?
Ethical approaches to physical interventions : responding to challenging behaviour in people with intellectual disabilities
Unfair trade : the shocking truth behind 'ethical' business
This edited collection brings together new research on public service interpreting and translation (PSIT) with a focus on ideology, ethics and policy development. The contributions provide fresh theoretical and empirical perspectives on the inconsistencies in translation and interpreting provision observed in different geonational contexts and the often-reported tensions between prescribed approaches to ethics and practitioner experience. The discussions are set against the backdrop of developments in rights-based discourses on language support services and the professionalisation of the field, drawing attention to how stakeholders and interpreting practitioners navigate the realities of service in the context of shifting ideological landscapes. Particular innovations in the collection include theorisations about policy and practice that draw on political science, applied ethics and paradigms of trauma-informed care. The volume also presents research on settings that have received limited attention to date such as prison and charitable services for survivors of violence and trauma.
Contemporary issues in green and ethical marketing
Level of Ethics, Ethical Frustration and Accountant Discretionary Practices
Critical thinking across the curriculum : developing critical thinking skills, literacy and philosophy in the primary classroom
Assessment of skin physiology is moving rapidly away from a purely descriptive approach as we gain a deeper understanding of biophysical and biochemical processes in the stratum corneum, such as those relating to its barrier function and hydration. As a result of research utilizing bioengineering methods, reliable and reproducible approaches are now available for product testing in the pharmaceutical and cosmetic industry as well as in basic research. This book examines in detail all aspects of cosmetic testing -- legal, general, and practical. After discussion of regulatory and ethical issues and guidelines, essential guidance is provided on the planning, performance, and evaluation of scientific studies in skin physiology. The topics addressed range from laboratory and staffing requirements through to testing devices and methods, factors influencing measurements, and study design. In addition, detailed information is provided on test settings for a range of cosmetic products. All of the authors are recognized experts in their field. This book will be invaluable to researchers, students, and medical staff in explaining how best to assess skin functions in controlled studies using non-invasive biophysical instruments.
An accessible guide to demystifying the economy and creating a more just and sustainable world. Take back the economy dismantles the idea that the economy is separate from us and best comprehended by experts, demonstrating that the economy is the outcome of the decisions and efforts we make every day. Full of exercises and inspiring examples from around the world, it shows how people can implement small-scale changes in their own lives to create ethical economies
Disconnected : youth, new media, and the ethics gap
Creating a Company Code of Ethics: Using the Bible as a Guide
Me medicine vs. we medicine : reclaiming biotechnology for the common good
Tourism industry is one of the fastest growing industries in the world. Hence ethical and responsible tourism are getting increasingly more value as the amount of travelers constantly grows. This thesis focuses on ethical and responsible tourism as well as on young future tourism professionals' relationship over ethical tourism. The objectives of the thesis, commissioned by Reilun matkailun yhdistys ry, were to find out young future tourism professionals thougths over ethical tourism, how aware they are of it and to survey whether ethicalness affects in their travel behavior and decision making before and during a trip. Similarly the thesis aimed to provide the commissioning association valuable and utilizable information for their future operations as messengers of ethical and responsible tourism. Also HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences was aimed to be an exploiter of the research results as the students' relationship towards ethicalness and working life was studied as well. The theoretical framework of the thesis consisted of three main parts: ethicalness, responsible tourism and sustainability in tourism. Plenty of literature was reviwed in order to assure the scientific approach in thesis. Also Internet sources were used to support the literature sources. The research method used was quantitative in order to survey a large target group and collect statictical data. The target group for the research was HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences' tourism students studying in Porvoo and Haaga units. A questionnaire was created with Webropol online solution and was sent centralized to the target group. The survey consisted of multiple choice questions as well as a scaled and an open ended question. The results of the research showed the survey participants' great interest towards ethical tourism and expressed clearly the respondents opinion over the importance of ethical tourism.
Sustainability : how the cosmetics industry is greening up
Knowledge management
Ideology, ethics and policy development in public service interpreting and translation
Outlining an original philosophical argument on the place of visuality in Levinas' ethics, Kenaan looks at the concepts of his work and articulates his vision of 'otherness' together with the visual tropes of the human face as symbolic of alterity and transcendence.
Mission in African christianity : critical essays in missiology
