http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23073 project managers
project managers
Team Handbook
Project management in ICT organization : How to enable and support the unified way of working
Microsoft Project 2010 project management : real world skills for certification and beyond
Managing project delivery : maintaining control and achieving success
Abstract: Project management in ICT organization : how to enable and support the unified way of working. The present thesis was made to Tieto Oyj. The aim of this thesis was to build a model on how a project manager works at Tieto and to develop a tool to support the model. The main focus of this thesis was the tool and its implementation. Many sections of this thesis are classified, so there is lot of material in the appendixes. The study was conducted as an action research. The objectives and research questions were formulized studying first the current situation by investigating employee satisfaction and customer satisfaction surveys. Moreover, an additional questionnaire about the tools was sent to the project managers. Actual work started at the end of 2009 and both the model and the tool were implemented during 2011. The theory base for this study was primarily in project management. Leadership, organization culture and change management theories were used as supporting theories. Based on the theories and the existing knowledge the model for solving the challenges was built. The model was then taken forward as a concept and a tool. As a result of this work the model, a frame, was build and it will function also as a model for the upcoming development work in Project Management area. Model identifies what kind of expectations there were for project managers and requirements for performing the tasks. The tool developed on the basis of the model gathers all the supported tools to one place, so that it is easier for project managers to find them. The tool also provides a view to the most important key performance indicators, latest documentation, support and it helps to keep contact with the project members. The implemented model for project management work is very useful and its development needs to continue. In addition the developed and implemented tool Project Desktop is only in its first production phase. Feedback from project managers about the tool has been very positive. The offered help and support for project managers has also affected positively on customer feedback. There are other development projects ongoing at the same time and it is important that these improved tools will be brought to the Project Desktop as well.
Change Management Competence - Key Contributor to Project Success : Case: Nokia Solutions Networks / key project managers
Project management effectiveness in different organizational conditions
Integrated Cost and Schedule Control in Project Management
Advanced project management : a complete guide to the key processes, models and techniques
Project management : challenges for project leader
Project management guidelines and checklist : a project based thesis for the Fair Factor Oy
Essays on managing cultural impacts in multinational projects
Project managers leading international projects must deliver value and align the project outcomes to the wider strategic goals of the organization. However, they are faced with the challenges of cross cultural communication and behavioural differences, large-scale and technically complex projects involving multiple stakeholders, and slow decision making when speed is of the essence. Leading International Projects helps overcome these challenges by taking a holistic approach, drawing on systemic, behavioural and psychological perspectives to build team trust, communicate to avoid misunderstanding and conflict, and identify and minimize risk of derailment. It provides a practical toolbox for successfully managing international projects. Leading International Projects provides case studies from experienced project professionals working internationally, each offering deep insights into the challenges of cross-border projects and practical ideas on how to lead successfully. It presents the experiences of consultants and senior project management professionals and their reflections on projects that they ran. Practical guidance on managing the complex dynamics of international projects is provided through individual, team and organizational diagnostic and development tools.
Project management in ICT organization : how to enable and support the unified way of working
Supporting the success of an information systems project : viewpoints on education and replacement of the project manager
Abstract: Model for Health Counseling Center of Kainuu for Intravenous Drug Users Between Ages 18 to 29.
Commercial management : theory and practice
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Cookbook for project coordinators
Change management competence - key contributor to project success : case: Nokia Solutions Networks / key project managers
Leading international projects : diverse strategies for project success
Managing Project Delivery : maintaining Control and Achieving Success
97 things every project manager should know : collective wisdom from the experts
