http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23070 wireless technology
wireless technology
Purpose – The purpose of this paper is to examine the barriers associated with the adoption and use  of mobile sales force automation (SFA) systems from a salesperson's perspective.  Design/methodology/approach – A qualitative investigation of two business-to-business  companies was conducted. Data collected from ten semi-structured interviews with directors or sales  managers were analyzed to understand the main barriers to SFA system adoption.  Findings – The study confirms the existence of three barriers (customer knowledge, quality of  information and the characteristics of mobile devices) to a mobile SFA system use and identifies two  additional barriers: lack of time and optimization issues.  Research limitations/implications – The explorative nature of the study and the qualitative  method employed limit the generalizability of the results. The propositions could be further validated  and tested with a wider population.  Practical implications – Organizations wishing to speed the adoption of a mobile SFA system  should evaluate the importance and significance of the five identified barriers to adoption, and plan how  to overcome them. It is important for the providers of the mobile SFA systems to focus on developing  systems that can exploit the different characteristics of each channel and, in parallel, overcome the  inherent limitations of any single channel. The content of an SFA system should be customizable for  each type of mobile device.  Originality/value – Ever increasing mobility has led to a rise in the use of smartphones and tablet  PCs (tablets) in business and the consequent growth in the use of SFA systems. Although SFA systems  have been studied for roughly 30 years, little is known of the impact of newly developed mobile devices  on sales management and sales personnel.
Mobile technology in Africa : the emergence and  indispensability of mobile phones
The RF in RFID : passive UHF RFID in practice
Wi-Fi Alliance Hotspot 2.0 Specification based network discovery, selection, authentication, deployment and functionality tests
Mobile technology for interest-based communities : concept design with a knowledge-based approach
On the exploration of mobile technology acceptance among law enforcement officers using structural equation modelling (SEM) : a multi-group analysis of the Finnish police force
CWDP certified wireless design professional : official study guide
The usage of Microsoft Push Notification Service on mobile devices
Multiple input multiple output (MIMO) schemes in LTE and LTE-advanced
"My SocioWorld" : an optimized application for mobile social networking
Design and implementation of wireless modules for farm monitoring
Bluetooth wireless protocol
Wireless all-in-one for dummies
Book alone is not enough : enriching printed learning material with  digital mobile technology
Semantic place recognition for context aware services
Software development for mobile devices: iPhone OS vs. Maemo
Creating art with mobile phones in public spaces is an emerging form of artistic expression. This dissertation investigates the design of mobile art applications for creating and sharing interactive art experiences in public spaces. It explores new ways of deploying mobile and ubiquitous computing for art making that fosters creativity and community. This is done by developing a series of novel prototype applications, with a focus on multimodal interfaces, that are put into use in authentic environments for validation by real people. The results of this research inform future design of new forms of artistic and social activity that may eventually become everyday actions of creative expression and exploration.
Mobile telecommunication evolution : from 3G towards 4G networks
Beginning Windows Phone 7 application development : building Windows Phone applications using Silverlight and XNA
Computer networking : a top-down approach
Wireless vital signs monitoring system for ubiquitous healthcare with practical tests and reliability analysis
The mobile revolution : the making of mobile services worldwide
Wireless impact force measuring system based on acceleration
Branded entertainment : discovering the possibilities in mobile media
Equalization of MIMO channels in LTE-Advanced
Wireless sensor system for monitoring and control
Proceedings of the WWRF Kick-Off Meeting, München, Germany, March 6 - 7,2001
Wireless personal communications systems
Evolving technologies for a variety of human practices
Mobile learning for instructional purpose in Nigeria : an exploratory analysis
Utilization of mobile alerting system : understanding factors that influence user acceptance
Software and hardware design of a miniaturized mobile autonomous robot, operating in a wireless sensor network
Acceptance Theory on Mobile Services and Applications
Concentrated signal extraction using consecutive mean excision algorithms
Telecommunications
Convergence of packet communications over the evolved mobile networks; signal processing and protocol performance
Thumb culture : the meaning of mobile phones for society
Simulation and analysis of vehicular ad-hoc networks in urban and rural areas
A validation study of the home sleep monitoring device Beddit Sleep Tracker
Comparative study of cryptographic algorithms in bluetooth ZigBee Wi-Fi and LTE
Effects of personal traits on Generation Y consumers' attitudes toward the use of mobile devices for communication and commerce
Advancement in sensing technology : new developments and practical applications
Wireless health monitoring system : (Vital Transmitter)
Wireless sensor network integration with frequency converter by using multi-hop protocol
This book provides an overview of technologies to maximize the quality of user experience for mobile, data-centric applications. Chapters cover techniques mobile network operators can use to maximize the effectiveness of congested networks, techniques that mobile application developers can use to minimize the impact of congested networks on user experience, and techniques that websites and data center operators can use to support a growing number of mobile users. With no technical jargon and a practical approach, this book offers a useful resource for a wide range of mobile network developers.
Wireless Building Automation in Finland
Mobile CRM in industrial firms : salespeople's intention to adopt mobile solutions
Wireless last mile: WLAN-nets, Flash-OFDM and WiMax
PCI interface for a wireless local area network demonstrator
On upgrading the mobile Internet to the next generation Internet Protocol
LDAP metadirectory provisioning methodology : a step by step method to implementing LDAP based metadirectory provisioning & identity management systems
Energy efficiency in wireless networks
Scheduling and admission control in opportunistic systems
Wireless charging effects on audio integration in mobile devices
Future wireless systems will require high data rate with low transmit and processing power consumption. A combination of multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) transmission with orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) is a promising approach for offering better performance in terms of the capacity and quality of service (QoS). The detector in the wireless receiver is one of the highest power consuming parts. In order to minimize the power consumption, it is desirable for the detector to be able to change the detection algorithm to suit the channel conditions.In this thesis work, we study the suitability of different MIMO detection algorithms for adaptive operation. The selective spanning with fast enumeration (SSFE), K-best list sphere detector (LSD), linear minimum mean square error (LMMSE), and successive interference cancellation (SIC) detectors are compared to each other in terms of communications performance in the 4 × 4 and 8 × 8 MIMO–OFDM systems. The impact of least squares (LS) and minimum mean square error (MMSE) channel estimation methods, mobile speed, and transmit precoding at the base station on detector algorithm selection is also considered. The SIC detector is shown to suffer from error propagation in poor channel conditions. The SSFE detector is unable to outperform the K-best LSD and is occasionally outperformed by the LMMSE detector. The LMMSE detector is able to outperform the K-best LSD on the low signal-to-noise (SNR) regime when the mobile speed is high and the spatial channel correlation is low or moderate; it is also found to be more robust against channel estimation errors. Because a realistic adaptive detector is expected to support only two detection algorithms, the K-best LSD and LMMSE are selected based on the performance results for application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) architecture design and further comparison.The chosen algorithms are evaluated by considering the performance and implementation results. The K-best LSD provides good performance under challenging channel conditions with the cost of high complexity and power consumption. The LMMSE detector is energy efficient but performs poorly in correlated channels. However, exceptions exist, and detailed results on when to use a simple detector and when to use a complex detector are provided.
Softswitch design and performance analysis
Wireless data logger : a joint use of frequency converter and wireless sensor network
Analyzing performance of mobile MIMO-OFDM wireless systems :tools and results
Utilizing context in location-aware short-range wireless communication
Characterization and design methodologies for wearable passive UHF RFID tag antennas for wireless body-centric systems
Analysis on MIMO relaying scenarios in wireless communication systems
Mobile learning : structures, agency, practices
Bandwidth enhanced antennas for mobile terminals and multilayer ceramic packages
LTE-advanced : technology and performance analysis
Topology control multi-objective optimisation in wireless sensor networks : connectivity-based range assignment and node deployment
Testing telemedicine performance and usability in 3G
BlackBerry for work : productivity for professionals
Handover performance in IEEE 802.16 mobile networks
Techniques for surviving mobile data explosion
Quality of service and application-level adaptation in a wireless ATM environment
Application and promotion of wireless charging technology
Abstract: In this thesis the wireless sensor network feasibility of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller will be analysed. Due to the fast evolving field of embedded wireless applications, this project was initiated by the Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Science in order to provide a platform for future projects. The main part of this thesis will discuss the the nRFgo software development kit and the hardware hardware of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller. Tools that have been used are an integrated development environment provided by the Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences and a C language compiler named SDCC. As a result, this study has deepened the understanding of the hardware and the nRFgo software development kit and their capabilities. The microcontroller has some excellent characteristics that makes it an interesting object in order to build wireless sensor networks. The system on a chip architecure makes it a meaningful tool for sensing and communication. This thesis gives an introduction into wirless sensor networks and the properties of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller with a build in radio frequncy unit, demonstrating the capabilities of this promissing system on a chip microcontroller and enabling further research in the field of wireless embedded networking and wireless sensor networks for the Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences.
Design, analysis and simulations of medium access control protocols for high and low data rate applications
Software development for mobile devices : iPhone OS vs. Maemo
Opportunistic packet scheduling algorithms for beyond 3G wireless networks
Portability of Qt applications in the mobile environment
Barriers to the use of mobile  sales force automation system : a salesperson's perspective
Building automation system with EnOcean wireless technology
Abstracting application development for resource constrained wireless sensor networks
Handover analysis over mobile WiMAX technology : case study: network performance and parameters evaluation using OPNET simulator
Mobility management in heterogeneous IP-networks
"My socioworld" : an optimized application for mobile social networking
Equalization and channel estimation algorithms and implementations for cellular MIMO-OFDM downlink
WiMAX network planning
Intelligent Linux-Based Access Point
Laptops simplified
The core of this thesis project is the comparison of the iPhone and the Maemo Software Development Kits (SDK). As a secondary objective, two sample applications for mobile devices are created. The various aspects of the SDKs are described and evaluated, ranging from the hardware and software requirements to the available programming languages, to the availability of support resources and to the operating system and hardware specifications of two exemplary devices (iPhone 3GS and Nokia N900). As an outcome, a list of differences and similarities between the SDKs is presented. The installation process of the iPhone and the Maemo SDK is described and depicted. As a result, a working iPhone SDK, including the Xcode Integrated Development Environment (IDE), is available on a compatible Apple computer. Likewise, the Maemo SDK will be installed and available for production on a Linux-based PC. Two different installation paths are demonstrated for the Maemo SDK, one making use of virtualization software. Putting the SDKs to use and implementing a small sample application is the last part of the thesis project. The applications have similar functionality on both platforms and display the user's location in terms of coordinates. The application development process is presented as a brief summary and the source code for the applications is appended.
Ontology of technology : mobile technology in the Kathmandu valley
Energy consumption in wireless sensor networks : measuring energy consumption and lifetime
Abstract: Mobile telecommunication evolution : from 3G towards 4G networks.
Greenhouse monitoring with Wireless Sensor Network
Stress monitoring via wearable electrodermal sensors
The purpose of this thesis was to study potential problems for audio components caused by wireless charging. Audio components included in this thesis are IHF speakers, earpieces and vibras. Based on expectations three different potential problems were studied: interference voltages, inductive heating and magnetization. Measurements were made for worst case situations and with an existing Lumia 820 prototype. Worst case measurements were made in order to find out if problems are expected in future projects and measurements with an existing prototype were made in order to confirm that this product can be launched without worries of problems. Worst case interference voltage measurements revealed significant voltage levels for all components and based on this a design guideline for future projects with wireless charging was formed. Significantly smaller voltage levels were measured with an existing prototype and thus the product can be launched without worries of problems. Inductive heating measurements were made with a modified wireless charging pad and significant heating was measured for all components. Three different methods for compensating inductive heating were found during studies and they were submitted for Nokia patenting process. Unfortunately the patenting process is still on-going while writing this thesis and the found inventions had to excluded from the public version of this thesis. Magnetization caused by wireless charging was studied by measuring the performance of IHF speakers before and after they were put into the magnetic field generated by wireless charging. No performance changes were found during these measurements and therefore problems are not expected. Studies show that problems will not occur in all mobile device projects but are still possible in some cases. Results found in this thesis can be applied for all future projects in order to prevent problems and offer solutions forfound problems in any stage of a project.
Heterogeneous networks using mobile-IP technology
Spectrum sensing techniques in cognitive radio : cyclostationary method
IMPLEMENTATION OF WIRELESS HART TECHNOLOGY FOR LIQUID LEVEL CONTROL AND MONITORING
Study for Improvements in Bts Research and Development Processes
Intelligent medium access control for the future wireless networks
Development and evaluation of the location-aware platform : main characteristics in adaptable location-aware systems
Wireless transmission for loaders in a thermal processing plant
Strategic technology management of Nokia Corporation 2003-2013 : faulty choices and the collapse of the handset business
Power allocation algorithm for MIMO based Multi-hop co-operative sensor network
Enhanced communication security and mobility management in small-cell networks
Analysis of OFDMA resource allocation with limited feedback
Media access control and time synchronization in delay-sensitive multi-channel wireless sensor networks
BlackBerry Pearl 3G for dummies
Gain analysis in wireless broadcast systems
Wireless charging integration for mobile devices
Teaching generation text : using cell phones to enhance learning
LDAP directories explained : an introduction and analysis
Principles of wireless sensor networks
Designing a wireless counter for bale production
Content delivery networks
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Energy harvesting solution for the UWASA Node : applications for wind turbine monitoring
Cross layer optimization for signal reliability in wireless sensor networks
Software quality : software and systems quality in distributed and mobile environments : 7th international conference, SWQD 2015 Vienna, Austria, January 20-23, 2015 proceedings
Identity management for web-enabled smart card platform
Empowering mobile art practice : a recontextualization of mobile and ubiquitous computing
Camera integration to wireless sensor node
Detection algorithms and ASIC designs for MIMO-OFDM downlink receivers
RFID Systems and Applications in Positioning
Design of a user interface for a social billiards application for mobile operating systems
Marketing wireless products
Professional Mobile Web Development with WordPress, Joomla! and Drupal
Security-centric analysis and performance investigation of IEEE 802.16 WiMAX
Abstract.
Scan me : everybody's guide to the magical world of QR codes : barcodes, mobile devices and hyperlinking the real to the virtual
Classification of mobile micromovies
Summary
Ergodic capacity and effective capacity of spectrum sharing cognitive radio with MRC over Nakagami fading : a comparative analysis
The purpose of the thesis was to find out what parameters have an effect on the efficiency of the wireless charging based on the Qi standard from the Wireless Power Consortium. Based on these findings, it was pondered what things needs be taken into account in terms of the efficiency when wireless charging is integrated in to a mobile device. The study consisted of getting acquainted with the electromagnetic induction, the Qi standard and other important topics that are part of every wireless power transfer system. Measurements with different materials and with varying mobile device positions on the wireless charging pad were also done. The coupling factor which depends on the alignment of the coils is a key factor for good efficiency. An inferior coupling can still be slightly compensated by making the power receiver better with high quality factor coils. Shielding the mobile device properly to ensure high efficiency power transfer with every power transmitter design in the Qi standard is also important. The measurements provided data on how the efficiency changes when the alignment of the coils becomes worse. The ferrite sheet measurements also provided possible solutions worth considering for future projects.
WiMAX physical layer : analysis and simulation
Wireless control system simulation and network adaptive control
Testing IEEE 802.16a-based WiMAX network in urban environment
Personal machine-to-machine (M2M) healthcare system with mobile device in global networks
Main trends in mHealth use scenarios
Investigation and analysis of present situation and future prospect of information and communication technology to develop agriculture in Nepal
Contributions to analysis and mitigation of cochannel interference in cellular wireless networks
They call it “surfing” for a reason : identifying mobile Internet needs through PC deprivation
New research on mobile robots
Interacting with Broadband Society
Filter bank techniques for the physical layer in wireless communications
Breadth-first search for ZigBee topology
Web control system of mobile platform : part of the “Roboteh” project
Large-scale high-performance video surveillance
Handbook of position location : theory, practice and advances
Multipoint transmission scheme for HSDPA
Research about wireless sensor network feasibility of the nRF24LE1D microcontroller
Mobile evolution : insights on connectivity and service
Focuses on mobile learning. This book explores issues around cultural transformation and rationales for the use of mobile technologies in formal education. It examines examples of the use of mobile technologies in school-related learning in relation to the themes of cultural transformation and technological innovation.
Mobile technologies for conflict management : online dispute resolution, governance, participation
The mobile audience : media art and mobile technologies
Mobility control in wireless sensor network : a simulation case study
WiMAX link performance analysis for wireless automation applications
Implementing Cisco unified wireless services
Cross-layer assisted TCP algorithms for vertical handoff
