http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23002 mathematical skills
mathematical skills
Kaplan new GRE 2011-2012 : strategies, practice, and review : fully updated for the 2011 GRE exam test changes
Improve your numerical reasoning
Mathematics through play in the early years
How humans learn to think mathematically : exploring the three worlds of mathematics
The official SAT study guide
How not to be wrong : the hidden maths of everyday life
Numerical magnitude representation in developmental dyscalculia : : behavioural and brain imaging studies
Mathematical misconceptions : a guide for primary teachers
Relations between teacher-child interactions and children's learning and motivation in Finnish kindergartens
GMAT® 800 advanced prep for advanced students
Calculation and language : diagnostic and intervention studies
Creativity in mathematics and the education of gifted students
Developmental cognitive science goes to school
Making mathematics come to life : a guide for teachers and students
Principles of communications : systems, modulation, and noise
Literacy skills, mathematical skills and educational expectations among Finnish adolescents
Cracking the new GMAT with DVD : 2013 edition
Issues in teaching numeracy in primary schools
Early mathematics interventions: supporting young children with low performance in mathematics
A primer for mathematics competitions
The official guide for GMAT® review
"Mathematics plays an important part in every person's life, so why isn't everyone good at it? The Routledge International Handbook of Dyscalculia and Mathematical Learning Difficulties brings together commissioned pieces by a range of hand-picked influential, international authors from a variety of disciplines, all of whom share a high public profile. More than fifty experts write about mathematics learning difficulties and disabilities from a range of perspectives and answer questions such as: What are mathematics learning difficulties and disabilities? What are the key skills and concepts for learning mathematics? How will IT help, now and in the future? What is the role of language and vocabulary? How should we teach mathematics? By posing notoriously difficult questions such as these and studying the answers The Routledge International Handbook of Dyscalculia and Mathematical Learning Difficulties is the authoritative volume and is essential reading for academics in the field of mathematics. It is an incredibly important contribution to the study of dyscalculia and mathematical difficulties in children and young adults"--
Investigating RightStart Mathematics Kindergarten instruction in Finland
Behavioral inhibition as moderator of the relation between parenting and academic skill development in first grade -students
Mathematics under the microscope : notes on cognitive aspects of mathematical practice
Response to computer-assisted intervention in children most at risk for mathematics difficulties
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Developmental disorders of language learning and cognition
Tracking adult literacy and numeracy skills : findings from longitudinal research
Early mathematics interventions : supporting young children with low performance in mathematics
The Routledge international handbook of dyscalculia and mathematical learning difficulties
Working memory and academic learning : assessment and intervention
Mathematics
This comprehensive study guide helps students prepare for the new SAT by providing eight full-length practice tests, a complete walk-through of the new writing section, hundreds of practice questions, and more.
Handbook of mathematical cognition
Spontaneous focusing on numerosity in the development of early mathematical skills
Just-in-time math for engineers
Numerical magnitude representation in developmental dyscalculia : behavioural and brain imaging studies
Different learners - different math? : proceedings of the 4th Nordic research conference on special needs education in mathematics
Mathematical cognition
Visuospatial working memory in adolescents with poor performance in mathematics : variation depending on reading skills
Spontaneous focusing on quantitative relations and the development of rational number conceptual knowledge
Offers tips and advice for taking the new Graduate Record Examination, including subject reviews, a diagnostic exams, two full-length practice texts, test-taking strategies, and sample questions and answers.
Some factors underlying mathematical performance : the role of visuospatial working memory and non-verbal intelligence
Contemporary debates in childhood education and development
Parental involvement and children's academic skills
Achievement goals, achievement behaviours, and skill development in the school and home context : their antecedents and correlates
Barron's new GRE Graduate Record Examination
A lifetime of puzzles : a collection of puzzles in honor of Martin Gardner's 90th birthday
Mathematical tasks in classrooms around the world
Success of third-grade students in solving different types of mathematics problems in Estonian-speaking and Russian-speaking schools
Dude, can you count? : stories, challenges, and adventures in mathematics
Children's fractional knowledge
Offers strategies and techniques to help maximize performance, and includes two full-length practice tests.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
The dyscalculia assessment
Does practice make perfect? : a study of the Granger-causal relationship between attempting to solve online exercises and mathematical proficiency
Mathematical literacy : developing identities of inclusion
Chambers adult learners' guide to numeracy: improve your number skills
Assessing mathematical proficiency
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Essential calculation skills for nurses, midwives and healthcare practitioners
Improving mathematics at work : the need for techno-mathematical literacies
Conceptual and procedural knowledge of mathematical functions
The role of classroom interactional quality and teaching practices in the development of children's academic skills and motivation - findings from the first steps study
Practice tests for numerical reasoning : intermediate level : succeed at psychometric testing
Does it pay to practice : a quasi-experimental study on working memory training and its effects on reading and basic number skills
Assessment discourses in mathematics classrooms : a multimodal social semiotic study
Mental rotation and mental folding in 7- and 8-year-old children
Handbook of international research in mathematics education
Mathematics methods for elementary and middle school teachers
This timely book provides a detailed and comprehensive overview of the teaching and learning of numeracy in primary schools. It will be particularly helpful to those involved in the implementation of the National Numeracy Strategy.
Pisa06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Quo vadis, haridus mitmekultuurilises ühiskonnas? = Quo vadis education in a multicultural society? : artiklite kogumik
Key competences for lifelong learning : European reference framework
Maths-specific performance goals, interest and self-concept, and their relationship to previous task-avoidant behaviour and math skills
Parental involvement and children ́s academic skills
Verbal and academic skills in children with type 1 diabetes
This book examines the mathematical difficulties in typical and atypical populations. It discusses the behavioral, educational and neuropsychological characteristics of people with mathematical difficulties, and educational interventions to prevent, diagnose, treat or ameliorate such difficulties. The book brings together studies from different disciplines, including developmental psychology, neuroscience and education, and includes perspectives from practicing teachers. The book is divided into three major sections. The first includes chapters about the nature and characteristics of mathematical difficulties in the population as a whole, in relation to both psychology and education. The second deals with mathematical difficulties in children with other problems such as specific language impairment and dyslexia. The third discusses methods of interventions aimed at preventing, treating or ameliorating mathematical difficulties, and will include discussions of assessment and diagnosis.
A focus on fractions : bringing research to the classroom
Can we predict mathematical disabilities from abilities in kindergarten
Mathematical difficulties : psychology and intervention
Social competence and loneliness during the school years : issues in assessment, interrelations and intergenerational transmission
How good is your IQ?
Developing number sense through imagery : an intuitive approach for children
"'Kaplan GMAT Premier offers you 3 ways to study: The book: New! Information on the 2012 changes to the GMAT, 1 practice test, detailed answer explanations, proven score-raising strategies, chapter-end practice questions, and advice for your business school applications. The Online Companion includes diagnostic quiz, 5 computer-adaptive tests, 15 video mini-lessons, more practice. The CD includes 4 computer-adaptive tests,18 practice sets."--P. [4] of cover.
Timss and pirls 2011 : relationships among reading, mathematics, and science achievement at the fourth grade - implications for early learning
Problem solving, reasoning and numeracy in the early years foundation stage
Pisa 06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
