http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23066 justification
justification
The ethics of war in Asian civilizations : a comparative perspective
Military chaplaincy in contention : chaplains, churches, and the morality of conflict
The psychology of justice and legitimacy
Jihad and just war in the war on terror
On reflection
"Governing requires choices, and hence trade-offs between conflicting goals or criteria. This book asserts that legitimate governance requires explanations for such trade-offs and then demonstrates that such explanations can always be found, though not for every possible choice. In so doing, John W. Patty and Elizabeth Maggie Penn use the tools of social choice theory to provide a new and discriminating theory of legitimacy. In contrast with both earlier critics and defenders of social choice theory, Patty and Penn argue that the classic impossibility theorems of Arrow, Gibbard, and Satterthwaite are inescapably relevant to, and indeed justify, democratic institutions. Specifically, these institutions exist to do more than simply make policy - through their procedures and proceedings, these institutions make sense of the trade-offs required when controversial policy decisions must be made"--
The foetal condition: a sociology of engendering and abortion
In technology we trust : moral justifications in the climate change disputes in the United States
Worlds of truth : a philosophy of knowledge
Knowledge in an uncertain world
"This book explores how issues of ethics in war and warfare have been treated by major ethical traditions of Asia. It looks at six different Asian religious, philosophical and political traditions: Islam, Judaism, Hinduism, Buddhism, China and Japan; and it is organized in three parts according to geography: West Asia, South Asia and East Asia." "While chapters are written by specialists in Asian cultures, some of the conceptual apparatus is drawn from the scholarly discourse on just war developed in the study of the ethical tradition of Christianity. These concepts provide the necessary focus and makes comparison across cultural boundaries possible. As a study of the comparative ethics of war, this book opens a discussion about whether there are universal standards in the ideologies of warfare between the major religious traditions of the world. The concept of just war is at the core of the argument. This new approach opens a new field of research on war and ideology."--Jacket.
Rising up and rising down : some thoughts on violence, freedom and urgent means
Beyond just war : a virtue ethics approach
Mistakes were made (but not by me) : why we justify foolish beliefs, bad decisions, and hurtful acts
'There is no difference between Moses and Kony' : a critical analysis of the contextual use of some Old Testament texts and motifs in the early years of the Lord's Resistance Army
Reasons for belief
Epistemology as theology : an evaluation of Alvin Plantinga's religious epistemology
In defence of war
Looking at violence through the prism of ethics and honestly addressing both its value and waste, this is the author's meditation on the age-old conundrum: when is violence justified? It was nominated for the US National Book Critic's Circle Award.
Richelieu and reason of state
Rejecting rights
The articulation of power in medieval Iberia and the Maghrib
The problem of the relationship between moral principles and political necessity, of the purposes of power and the justice of means, has always been a central theme in European history. The ministry of Cardinal Richelieu is a focal point for the problem because it existed during a time when the continuing strength of religiously based political ideas and the growth of the modern state converged. In this major study William F. Church examines Richelieu's policies, his efforts to justify them, and the extensive debates they occasioned. His conclusion, contrary to that of many earlier historians, is that the underlying ideology of the Cardinal's policies was strongly religious and opened the way to secularized reason of state to a very limited degree.
The wars of the Romans : a critical edition and translation of De armis Romanis
Securitization and the Iraq war : the rules of engagement in world politics
Accountability and democracy : the pitfalls and promise of popular control
Legitimation process of development policy in Ghanaian economic growth
Justification without awareness : a defense of epistemic externalism
Evidentialism and epistemic justification
William James on ethics and faith
The justification for nudity
Public memory, public media, and the politics of justice
The purpose of intervention : changing beliefs about the use of force
On justification : economies of worth
Intuition
The justification of Europe : a political theory of supranational integration
Ethics and war : an introduction
Justification and the truth-connection
The origin and principles of the American Revolution, compared with the origin and principles of the French Revolution
Justification
Critical approaches to global organizational restructuring : discursive struggles over legitimation and resistance
Kant on practical justification : interpretative essays
Abstract in English.
The choice of war : the Iraq War and the just war tradition
The other's war : recognition and the violence of ethics
Mistakes were made (but not by me) : why we justify foolish beliefs, bad decisions and hurtful acts
States of violence : war, capital punishment, and letting die
Justice through violence? : ethical criteria for the legitimate use of force
Augustinian just war theory and the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq : confessions, contentions, and the lust for power
The ethics and politics of humanitarian intervention
Moral dilemmas of modern war : torture, assassination, and blackmail in an age of asymmetric conflict
Pacifism is popular. Many hold that war is unnecessary, since peaceful means of resolving conflict are always available, if only we had the will to look for them. Or they believe that war is wicked, essentially involving hatred of the enemy and carelessness of human life. Or they posit the absolute right of innocent individuals not to be deliberately killed, making it impossible to justify war in practice. Peace, however, is not simple. Peace for some can leave others at peace to perpetrate mass atrocity. What was peace for the West in 1994 was not peace for the Tutsis of Rwanda. Therefore, against the virus of wishful thinking, anti-military caricature, and the domination of moral deliberation by rights-talk In Defence of War asserts that belligerency can be morally justified, even though tragic and morally flawed. Recovering the Christian tradition of reflection running from Augustine to Grotius, this book affirms aggressive war in punishment of grave injustice. Morally realistic in adhering to universal moral principles, it recognises that morality can trump legality, justifying military intervention even in transgression of positive international law-as in the case of Kosovo. Less cynical and more empirically realistic about human nature than Hobbes, it holds that nations desire to be morally virtuous and right, and not only to be safe and fat. And aspiring to practical realism, it argues that love and the doctrine of double effect can survive combat; and that the constraints of proportionality, while real, are nevertheless sufficiently permissive to encompass Britain's belligerency in 1914-18. Finally, in a painstaking analysis of the Iraq invasion of 2003, In Defence of War culminates in an account of how the various criteria of just war should be thought together. It also concludes that, all things considered, the invasion was justified.
Virtually all philosophers agree that for a belief to be epistemically justified, it must satisfy certain conditions. Perhaps it must be supported by evidence. Or perhaps it must be reliably formed. Or perhaps there are some other 'good-making' features it must have. But does a belief's justification also require some sort of awareness of its good-making features? The answer to this question has been hotly contested in contemporary epistemology, creating a deep divide among its practitioners. Internalists insist that such awareness is required for justification whereas externalists insist that it isn't. The first part of Michael Bergmann's book argues that internalism faces an inescapable dilemma: either it leads to vicious regress problems and, ultimately, radical skepticism, or it is entirely unmotivated. The second part of the book begins by developing the author's own externalist theory of justification, one imposing both a proper function and a no-defeater requirement. Bergmann concludes by demonstrating the failure of two prominent critiques of externalism, namely, that it is infected with epistemic circularity and that it cannot respond adequately to skepticism.Together, the two parts of the book provide a decisive refutation of internalism and a sustained defense of externalism. Moreover, they do so while placing a high priority on making the author's opponents feel that their positions and objections are understood.
The moral target : aiming at right conduct in war and other conflicts
Justice and justification : reflective equilibrium in theory and practice
Political rhetoric and justification in Northern Ireland : Sinn Féin and the Democratic Unionist Party
An introduction to the theory of knowledge
Justification of migration, return migration and settlement : cases of foreign European students in Finland
"What are the ethical principles underpinning the idea of a just war and how should they be adapted to changing social and military circumstances? In this book, Steven P. Lee presents the basic principles of just war theory, showing how they evolved historically and how they are applied today in global relations. He examines the role of state sovereignty and individual human rights in the moral foundations of just war theory and discusses a wide range of topics including humanitarian intervention, preventive war, the moral status of civilians and enemy combatants, civil war and terrorism. He shows how just war theory relates to both pacifism and realism. Finally, he considers the future of war and the prospects for its obsolescence. His clear and wide-ranging discussion, richly illustrated with examples, will be invaluable for students and other readers interested in the ethical challenges posed by the changing nature of war"--
Environmental ethics
Democratic authority : a philosophical framework
What is worthy in climate politics? : justifying moral claims in the french media and civil society
Whose land is Lapland? : the nellim case : a study of the divergent claims of forestry, reindeer herding and indigenous rights in Northern Finland
Social choice and legitimacy : the possibilities of impossibility
Chaplaincy highlights the need for faith and society to re-engage with vital moral questions. Military chaplains continue to operate within the dynamic tension between faith communities, the armed services and society, offering a distinct moral presence and contribution. Drawing the reader into the world of the military chaplain, this book explores insights into the complex moral issues that arise in combat (especially in Afghanistan), and in everyday military life, These include the the increasing significance of the Law of Armed Conflict and the moral significance of drones. Through the unique chaplain's eye view of the significance of their experience for understanding the ethics of war, this book offers clearer understanding of chaplaincy in the context of the changing nature of international conflict (shaped around insurgency and non-state forces) and explores the response of faith communities to the role of the armed services. It makes the case for relocating understandings of just war within a theological framework and for a clear understanding of the relationship between the mission of chaplaincy and that of the military.
The legacies of two world wars : European societies in the twentieth century
