http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23025 phonological awareness
phonological awareness
Experience, variation and generalization : learning a first language
Research methods in child language : a practical guide
Persisting speech difficulties in children
Where do phonological features come from? : cognitive, physical and developmental bases of distinctive speech categories
Why we talk : the evolutionary origins of language
The Cambridge handbook of child language
Patterns in child phonology
Literacy skills of Kiswahili speaking children in rural Tanzania : the role of home environment
Understanding phonics and the teaching of reading : critical perspectives
"This Handbook aims to provide an overview of current theoretical approaches and research in a range of topics related to child language. The field is multidimensional, as illustrated by the many courses on child language or language acquisition that are taught in departments of Linguistics, Psychology, Cognitive Science, Speech Pathology, Education and Anthropology. This cross disciplinary nature of the field is reflected in this Handbook, which is aimed at upper-level undergraduate students and beyond. Graduate students and researchers will find the chapters invaluable. Clinicians also will find some of the chapters of interest. In this introductory chapter we present a general overview of the field and some of the recent developments. In section 1.4 we discuss the organization of this volume and provide an overview of each chapter"--
Early prediction of reading : phonological awareness and related language and cognitive skills in children with a familial risk for dyslexia
The Cambridge handbook of phonology
GraphoGame Method: The Theoretical and Methodological Background of the Technology-Enhanced Learning Environment for Learning to Read
Contemporary debates in childhood education and development
Phonological awareness and foreign language learning
A phonological and tonal analysis of Samue using optimality theory
"The best survey of the subject available, The Cambridge Handbook of Child Language brings together the world's foremost researchers to provide a one-stop resource for the study of language acquisition and development. Grouped into five thematic sections, the handbook is organized by topic, making it easier for students and researchers to use when looking up specific in-depth information. It covers a wider range of subjects than any other handbook on the market, with chapters covering both theories and methods in child language research and tracing the development of language from prelinguistic infancy to teenager. Drawing on both established and more recent research, the Handbook surveys the crosslinguistic study of language acquisition; prelinguistic development; bilingualism; sign languages; specific language impairment, language and autism, Down syndrome and Williams syndrome. This book will be an essential reference for students and researchers working in linguistics, psychology, cognitive science, speech pathology, education and anthropology"--
Brain responses to speech sounds in infants and children with and without familial risk for dyslexia
Modeling the early paths of phonological awareness and factors suopporting its development in children with and without familiar risk of dyslexia
Perception and learning of Finnish quantity : study in children with reading disabilities and familial risk for dyslexia and Russian second-language learners
Language and literacy development : what educators need to know
Assessment of 3,5-year old's emerging phonological awareness in a computer-animation context
The acquisition of L2 phonology
Towards fluent reading : from reading assessment to evidence-based interventions.
Reading, spelling and silent speech : exploring literacy in children with severe speech and physical impairment
Pathways to reading acquisition : effects of early skills, learning environment and familial risk for dyslexia
This paper provides an overview of the GraphoGame method. Both theoretical and methodological aspects related to the method are presented. The method's guiding principles are based on the prevailing theories and experimental research findings on learning and teaching basic reading skills in alphabetic languages, especially from the point of view of a struggling reader. Because the nature of the target language and its relation to its writing system play central roles in the GraphoGame method, this approach requires the method to be flexible in order to be valid for learners of different languages and orthographies. Thus, the aim of the developed technology is to provide an appropriate reading support tool for all learners—from struggling learners to typical learners—in any language environment. We present an overview of results gained from GraphoGame intervention studies as well as challenges for the usability of the method.
The handbook of phonological theory
