http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2306 accumulators
accumulators batteries
Walt Disney's comics and stories
Lithium-ion batteries hazard and use assessment
Eicoon Workshop and Summer School : Nanomaterial issues in electrochemical energy conversion: fuel cells, batteries, supercapacitors : June 13-17, 2011, Technopolis Innopoli 1, Tekniikantie 12, Espoo, Finland
Reducing energy consumption of reach truck utilizing hydraulic energy recovery systems
Vehicle-to-grid : linking electric vehicles to the smart grid
The development of a new system for charging forklift batteries
Handbook of batteries
Lithium ion rechargeable batteries : materials, technology, and applications
Towards energy efficient multimedia streaming to mobile devices
Hybrid and alternative fuel vehicles
Battery performance at high power applications
Lithium batteries : science and technology
Production test of multiple output power supply unit
Linden's handbook of batteries
Redox reactions in deep eutectic solvents : characterisation and application
Energy storage in electric drive system
Electric-drive battery pack system : functional guidelines
A comprehensive study on lithium polymer batteries emphasizing the solid polymer electrolyte
Greening the lead acid battery sector : structure, problems and needs : a report
Wind and solar power systems : design, analysis, and operation
Lithium batteries and other electrochemical storage systems
Advanced batteries : materials science aspects
Industrial applications of batteries : from cars to aerospace and energy storage
Microgrids and DER in community planning : practices, permits, and profitability
The role of the chemist in automotive design
Surface vehicle recommended practice. SAE J1797, Recommended practice for packaging of electric vehicle battery modules
Nickel-hydrogen batteries : principles and practice
Bottled lightning : superbatteries, electric cars, and the new lithium economy
The hydraulic trainer. Volume 3, Planning and design of hydraulic power systems : a training manual for the planning and design of hydraulic power systems
The increasing energy consumption of smart devices sets greater demands on traditional Li-Ion batteries. As the number of charge-discharge cycles is deemed to increase, monitoring battery capacity becomes of greater importance. The aim of this thesis was to contemplate how battery measurement and monitoring methods could be improved. Special areas of focus included precision development, as well as the evaluation of the suitability and practicality of monitoring methods for smart device use. The theoretical basis extended to battery monitoring related factors inherent in Li-Ion batteries. The prevailing Nokia Symbian device level performance served as the starting point. Through empirical measurements the present state was examined with an automatic testing system created for the purpose. In comparison, a selection of commercial off-the-shelf battery monitoring systems was measured. Vendors of these commercial solutions claimed superior performance and straightforward integration feasibility. High precision was claimed to be attainable only through careful battery characterization. Supporting results were found for the significance claim of battery characterization. Therefore, battery characterization requirements were further studied to accelerate the productization process. The company R&D component quality system was considered in the preparation of the technical results of this thesis. The normative study followed roughly the selected guidelines of ISO 15288:2002 Systems Engineering - System Life Cycle Processes.
Principles and applications of lithium secondary batteries
Modern diesel technology : electricity and electronics
Joint multiuser power allocation and iterative multi-antenna receiver design
Elecric vehicle conversion : battery, recharging and energy system for a Toyota Yaris
Power management in mobile devices
Batteries for portable devices
Walt Disney's Donald Duck adventures : the Barks/Rosa collection. Volume 2
Batteries and electrical systems
Walt Disney's Donald Duck adventures
Lightweight electric/hybrid vehicle design
Walt Disney's comics and stories by Carl Barks
Energy efficiency is a powerful measure for promoting sustainability in technological evolution and ensuring feasible battery life of end-user devices in mobile computing. Peer-to-peer technology provides decentralized and self-organizing architecture for distributing content between devices in networks that scale up almost infinitely. However, peer-to-peer networking may require lots of resources from peer nodes, which in turn may lead to increased energy consumption on mobile devices. For this reason, peer-to-peer networking has so far been considered unfeasible for mobile environment. This thesis makes several contributions towards enabling energy-aware peer-to-peer networking in mobile environments. First, an empirical study is conducted to understand the energy consumption characteristics of radio interfaces and typical composition of traffic in structured peer-to-peer networks. This is done in order to identify the most essential obstacles for utilizing peer-to-peer technology in mobile environments. Second, the e-Aware model for estimating the energy consumption of a mobile device is developed and empirically verified to achieve 3-21% error in comparison to real-life measurements. Third, the e-Mon model for the energy-aware load monitoring of peer nodes is developed and demonstrated to improve the battery life of mobile peer nodes up to 470%. Fourth, the ADHT concept of mobile agent based virtual peers is proposed for sharing the peer responsibilities between peer nodes in a subnet so that they can participate in a peer-to-peer overlay without compromising their battery life.The results give valuable insight into implementing energy-efficient peer-to-peer systems in mobile environments. The e-Aware energy consumption model accelerates the development of energy-efficient networking solutions by reducing the need for time-consuming iterations between system development and evaluations with real-life networks and devices. The e-Mon load monitoring model facilitates the participation of battery-powered devices in peer-to-peer and other distributed networks by enabling energy-aware load balancing where energy-critical mobile nodes carry less load than other nodes. The ADHT facilitates the participation of constrained-capacity wireless devices, such as machine-to-machine nodes, in a peer-to-peer network by allowing them to sleep for most of their time.
Battery management systems for large lithium-ion battery packs
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Batteries
Synchronous switched mode converter
Thermal modelling of commercial lithium-ion batteries
Electric vehicle battery abuse testing
Power electronics desing handbook : low-power components and applications
Electric and hybrid vehicles : power sources, models, sustainability, infrastructure and the market
Electrical safety of island operated low voltage DC network
Automatization of mobile phone battery temperature measurement
Battery technology handbook
Solar charge controller in solar street light
Negative electrode materials for lithium ion batteries
Batteries in a portable world : a handbook on rechargeable batteries for non-engineers
Abstract: Nickel recovery NiMH-batteries.
Advanced secondary batteries: their applications, technological status, market and opportunity
Maintenance-free batteries : based aqueous electrolyte. Lead-acid, nickel/cadmium, nickel/metal hydride. A handbook of battery technology
Lead-acid batteries : science and technology : a handbook of lead-acid battery technology and its influence on the product
Recommended practice for packaging of electric vehicle battery modules
Batteries for electric vehicles : materials and electrochemistry
Lithium-ion batteries : advanced materials and technologies
The battery : how portable power sparked a technological revolution
Life cycle testing of electric vehicle battery modules
Low voltage battery cable
Battery operated devices and systems : from portable electronics to industrial products
The effect of mobile phone's current consumption on battery performance = Matkapuhelimen virrankulutuksen vaikutus akusta saatavaan kapasiteettiin
A study of the evolution of concentration in the manufacture and supply of tyres, sparking plugs, and motor-vehicle accumulators for the United Kingdom : a report prepared for the Diroctcrate-General for Competition of the Commission of the European Communities
In this bachelor thesis, general topics of the battery technology used in the hybrid and the electric vehicles including the battery management system will be discussed. This thesis will go also through general ideas related to the charging system of the electric and the hybrid vehicles including thoughts about the charging infrastructure. As a result of this thesis there are ideas presented, which can be utilized at the same time when the actual conversion of the vehicle will be executed. In this project, the students made a plan how to convert a Toyota Yaris passenger car to an electric vehicle. This kind of a project is the first in our school and therefore all things faced are quite new for project members. I personally spent my last year abroad in Austria in Fachhochschule Joanneum. FH-Joanneum has a wide knowledge about the content of the hybrid and the electric vehicles. FH-Joanneum is a significant university of applied sciences in Europe and it has projects among others within the EU in the field of electric vehicles. Three students got their thesis topics from this project. The other topics which are done are "Initial measurements and sample calculations" by Sami Heikkinen and "Comparison of electric motors and comparison of different controlling systems" by Antti Juutila.  My part of the project was to select and dimension an appropriate battery system for the vehicle. Another target was to make an outline for the recharging and regenerative energy recovery systems for the vehicle. This thesis was carried out under supervision of Markku Ikonen of the home university and Hubert Berger of FH-Joanneum.
Lithium batteries : research, technology, and applications
Electric and hybrid vehicles : design fundamentals
Materials science for engineering students
Vibration testing of electric vehicles batteries
Handbook of battery materials
Electronics for Student Engineers
Rechargeable batteries applications handbook : Gates Energy products
A practical guide to optimising battery usage in electric vehicles, covering materials, electrochemistry, implementation and control.
Battery bar monitoring using motion detection
Low voltage primary cable
Improved methods for Li-ion battery capacity measurement and monitoring in smart devices
Automatic testing procedure for mobile phone's batteries and chargers
Electrochemical Energy Storages of Mobile Work Machines
Electric vehicle battery systems
Battery reference book
Disturbances in battery voltage of mobile phones = Matkapuhelimen akkujännitelinjan häiriöt
Linden's Handbook of batteries
Recommended practice for electric and hybrid electric vehicle battery systems crash integrity testing
Recommended practice for performance rating of electric vehicle battery modules
Energy harvesting technologies
Battery cell modeling for battery management system
Charging and TDMA noise in mobile terminals
Energy-efficient peer-to-peer networking for constrained-capacity mobile environments
Electrode material solutions for large-scale lithium-ion batteries
New Technology and Optimization of Mobile Phone Battery
Lithium-ion batteries : science and technologies
Newnes electrical power engineer's handbook
