http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23051 Napoleonic Wars
Napoleonic Wars
From Valmy to Waterloo : France at war, 1792-1815
History of the expedition to Russia, undertaken by the emperor Napoleon, in the year 1812. Vol. 1
Russia against Napoleon : the battle for Europe, 1807 to 1814
Stopping Napoleon : war and intrigue in the Mediterranean
Clausewitz : his life and work
Napoleon in Egypt : the greatest glory
Britain against Napoleon : the organisation of victory, 1793-1815
Tragedy has struck His Majesty's Aerial Corps, as an epidemic of unknown origin and no known cure is decimating the dragons' ranks. Only Temeraire and a pack of newly recruited dragons remain uninfected and must stand as the only means of airborne defense against France's ever bolder sorties. As Bonaparte's dragons harrow Britain's ships, Temeraire and his captain, Will Laurence, take wing to Africa in search of a cure for the deadly contagion
"Empire of Chance examines the place of war in the history of knowledge. It argues that with the Napoleonic Wars, chance came to be installed as the basic operative principle of history. Attending to a vast array of fields and disciplines -- military theory, literature, philosophy, cartography, mathematics, and pedagogy -- the book charts the momentous shift in the thinking of war that took place around 1800. It examines the efforts to rethink the state of war as a variegated epistemic regime of chance events, contingencies, conjectures, and probabilities, and it tells the story of the inventions devised to handle and manage it. Juxtaposing traditional philosophy and military theory, literature and cartography, war games and historiography, knowledge and poetics, Engberg-Pedersen reveals how the Napoleonic Wars served as a catalyst for the emergence of a worldly thought that turns its attention outward to the flux of the empirical world in order to come to grips with the pervasive disorder of things. War came to be conceived not as an exceptional state, but as a cipher of modernity"--
Sharpe's fury : Richard Sharpe and the battle of Barrosa, March 1811
Wellington : a military life
Inferno
The fall of Napoleon. vol. 1, The allied invasion of France, 1813-1814
Scandinavian armies in the Napoleonic wars
Waterloo : the history of four days, three armies and three battles
Napoleonic army handbook : the British army and her allies
Nelson & Napoleon : exhibition guide : english
Sharpe's enemy : Richard Sharpe and the defense of Portugal, Christmas 1812
Waterloo : the aftermath
Medals of the Russian Empire. 8
Tongues of serpents
Napoleon's wars : an international history, 1803-1815
The Napoleonic Wars
Crucible of gold
With Napoleon in Russia : the illustrated memoirs of Faber du Faur, 1812
Caribbee
The Peninsular War : a new history
The battle of Waterloo : a new history
Ompteda of the king's German legion : a Hanoverian officer on campaign against Napoleon
Napoleon's artillery
Sharpe's sword : Richard Sharpe and the Salamanca Campaign, June and July 1812
Napoleonische Expansionspolitik : Okkupation oder Integration?
All in scarlet uniform
Britain, Portugal and South America in the Napoleonic Wars : Alliances and Diplomacy in Economic Maritime Conflict
In these times : living in Britain through Napoleon's wars, 1793-1815
Napoleon and the Revolution
Blood of tyrants
Sharpe's revenge  : Richard Sharpe and the peace of 1814
Empire of ivory
1812 : Napoleon's fatal march on Moscow
Crushing defeats in Russia (1812) and Germany (1813) caused the collapse of Napoleon's empire and brought his enemies to the Rhine River at the close of 1813. With a depleted and exhausted army, Napoleon attempted to direct the defense of his frontier from the Alps to the North Sea from Paris while he mobilized France. The new Prometheus watched helplessly as his marshals conducted a headlong retreat from the Rhine to the Marne in less than one month. The breakdown of the French command structure and overwhelming Allied superiority placed the French marshals charged with defending the Rhine in an impossible situation. Although Napoleon needed to use their scant forces to make a desperate stand on the Rhine and away from the administrative apparatus that fed his war machine, the marshals believed they had to trade land for time - the exact opposite of what Napoleon needed to maintain his crown.
Napoleon in Egypt : 'the greatest glory'
The fields of death
The tsar's doctor : the life and times of dir James Wylie
Sharpe's battle: Richard Sharpe and the Battle of Fuentes de Oñoro, May 1811
Sharpe's rifles : Richard Sharpe and the French invasion of Galicia, January 1809
Sharpe's honour : Richard Sharpe and the Vitoria campaign February to June, 1813
No other soldier has provoked as much anger or as much fervour as Napoleon Bonaparte. Was he a monster, driven on by an endless, ruinous quest for military adventure - or was he a social and political visionary, brought down by petty reactionaries clinging to their privileges? Charles Esdaile's major new work reframes our understanding of Napoleon. "Napoleon's Wars" looks beyond the insatiable greed for glory to create a new, genuinely international context for Napoleon's career. The battles themselves Esdaile sees as almost side-effects, the consequences of rulers being willing to take the immense risks of fighting or supporting Napoleon - risks that could result in the extinction of entire countries and regimes.
Years of victory 1802-1812
Letters from the Battle of Waterloo : the unpublished correspondence by Allied officers from the Siborne papers
Sharpe's gold : Richard Sharpe and the destruction of Almeida, August 1810
Victory
Napoleon in Russian cultural mythology
Warships of the Napoleonic era
Sharpe's eagle : Richard Sharpe and the Talavera campaign July 1809
Ultimate battles
Black powder war
The Austro-Hungarian army of the Napoleonic wars
Run them ashore
League of dragons
Tactics and the experience of battle in the age of Napoleon
In his major new history of the Russian conflict immortalized by Tolstoy in "War and Peace," Lieven provides an examination of the period from the Russian perspective, demonstrating that Napoleon's defeat in 1812 by the Russian army was just the beginning of what would be the longest military campaign in European history.
Victory of eagles : a novel of Temeraire
The third novel in the series sees new challenges for the men of the 106th Foot, as the British army attempts to recover from the disaster of Corunna and establish a foothold in the Peninsula. Featuring the battles of Medellin and Talavera, the 106th will have their mettle severely tested on the battlefield. But if Napoleon is to be ejected from Spain, war must also be waged in more covert ways. For Hanley, the former artist who is a more natural observer than fighter, the opportunity to become an 'exploring officer' leads him into even more dangerous territory, the murky world of politics and partisans. And while Ensign Williams seeks to uncover the identity of the mysterious 'Heroine of Saragossa', a conspiracy of revenge within the regiment itself threatens to destroy him before he's even faced a shot from the French.
The art of war
Blücher's army 1813-1815
Historical maps of the Napoleonic Wars
Waterloo : a new history of the battle and its armies
Wellington's Peninsular army
Tides of war : [a novel of the Peninsular war]
The Congress of Vienna : origins, processes, and results
Mirage : Napoleon's scientists and the unveiling of Egypt
Whose business is to die
His Majesty's dragon
Napoleon and the World War of 1813 : lessons in coalition warfighting
Temeraire. [1] : [His Majesty's dragon]
Treachery
The Emperor's gold
The campaigns of Napoleon
Sharpe's havoc : Richard Sharpe and the campaign in northern Portugal, spring 1809
Napoleon's Hussars
Empire of chance : the Napoleonic Wars and the disorder of things
The frigates : an account of the lighter warships of the Napoleonic wars 1793-1815
Napoleon and Wellington
The tide watchers : a novel
Send me safely back again
The tongues of serpents
Victory of eagles
Kydd : the admiral's daughter
"This new study of Napoleon emphasizes his ties to the French Revolution, his embodiment of its militancy, and his rescue of its legacies. Jordan's work illuminates all aspects of his fabulous career, his views of the Revolution and history, the artists who created and embellished his image, and much of his talk about himself and his achievements"--
Napoleon's cursed war : Spanish popular resistance in the Peninsular War, 1808-1814
Russia against Napoleon : the true story of the campaigns of War and peace
Sharpe's company : Richard Sharpe and the Siege of Badajoz, January to April 1812
