http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2308 macrame
macrame
Introduction to macrame
The Macramé book
Graded lessons in macramé, knotting and netting
Paracord crafts
The new macrame : contemporary knotted jewelry & accessories
Macramé : the art of creative knotting
Introducing macramé
Encyclopedia of needlework
The basic book of macrame and tatting
The maker's hand : a close look at textile structures
Needle lace and needleweaving : a new look at traditional stitches
Macramé the craft of knotting
Macramé pattern book : includes over 170 knots and small repeat patterns plus projects
Macramé gnomes and puppets : creative patterns and ideas
Needlework, macramé and knitting
Stringwork
Friendship bracelets
New ideas in needlepoint lace
Woman's day decorative needlework for the home
The technique of macrame
Fiber expressions : knotting and looping
Textile crafts
The complete book of Chinese knotting : a compendium of techniques and variations
Hippie crafts : creating a hip new look using groovy '60s crafts
Macramé : a complete introduction to the craft of creative knotting
Lee Wards complete library of needlecraft. Vol. 2.
Sutch bobbin lace petterns : withof and duchesse
Reader's Digest Complete guide to needlework
Decorative knot craft : over 20 innovative knotting & macram accessories
Piecework Magazine presents a facsimile edition of Weldon's practical needlework. Volume 6.
Color and design in macramé
Mod knots : creating jewelry & accessories with macrame
Far beyond the fringe : three-dimensional knotting techniques using macrame & nautical ropework
Good housekeeping new complete book of needlecraft
A modern approach to basketry with fibers and grasses : using coiling, twining, weaving, macramé, crocheting
Piecework Magazine presents a facsimile edition of Weldon's practical needlework. Volume 2.
Macrame today : contemporary knotting projects
Piecework Magazine presents a facsimile edition of Weldon's practical needlework. Volume 1.
Creative work with textiles
The ultimate book of decorative knots
Mad knots : creating jewelry & accessories with macramé
Piecework Magazine presents a facsimile edition of Weldon's practical needlework. Volume 11.
Soft jewelry : design, techniques, materials
Family circle creative needlecrafts
Hello! Macrame : totally cute designs for home décor and more
Piecework Magazine presents a facsimile edition of Weldon's practical needlework. Volume 4.
Macramé jewelry and accessories : 35 gorgeous knotted projects to make and give
Learn the basics of knotting with step-by-step photos and easy-to-follow instructions as you make any of the beautiful macrame projects in this book-- in a single weekend!
Nets and knots
Decorative knot craft : over 20 innovative knotting & macramé accessories
Micro macramé beaded jewellery : 30 stunning designs using crystals and cords
Macrame : 19 great weekend projects
Macramé : creative design in knotting
The techniques of ply-split braiding
