http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23092 educational games
educational games
Educational games : design, learning, and applications
Gamesters' handbook : 140 games for teachers and group leaders
More jolts! : 50 activities to wake up and engage your participants
Perception and learning of Finnish quantity : study in children with reading disabilities and familial risk for dyslexia and Russian second-language learners
Young children at home and in school : 212 educational activities for their parents, teachers, and caregivers
Is school a better environment than home for digital game-based learning? : the case of Graphogame
"If you're a professional trainer, educator, development team leader, or corporate decision-maker, this book will help you understand and use games and simulations to educate and explain. Filled with examples, it shows you how to create and maintain different types of simulations using computerized techniques--without becoming a programmer."--P. [4] of cover.
101 classroom games : energize learning in any subject
The gamification of learning and instruction fieldbook : ideas into practice
Abstract.
The objective of this Master’s thesis was to create and test a pilot game to be used by cello teachers. The perspective was to offer a new tool for teachers, not for a student’s individual practicing. The target was a game that would be easily accessible, interesting and easy to use. The game would be used momentarily during lessons, not as a framework of the lesson. Offering one tool more into teacher’s pedagogic tool box was the lead idea. Blender, a free and open source 3D creation suite, was used for 3D modeling, Adobe Photoshop for texturing and image edition and Python for necessary coding. Before starting 3D modeling, all of the graphical elements were sketched on paper. Then followed 3D modeling and programming functions with Python. The game was tested as a local installation on a laptop. The created technical cello exercises are not included into this thesis. The game proofed its benefits and usability in the cello periods. It was easy and fast to use in situations where it was needed to get the student’s runaway concentration back to learning. Multiple improvement points were found as well and it is necessary to have flexible maintenance tools in the future. The game should also be transferred from the local installation into the web to simplify its usage.
Jolts! : activities to wake up and engage your participants
Influence of grade one Zambian teachers and GraphoGame on initial literacy acquisition : Lusaka district
Games : purpose and potential in education / Christopher Thomas Miller, editor
This edited volume includes the most up to date, expanded, and peer reviewed papers from the 2011 CELDA Conference, focusing on the conference theme: Ubiquitous and Mobile Informal and Formal Learning in thr Digital Age. The contributions are aggressively interdisciplinary and cover such timely topics as social web technologies, virtual worlds and games, and location-based and context-aware learning environments. Informal and formal learning settings are explored and a myriad of concrete examples provided to assit the reader in developing curricula, programs, and courses on the topic.
Gamification framework for marketing courses
Digital games and learning
Why games are good for business : how to leverage the power of serious games, gamification and simulations
Response to computer-assisted intervention in children most at risk for mathematics difficulties
The guide to computer simulations and games
Scripting collaborative learning in two different virtual game environments
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy
Ubiquitous and mobile learning in the digital age
Learning professionals are finding success applying game-based sensibilities to the development of instruction. This is the first book to show how to design online instruction that leverages the best elements of online games to increase learning, retention, and application. It explains how to match different game strategies to types of learning content for the right learning outcome and discusses how gamification techniques can be used in a variety of settings to improve learning, retention and application of knowledge. Supported by peer-reviewed studies and examples from corporations who have adopted game-based learning successfully, the book illustrates how combining instructional design thinking with game concepts can create engaged and interactive learning experiences across a variety of media, from online to face-to-face.
Following Karl Kapp's earlier book The Gamification of Learning and Instruction, this Fieldbook provides a step-by-step approach to implementing the concepts from the Gamification book with examples, tips, tricks, and worksheets to help a learning professional or faculty member put the ideas into practice. The Online Workbook, designed largely for students using the original book as a textbook, includes quizzes, worksheets and fill-in-the-blank areas that will help a student to better understand the ideas, concepts and elements of incorporating gamification into learning.
The pervasive use of games by students and their integration in formal education by a number of pioneer teachers creates a need for a different frame-of-mind to look at the learning experience offered by such innovative technology-enhanced learning experiences. Educational computer games are related to two disciplines, which are computer sciences (in particular, eLearning and related areas) and games development. A pattern-based design approach to overcome the problems and challenges of learning-games is proposed in this book. The aim is to awaken the learning-game community to approach learning-game design more structurally and to motivate them to communally create a theoretical and practical basis for learning-game design and game-based learning research. Furthermore, given the popularity of computer games and the educational and ethical problems they raise, we need a way of evaluating games. This book contributes to this task by articulating the epistemic, moral, and ethical aims of education and by applying these criteria to computer games.
Character-building activities : teaching responsibility, interaction, and group dynamics
Finnish innovations and technologies in schools : a guide towards new ecosystems of learning
Scooter games
Serious games : Foundations, concepts and practice
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Foreign language vocabulary learning through mobile games
Learning technology for education and cloud : MOOC and big data
Evaluations of an experiental gaming model
Storytelling as an instructional method : research perspectives
Children's involvement in the design of game-based learning environments : cases Talarius and Virtual Peatland
Simulations, games and role play in university education
Gamify your classroom : a field guide to game-based learning
Serious games as catalyst for intercultural literacy development? : a case study of Immigropoly
Organizing and learning through gaming and simulation : proceedings of Isaga 2007
Robot Turtles
Zahlenwerte und Funktionen aus Naturwissenschaften und Technik : Neue Serie. Gruppe 3: Kristall- und Festkörperphysik = Numerical data and functional relationships in science and technology. 3/13a, Metalle: Phononenzustände, Elektronenzustände und Fermiflächen
Assessment in game-based learning : foundations, innovations, and perspectives
Scooter Games is an easy-to-use book that will help you find creative ways to integrate cooperative, tag, relay, team, or interdisciplinary scooter activities into your curriculum. Through the more than 100 productive and ready-to-use activities in Scooter Games, you can address the following topics: *Math, health, science, and language arts concepts *Teamwork and sportsmanship *Problem solving. In doing so, you will help children improve their social, emotional, cognitive, intellectual, and physical skills. The scooter games and activities are divided into six categories: individual exploration, cooperative exploration, tag activities, relay activities, team games, and interdisciplinary games. The book contains 50 reproducibles to enhance the safety and fun and to help you assess the students. It also offers information to help you make the case for buying scooters if you dont́ already have them, and advice on caring for the scooters and using them safely. You can use the game finder to quickly locate the type of game you want.
Serious game design : supporting collaborative learning and investigating learners' experiences
Perspectives on computer gaming in higher education
Lecturers can select chapters in a sequence that is most suitable for their specific course or seminar. The book includes specific suggestions for courses such as “Introduction to Serious Games”, “Entertainment Technology”, “Serious Game Design”, “Game-based Learning”, and “Applications of Serious Games”.
Children's involvement in the design of game-based learning environments
The field of Games is rapidly expanding, prompting institutions throughout the world to create game development programs and courses focusing on educational games. As a result, games have also become a hot topic in the area of educational technology research. This increased interest is due to the technological advancement of digital games and the fact that a new, digital generation is emerging with a strong gaming background. Games: Purpose and Potential in Education focuses on the issues of incorporating games into education and instructional design. Ideas of identity development, gender diversity, motivation, and integrating instructional design within game development are addressed since each of these areas is important in the field of instructional design and can have a significant impact on learning. This volume brings together leading experts, researchers, and instructors in the field of gaming and explores current topics in gaming and simulations, available resources, and the future of the field.
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy?
Designing an educational role-playing game for five to six year-olds
100 learning games for special needs with music, movement, sounds and silence
The convergence of two complementary agendas motivated collaboration between two universities (in Zambia and Finland) to establish the Centre for the Promotion of Literacy in Sub-Saharan Africa (CAPOLSA), focused on initial literacy learning in indigenous languages. The project's mandate and activities are closely related to Zambia's national context of literacy and educational provision, emerging trends in information and communication technology, and the University of Zambia's institutional context of research and development on literacy, child development, and education. CAPOLSA has afforded opportunities for enhancing the working relations between the national university and government and for contributing to the development of institutional linkages and consultative forums. Collaboration between various disciplines, institutions, and economic sectors characterizes CAPOLSA's activities. Important areas of progress envisaged include institutional development, growth of a sustainable community of researchers whose collective efforts will increase the scale of Africa's contribution to international knowledge, and evidence-based planning at the interface between humans and technology.
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
"In Jolts! master trainer Thiagarajan introduces a brand-new set of powerful training activities specially designed to get participants to sit-up, listen, and learn. These interactive experiential games and activities give participants a powerful wake-up call, startling them into re-examining their assumptions and habitual practices, and encouraging self-reflection, problem solving, and fresh perspectives. The activities in Jolts! are interactive and emotionally charged--carefully chosen for their ability to make participants think, and think differently. Written for trainers at all levels and HR professionals"--
Psychology, pedagogy, and assessment in serious games
Live-roleplay as a tool   using real world operation cultures as tools for learning
This study investigated how the use of an online reading game differs in home and school environments. First and second graders (N = 194) participated in an 8-week training during which they used the reading program GraphoGame either at home or at school under the supervision of parents or teachers. Child participants were recommended by parents and teachers recruited from the list of GraphoGame users, and adults decided whether the training took place at home or at school. We measured the frequency and duration of playing, children's engagement, development of reading skill and reading interest, and adult supportive involvement. The results revealed that children who played GraphoGame at school showed higher engagement and used it more frequently than players at home. Although teachers were more involved in the children's playing than were parents, only parental involvement was significantly associated with a child's engagement during training and the child's learning outcomes.
Business games for management and economics : learning by playing
Learning games and children's user experience : the effects of context
The gamification of learning and instruction : game-based methods and strategies for training and education
Positive persuasion : designing enjoyable energy feedback experiences in the home
Is it in the game? : integration of a digital game and learning content in mathematical games for 5th and 6th graders in Opit-service
This book combines several perspectives on the steps the Finnish educational system has taken to provide students with the skills and competences needed for living in today's society and in the future. The ecosystem is used as a metaphor for the educational system. The Finnish system aims to achieve sustainable education by ensuring that the system is simultaneously interconnected and open to transformations. The book describes how a flexible curriculum system is succeeding without the pressures of high-stake testing. It also illustrates how the ongoing curriculum reform of the basic education is working. The book brings together knowledge gained in schools through the cooperation of researchers, teachers, school principals, the public sector, and private companies. The book presents case studies of technology integration aimed at crossing boundaries in formal and informal learning settings, locally and globally. The contributors address 21st-century needs and requirements through learner-driven knowledge creation, collaboration, networking, and digital literacies. It opens new scenarios of how to apply digital storytelling and games connecting fun, motivation, and learning. The strong message is that, through collaboration and networking, we can create an educational ecosystem that supports different learners.
Perspectives from Finland : towards new learning environments
This textbook provides an introduction to the fundamentals of serious games, which differ considerably from computer games that are meant for pure entertainment. Undergraduate and graduate students from various disciplines who want to learn about serious games are one target group of this book. Prospective developers of serious games are another, as they can use the book for self-study in order to learn about the distinctive features of serious game design and development. And ultimately, the book also addresses prospective users of serious game technologies by providing them with a solid basis for judging the advantages and limitations of serious games in different application areas such as game-based learning, training and simulation or games for health. To cater to this heterogeneous readership and wide range of interests, every effort was made to make the book flexible to use. All readers are expected to study Chapter 1, as it provides the necessary basics and terminology that will be used in all subsequent chapters. The eleven chapters that follow cover the creation of serious games (design, authoring processes and tools, content production), the runtime context of serious games (game engines, adaptation mechanisms, game balancing, game mastering, multi-player serious games), the effects of serious games and their evaluation (player experience, assessment techniques, performance indicators), and serious games in practice (economic aspects, cost-benefit analysis, serious game distribution). To familiarize the readers with best practice in this field, the final chapter presents more than 30 selected examples of serious games illustrating their characteristics and showcasing their practical use.
As the widespread use of digital entertainment has changed not only the ways in which we spend our leisure time but also how we learn and communicate, Serious Games have emerged as an effective tool for the purpose of learning, skill acquisition, and training. Psychology, Pedagogy, and Assessment in Serious Games addresses this issue by offering empirical evidence for the effectiveness of Serious Games in the key areas of psychology, pedagogy, and assessment.
Computer games and team and individual learning
Supporting Urgent Basic Reading Skills in Children in Africa and Around the World
Documents research on the impact of computer games on the learning of adults. Computer games and learning are characterized from a series of different theoretical and empirical viewpoints. Both civilian sector and military applications are presented. While effectiveness of game environments to support learning can be documented in terms of intensity and longevity of engagement (participants voting with their time), as well as the commercial success of the games, there is much less solid empirical information about what instructional outcomes are systematically achieved by the playing of individual and multiplayer games. This book will address these issues.Designed for professionals in the gaming, simulation, assessment and evaluation, educational technology, and educational psychology communities, this book explores the state of the art in the use of computer game technology for teaching and measurement of learning in adults. Its unique focus is on the empirical impact, both qualitative and quantitative, of computer games on the learning of adults.
This paper provides an overview of the GraphoGame method. Both theoretical and methodological aspects related to the method are presented. The method's guiding principles are based on the prevailing theories and experimental research findings on learning and teaching basic reading skills in alphabetic languages, especially from the point of view of a struggling reader. Because the nature of the target language and its relation to its writing system play central roles in the GraphoGame method, this approach requires the method to be flexible in order to be valid for learners of different languages and orthographies. Thus, the aim of the developed technology is to provide an appropriate reading support tool for all learners—from struggling learners to typical learners—in any language environment. We present an overview of results gained from GraphoGame intervention studies as well as challenges for the usability of the method.
Promotion of Literacy in Sub-Saharan Africa: Goals and Prospects of CAPOLSA at the University of Zambia
How computer games help children learn
CALL for YELLs : outlining an ideal CALL implementation for young english language learners
Computerized reading fluency assessment : task validity and the strongest discriminators of fluency skills among second-graders
New traditional games for learning : a case book
Digital games and mathematics learning : potential, promises and pitfalls
Games and activities are a great way for children with special needs to learn important skills. This book provides inspiration and guidance for special education teachers, teaching assistants, parents and carers on how to use lively and engaging play ideas to foster learning and development. Targeting key skills including listening, self-awareness, movement, creative thinking and relaxation, each game has been developed with the capabilities of children with special needs in mind. The appropriate age group is clearly identified, and possible variations for different abilities are provided. All of the instructions are easy to follow and there are cheerful illustrations throughout. Using music, dance, art, word games and breathing exercises, this book is packed with creative and enjoyable games that make learning fun. This user-friendly activity book will be an ideal resource for use in special education schools, inclusive mainstream classrooms, day-care, residential and respite settings, or at home.
Knowledge games : how playing games can solve problems, create insight, and make change
Increasing beneficial interactions in a computer-supported collaborative environment
50 math and science games for leadership
A game for teaching cello playing
The multiplayer classroom : designing coursework as a game
The brave little troll : a visual rythm game for the deaf and hearing-impaired children
Design for kids : digital products for playing and learning
Imagine if new knowledge and insights came not just from research centers, think tanks, and universities but also from games, of all things. Video games have been viewed as causing social problems, but what if they actually helped solve them? This question drives Karen Schrier's Knowledge Games, which seeks to uncover the potentials and pitfalls of using games to make discoveries, solve real-world problems, and better understand our world. For example, so-called knowledge games―such as Foldit, a protein-folding puzzle game, SchoolLife, which crowdsources bullying interventions, and Reverse the Odds, in which mobile game players analyze breast cancer data―are already being used by researchers to gain scientific, psychological, and humanistic insights. Schrier argues that knowledge games are potentially powerful because of their ability to motivate a crowd of problem solvers within a dynamic system while also tapping into the innovative data processing and computational abilities of games. In the near future, Schrier asserts, knowledge games may be created to understand and predict voting behavior, climate concerns, historical perspectives, online harassment, susceptibility to depression, or optimal advertising strategies, among other things. In addition to investigating the intersection of games, problem solving, and crowdsourcing, Schrier examines what happens when knowledge emerges from games and game players rather than scientists, professionals, and researchers. This accessible book also critiques the limits and implications of games and considers how they may redefine what it means to produce knowledge, to play, to educate, and to be a citizen.
Games for language learning
GraphoGame Method: The Theoretical and Methodological Background of the Technology-Enhanced Learning Environment for Learning to Read
Playing (with) educational games : first and second order gaming
Rapid automatized naming and reading fluency in children with learning difficulties
User-centered technologies for blind children
Digital solutions for multilingual learning environments : the case of GraphoGameTM adaptations in Kenya
Observations on possible use of the "Literate" game on poor readers in a multicultural classroom setting
Music bulletin boards activities kit : year-round displays for the music classroom
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
How to do business in Finland : researching and organizing a database of knowledge for a cultural training game
Technology integration in context-aware learning spaces
Serious game design and development : technologies for training and learning
Learning to read with Graphogame, an ethnography in a Peruvian rural school
Music mind games
Educational Application Design Process Experiences : Case Perioperative Nursing
With an increasing use of vido games in various disciplines within the scientific community, this book seeks to understand the nature of effective games and to provide guidance for how best to harness the power of gaming technology to successfully accomplish a more serious goal.
Playing to learn : business simulation games as leadership learning environments
A collection of 212 easy-to-do activities that parents and other caregivers can use to help children grow toward healthy adulthood. The activities emphasize creative activities and creative arts including music, art, and dramatics. The activities have been tested with preschool children and approved by specialists in early child education.
