http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23098 hybrid cars
hybrid cars
Comparison of high-speed and direct drive motor drives in electrical and hybrid electrical vehicle applications
Automotive engineering fundamentals
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Batteries
Elecric vehicle conversion : battery, recharging and energy system for a Toyota Yaris
Hybrid vehicles and the future of personal transportation
Modern electric, hybrid electric, and fuel cell vehicles : fundamentals, theory, and design
Automotive fuel and emissions control systems
Fuel cells : modeling, control, and applications
Automotive engineering : powertrain, chassis system and vehicle body
Electric and hybrid vehicles : technologies, modeling, and control : a mechatronic approach
Propulsion systems for hybrid vehicles
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Engines and powertrains
A human-electric hybrid vehicle offers a relaxed travel experience for Chinese mega cities
Chevrolet Volt : development story of the pioneering electrified vehicle / [edited] by Lindsay Brooke
Recommended practice for electric and hybrid electric vehicle battery systems crash integrity testing
Development of a hydrogen engine for a hybrid electric bus
Lightweight electric/hybrid vehicle design
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Fuel Cell Hybrid EVs
Predictive control of hybrid electric vehicles on prescribed routes
Electric vehicle battery systems
The bogey called eco-innovation – constructing consumer ́s choice process of novel pro-environmental durables : case: Toyota Prius vs. Toyota Avensis in Finland
Electric vehicle technology explained
Hybrid electric vehicle & electric vehicle terminology
Hybrid powered vehicles
Electric & hybrid vehicle technology
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles
Automotive electricity : electric drives
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Braking systems and NVH considerations
Automation of electric vehicle and development prospects
Hybrid and alternative fuel vehicles
AC motor control and electric vehicle applications
The electric car : development and future of battery, hybrid and fuel-cell cars
Design and control of permanent magnet synchronous machine for hybrid electric vehicle
The Automotive Chassis. Vol. 2, System design
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Overview and viewpoints
In this bachelor thesis, general topics of the battery technology used in the hybrid and the electric vehicles including the battery management system will be discussed. This thesis will go also through general ideas related to the charging system of the electric and the hybrid vehicles including thoughts about the charging infrastructure. As a result of this thesis there are ideas presented, which can be utilized at the same time when the actual conversion of the vehicle will be executed. In this project, the students made a plan how to convert a Toyota Yaris passenger car to an electric vehicle. This kind of a project is the first in our school and therefore all things faced are quite new for project members. I personally spent my last year abroad in Austria in Fachhochschule Joanneum. FH-Joanneum has a wide knowledge about the content of the hybrid and the electric vehicles. FH-Joanneum is a significant university of applied sciences in Europe and it has projects among others within the EU in the field of electric vehicles. Three students got their thesis topics from this project. The other topics which are done are "Initial measurements and sample calculations" by Sami Heikkinen and "Comparison of electric motors and comparison of different controlling systems" by Antti Juutila.  My part of the project was to select and dimension an appropriate battery system for the vehicle. Another target was to make an outline for the recharging and regenerative energy recovery systems for the vehicle. This thesis was carried out under supervision of Markku Ikonen of the home university and Hubert Berger of FH-Joanneum.
Electric and hybrid vehicles
The environmental potential of hybrid buses in transit city traffic : comparison of various bus models in terms of fuel consumption and exhaust emissions
Model-based design and control of a serial hybrid drivetrain
Electric and hybrid vehicles : power sources, models, sustainability, infrastructure and the market
Lithium ion rechargeable batteries : materials, technology, and applications
The aim of this thesis was to analyze the environmental potential of hybrid busses by comparing the fuel consumption and the tailpipe emissions of several diesel hybrid and diesel bus models. At the beginning the different bus models were chosen and in the following their performance on a drive cycle was calculated. Sources for information were books, the internet and some manufacturer data. The results showed that a reduction of about 31 to 35% in fuel consumption and emission is possible. Nevertheless the theoretical values have to be handled with caution. Actual measurement values with an actual bus performing the drive cycle on a chassis dynamometer are also needed to verify the theoretical data.
Electric-drive battery pack system : functional guidelines
Handbook of automotive power electronics and motor drives
Electric and hybrid vehicles : design fundamentals
Hybrid electric vehicles : principles and applications with practical perspectives
Tiivistelmä: Model-based design and control of a serial hybrid drivetrain.
Clean car wars : how Honda and Toyota are winning the battle of the eco-friendly autos
As the American Big Two, GM & Ford, continue to lose market share in the world, Japan's leading auto-makers--Toyota and Honda--are expanding their global share and increasing their profits by presenting high-quality, credible and highly efficient automobiles. The recent oil price hike is sure to accelerate the trend towards clean car technology, which will be a key to survival in the global automobile industry. Toyota recently became the world's number one automobile company and looks set to further extend its lead. Consumers have shown tremendous interest in Japanese cars, especially for their clean and efficient technology. This book offers insights into the Japanese car industry and its future direction.--From publisher description.
