http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2300 rust fungi
rust fungi Uredineae
Fungi of Switzerland : a contribution to the knowledge of the fungal flora of Switzerland. Vol. 5, Agarics , part 3 : Cortinariaceae
The effect of storage temperature, time and spore source on the germination of Cronartium flaccidum and Peridermium pini aeciospores in vitro
Population genetic structure of Melampsora larici-epitea, a willow leaf rust fungus
Integrated control of cereal mildews and rusts: Towards coordination of research across Europe
Host specificity and genetic differentiation of Melampsora epitea (rust on willows)
Indiana plant rusts : listed in accordance with latest nomenclature
Handbook of the North American Uredinales (rust flora) : including citations and synonymy
Nursery practices and management of fungal diseases in forest nurseries in Finland : a review
Yellow rust on wheat: studies in epidemiology and physiologic specialization
The cereal rusts. Vol. 1, Origins, specificity, structure, and physiology
Notes on the effects of the fungus Hydnellum ferrugineum (Fr.) Karst. on forest soil and vegetation
British rust fungi
Rust resistance in winter-wheat varieties
The uredinales or rusts of Connecticut and the other New England states
Fusiform rust resistance in western sources of loblolly pine
The distribution of the Uredineae in Scotland
The evaluation of durum wheat landraces for resistance to wheat yellow rust (Puccinia striiformis f. sp. tritici) in the Southeastern Anatolia Region, Turkey
Meeting the challenge of yellow rust in cereal crops : proceedings of the First Regional Conference on Yellow Rust in the Central and West Asia and North Africa Region, 8-14 May 2001, Karaj, Iran
Indirect selection for resistance to fusiform rust in Loblolly pine
Assembled papers on the North European rust fungi : nos. 1-16, 1933-1975
The tree rusts of Western Canada
The rust fungi of cereals, grasses and bamboos
Proceedings of the meeting of the IUFRO Working Party S2.05-05, Resistance in pines to Melampsora pinitorqua, June, 1979, Suonenjoki, Finland = IUFRO:n työryhmän S2.05-05, Versoruosteenkestävyys männyssä, kesäkuussa 1979 Suonenjoella pidetyn kokouksen esitelmät
Effects of broom rusts on spruce and fir
Effects of Melampyrum extracts on the growth of axenic cultures of Cronartium flaccidum and Peridermium pini
Modelling the risk of pine twisting rust (Melampsora pinitorqua) damage in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) stands in Finland
Screening of birch, Betula spp., for rust resistance Melampsoridium betulinum
Epiphytology of Melampsora rusts of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) and aspen (Populus tremula L.)
Preliminary list of the Uredinales of Washington
A study on Kamtchatka Uredinales
Forestry leaflet
On the macroecology of some rust fungi
Relationship between Cronartium flaccidum and Peridermium pini
Screening of birch for rust resistance
Plant pathology
Rust diseases of willow and poplar
Epidemiology of bean common bacterial blight and maize rust in intercropping
The fungi of Ontario. 3, Parasitic microfungi on vascular plants in Northern Ontario
Colonization of Melampsora uredia on aspen leaves by Cladosporium sp
Release and germination of basidiospores of Melampsora pinitorqua (Braun) Rostr. and M. larici-tremulae Kleb. at various temperatures
Scots pine diseases : proceedings of an international symposium Kòrnik, Poland, 16-20, May 1989 : joint meeting: 7th European Colloquium of Forest Pathologists and the members of two IUFRO Working Parties S2.05.04 Resistance of pines to Melampsora pinitorqua, S2.06.02 Canker and shoot blight of conifers
Orange Rust of Raspberry and Blackberry
Summary.
Groundnut rust disease : proceedings of a Discussion Group meeting, 24-28 Sep 1984, ICRISAT Center, India
A colour handbook of diseases of small grain cereal crops
Illustrated genera of rust fungi
Identification of multiple Endocronartium pini infections in Scots pine with PCR
Differentiation of pine shoot tissue in relation to the development of aecia by Melampsora pinitorqua
Proceedings of the first IUFRO Rusts of Forest Trees Working Party Conference, 2-7 Aug, 1998, Saariselkä, Finland
Introductory mycology
Selecting and breeding pines for resistance to Cronartium quercuum f. sp. fusiforme
The cereal rusts. Vol. 2, Diseases, distribution, epidemiology, and control
On finnish micromycetes. 3: uredinales of Inari Lapland
Fifty wheat samples collected from 11 different durum wheat landraces produced in the central district and villages of Diyarbakr province were used as study materials. Suspension, prepared as 352,000 spores per ml by using the spores composed of a mixture of yellow rust (Puccinia striiformis f. sp. tritici) species provided by the Field Crops Central Research Institute, was injected into plant tissue in the pre-earing stage during the 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 growing seasons. Of the 50 durum wheat landrace samples 15 used in the study were classified as resistant to yellow rust, 19 as semi-resistant and 14 as semi-susceptible. Moreover, it was also found that one sample from the Asure landrace was in the susceptible group with the highest rust intensity of 61.68% while one sample from the Ruto landrace was found to be in the immune group with an intensity of 0%.
Variation between half-sib progenies of Pinus sylvestris L. in crown deformations by Melampsora pinitorqua Rostr
