http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23063 radish
radish
The prognostic and predictive value of selected biomarkers in colorectal cancer
Crucifer diseases : a practical guide for seedsmen, growers & agricultural advisors
Smart Show goes to sea : international contemporary art fair : [Silja Symphony], Stockholm - Helsinki, 20-23 March 1997 / [organizers: Roger Björkholm ... [et al.] ; [coordinator '97: Susanne Hegeson]
The influence of variation in soil copper on the yield and nutrition of radishes grown in microplots on two peat soils
An investigation of the analytical techniques used by Rudolph Reti in the thematic process in music
The impact of intercropping green bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) with red beet (Beta vulgaris L. var. rubra) and radish (Raphanus sativus L.), two non-legume plants, on the plants' yields, as well as the effect on occurrence and enumeration of microorganisms in the rhizosphere was studied. The intercrop efficacy evaluation, using Land equivalent ratio, revealed values above 1.0 for all intercropped treatments. Diversity of rhizobia from green bean nodules under different intercropping and fertilizing conditions was observed. On the basis of morphological and biochemical characteristics, 67 out of 158 isolates from green bean roots were selected as rhizobia (42.4%), confirmed by detection of 780 bp nifH gene fragments in nifH-PCR, and then clustered in 27 phenotype patterns. Production of exopolysaccharide succinoglycan was observed in 23 rhizobial isolates, while 6 were detected to solubilize tricalcium phosphate. Screening of genetic diversity using (GTG)5-PCR fingerprinting showed presence of six different patterns on the 92% similarity level.
Intercropped red beet and radish with green bean affected microbial communities and nodulation by indigenous rhizobia
Usage and control of solid-state lighting for plant growth
Kimjang : making and sharing kimchi
Elevation of cGMP with normal expression and activity of rod cGMP-PDE in photoreceptor degenerate Labrador Retrievers
Growing root vegetables : a directory of varities and how to cultivate them successfully
Radish growth on extracted peats
