http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2315 theatre events
theatre events
Modern dog : 20 years of poster art : (not canine-related)
Dancing for young audiences : a practical guide to creating, managing and marketing a performance company
Rigging for entertainment : regulations and practice
Handling the PR-work of the Spring Festival tor the Theatre and Circus school of Tikkurila
Shared space : music, weather, politics : new approaches to scenography : Prague Quadrennial 2015
The Routledge companion to theatre and performance
Mikkeli meets Russia : a cultural event as a vehicle of local collaboration and learning : research plan
Finland's culture in figures
Arts, entertainment and tourism
London civic theatre : city drama and pageantry from Roman times to 1558
Divadelní svět Brno : 11.–19. 6. 2010 = Theatre world Brno : 11.–19. 6. 2010
Technical management for the performing arts : utilizing time, talent, and money
South Asian festivals on the move
Technical Management for the Performing Arts: Utilizing Time, Talent, and Money is a comprehensive guide to the tools and strategies of a successful technical manager. This book demonstrates how you can coordinate personnel, raw materials, and venues, all while keeping a production on a tight schedule and within budget. From concept to realization, through nightly performances, Technical Management for the Performing Arts focuses on the technical and organization skills a technical manager must demonstrate, and emphasizes the need for creativity and interpersonal management of a team.
Artgenda 2000 : alive in the city : not the history of monuments, but moments
Pražské Quadriennale scénografie a divadelní architektury (16.-26. června 2011) = Prague Quadrennial of performance design and space (june 16-26 2011)
Performance lighting design : how to light for the stage, concerts, exhibitions and live events
Theater festivals : best worldwide venues for new works
Standing room only : strategies for marketing the performing arts
Aluminium structures in the entertainment industry
Festivals and plays in late medieval Britain
Creating outdoor theatre : a practical guide
Finland's culture in figures 2006
The followspot guide
Production management : making shows happen
From stress to success
Sammandrag. - Summary.
The arts management handbook : new directions for sudents and practitioners
Theatrical events : borders, dynamics, frames
