http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23109 mildews
mildews
Host-pathogen coevolution through trade-offs and coinfection
The powdery mildews
Linking spatial and evolutionary dynamics in a plant-pathogen metapopulation
Taxonomic manual of the Erysiphales (powdery mildews)
Effects of AMF- and PGPR-root inoculation and a foliar chitosan spray in single and combined treatments on powdery mildew disease in strawberry
Kaksikymmentäneljäkulmaisen ristikirkon syntyongelmia = On the Finnish cruciformed timber-churches with twenty-four corners : problems concerning their origin
Integrated control of cereal mildews: monitoring the pathogen : proceedings of a seminar in the community programme of coordinated research on energy in agriculture held in Freising-Weihenstephan, Federal Republic of Germany, 4-6 November, 1986
Trials were carried out using, as a root inoculants, mixed Glomus spp. (G. mossae, G. caledonium, and G. fasiculatum) and Bacillus subtilis FZB24, and the plant activator N, O-carboxymethyl chitosan applied as a foliar spray. The treatments were applied singly and in combinations, on strawberry plants grown out of season in a greenhouse.  Both fruit yield and runner production were reduced due to disease.  Several of the treatments were found to have significant effects, increasing fruit number and yield, and runner production.  Disease symptom severity was lowest in the B. subtilis FZB24 plus chitosan treatment. The treatments giving significantly higher fruit yield/number and runner production werea inoculation with B. subtilis FZB24, and with B. subtilis FZB24 or AMF combined with chitosan spray. These treatments and a fungicide treatment, gave the same level of disease control.
Abstract: Sphaerotheca drabae was found on Saxifraga nivalis in the Kevojoki valley near the Kevo Research Station. This find may represent a remarkable case of incipient physiological specialization of a powdery mildew, which in Fennoscandia only infects species of the genus Draba.
On Finnish micromycetes. 8 : Erysiphales of Inari Lapland
Abstract: A total of 12 powdery mildew species with 29 parasite-host combinations is reported. Most of the species are pronounced lowland species occurring on hemerophilous or hemerochorous hosts. Attention was paid on the occurrence of Erysiphe graminis on various hosts, and significant differences in the size of the conidia were reported.
A list of powdery mildews of California
Sooty moulds from European Tertiary amber, with notes on the systematic position of Rosaria ('Cyanobacteria')
Broadening of mildew resistance in wheat
Strawberry powdery mildew and its control on Zephyr strawberries
Chemically induced resistance in strawberry (Fragaria × ananassa) and arctic bramble (Rubus arcticus) : biochemical responses and efficacy against powdery mildew and downy mildew diseases
Excursion guide to the Kuhmo Greenstone Belt and Lahnaslampi talc mine, NE Finland, August 31, 1991.
On the effect of leisure activities on vocabulary knowledge among 9th graders in the comprehensive school
Resistance to powdery mildew in selections from barley landraces collected in Greece
Conidial germination of wheat powdery mildew on water agar at temperatures from + 5 to + 30 C.
Integrated control of cereal mildews and rusts: Towards coordination of research across Europe
Erysiphaceae Lév. in Eastern Europe and North Asia
On Finnish micromycetes. 9 : Sphaerotheca drabae Juel on Saxifraga nivalis in Finnish Lapland
The powdery mildews : a comprehensive treatise
