http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23169 apple trees
apple trees Malus
The apples of England
Apples and robins
Apples : botany, production and uses
The apples of New York. Vol. 1
Joel Lehtonen and Putkinotko
Enhancement of micropropagation of Lonicera and Malus by exogenous factors
CRC handbook of pest management in agriculture. Vol. 3
Phytoseiid mites (Acari: Gamasina) in Finnish apple plantations with reference to integrated control of phytophagous mites
Plant protoplasts and genetic engineering. 5
Flowering crabapples : the genus Malus
Biology of apples and pears
Micropropagation of the Apple Rootstock M26 : the Swedish results from an European Cooperation Project, COST -87
The effect of rootstock on apple yield, productivity and alternate bearing was investigated at the Institute of Horticulture, Lithuanian Research Centre for Agriculture and Forestry during a six-year period in a full bearing orchard. Apple cultivars 'Ligol' and 'Auksis' grafted on M.26 semi-dwarf rootstock; M.9, B.396, P 66, P 67 and Pure 1 dwarf rootstocks; and P 59, P 22, P 61, P 62 and PB.4 super-dwarf rootstocks were tested. Rootstock had a significant effect on apple tree growth, average yield and cumulative yield efficiency. Alternate apple bearing did not depend on rootstock vigour. Constant correlations between bearing regularity, average yield and cumulative yield efficiency were not established and differed on a cultivar or rootstock level. On the average of both tested cultivars, a more regular apple yield was recorded on Pure 1, P 59 and B.396 rootstocks. A significantly higher alternate bearing index was established on P 67, P 62 and M.9 rootstocks.
Proceedings of the XXV International Horticultural Congress : Brussels, Belgium 2-7 August, 1998. Part 3, Culture techniques with special emphasis on environmental implications
Using die-cut pages the story explores the shapes and colors of an apple tree through the passing of the seasons.
International workshop on apple culture in the tropics and subtropics, Florianópolis - Brazil, 14-18 September, 1987
The apples of New York. Vol. 2
Second Workshop on Pome Fruit Quality : Bonn - Röttgen, Germany 24-26 November, 1996
Population dynamics of Malus sylvestris stands in grazed and ungrazed, semi-natural grasslands and fragmented woodlands in Mols Bjerge, Danmark
Joel Lehtonen and his alter ego 1881-1934
Postharvest performance of apples grown in the Åland Islands 1993-1995 with reference to preharvest calcium treatments
Leaf and fruit macronutrient composition during the growth period of apples
The illustrated world encyclopedia of apples : a comprehensive identification guide to over 400 varieties accompanied by 90 scrumptious recipes
Helsingin viheralueiden koristeomenapuulajikkeita = Crabapple varieties in the green areas of Helsinki
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Apple Breeding for Scab Resistance : 14-16 September, 2000, Trento, Italy
International Symposium on Integrating Canopy, Rootstocks and Environmental Physiology in Orchard Systems : Wenatchee, Washington, USA and Penticton, British Columbia, Canada, 17-25 July, 1996 : Vol. 1 & 2
The suitability of Finnish climate for fire blight (Erwinia amylovora) epidemics on apple
Agri-Food Quality II : quality management of fruits and vegetables
Measuring cold hardiness in woody plants
Does elevated ozone predispose northern deciduous tree species to abiotic and biotic stresses?
King Pom and the fox
Response of "Anna" apple trees to foliar sprays of chelated iron, manganese and zinc
Pharmacokinetic interactions and pharmacogenetics of aliskiren
Branching in young apple trees (Malus domestica Borkh.) in relation to irradiance and temperature
Effect of inoculation with arbuscular mycorrhizas on rooting, weaning and subsequent growth of micropropagated Malus (L.) Moench
Nutritional status of apple orchards in the Åland Islands 1993-1995
The effect of rootstock on apple tree bearing stability in a cooler climate
Climatic potential and risks for apple growing by 2040.
Fire blight, which is an important disease of apples and pears, has never been detected in continental Finland. In this study the suitability of the Finnish climate for apple blossom blight infections by Erwinia amylovora was evaluated with the epidemiological model MaryblytTM. This was done in fourteen locations, and for two apple cultivars differing in flowering times. Climatic conditions were predicted to be suitable for blossom infections in 18 - 51% of the years, and the annual period of suitable conditions was predicted to last up to two to five days, depending on the location and apple cultivar. The suitable period was predicted to be longer in some locations in central Finland than in those in the southernmost parts of the country. Based on these results the official surveys that are carried out to confirm the absence of fire blight in Finland cannot be targeted only to some parts of the country.
The silver bough
Selected works
