http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23194 research subjects
research subjects
The challenge of humanistic economics
The great barrier reef marine park authority : research report 1976/82
Helsinki’s Image as a Tourism Destination in St Petersburg
Handbook of regional and urban economics. Vol. 2, Urban economics
Dark Tourism and Destination Marketing
Abstract: Destination image of Saint Petersburg : use of meme maps.
Practicing responsible tourism : international case studies in tourism planning, policy, and development
Taming world literature : in honorem Jüri Talvet
An economic theorist's book of tales : essays that entertain the consequences of new assumptions in economic theory
Unlike the few other texts for undergraduate sociological social psychology courses that present 3 distinct traditions (or "faces") ...Symbolic Interactionist (SI), Social Structure and Personality (SSP), and Group Processes and Structure (GPS) by topic alone, this text initially discusses these "faces" by research tradition, and emphasizes the different theoretical frameworks within which social psychological analyses are conducted. With this approach, the authors make clear the link between "face" of sociological social psychology, theory, and methodology. And students gain an appreciably better understanding of the field of sociological social psychology; how and why social psychologists trained in sociology ask particular kinds of questions; the types of research they are involved in; and how their findings have been, or can be, applied to contemporary societal patterns and problems. Great writing makes this approach successful and interesting for students, resulting in a richer, more powerful course experience. A website offers instructors high quality support material, written by the authors, which you will appreciate and value.
Destination image of Estonia among Finns
Future of Lithuanian tourism industry
The analytics of uncertainty and information
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
The stigmatized vernacular : where reflexivity meets untellability
Tourist information and destination marketing in television travel programmes
Handbook of mathematical economics. Vol. 3
Dangerous currents : the state of economics
Englische Abstracts.
Cultural tourism research methods
Tourists at the Taj : performance and meaning at a symbolic site
The image of Lithuania as a tourism destination - perceptions of the Swedish people
Impacts of international catastrophes of travel agencies : case: Olympia Air Travel Ltd
Business-to-business market research
Countryside holidays in Finland. Part 2, Market study for Germany
Motivation factors of Chinese tourists travelling to Finland
Destination image of Chile and rural indigenous community : tourism as an alternative for the Araucania region
Reclaiming the city : innovation, culture, experience
Destination countries' risk image as perceived by Finnish travellers
Peripherality, geopolitical rupture and academic visibility : the case of East European Area Studies in the USA an UK, 1989-2012
Labor economics : a comparative text
The primary purpose of this research is to identify the image of Lithuania as a tourism destination. Baltic tourism has gone through substantial transformations and incredible improvements in quality and variety of the products during the last decade. The demand obviously exists to evaluate that development and draw conclusions as how really noticeable it is outside of the Baltic countries and, namely, Lithuania. Lithuania is still a rather new destination in the tourism market. Marketing strategies development and implementation is a relatively new phenomenon in this country. There is a need to asses the image of Lithuania as a tourism destination and understand the strong and weak aspects of the newly-opened country for tourism. The Swedish market represents big potential for the increase of inbound tourism to Lithuania and is therefore worth considerable attention.   The problem of the research is formulated to correspond closely with and fulfil the aim of the research. The literature review provided in this study allows a better understanding of the relative theories, such as marketing communications, corporate image, destination image, functional and psychological attributes, etc. to the topic. The framework is designed with the help of the parent literature and applied in the structured methodology - a questionnaire. The sample group selected for the purpose of this study is Swedish residents who are non-visitors to Lithuania. The research data findings, analysis and conclusions are provided at the end of the study. Finally, the answer to the research problem and the hypothesis concludes the entire study.   This research gives useful information for tourism promoters. It reveals Swedish people's perceptions of Lithuania as a tourism destination. It allows for a more strategically planned approach to the potential tourism market.
World adventure dives : [the world's most exciting wreck, cave, shark and big fish dives
Supply chain in tourism destinations : the case of Levi Resort in Finnish Lapland
Geography in secondary schools : researching pupils' classroom experiences
Focus groups : from structured interviews to collective conversations
What's happening in the mathematical sciences. Vol. 9
Tourism destination as any other product needs to be marketed and promoted in order to attract more customers. Tourist brochures and travel guides are one if the popular promoting and informative tools. They are saturated with pictures which aim to influence the readers' minds; however, the role of the text seems to be overviewed. Words also have persuading power and they also may have impact on the purchase decision buy transmitting not only factual information, but also by evoking emotions which will obscure the mind.    “How to design a text so that it could irradiate desirable emotions?” - it is the principal question of the present research. This problem is resolved by developing a structure of key vocabulary which carries an emotional charge and should implicitly touch the necessary strings of the reader's subconscious.     The framework is applied to the case of Finland which is promoted as a tourism destination via a tourist brochure in order to verify if the developed approach can be used for revealing hidden emotions and also discover what emotions are thought to awake interest towards Finland and its attractions. Content analysis as a qualitative research instrument was used to collect and systemize the data from the travel brochure.     Findings and analysis show that the defined means of emotional expression are used in promotional text and can be applies to reveal the emotional image of described tourism attractions.  In practice it gives possibility to assess the emotional content separately from the text and discuss if the result is what the marketers wanted the customers to feel or not and take steps for redesigning the textual content if required.
The economics of tourism destinations
Sustainable tourism development in Croatian rural areas : tourist experiences, economic and social benefits
Archaeological sites in their setting
North Karelia offers excellent settings for international tourism, but nevertheless, the region has remained fairly unknown in the international market. Furthermore, there clearly exists a general interest for increasing the amount of international tourist arrivals, which is also considered in the regional tourism strategy. Besides the tourist motivational aspects, co-operation and mutual perceptions of the tourism providers are key elements in enhancing that tourism flow.  This qualitative case study examines the attractiveness and image of North Karelia in order to identify the true strengths that attract the international tourists.  The aim of this research is to examine the local tourism operators' perceptions of these concepts and to find out if they are equivalent.  This research provides the local tourism operators with information about the perceived pull factors and image of the region. The empirical part of the research is based on theme interviews that allow the respondents to freely express their perceptions, and the analysis of the results examines their responses in relation to the concepts of push attributes and image.  The results supported the assumptions prior to the research and confirmed that the tourism operators share similar views on the attractiveness and image of the region. Nature is the main pull to the region and quietness and authenticity forms the image. Furthermore, it was emphasised that more resources and co-operation is needed for successful development of international tourism flow.
An applied visual sociology : picturing harm reduction
Weber versus von Thünen ; or : why is location theory not integrated in general economics?
Tourism, climate change and sustainability
Dynamic analysis in the social sciences
The future of European tourism
Segmenting protected area visitors based on their motivations
Using focus groups in research
Heritage : critical approaches
The book deals with online or web research or how to conduct qualitative and quantitative research in the Internet. Research activities have moved into the Internet, because people and businesses have moved there some of their operations. The net has become a place where people spend more and more of their time. Through the Internet you can research the traditional physical world but on the other hand research may be aimed at the online world itself: what people are doing online, how they operate, how they organise themselves and how they can be influenced. The book also addresses tools for measuring online traffic (web analytics). Methods of conducting research have not changed as the same analytical methods still apply for analysing materials online. The Internet has socialised research activities but not, however, the requirement for knowhow regarding planning, conducting and analyzing research.
It is a well-known fact that tourism is the fastest growing industry in the world. More specifically, natural area tourism is nowadays one of the most rapidly growing segments of it. Within this segment in turn, the cultural and heritage component has experienced a tremendous growth in recent years. However, at the same time as the tourism sector is expanding, the economic, social, cultural and environmental impacts of tourism, either positive or negative, must no longer be left out of account.     When it comes to World Heritage Sites, also there the number of visitors is growing all the time. Concern is raised about exploitation of natural and cultural resources in World Heritage Sites and this fear must be balanced with the economic goals of tourism.     Many World Heritage Sites only recently have begun to pay attention to the implications of increasing pressure from visitor numbers. Often the level of site management falls short of that appropriate for such unique and important sites. In this manner, it is crucial to realize the value of visitor management through suitable marketing and interpretation techniques in order to protect the site's integrity. Initially the research considers the dimensions of tourism marketing and interpretation to the management activity of a World Heritage Site. Based on literature and on an exploratory study of a specific World Heritage Site, the Fortress of Suomenlinna in Finland, it argues that tourism marketing and interpretation are essential to the sustainable management of such a site.  In particular, the actual research problem was: How can tourism marketing and interpretation contribute to the sustainability of World Heritage Sites? In the process of data collection, qualitative methodology in form of structured on-site observation and investigation of promotional material was used. The research focused upon one single case, the World Heritage Site of Suomenlinna and was examined from the managerial viewpoint. The results of the research implied that there are various opportunities in the marketing of Suomenlinna, that have not been seen or not been implemented yet. Moreover, Suomenlinna lacks a systematic and effective interpretation system. Thus, there is an urgent need for improvements. The management definitely needs to be completely committed to enhance the unrestricted appreciation and to ascertain the long-term protection of the site.
Customer research methods in website development process : focusing on focus groups
Cases in sustainable tourism : an experimential approach to making decisions
Atlas of travel and tourism development
Prior linguistic knowledge matters:the use of the partitive case in Finnish learner language
Countryside holidays in Finland. Part 3, Market study for Russia
The market research toolbox : a concise guide for beginners
Advertising theory
Societal challenges and geoinformatics
Innovation and growth : Schumpeterian perspectives
Heritage visitor attractions : an operations management perspective
Destination marketing : an integrated marketing communication approach
Economic analysis of property rights
What's happening in the mathematical sciences. Vol. 8
HOW TO MARKET FINNISH HOLIDAY RESORTS TO TOURISTS FROM AUSTRALASIA
The handbook for focus group research
The economic approach to human behavior
Archaeological heritage management in the modern world : [based on contributions to the Congress on 'Public Archaeology and Cultural Resource Management', held in Southampton, England, in September 1986]
Attractiveness of Tallinn as a tourist destination amongst the residents of Northern Finland
This book deals with conducting qualitative and quantitative research on the Internet. Research activity has moved onto the net because people and businesses have transferred part of their activities onto the Internet. On the other hand the net has become a world of its own where people spend more and more of their time. People spend an ever increasing proportion of their time operating on the Internet. Through the Internet you can research the traditional physical world or the Internet has become a medium to conduct research. Alternatively, research may be aimed at the net world itself and its functions: what people do on the net, how they operate and how you can influence them. Influencing requires objective knowledge on the laws governing the world of the Internet. The book also discusses the tools for measuring the Internet traffic or how you can measure the activities of the visitors to the net. Analysis of Internet pages forms its own entirety or web-analysis. Research methods have not changed as the same analysis methods still apply to the analysis of the materials of the qualitative and quantitative research conducted on the Internet. Conducting analyses on the net has revolutionized and eased gathering of data but irrespective of this you must know how to analyze and correctly interpret the collected material. The Internet has socialized research activity but there are elements such as planning, conducting and analyzing of research that it has not socialized. Internet solutions have their own benefits and disadvantages. The book has addressed the planning and reporting of qualitative and quantitative research in a manner that is easy to follow. The closing chapters cover the credibility of research activities and requirements to be set for scientific research. The author has worked in an academic institution lecturing on research methodologies and conducting research on digital marketing.
Essays in legal theory in honor of Kaarle Makkonen
Putting psychology in its place : critical historical perspectives
The attractiveness and image of North Karelia - perceptions of the local tourism operators : case study
The image of Switzerland as travel destination
Managing and marketing tourist destinations : strategies to gain a competitive edge
Europeanization : new research agendas
Visitor monitoring in nature areas : a manual based on experiences from the Nordic and Baltic countries
Finland as a golf destination for Japanese travellers
Advances in tourism destination marketing : managing networks
Rovaniemi research station: Forest Research Institute
This thesis will present some ideas for customer research that can be adopted when developing Finnforest's websites. Finnforest, the client, has an on-going website development process, where the main focus is on building more user-friendly sites to better serve customers.    The aim of this thesis is to present selected market research theories that the client can consider when planning the next steps of their website development process. The goal is not to give concrete suggestions on how to improve individual tools on a website, but rather to present some methods on how users' ideas can be researched.    The main customer research method presented is focus group interviews; this thesis presents the findings of four focus groups conducted in January and February 2011. Two of the focus groups were conducted in the United Kingdom, one in Finland and one in Germany. The focus groups were conducted by the client and not the author of this thesis.    It was clear from the focus group interviews that users from the different target groups wanted more information about products, and also wanted to see inspirational pictures and videos.    The role of social media and how they can be utilised should be considered carefully. Social media offer many possibilities, but some of the focus groups indicated that at least for now social media did not particularly interest the participants on a larger scale.
Worldwide destinations casebook : the geography of travel and tourism
Impediments of a historical and cultural tourist town to becoming a world heritage site : case of Bagamoyo town in coast region of Tanzania
Dissertation solutions : a concise guide to planning, implementing, and surviving the dissertation process
Historical pragmatics
Field guide to case study research in tourism, hospitality and leisure
Early years education : major themes in education. Volume 4 : researching early education : challenges and futures
Advertising
Destination image of Saint Petersburg : use of meme maps
The health economy
Sustainable development of tourism in deserts : guide for decision makers
Tanzania is endowed with cultural heritage sites with remains, which represent both human cultural and biological evolution from the Pliocene to modern era. Later pre-historic sites include the rock art shelters of Kondoa central Tanzania and historical monuments along the Tanzanian coast precisely Bagamoyo. The presence of these sites contributes greatly to the development of cultural tourism in the mentioned areas. But despite this immense contribution, vandalism, destruction and looting of cultural heritage resources are increasing at an alarming rate. In rescuing the situation, various efforts has been done by public and private institutions to develop regulations to protect, document and conserve pre-historical and historical sites. The efforts have resulted in the development of management plans for some sites while others have succeeded to be listed as World Heritage Sites. Recently, historic sites in Bagamoyo have been in critical situation following the increased destruction. As a result, various actions including nominating the site to the World Heritage Site list has been taken to rescue the situation. The current research was conducted to find out the preparatory actions undertaken to list Bagamoyo as a World Heritage Site as well as factors delaying the process. The research went further to find out the public awareness of cultural heritage resources and the whole process of nomination. The research applied both ethnographic enquiry techniques, namely questionnaires and interviews to retrieve the information from the public. A visit to several historical sites in Bagamoyo was also conducted to supplement data obtained from the ethnographic techniques. Findings revealed that a large number of residents are aware of the existence of cultural heritage sites in Bagamoyo with little knowledge on their values. This study also reveals that the ruins and historical buildings are by themselves inadequate to serve as a strong pulling base to list the town as an endangered site without incorporating the Slave and Ivory Route. It is therefore recommended to the Antiquities Division to persuade the UNESCO through various stakeholders to declare Bagamoyo a world heritage for UNESCO World Heritage List.
Summary.
This thesis studies the travel destination image, the role of familiarity in the development of the previous and the visitation interest within Chile and its rural indigenous communities in the Araucania Region. An earlier study researching destination image and familiarity were used as an example when the respondents were divided into two groups, using the familiarity with the destination as the variable.  The literature framework attempts to give abundant background information to the reader about the issues related to the subject.   At first it focuses in the presentation of the destination image and its role in the travel purchase decision process. Secondly there is a presentation of Chile as a country and a travel destination. This section also focuses in to the current (2005) economical situation of Chile and the Finnish commerce with Chile. Furthermore, there is a closer presentation of the economical situation by regions and especially about the economical inequality by regions. This gives the necessary background details for the deeper understanding of why the author has also chosen the viewing of the possibilities of rural indigenous community tourism in this specific region. Finally, the theoretical part gives a closer in look towards Latin American Tourism and the meaning of the indigenous people's cultures in it. The research methods are desk research, personal experiences and contacts and descriptive survey. The respondents were limited in Finnish travellers and the survey method was quantitative.
Travels in paradox : remapping tourism
Tourism marketing and interpretation in world heritage sites : the case study of the fortress of Suomenlinna
Online research for preparing your thesis : a guide for conducting qualitative and quantitative research online
Worldwide destinations : the geography of travel and tourism
Emotional image of tourism destinations : case FTB tourist brochures to Russians
Successful qualitative health research : a practical introduction
"The Structureof wildlife documentary
PROBLEMS FACED BY A NEW DESTINATION WHEN TRYING TO ESTABLISH POSITION WITHIN TOURISM MARKETS  : Case: Destination Uganda
Individual and society : sociological social psychology
Progressing tourism research
Golf is considered to be the world's fastest growing segment of lucrative holiday with higher revenue generated per traveller than other holiday tourists.  While Finland has 107 golf courses, golf in Finland has not been widely used to attract greater number of Japanese travellers.  Number of Japanese overnights in Finland increased rapidly in late 1990's with successful introduction of winter products in Lapland.  While the winter products continues to be popular, summer products are limited, resulting short average length of stay in southern Finland.  Therefore, wider range of summer products needs to be available for consumers to choose from to increase targeted annual growth of 10% overnights for the next several years.  As one of the new products, golf package is proposed.  The method used in this thesis is desk study and interviews.  Desk study includes studying marketing theories and collecting secondary sources to prepare arguments for new products, as well as assembling the packages.  Because this is a project based thesis, surveys did not take place.  Instead, interviews with professionals in the Finnish tourism industry were conducted to understand current trend and environments.  The product part for this project is a power point presentation on marketing strategy  plan proposal on golf in Finland, based on theories and information available.  The proposal is a proto type, and can be modified depending the audience's businesses.   The main purpose of this project is to introduce new summer travel products in Finland to Japanese consumers.
Looking for the future : labour market and the analysis of culture
Sustainable geography
The future of sociology
