http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2314 occupational safety
occupational safety industrial safety
Nordic partners of NATO : how similar are Finland and Sweden within NATO cooperation?
Operational decision-making in high-hazard organizations : drawing a line in the sand
Watch out! : science tools and safety
Possibilities of co-operation in maritime occupational statistics
Chemicals in the workplace
On logging accidents in China
Safety and Health for Engineers
Physical security and safety : a field guide for the practitioner
Worker participation in occupational safety and health : a practical guide
Laboratory biosafety manual
Protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities: carers' views on protective measures and client participation
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Introduction to health and safety in construction
Chemicals in the workplace. Appendices
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs) : Osa 14: Valikkodialogi = Part 14: Menu dialogues
Protective Measures in Working with People with Intellectual Disabilities : Carers' Views on Protective Measures and Client Participation
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 4 = Part 4, Ergonomiset periaatteet, mitoituksen suunnittelu, henkinen työkuormitus = Ergonomic principles, antropometric dimensioning, mental workload
Welcome to practise in gastroenterogical wards : An Orientation Guide for Exchange Nursing Students
Food preparation and cooking : student guide, core units
Construction site security
Handling aggression and violence at work : a training manual
Beryllium and beryllium compounds
A management model for physical risks in the care work
Expert system for safety inspection in logging
The second edition of this bestseller continues to provide the basic tenants needed to initiate a comprehensive occupational safety and health initiative. Updated with more than 30 percent new and revised material, this volume encompasses a total management approach that deals with the development of written programs, the identification of hazards, the mitigation of hazards by the use of common safety and health tools, the development of a safe workforce through communications, and motivational techniques including behavior-based safety, worker involvement, and stepped up training. More than just a source of information, this book provides practical applications for real world situations.
Your body at work
Economic incentives to improve health and safety at work : proceedings of an international colloquium between Eastern and Western Europe held in Warsaw from 12 to 14 October 1994.
Työturvallisuusmääräykset rakennusalalla, ammattilaisten suhtautuminen turvallisuuteen sekä määräysten tunteminen = The safety regulations of building trade, the workers attitude of safety code and recognition for provisions
Sfs-käsikirja. 93-2, Koneiden turvallisuus : Safety of machinery. Osa 2: Riskin arviointi ; Risk assessment
The industries of the future
Abstract: Orientation guide to ambulance service Kinnunen Ltd.
From accidents to zero : a practical guide to improving your workplace safety culture
Precision machining technology
Principles of construction safety
Empirical Study of the Use and Exploitation of TAPE- Accident Reporting and Monitoring Program in Elder Care in Kouvola (accident project)
Before starting hot work...  : study book
Instructor's guide to the modules
Safety in the process industries
Management of occupational safety and health risks in small enterprises
Occupational hazards of pesticide use
Effects of Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series Standard and organizational learning on core competencies building
Final report : Tripartite Meeting on Safety and Related Issues Pertaining to Work on Offshore Petroleum Installations, Geneva, 20-28 April, 1993
Promotion of well-being in modern society : proceedings of NES 2006 : 38th Annual Congress of Nordic Ergonomics Society 24 - 27 September 2006, Hämeenlinna, Finland
Ergonomics : foundational principles, applications, and technologies
Management leadership in occupational safety and health : a practical guide
Cost Calculation model for work related accidents
A CSR awareness program to enhance capacity building in good governance of multi-cultural employees and safe operations : good governance of multi-cultural safety : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140203)
Sleepiness and stress among long-haul truck drivers : an educational intervention to promote safe and economic truck driving
Safety analysis : principles and practice in occupational safety
National occupational safety and health profile of Finland
Minding the machines : preventing technological disasters
Successful health and safety management
Introduction to quality and safety education for nurses : core competencies
Nordic experiences and future trends for the preparation of safety reports
Safety in the chemistry and biochemistry laboratory
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
Campaign guide : management leadership and worker participation in occupational safety and health
Using the DMAIC Model to Manage Machine Defects
Workplace safety : establishing an effective violence prevention program
Team leadership in high-hazard environments : performance, safety and risk management strategies for operational teams
Occupational health and safety management : a practical approach
Health and safety : a guide for the newly appointed
Violence at work
Information dissemination strategy on occupational health and safety in Estonia
Safety device upgrade for robotic cells : Machine safety
Getting along with Gulliver : a review of Finnish-German relations
EU civilian crisis management : the record so far
This book looks both backward and forward with regard to the European Union's political strategies towards its neighbouring countries. By bringing together the perspectives of critical geopolitics, policy studies and border studies, it presents a comprehensive review of the European Neighbourhood Policy and how it impacts the ongoing construction of the EU's external frontiers. Is the EU committed to promoting integration in a 'wider' European space, or is a "fortress Europe" emerging where the strengthening of internal cohesion is coupled with the militarisation of its external borders? The book aims to problematize this question by showing how the EU's external policies are based on a mixture of openness and closure, inclusion and exclusion, cooperation and securitisation. The European Neighbourhood Policy is a controversial strategy where regionalization and bordering, homogenisations and differentiations, centrifugal and centripetal forces proceed side-by-side, in an explicit attempt to construct a selective, mobile and fragmented border. A specific focus is devoted to the diversity of geo-strategies the EU is pursuing in its neighbouring countries and regions, macro-regional strategies and cross-border cooperation initiatives as new scales of cooperation, and the role of other global players.
Hazard analysis techniques for system safety
Guidelines for safe handling of powders and bulk solids
Influences of corporate top management to safety in certain shipping companies in Finland and Åland
Work safety of farms and heating plants in the bioenergy business
Crash course in dealing with difficult library customers
Risk by choice : regulating health and safety in the workplace
Market Research of a Work-Safety Software in Germany
Health and safety for engineers
Encyclopaedia of occupational health and safety : volume IV
Well-being at work on farms in Finland : stress, safety in animal handling and working conditions of women on dairy farm
Still going wrong!
Risk and decisions
TUKES review : news from Safety Technology Authority
Characterization of safety criteria for load-bearing materials and components, particularly in lifting tackle
Supervision : managing for results
Taking care : human error - how to prevent personal injuries to crew, stevedores and others in the shipping industry
Health and safety at work in Europe - where next? : mid-term report on the Community programme concerning safety, hygiene and health at work (1996-2000)
Encyclopaedia of occupational health and safety : Volume IV
Work and health country profiles of twenty-two European countries
Participatory methods and empowerment for health and safety work : case studies in Norrbotten, Sweden
Law of health and safety at work
Journal Club, a Method to Implement Evidence-based Practice at  Nursing Work
Construction safety engineering principles : designing and managing safer job sites
"Reliable statistics of occupational accidents are necessary for rational improvement of safety of seafarers by benchmarking. Several organisations regularly publish maritime occupational accident data, but the comparisons and benchmarking are difficult for several reasons, which are discussed in this commentary. For this purpose, the content of published information was analysed in view of similar features and the possibilities of joint uses of the data were reviewed for four Nordic countries. The main purpose of this publication is to start a discussion on how the statistic information of maritime occupational accidents could be made comparable for the Nordic countries. The project CAFE was funded by the EU, the Regional Council of Päijät-Häme, Turku University of Applied Sciences and the participants from the industry. " --
Work systems and the methods, measurement, and management of work
Comparisons Between Occupational Health and Safety Cultures in Kenya and Finland
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs) : Osa 1: komentodialogi = Part 1: Command dialogues
Holistic work system design and management:— a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers’ work outside the cab
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Enhancing occupational safety and health
Improving the forklift traffic safety at logistics terminals
The future of NATO : 140th Bergedorf Round Table, June 13-15, 2008, Berlin
Safety politics and risk perceptions in Malaysian industry
Personal injury prevention : work safe - stay safe
Woodworking industrial safety : proceedings of the workshop on woodworking industrial safety 24 August-11 September 1987, Kotka, Finland. Part 2, Group works and country reports
Neighbourhood policy and the construction of the European external borders
Machinery failures and safety : trends in technology, law and insurance : September 3rd, 1997
The cost of occupational accidents and diseases
Comparisons between occupational health and safety cultures in Kenya and Finland
Before starting hot work... : study book
Hygiene for the worker
Health and safety at work in the European Community
Evolution and implementation of multifunctionality-related policies in China and Finland
A manual for primary human cell culture
Illustrated dictionary and resource directory of environmental & occupational health
"This book describes research on safety-related decision-making by operations supervisory personnel in three different high-hazard industries, and features a case study illustrating each: a chemical plant, a nuclear power station and an air-navigation service provider. The focus of this research is unique: those who supervise the frontline personnel and essentially provide the organizational link between senior management and minute-by-minute system operations"--Provided by publisher.
Holistic work system design and management : a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers' work outside the cab
Views on future maritime occupational accident statistics
Tree climbers ́guide
Encyclopaedia of occupational health and safety : Volume II
The illustrated guide to safe patient handling and movement
Abstract.
Courthouse violence : protecting the judicial workplace
Safety, health and productivity of cold work : a management model, implementation and effects
Safety management : a comprehensive approach to developing a sustainable system
Health and safety in youth and community work : a pocket guide
Health and safety at work : a transnational history
Introduction to health and safety at work : the handbook for the NEBOSH national general certificate / c Phil Hughes, Ed Ferrett
Improving the forklift traffic safety at logistics terminal
Robots and robotic devices : Collaborative robots
Occupational health care
Safety of autonomous agricultural tractor-implement combinations with ISOBUS capabilities
Occupational health
Occupational safety and health in forestry : an international study
Summary.
The farm safety handbook
Legislation and enforcement
Preparing for forwarded ROPS -test
Sfs-käsikirja. 93-8, Koneiden turvallisuus : Safety of machinery. Osa 8: Ohjaimet, merkinantolaitteet, merkinantosignaalit, turvamerkinnät ; Manual controls, displays, signals, safety signs
Health and safety campaigning : experiences from across the European Union and tips on organising your own campaign : getting the message across
Promoting safety in industry : focus on informational campaigns and participative programs
Instructions for plate maker-welders
From protection to promotion : occupational health and safety in small-scale enterprises : international symposium, 4-6 May 1998, Helsinki, Finland
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs) : Osa 16: suorakäyttödialogi = Part 16: Direct manipulation dialogues
Hospitality supervision and leadership : level 3
Facilitating orientation : An Orientation Guide for Foreign Nurses Coming to Work in Nurmikoti Nursing Home
SBAR : Tool for Quality Reporting for Nursing Students
Overexposure : health hazards in photography
Managing human resources
1,3-butadiene : human health aspects
Safety shutdown systems : design, analysis, and justification
Introduction to occupational health and safety
The global personnel safety and security reporting of the European subsidiaries of Wärtsilä Corporation
Evaluating and choosing pneumatic screw drivers and nut runners
Occupation safety card : occupational safety in the shared workplace
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs) : Osa 17: Lomakepohjainen dialogi = Part 17: Form filling dialogues
Practical security in commerce and industry
Some uses of accident data in maritime occupational safety
Cost calculation model for work related accidents
Guide-lines on ergonomic study in forestry : prepared for research workers in developing countries
Agency information 2002/2003
Code of safe working practices : for Merchant Seamen
The manager's guide to health and safety at work
The sanctions for breaches of labour safety regulations in Finland
Flirting with disaster
Safety, health and productivity of cold work:a management model, implementation and effects
Principles and concepts in Nordic occupational safety and health policies : dimensions of strategic thinking and approaches
Safeskid : helpful hints for wheeled skidder owners and operators : recommendations
Construction, safety and campaigns : some notes on Finnish construction industry, its safety problems and possibilities of campaigns
Proceedings of the seminar on remote handling equipment for nuclear fuel cycle facilities, Oxford, 2nd-5th October 1984 = Compte rendu du séminaire sur le matériel de télémanipulation pour les installations du cycle du combustible nucléaire, Oxford, 2-5 Octobre 1984
Balance abilities of workers in physically demanding jobs : with special reference to firefighters of different ages
Principles of hotel and catering law
The artist's complete health & safety guide
Construction safety and health management
Koneturvallisuus : koneiden sähkölaitteisto. Osa 1, Yleiset vaatimukset : standardi SFS-EN 60204-1 = Safety of machinery : electrical equipment of machines. Part 1, General requirements : standard SFS-EN 60204-1
Safety performance is a complicated issue, particularly in high-hazard environments, where time and other constraints, as well as impacts can be exaggerated. From an organizational and business perspective, safety and production/performance are often seen as competing goals. Team Leadership in High-Hazard Environments recognizes these difficulties and constraints and proposes an approach to safety leadership in which safety and organizational performance are inextricably linked; one that addresses safety from both the systems and human factors perspectives. This is an important book that draws.
Contemporary security management
Chemistry : an industry-based laboratory manual
The healthy workplace initiative : a new deal for a better workplace
Abstract: The object of this bachelor's thesis was to study the prevalence of actualized protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior as well as to clarify carers' views on protective measures and client participation, and whether there are possibilities for empowerment. The setting for the study was Kuusela, a department offering care, guidance and rehabilitation to adults with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior. The theoretical framework for this study was based on values of the social field and the operating environment of Kuusela and how empowerment can be reached through participation and the right to subjectivity, self-determination, and dialog. Methods in acquiring the essential information were both qualitative and quantitative. Data on the prevalence of actualized protective measures was gathered through a documentary analysis. Data on carers' views on protective measures and client participation were gathered through a questionnaire consisting of a set of questions that were to be answered according to the Likert scale. The questionnaire also included two open-ended questions that required a written answer. The data were analysed according to qualitative content analysis. The results showed that the number of actualized protective measures had decreased from the year 2008 to 2010. Results on the carers' views showed that protective measures are needed and justified in their work. Although they seem conscious of the inhabitants' right to participatory working methods, it was not seen clearly in the everyday life. Obstacles in the implementation of this right were seen as being related to the inhabitants' shortcomings and the carers' attitudes and know-how. It can be concluded that continuous reflection on values and models of action is needed in order for the inhabitants' participation to be respected and implemented and for empowerment to be possible. The results showed that learning by living should be heightened through open professional discussions. The inhabitants' shortcomings should be dealt with in a professional manner and attitudes and knowledge on addressing these shortcomings should be dealt with through discussion and possibly through further training.
Encyclopaedia of occupational health and safety : Volume I
Health and safety for women and children
This is the first undergraduate textbook to provide a comprehensive overview of essential knowledge, skill, and attitudes about safety in nursing practice. It reflects the six areas of nursing competencies as developed by the Quality and Safety Education Program for Nurses (QSEN) initiative, which are currently required content in undergraduate nursing programs. Using an inter-professional focus, the book addresses the fundamental knowledge required of entry-level nurses in each of the six QSEN areas: quality improvement, patient safety, teamwork and collaboration, evidence-based practice, inf
Local occupational health and safety profiles and indicators : proceedings of an International Follow-up Workshop : 22-23 November 2002, Helsinki, Finland
The workplace. Vol. 2, Major industries and occupations
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Basic clinical laboratory techniques
Contemporary Ergonomics 2007
Forestry practice : a summary of methods of establishing, maintaining and harvesting forest crops with advice on planning and other managment considerations for owners
Safety, health and environmental manual for shipbuilding and offshore industry 2008
Occupational safety at industrial CO[sup 2] lasers
Enhancing innovative activities and tools for the manufacturing industry : illustrative and participative trials within work system cases
Human resources management in the hospitality industry. Study guide to accompany
Well-being at work on farms in Finland : stress, safety in animal handling and working conditions of women on dairy farms
Maintworld
Health and safety enforcement : law and practice
Occupational health and safety in construction project management
Active shooter : preparing for and responding to a growing threat
Learning about patient safety in pre-registration nursing education : comparing Finnish and British nursing students' evaluations
Introduction to health and safety at work : the handbook for the NEBOSH national general certificate
Office ergonomics : ease and efficiency at work
Building security : strategies & costs : risk assessment, security planning, cost data for construction & security systems
Russian greatpowerness : foreign policy, the two Chechen wars and international organisations
Occupational health and safety in automation and robotics : the proceedings of the 5th UOEH International Symposium, Kitakyushu, Japan, 20-21 September 1985
"This book addresses the need for security, how to identify the threat against and level of security needed to protect assets, and security theories and concepts used to provide an acceptable level of security. Security practices are intermingled with safety issues. OSHA and Fire Regulations complement an overall loss prevention program. This text introduces the Security practitioner to basic tenets of safety and safety management. Safety practitioners will find this book of value in understanding physical security theories, concerns, and practices"--
Introduction to international health and safety at work : the handbook for the NEBOSH international general certificate
