http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23198 performance practice
performance practice
In this study of the works of the undeservedly neglected composer Luigi Boccherini, Elisabeth Le Guin uses knowledge gleaned from her own playing of the cello as the keystone of her original approach to the relationship between music and embodiment. In analyzing the striking qualities of Boccherini's music - its virtuosity, repetitiveness, obesessively nuanced dynamics, delicate sonorities, and rich palette of melancholy affects - Le Guin develops a historicized critical method based on the physical experience of the performer. In the process, she redefines the temperament of the musical Enlightenment as one characterized by urgent volatile inquiries into the nature of the self." "Le Guin's discussion is historically grounded in the medicine, dance theory, and philosophy of eighteenth-century Paris and Madrid (the main cities of Boccherini's maturity) and approached through a range of voices - including minutely detailed phenomenologies of sensation, allusive episodes modeled on opera seria and the dialogues of Diderot, and the CD of sound examples performed by the author with harpsichordist Charles Sherman and with the Artaria String Quartet that is included with the book. Offering a fascinating view of music is role in the Western sense of body and self, Boccherini's Body also provides brilliant insights into the shifting dynamic among composers, performers, and audiences.
The registration of baroque organ music
Hidden faces of ancient Indian song
The end of early music : a period performer ́s history of music for the twenty-first century
Improvisation : its nature and practice in music
Performing Palestrina / from historical evidence to twenty-first century performance
Classical and Romantic performing practice 1750-1900
Performance on lute, guitar and vihuela : historical practice and modern interpretation
Popular music. 4, Performers and audiences
Sprechstimme in Arnold Schoenberg's Pierrot lunaire : a study of vocal performance practice
The pianist's guide to pedaling
Popular music : a yearbook. 4, Performers and audiences
Performing Beethoven
Performing baroque music on the classical guitar : a practical handbook based on historical sources
The pathetick musician : moving an audience in the Age of Eloquence
The music-related gestures of la danse grotesque in Rameau's Les sauvages
Interpreting Mozart on the keyboard
The virtual Haydn : paradox of a twenty-first century keyboardist
Abstract.
The performance of the basso continuo in Italian baroque music
The complete works. 7, Series VII, Theoretical writings. Versuch über die wahre Art das Clavier zu spielen
Baroque and piccolo trumpet : an historical analysis with emphasis on performance practice and teaching techniques
Ethiopian Christian liturgical chant : an anthology. Volume 2, Performance practice : the liturgical portions
Early music : approaches to performance practice
Bach tempo guide : with 200 practical exercises
Style and performance for bowed string instruments in French baroque music
French organ music from the revolution to Franck and Widor
Bach, the fencing master : reading aloud from the first three cello suites
A performer's guide to renaissance music
The weapons of rhetoric : a guide for musicians and audiences
Choral performance in pre-revolutionary Russia
A performer's guide to seventeenth-century music
Performance practice review
Performing Brahms : early evidence of performance style
A history of pianoforte pedalling
Baroque string playing : for ingenious learners
Source readings in music history. Vol. 5, The late eighteenth century
Performing baroque music
Choral music : history, style and performance practice
Performance practices : in early 20th century piano music
Performance practice : a dictionary-guide for musicians
Source readings in music history. Vol. 4, The Baroque era
Mendelssohn in performance
Fashions and legacies of nineteenth-century Italian opera
The keyboard sonatas of Joseph Haydn : instruments and performance practice, genres and styles
Hidden faces of ancient Indian song traces a progression from basic principles of sound to different kinds of musical composition, from simplicity to complexity, from the finer concepts of sound to their incorporation within different forms of music. The author delineates a vocabulary for expressing different qualities and aspects of manifest and unmanifest sound. As a focus for the physical approach to sound, three concepts are used: the ear, the mouth and the hand, representing sound, language and gesture. The author looks closely at Vedic accents in order to illustrate the relationship between two fundamental laws; between the law of three as demonstrated in the recitation of Vedic mantras, and the law of seven as used in various ancient ascending and descending scalar forms. The issue of style, as the expression of the concepts outlined earlier in the book, is also considered closely, where musical structures are examined alongside the use of many forms of tonal movement (gamaka).
Joseph Jongen and his organ music : : a performer's guide
Performance practices in classical piano music : featuring selections from the Anthology of classical piano music
Performing French classical musci : sources and applications
Performance practices : in baroque keyboard music
Charles Valentin Alkan : his life and his music
Historical harpsichord technique : developing la douceur du toucher
The guitar works of Fernando Sor
Musical performance : learning theory and pedagogy
Music in early English religious drama. Vol.  1, The heaven singing
Performance practice : music before 1600
Playing with history : the historical approach to musical performance
The song cycle
Text and act : essays on music and performance
Trilogy- Prokofiev's War Sonatas : a study on pianism diagnosis and performance practice
Sweetenings and Babylonish gabble : Flute vibrato and the Articulation of Fast Passages in the 18th and 19th Centuries
The rhetorical moaning : les sons glissés as musical gestures
The organ in recorded sound : history, sources, performance practice
Interpreting Bach at the keyboard
The baroque clarinet
Essays in honor of László Somfai on his 70th birthday : studies in the sources and the interpretation of music
Performance practices of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
Rhythmic alteration in seventeenth- and eighteenth-century music : notes inégales and overdotting
Early twentieth-century brass idioms : art, jazz, and other popular traditions : proceedings of the international conference presented by the Institute of Jazz Studies of Rutgers University and the Historic Brass Society, November 4-5, 2005
Aural skills acquisition : the development of listening, reading and performing skills in college-level musicians
Violin technique and performance practice in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries
The harmonic orator : the phrasing and rhetoric of the melody in French baroque airs
Early keyboard instruments : a practical guide
The art of performance
The interpretation of early music
W.A. Mozart : on the performance of the works for wind instruments, concertos, divertimentos, serenades, chamber music
Three sonatas & three partitas for solo violin, BWV 1001-1006 : scholarly performing edition
The early violin and viola : a practical guide
A history of performing pitch : the story of "A"
Music in performance and society : essays in honor of Roland Jackson
Brahms, the four symphonies
Exploring twentieth -century vocal music : a practical guide to innovations in performance and repertoire
The early music revival : a history
History, imagination, and the performance of music
The early flute : a practical guide
The art of keyboard playing in light of early Spanish sources
Eighteenth-century keyboard music
The record of singing. Vol. 2, 1914 to 1925
The practice of medieval music : studies in chant and performance
The Interpretation of Early Music
The historical performance of music : an introduction
Performance practices in romantic piano music : featuring selections from the Anthology of romantic piano music
In the late 1960s, a new movement emerged championing historically informed 'authentic' approaches to performance. Heard today in concert halls across the world and in a library's worth of recordings, it has completely transformed the way in which we listen to 'old' music, while revolutionizing the classical music profession in the process. Yet the rise of early music has been anything but uncontroversial. Historically informed performance (HIP) has provoked heated debate amongst musicologists, performers and cultural sociologists. Did HIP's scholar-performers possess the skills necessary to achieve their uncompromising agenda? Was interest in historically informed performance just another facet of the burgeoning heritage industry? And was the widespread promotion of early music simply a commercial ruse to make money put forward by profit-driven record companies?
Meter in music, 1600-1800 : performance, perception, and notation
The musical dialogue : thoughts on Monteverdi, Bach and Mozart
In India, music has never become a written art as it has in the West. Historically, music often seems to have been a means of communicating essential qualities, speaking in religious and mystical terms of what could not be put successfully into words. The tradition of music in India is a more encompassing concept than it is generally in the West; it includes a complex web of thoughts, ideas and philosophy that have influenced its practice.
After the golden age : romantic pianism and modern performance
The notation is not the music : reflections on early music practice and performance
Performance practices in impressionistic piano music : featuring selections from the Anthology of  impressionistic piano music
New essays on performance practice : by Frederick Neumann
In search of Bach's cantabile : the role and aspects of oratory and singing in keyboard interpretation
Stolen time : the history of tempo rubato
Images and ideas in modern French piano music : the extra-musical subtext in piano works by Ravel, Debussy and Messiaen
Treatise on vocal performance and ornamentation
Nineteenth-century piano music : essays in performance and analysis
The journal of musicology : JM
The interpretation of the music of the XVII and XVIII centuries : revealed by contempory evidence
Performance practices in classic piano music : their principles and applications
Interpretation of french music from 1675 to 1775 for woodwind and other performers : additional comments on german and italian music
Medieval and renaissance music : a performers's guide
Performance practices in the Classical era : as related by primary resources and as illustrated in the music of W.A. Mozart and Joseph Haydn
The secret life of musical notation : defying interpretive traditions
A performer's guide to medieval music
Inside early music : conversations with performers
Bach and the patterns of invention
Baroque music : style and performance : a handbook
The sounds of the silents in Britain
Performing Palestrina : from historical evidence to twenty-first century performance
Perspectives on Mozart performance
Verdi in performance : edited by Alison Latham and Roger Parker
Haydn's keyboard music : studies in performance practice
The interpretation of music
Bela Bartok's Fourteen bagatelles, op. 6 : determining performance authenticity
Source readings in music history. Vol. 6, The nineteenth century
Performance practice : music after 1600
A practical guide to historical performance : the renaissance
The Classical era, from 1751 to the 1830s and beyond, is one of the most revolutionary and creative times in the history of music. However, critical details about the performance of music during this extraordinary time have too often been lost to generations of re-interpretation, opinionated colorings, and changes in fashion and taste. In this remarkable volume, noted scholar and choral conductor, Dennis Shrock brings together in one place writings from more than 100 Classical-era authors and composers about performance practices of music during their time. These primary sources represent the entire time span of the Classical era, writings from throughout Europe and the United States, and details on virtually every type of performing medium and genre of composition common in the era. Dr. Shrock quotes from diaries, instruction books, dictionaries, letters, biographies, and essays all written during the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries. Dr. Shrock organizes all of these comments - complete with detailed music examples - in sections devoted to sound, tempo, articulation and phrasing, metric accentuation, rhythmic alteration, ornamentation, and expression. What emerges is an insightful and colorful portrait certain to assist anyone who seeks to better understand the music of Mozart, Haydn, and other noted composers. Performance Practices in the Classical Era is a vital resource for any conductor, performer, or aficionado of classical music.
The techniques of violin playing = Die Spieltechnik der Violine
Performance practices of early music
Performance practices : in classical piano music
J. S. Bach as organist : his instruments, music and performance practices
A performer's guide through historical keyboard tunings
The music of Johann Sebastian Bach : the sources, the style, the significance
Essays on the performance of Baroque music : opera and chamber music in France and England
Francisco Correa de Arauxo's Facultad organica, with special emphasis on the Second Tiento
The Woodshedding source book : The ultimate practice method for all Bb instruments
Bach's solo violin works : a performer's guide
Historical performance practices across the Pacific
Power performance for singers : transcending the barriers
Boccherini's body : an essay in carnal musicology
Finnish Music Quarterly 2002:1
Aspects of twentieth century performance practice : memories and reflections
Bach and the baroque : european source materials from the baroque and early classical periods with special emphasis on the music of J.S.Bach
Music und Sprache : Interpretation der Frühen Musik = Music and language : interpretation of early music according to traditional rules
Performing music : shared concerns
Playing the cello, 1780-1930
Musicking bodies : gesture and voice in Hindustani music
Iranian classical music : the discourses and practice of creativity
Musical performance : a guide to understanding
Timpani tone and the interpretation of baroque and classical music
The performance practice of Spanish renaissance keyboard music (Volume one: Text. Volume two: Musical examples)
John Cage's Theatre Pieces : notations and performances
Studies in the performance of late mediaeval music
Partimento and continuo playing in theory and in practice
The keyboard music of J.S. Bach
The complete idiot's guide to conducting music
Performing Bach's keyboard music
Upon a ground : improvisation on ostinato basses from the sixteenth to the eighteenth centuries
Johann Sebastian Bach : Das Kantatenwerk : Sacred Cantatas
Introduction to the art of singing
On performance practice : the texts from Florilegium primum, Florilegium secundum and Auserlesene Instrumentalmusik
Tempo indication in the piano music of Bela Bartok : notation and performance
Singing in style : a guide to vocal performance practices
From Renaissance to Baroque : change in instruments and instrumental music in the seventeenth century : proceedings of the National Early Music Association Conference held, in association with the Department of Music, University of York and the York Early Music Festival, at the University College of Ripon and York St. John, York, 2-4 July 1999
Playing the organ works of César Franck
The koto : a traditional instrument in contemporary Japan
The art of re-enchantment : making early music in the modern age
Theater as music : the bunraku play "Mt. Imo and Mt. Se: an exemplary tale of womanly virtue"
