http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23191 sports stores
sports stores
Olympism : selected writings
An introduction to biomechanics of sport and exercise
Becoming a supple leopard : the ultimate guide to resolving pain, preventing injury, and optimizing athletic performance
"When working with sports men and women, the biomechanist is faced with two apparently incompatible goals: reducing injury risk and improving sports performance. Now in a fully updated and revised edition, Sports Biomechanics introduces the fundamental principles that underpin our understanding of the biomechanics of both sports injury and performance, and explains how contemporary biomechanical science can be used to meet both of those goals simultaneously. The first four chapters of this book look closely at sports injury, including topics such as the properties of biological materials, mechanisms of injury occurrence, risk reduction, and the estimation of forces in biological structures. The last four chapters concentrate on the biomechanical enhancement of sports performance, including analytical techniques, statistical and mathematical modelling of sports movements, and the use of feedback to enhance sports performance. Drawing on the very latest empirical and epidemiological data, and including clear concise summaries, self test questions and guides to further reading in every chapter, this book is essential reading for all advanced undergraduate and postgraduate students with an interest in biomechanics, sports injury, sports medicine, physical therapy or performance analysis"--
Handbook of research on sport and business
Centennial international sport in critical focus : with particular reference to the Olympic movement
Marketing research for customer service development of a sport store
Driving business through sport : Europe's best selling sponsorship report. Part 2, Strategy & research
Perceived exertion
Biomechanics of skijumping
Abstract.
This great symbol : Pierre de Coubertin and the origins of the modern Olympic games
International cases in the business of sport
Olympiakisojen historia : Olympic century
Russia and the olympic movement : a study of Russian national identity as described in the newspaper Sovetskij Sport during the winter olympic games of 1988, 1992, 1994, and in the future winter olympic games of 2014
Sport tourism destinations : issues, opportunities and analysis
The Alexander technique manual : take control of your posture and your life
GoPro : professional guide to filmmaking
Mobile application as a potential key customer base
Winners and how they succeed
Sports procurement and its impact on the sports retail market in Finland, case Millet
Qualitative analysis of human movement
The International Olympic Committee and the modern olympic games : citius - altius -fortius
Sports in the cultural pattern of the world : a study of the 1952 Olympic Games at Helsinki
A game of two halves? : the business of football
Inside the Olympics : a behind-the-scenes look at the politics, the scandals, and the glory of the games
The sport business future
Money games : profiting from the convergence of sports and entertainment
This great symbol : Pierre de Coubertin and the origins of the modern olympic games
Sport business in the global marketplace
Sports business management : decision making around the globe
The research studies mobile applications as a key customer base and it is done for a Finnish sport retailer, Top-Sport Oy. The study examines if a mobile application could be used as a key customer base. The use of smartphones is in rapid growth and companies are increasingly interested in the use of social media and mobile applications. The commissioner does not have an existing key customer base. Technical issues are not discussed in this study. The study intends to show if a mobile application as a key customer base would be a viable solution. Customer needs and expectations are studied in the customer satisfaction survey. Also qualities of existing mobile applications and key customer mobile applications are benchmarked in the study. The study aims to reflect the current situation and future trends. Knowledge base of the thesis consists of mobile applications, growing mobile markets and the related theories. The applied research method is quantitative. Quantitative method has been utilized in the customer satisfaction survey. The survey was given to students of Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management through the intranet 11.12. - 17.12.2013. Total number of responses was 238. The customer satisfaction survey shows interest in a mobile application if an application is easy to download, the content is inviting and has the possibility of personification. The study clarifies new ways to create attractive and innovative content for a mobile application. The study indicates the need for further research, more covering interviews, technical product development and follow up of customer satisfaction after the product has been developed and taken into use.
Migration in globalized sport : Finnish ice hockey players in Russia
Biomechanics in sport : performance enhancement and injury prevention
Mechanics of sport : a practitioner's guide
The football business : the modern football classic
Sport, Peace and Development : International Worker Sport 1913-2013 ; a Festschrift Book in Honour of International Workers and Amateurs in Sports Confederation (CSIT)
Athens to Athens : the official history of the olympic games and the IOC, 1894-2004
The business of sport management
Sport as a business : international, professional and commercial aspects
Economics of sport and recreation
Parkour and Freerunning : discover your possibilities
The Olympic movement and the mass media
How people succeed - and how you can, too. Alastair Campbell knows all about winning. As Tony Blair's chief spokesman and strategist he helped guide the Labour Party to victory in three successive general elections, and he's fascinated by what it takes to win. How do sports stars excel, entrepreneurs thrive, or individuals achieve their ambition? Is their ability to win innate? Or is the winning mindset something we can all develop? Drawing on the wisdom of an astonishing array of talented people - from elite athletes to top managers, from rulers of countries to rulers of global business empires - Alastair Campbell uses his forensic skills, as well as his own experience of politics and sport, to get to the heart of success. He examines how winners tick. He considers how they build great teams. He analyses how they deal with unexpected setbacks and new challenges. He judges what the very different worlds of politics, business and sport can learn from one another. And he sets out a blueprint for winning that we can all follow.
The business of sport
Functional movement in orthopedic and sports physical therapy : evaluation, treatment and outcomes
Sports biomechanics : reducing injury risk and improving sports performance
The biomechanics of sports techniques
Sport business intelligence : case WRC Neste Oil Rally Finland
Study guide for motor learning and performance
Kinesthetic empathy in creative and cultural practices
Sports tourism
The economics of intercollegiate sports
Business of sports
Stability, sport, and performance movement : great technique without injury
Olympic education
A force measuring horse shoe applied in kinetic and kinematic analysis of the trotting horse
Driving business through sport : Europe's best selling sponsorship report. Part 1, European sports marketing data
Be careful what you wish for
Culture, politics and sport : blowing the whistle, revisited
Financing sport
101 things to see and do in Helsinki
The Sport of selling : highlight reel sport strategies for successful selling
The economics of sport : an international perspective
"The football business is changing while the game's traditional regulatory institutions are struggling to keep up with the problems raised by the sport's success. A Game of Two Halves? takes an incisive look at who runs football and where the increasing amounts of money that flow into the game actually go."--BOOK JACKET.
Sports tourism : participants, policy and providers
Show me the money! : how to make money from sports marketing
Physical fitness, sporting lifestyles and Olympic ideals : cross-cultural studies on youth sport in Europe
The Anatomy of exercise and movement for the study of dance, pilates, sport and yoga
Sport in the USSR : physical culture - visual culture
Sport funding and finance
Road to Valour : Gino Bartali : Tour de France legend and world war two hero
Structure and functions of international workers' sports movement : a study on present state of the CSIT and its member organizations in the beginning of the 1990's
Functional anatomy in sports
The economics of football
The Olympic games effect : how sports marketing builds strong brands
Suggestions to business planning process in HR-Horses
Business leadership and the lessons from sport
IMPROVEMENTS FOR THE OPERATION OF CHINESE FOOTBALL LEAGUE BY ANALYSING THE SUCCESS ASSETS OF ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
The economics of staging the Olympics : a comparison of the games, 1972-2008
Sport and exercise biomechanics
Foreign players in the Finnish football league 1970-2010
Sportbusiness international
The ultimate parkour & freerunning book : discover your possibilities
Economics, management, and optimization in sports
The Business of sport management
Outdoor action and adventure photography
Report of the ... Summer Session of the International Olympic Academy
On the mechanics of human movement with special reference to walking, running and jumping
People building peace: 35 inspiring stories from around the world
Fundamentals of sport marketing
A Business Plan for the Leisure Industry : Case: Wolverine Fitness Helsinki
The five STEPS to a winning mindset : what sport can teach us about great leadership
The second edition of this popular book presents a detailed economic analysis of professional football at club level, with new material included to reflect the development of the economics of professional football over the past ten years. Using a combination of economic reasoning and statistical and econometric analysis, the authors build upon the successes and strengths of the first edition to guide readers through the economic complexities and peculiarities of English club football. It uses a wide range of international comparisons to help emphasize both the broader relevance as well as the unique characteristics of the English experience. Topics covered include some of the most hotly debated issues currently surrounding professional football, including player salaries, the effects of management on team performance, betting on football, racial discrimination and the performance of football referees. This edition also features new chapters on the economics of international football, including the World Cup.
Leading teams : tools and techniques for successful team leadership from the sports world
Dynamic stretching : the revolutionary new warm-up method to improve power, performance and range of motion
