http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23185 instant messaging clients
instant messaging clients
140 characters : a style guide for the short form
A better tool for "Connecting People" : Microsoft Lync within Nokia
Professional Twitter development with examples in .NET 3.5
The Twitter book
International communications strategy : developments in cross-cultural communication, PR, and social media
Twitter API : up and running
Microsoft Lync server 2013 unleashed
Implementation of Microsoft Office Communicator and its effect to internal communication : case: Mehiläinen Oy
Digitization of the communication and its implications for marketing
The aim of this thesis was to find out how well Microsoft Office Communicator can help the employees of Mehiläinen Oy and will it change the communication culture within Mehiläinen Oy. Under the scrutiny were also the challenges concerning Mehiläinen Oy's ICT-infrastructure; can Office Communicator be installed on thin client environment. The needed equipment from the end users' point a view was also introduced. One part of the thesis was to install the needed software for the test group and make Office Communicator familiar to the end-users. The workstation installations of Office Communicator were carried out mainly remotely by the author of the thesis. Short introduction to the end-users were given alongside with the installation. The research method used was case study. At the end of the installation project, some of the key persons of the test group were interviewed. The theory covers the challenges of future work place and deals with the fact that work is not tied to a place and time. Also team work is mentioned in the theory, because of the PR-departments role in the OC test group. Based on the experiences of the author and the interviews made to the key persons, the answers to the research problems of the thesis were solved. According to the findings it can be said that the OC has helped the employees of the Mehiläinen Oy. OC instant messaging has had little influence on emails and phone calls. Video Conference calls have not decreased work-related travelling significantly, since teams have used Sonera Anytime con-ference calls before OC. However the interviewees felt that OC Video Conference Calls has made the remote meetings more pleasant and easier to organize. The Office Communicator 2007 client can only be installed on PC or laptop, since all the features were not possible to use in Thin Client. The recommendation for the future is to spread the user group to cover all the laptop and PC users. The Live Meeting client should be taken in use to improve the video conference meet-ings. The possibilities to bring OC part of the Citrix environment should be examined in the future.
"This groundbreaking book provides you with the skills and resources necessary to build web applications for Twitter."--Publishers description.
