http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23133 cognitive neuroscience
cognitive neuroscience
Social intelligence : from brain to culture
The neurology of consciousness : cognitive neuroscience and neuropathology
Forty years ago, Israeli psychologists Daniel Kahneman and Amos Tversky wrote a series of studies undoing our assumptions about the decision-making process. Their papers showed the ways in which the human mind erred, systematically, when forced to make judgments in uncertain situations. Their work created the field of behavioral economics, revolutionized Big Data studies, advanced evidence-based medicine, led to a new approach to government regulation, and made much of Michael Lewis's own work possible. Kahneman and Tversky are more responsible than anybody for the powerful trend to mistrust human intuition and defer to algorithms. The Undoing Project is about a collaboration between two men who became heroes in the university and on the battlefield -- both had important careers in the Israeli military -- and whose research was deeply linked to their extraordinary life experiences. Amos Tversky was a brilliant, self-confident warrior and extrovert, the center of rapt attention in any room; Kahneman, a fugitive from the Nazis in his childhood, was an introvert whose questing self-doubt was the seedbed of his ideas. They worked together so closely that they couldn't remember whose brain originated which ideas, or who should claim credit. They flipped a coin to decide the lead authorship on the first paper they wrote, and simply alternated thereafter. This story about the workings of the human mind is explored through the personalities of two fascinating individuals so fundamentally different from each other that they seem unlikely friends or colleagues. In the process they may well have changed, for good, mankind's view of its own mind.
Cognitive deficits and the Paced Auditory Serial Addition Test performance among patients with multiple sclerosis
The Wiley Handbook on the Cognitive Neuroscience of Learning charts the evolution of associative analysis and the neuroscientific study of behavior as parallel approaches to understanding how the brain learns that both challenge and inform each other. Covers a broad range of topics while maintaining an overarching integrative approach. Includes contributions from leading authorities in the fields of cognitive neuroscience, associative learning, and behavioral psychology. Extends beyond the psychological study of learning to incorporate coverage of the latest developments in neuroscientific research.
Fundamentals of cognitive neuroscience : a beginner's guide
Cognition, brain, and consciousness : introduction to cognitive neuroscience
Reductionism in art and brain science : bridging the two cultures
Abstract.
Sensory cue integration
Psychiatry as cognitive neuroscience : philosophical perspectives
The orienting response in information processing
Dynamics of brain activity underlying working memory for music in a naturalistic condition
Consciousness and the brain : deciphering how the brain codes our thoughts
This collection examines the many internal and external factors affecting cognitive processes. Editor Shulamith Kreitler brings together a wide range of international contributors to produce an outstanding assessment of recent research in the field. These contributions go beyond the standard approach of examining the effects of motivation and emotion to consider the contextual factors that may influence cognition. These broad and varied factors include personality, genetics, mental health, biological evolution, culture and social context. By contextualizing cognition, this volume draws out the practical applications of theoretical cognitive research while bringing separate areas of scholarship into meaningful dialogue.
The cognitive neuroscience of memory : an introduction
Neuroscience for organizational change : an evidence-based practical guide to managing change
The physiology of cognitive processes
Perception, action, and consciousness : sensorimotor dynamics and two visual systems
Feeling beauty : the neuroscience of aesthetic experience
Milestones in the history of aphasia : theories and protagonists
This book is devoted to the application of advanced signal processing on event-related potentials (ERPs) in the context of electroencephalography (EEG) for the cognitive neuroscience. ERPs are usually produced through averaging single-trials of preprocessed EEG, and then, the interpretation of underlying brain activities is based on the ordinarily averaged EEG. We find that randomly fluctuating activities and artifacts can still present in the averaged EEG data, and that constant brain activities over single trials can overlap with each other in time, frequency and spatial domains. Therefore, before interpretation, it will be beneficial to further separate the averaged EEG into individual brain activities. The book proposes systematic approaches pre-process wavelet transform (WT), independent component analysis (ICA), and nonnegative tensor factorization (NTF) to filter averaged EEG in time, frequency and space domains to sequentially and simultaneously obtain the pure ERP of interest. Software of the proposed approaches will be open-accessed.
This is the fully revised and updated second edition of the very successful introductory textbook on cognitive neuroscience. Written by two leading experts in the field, this textbook book takes a unique thematic approach to introduce concepts of cognitive neurosciences, guiding students along a clear path to understand the latest findings whether or not they have a background in neuroscience. New to this edition are Frontiers in Cognitive Neuroscience text boxes; each one focuses on a leading researcher and their topic of expertise. There is a new chapter on Genes and Molecules of Cognition, and all other chapters have been thoroughly revised, based on the most recent discoveries. This title is the new edition of a very successful textbook. It is completely revised to reflect new advances, and feedback from adopters and students. It includes a new chapter on Genes and Molecules of Cognition. For teachers: Rapid adoption and course preparation - a wide array of instructor support materials are available online including PowerPoint lecture slides, a test bank with answers, and eFlashcords on key concepts for each chapter. It is a textbook with an easy-to-understand thematic approach: in a way that is clear for students from a variety of academic backgrounds, the text introduces concepts such as working memory, selective attention, and social cognition. It includes a step-by-step guide for introducing students to brain anatomy: color graphics have been carefully selected to illustrate all points and the research explained. Beautifully clear artist's drawings are used to 'build a brain' from top to bottom, simplifying the layout of the brain. For students: This is an easy-to-read, complete introduction to mind-brain science: all chapters begin from mind-brain functions and build a coherent picture of their brain basis. A single, widely accepted functional framework is used to capture the major phenomena.
The education revolution : how to apply brain science to improve instruction and school climate
Cognitive science : contributions to educational practice
Advances in cognitive engineering and neuroergonomics
The cognitive neuroscience of memory : encoding and retrieval
Social : why our brains are wired to connect
Cognitive neuroscience of language
History of cognitive neuroscience
When we're thinking about how the brain works, why do we believe that one explanation is better than another? Is the majority view necessarily the correct view? In Controversies in Cognitive Neuroscience, Scott Slotnick tackles the most contentious debates within the exciting and fast-paced field of cognitive neuroscience. Student-focused and sympathetically written, its deep engagement with cutting-edge debates will help you develop your critical thinking skills. Providing evidence from both sides of each debate, the book covers essential topics such as long-term memory, working memory, language, perception, and attention. By helping you to weigh up the evidence and choose the most compelling answer, Controversies in Cognitive Neuroscience will enhance your analytical skills. With its unique debate format and a wealth of illustrations, the book brings to life the key issues that are sparking debate within psychology and neuroscience.
Handbook of the neuroscience of aging
The predictive mind
Neurocognitive processing of inflected and derived words
A comprehensive survey of the latest neuroscientific research into the effects of music on the brain * Covers a variety of topics fundamental for music perception, including musical syntax, musical semantics, music and action, music and emotion* Includes general introductory chapters to engage a broad readership, as well as a wealth of detailed research material for experts* Offers the most empirical (and most systematic) work on the topics of neural correlates of musical syntax and musical semantics* Integrates research from different domains (such as music, language, action and emotion both theoretically and empirically, to create a comprehensive theory of music psychology.
Freudian unconscious and cognitive neuroscience : from unconscious fantasies to neural algorithms
Mirrors in the brain : how our minds share actions and emotions
The brain
This text offers a comprehensive guide to cognitive neuroscience. Chapters cover all aspects of the field - the neural framework, sight, sound, consciousness, learning/memory, problem solving, speech, executive control, emotions, socialization and development. Throughout the text case studies and everyday examples are used to help understand the more challenging aspects of the material. The text takes a thematic approach.
Neuropsychological research : a review
"As the pace of change in organizations increases, leaders and HR personnel must support their employees, show understanding as to why employees might react in a certain way, what they need from their working relationships, and how staff might be better motivated. Neuroscience can offer insights into all these issues. Neuroscience for Organizational Change shows how to take the findings from neuroscience and put them into action by looking at the importance of communicating change effectively through storytelling, explaining how better understanding of the brain enables better planning of organizational change, managing emotions, and creating a feeling of social connection that employees can draw on for support during times of change. Each chapter includes illustrations, solutions and examples of what other companies have done, and questions/checklist at the end"--
From exposure to purchase : understanding the interaction of affect and cognition in consumer decision making
Cognitive representations in the sensory and memory systems of the human brain : evidence from brain damage and MEG
Grounding sociality : neurons, mind, and culture
The future of the mind : the scientific quest to understand, enhance and empower the mind
Simulating minds : the philosophy, psychology, and neuroscience of mindreading
"Linguistics, neurocognition, and phenomenological psychology are fundamentally different fields of research. Helmut Schnelle provides an interdisciplinary understanding of a new integrated field in which linguists can be competent in neurocognition and neuroscientists in structure linguistics. Consequently the first part of the book is a systematic introduction to the function of the form and meaning-organising brain component - with the essential core elements being perceptions, actions, attention, emotion and feeling. Their descriptions provide foundations for experiences based on semantics and pragmatics. The second part is addressed to non-linguists and presents the structural foundations of currently established linguistic frameworks. This book should be serious reading for anyone interested in a comprehensive understanding of language, in which evolution, functional organisation and hierarchies are explained by reference to brain architecture and dynamics"--Provided by publisher.
Patient-based approaches to cognitive neuroscience
The genius engine : where memory, reason, passion, violence, and creativity intersect in the human brain
Learning and cognition in education
"The Final Volume of the Groundbreaking Trilogy on Agent-Based ModelingIn this pioneering synthesis, Joshua Epstein introduces a new theoretical entity: Agent Zero. This software individual, or "agent," is endowed with distinct emotional/affective, cognitive/deliberative, and social modules. Grounded in contemporary neuroscience, these internal components interact to generate observed, often far-from-rational, individual behavior. When multiple agents of this new type move and interact spatially, they collectively generate an astonishing range of dynamics spanning the fields of social conflict, psychology, public health, law, network science, and economics.Epstein weaves a computational tapestry with threads from Plato, Hume, Darwin, Pavlov, Smith, Tolstoy, Marx, James, and Dostoevsky, among others. This transformative synthesis of social philosophy, cognitive neuroscience, and agent-based modeling will fascinate scholars and students of every stripe. Epstein's computer programs are provided in the book or on its Princeton University Press website, along with movies of his "computational parables." Agent Zero is a signal departure in what it includes (e.g., a new synthesis of neurally grounded internal modules), what it eschews (e.g., standard behavioral imitation), the phenomena it generates (from genocide to financial panic), and the modeling arsenal it offers the scientific community. For generative social science, Agent Zero presents a groundbreaking vision and the tools to realize it"--
Explaining the brain : mechanisms and the mosaic unity of neuroscience
The neurocognition of dance : mind, movement and motor skills
Language, music, and the brain : a mysterious relationship
The Wiley handbook on the cognitive neuroscience of learning
Brain and music
Neuroergonomics : a cognitive neuroscience approach to human factors and ergonomics
How to explain a brain : an educator's handbook of brain terms and cognitive processes
Frontiers of neurology : a symposium in honor of Fred Plum
Cognitive psychology
Connections : brain, mind, and culture in a social anthropology
"A breathtaking look at the new science that can track consciousness deep in the brain How does our brain generate a conscious thought? And why does so much of our knowledge remain unconscious? Thanks to clever psychological and brain-imaging experiments, scientists are closer to cracking this mystery than ever before. In this lively book, Stanislas Dehaene describes the pioneering work his lab and the labs of other cognitive neuroscientists worldwide have accomplished in defining, testing, and explaining the brain events behind a conscious state. We can now pin down the neurons that fire when a person reports becoming aware of a piece of information and understand the crucial role unconscious computations play in how we make decisions. The emerging theory enables a test of consciousness in animals, babies, and those with severe brain injuries. A joyous exploration of the mind and its thrilling complexities, Consciousness and the Brain will excite anyone interested in cutting-edge science and technology and the vast philosophical, personal, and ethical implications of finally quantifying consciousness"--
Social neuroscience : toward understanding the underpinnings of the social mind
From brain to mind : using neuroscience to guide change in education
The year in cognitive neuroscience 2008
Cognition and motivation : forging an interdisciplinary perspective
The self in neuroscience and psychiatry
The Oxford handbook of philosophy of cognitive science
The cognitive neurosciences
"The aim of "Freudian Unconscious and Cognitive Neuroscience" is to create a conception of the Freudian things around the unconscious that takes seriously both the clinical data gathered in the scope of psychoanalytic clinical practice during the past 110 years, and the empirical and theoretical achievements of cognitive science and evolutionary theory. Tensions between the psychoanalytic and other views give a hint that the task is anything but easy."--BOOK JACKET.
Neuroeconomics : decision making and the brain
Psychoanalysis as an empirical, interdisciplinary science : collected papers on contemporary psychoanalytic research
The undoing project : a friendship that changed our minds
Advanced signal processing on brain event-related potentials : filtering ERPs in time, frequency and space domains sequentially and simultaneously
The student's guide to cognitive neuroscience
Cognition and the brain : the philosophy and neuroscience movement
Neurotransmitter interactions and cognitive function
Control of cognitive processes : attention and performance XVIII
Embodied minds in action
The undoing project : a friendship that changed the world
Measures and models of top-down influences in the human auditory cortex
Neural dynamics of morphosyntactic and morphophonological processing during online sentence comprehension
Minds, brains and learning : understanding the psychological and educational relevance of neuroscientific research
Progress in biological psychology research
Moral psychology. Volume 3, The neuroscience of morality : emotion, brain disorders, and development
Neurological foundations of cognitive neuroscience
The boundaries of Babel : the brain and the enigma of impossible languages
EEG and thinking : power and coherence analysis of cognitive processes
Kluge : the haphazard evolution of the human mind
The year in cognitive neuroscience 2009
The cognitive neuroscience of consciousness
Unity of knowledge : the convergence of natural and human science
Brain, mind, and the structure of reality
Brain oscillatory responses during a brand-related working memory task : a neuromarketing study
Neuroscience of creativity
"Understanding how employees' brains work enables organizations to build cultures, design structures and processes that help people to be more innovative, productive and engaged. This has lasting impact in terms of meeting business objectives and becoming an employer of choice. We need to change the way we manage change in organizations: by understanding the brain we can do this better. Neuroscience brings a new lens through which to look at people and to understand why they react to situations in a certain way, what they need from work relationships to perform at their best, and how they might be better motivated. Neuroscience for Organizational Change not only provides evidence that will persuade the most sceptical of leaders but also provides many practical examples of how to apply the insights. The book provides a 'win-win': it will enable the organization to improve performance and also help to support the mental and emotional well-being of employees. Amongst other areas, Neuroscience for Organizational Change explores why we find organizational change difficult and what we can do to keep people focused and performing at their best. It looks at our need for social connection at work, the essential role that leaders and managers play, how best to manage emotions and reduce bias to avoid making flawed decisions, and why we need communication, involvement and storytelling to help us through change. It also sets out a new science-based planning tool, SPACES, to enhance motivation"--
Conscious will and responsibility
Mental mechanisms : philosophical perspectives on cognitive neuroscience
Who's in charge? : free will and the science of the brain
An introduction to the event-related potential technique
Language in the brain
Agent zero : toward neurocognitive foundations for generative social science
Neurocognitive functions in late middle-aged patients with childhood-onset epilepsy : a population-based study
The actor, image, and action : acting and cognitive neuroscience
"History of Cognitive Neuroscience" documents the major neuroscientific experiments and theories over the last century and a half in the domain of cognitive neuroscience, and evaluates the cogency of the conclusions that have been drawn from them. This book provides a companion work to the highly acclaimed "Philosophical Foundations of Neuroscience" - combining scientific detail with philosophical insights. It views the evolution of brain science through the lens of its principal figures and experiments. It addresses philosophical criticism of Bennett and Hacker's previous book. It is accompanied by more than 100 illustrations.
The limits of mechanistic explanation in neurocognitive sciences
