http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23180 Manichaeism
Manichaeism
Antecedents and development of Buddhist and Manichean Turkish art in Eastern Turkestan and Kansu
Gnosticism and Christianity in Roman and Coptic Egypt
Kellis literary texts. Vol. 2
Manichaeism : an ancient faith rediscovered
Pentadic redaction in the Manichaean Kephalaia
Religions of late antiquity in practice
Emerging from darkness : studies in the recovery of Manichaean sources
Ritual, magic, liturgy, and theurgy were central features of Gnosticism, and yet Gnostic practices remain understudied. This anthology is meant to fill in this gap and address more fully what the ancient Gnostics were doing. While previously we have studied the Gnostics as intellectuals in pursuit of metaphysical knowledge, the essays in this book attempt to understand the Gnostics as ecstatics striving after religious experience, as prophets seeking revelation, as mystics questing after the ultimate God, as healers attempting to care for the sick and diseased. These essays demonstrate that the Gnostics were not necessarily trendy intellectuals seeking epistomological certainities. They were after religious experiences that relied on practices. The book is organized comparatively in a history-of-religions approach with sections devoted to Initiatory, Recurrent, Therapeutic, Ecstatic, and Philosophic Practices. This book celebrates the brilliant career of Birger A. Pearson.
Manichaeism in Central Asia and China
Manichaeism and its legacy
Jesus in the Manichaean writings
Although St. Anthony the Great, St. Athanasius of Alexandria, and the Desert Fathers have received considerable attention in early Christian studies, St. Sarapion of Thmuis has remained in relative obscurity. This book introduces the thought of this early Egyptian monastic bishop, highlighting the importance of both Sarapion's biblical hermeneutics and his utilization of Stoic philosophy. It includes an argument for Sarapion's authorship of the Letter to the Monks as well as translations of Sarapion's three extant writings: Letter to Bishop Eudoxios, Letter to the Monks, and Against the Manichaeans.
Dictionary of Manichaean texts. Vol. 3, Texts from Central Asia and China, Part 1 : dictionary of Manichaean Middle Persian and Parthian
'In search of truth' : Augustine, Manichaeism and other gnosticism : studies for Johannes van Oort at sixty
Sarapion of Thmuis : Against the Manicheans and Pastoral letters
Humanism in medieval concepts of man and society
Historia religionum : handbook for the history of religions. Vol. 1, Religions of the past
Shiruku Rōdo to sekaishi = World history reconsidered through the Silk Road
Manichaean homilies : with an number of hitherto unpublished fragments
In Mani at the Court of the Persian Kings the authors explore evidence arising from their project to edit the Chester Beatty Kephalaia codex. This new text presents Mani at the heart of Sasanian Iran in dialogue with its sages and nobles, acting as a cultural mediator between East and West and interpreter of Christian, Iranian, and Indian traditions. Nine chapters study Mani's appropriation of the 'law of Zarades' and of Iranian epic; suggest a new understanding of his last days; and analyse his formative role in the history of late antique religions. These interdisciplinary studies advance research in several fields and will be of interest to scholars of Manichaeism, Sasanian Iran, and the development of religions in Late Antiquity.
The Chinese transformation of Manichaeism : a study of Chinese Manichaean terminology
The Kephalaia of the teacher : the edited Coptic Manichaean texts in translation with commentary
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part 1, vol. 20, Answer to Faustus, a Manichean = (Contra Faustum Manichaeum)
Kellis literary texts. Vol. 1
The Hymn of the pearl : the Syriac and Greek texts : with introduction, translations, and notes
Coptic studies on the threshold of a new millennium : proceedings of the Seventh International Congress of Coptic Studies, Leiden, August 27-September 2, 2000
This volume on the Hymn of the Pearl, an early Syriac hymn preserved in the Acts of Thomas, contains an illuminating introduction, fresh translations, copious notes and facsimiles of the original Syriac and Greek texts, published here in convenient format for the first time. The study explores the significance of the hymn for understanding Gnosticism and Manichaeism and argues that the hymn is one of the best examples of the basic Gnostic soteriological myth.
Augustine and Manichaean Christianity : selected papers from the first South African Conference on Augustine of Hippo, University of Pretoria, 24-26 April 2012
Contains eight works of Augustine of Hippo written against the Manicheans. Augustine's "Answer to Faustus, a Manichean", a huge work containing thirty-three books, will follow in the next volume of this section of the current series.
Practicing Gnosis : ritual, magic, theurgy, and liturgy in Nag Hammadi, Manichaean and other ancient literature : essays in honor of Birger A. Pearson
The great Vohu Manah and the apostle of God : studies in Iranian and Manichaean religion
Studies in Manichaean literature and art
History and religion in late antique Syria
Dictionary of Manichaean texts. Vol. 2, Texts from Iraq and Iran : (Texts in Syriac, Arabic, Persian and Zoroastrian Middle Persian)
Mystery and secrecy in the Nag Hammadi collection and other ancient literature : ideas and practices : studies for Einar Thomassen at sixty
Coptica - Gnostica - Manichaica : mélanges offerts à Wolf-Peter Funk
The Manichaean body in discipline and ritual
Mani in Dublin : selected papers from the Seventh International Conference of the International Association of Manichaean Studies in the Chester Beatty Library, Dublin, 8-12 September 2009
Mani's pictures : the didactic images of the Manichaeans from Sasanian Mesopotamia to Uygur Central Asia and Tang-Ming China
Manichaeism in the later Roman empire and medieval China
Based on several newly discovered texts, Augustine and Manichaean Christianity provides groundbreaking discussions of the relationship between the most influential church father of the West and the religion of his formative years. Augustine's connection with Manichaean Christians was not only intense, but also enduring. This book unearths the essential background of writings such as Augustine's Confessiones, De ordine and De vera religione, and discloses many a hidden Manichaean source of his powerful concepts of memory and the vision of God. Contributions by, among others, Iain Gardner, Therese Fuhrer, Jason BeDuhn, Majella Franzmann, Josef Lössl, Annemaré Kotzé and Nils Arne Pedersen.
The paraphrase of Shem (NH VII, 1) : introduction, translation, and commentary
Mani, the Angel and the Column of Glory : an anthology of Manichaean texts
The founder of Manichaeism, Mani (216-274/277 CE), not only wrote down his teachings to prevent their adulteration, but also created a set of paintings—the Book of Pictures—to be used in the context of oral instruction. That pictorial handscroll and its later editions became canonical art for Mani's followers for a millennium afterwards. This richly illustrated study systematically explores the artistic culture of religious instruction of the Manichaeans based on textual and artistic evidence. It discusses the doctrinal themes (soteriology, prophetology, theology, and cosmology) depicted in Mani's canonical pictures. Moreover, it identifies 10th-century fragments of canonical picture books, as well as select didactic images adapted to other, non-canonical art objects (murals, hanging scrolls, mortuary banners, and illuminated liturgical manuscripts) in Uygur Central Asia and Tang-Ming China.
New light on Manichaeism : papers from the sixth International Congress on Manichaeism ; organized by the International Association of Manichaean Studies
Studia Manichaica : IV. Internationaler Kongress zum Manichäismus, Berlin, 14.-18. juli 1997
Cosmology and fate in gnosticism and Graeco-Roman antiquity : under pitiless skies
Augustine's Manichaean dilemma. 1, Conversion and apostasy, 373-388 C.E
In 2009 the Seventh International Conference of Manichaean Studies was held at the Chester Beatty Library in Dublin. The 22 selected papers of this volume offer a deep insight into the faith of Manichaean communities ranging from the very beginning of the 3rd century up to the last traces of worship today. Among others the authors deal with sources from Augustin, John the Grammarian, Ephrem the Syrian and further sources written in Coptic, Sogdian, Middle Persian, Parthian and Chinese. Several studies about Manichaean art and iconography offer a visual impression, which gives a new opportunity for understanding the religion of Light.
Codex Judas papers : proceedings of the International Congress on the Tchacos Codex held at Rice University, Houston, Texas, March 13-16, 2008
Frontiers of faith : the Christian encounter with Manichaeism in the Acts of Archelaus
Dictionary of Manichaean texts. Vol. 3, Texts from Central Asia and China. Part 2, Dictionary of Manichaean Sogdian and Bactrian
Augustine and Manichaeism in the Latin West : proceedings of the Fribourg-Utrecht symposium of the international Association of Manichaean studies (IAMS)
Manichean studies : proceedings of the 1st international conference on Manichaeism, August 5-9, 1987, Department of History of Religions, Lund University, Sweden
Augustine's Confessions : communicative purpose and audience
Mediaeval Manichaean book art : a codiocological study of Iranian and Turkic illuminated book fragments from 8th-11th century east Central Asia
Augustine's Manichaean dilemma. 2. Making a "Catholic" self, 388-401 C.E
Gnosis : an introduction
Manichaica selecta : studies presented to professor Julien Ries on the occasion of his seventieth birthday
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part 1, vol. 19, The Manichean debate
Dictionary of Manichaean texts. Vol. 3, Texts from Central Asia and China. Part 4, Dictionary of Manichaean texts in Chinese
Mani and Manichaeism
Founded by Mani (c. AD 216–276), a Syrian visionary of Judaeo-Christian background who lived in Persian Mesopotamia, Manichaeism spread rapidly into the Roman Empire in the third and fourth centuries AD and became one of the most persecuted heresies under Christian Roman emperors. The religion established missionary cells in Syria, Egypt, North Africa and Rome and has in Augustine of Hippo the most famous of its converts. The study of the religion in the Roman Empire has benefited from discoveries of genuine Manichaean texts from Medinet Madi and from the Dakhleh Oasis in Egypt, as well as successful decipherment of the Cologne Mani-Codex which gives an autobiography of the founder in Greek. This 2004 book is a single-volume collection of sources for this religion, and draws from material mostly unknown to English-speaking scholars and students, offers in translation genuine Manichaean texts from Greek, Latin and Coptic.
Manichaean texts from the Roman Empire
Images of rebirth : cognitive poetics and transformational soteriology in the Gospel of Philip and the Exegesis of the Soul
Psalm book : the Manichaean Coptic papyri in the Chester Beatty Library. Pt. 2, Fasc. 1, Die Bema-Psalmen
Biblical argument in Manichaean missionary practice : the case of Adimantus and Augustine
The light and the darkness : studies in manichaeism and its world
Mani at the court of the Persian kings : studies on the Chester Beatty Kephalaia Codex
Nicene and post-Nicene Fathers. Vol. 4, Augustin: The writings against the Manichaens, and against the Donatists : first series
