http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23153 duration of action
duration of action
Ordinary lifestyles : popular media, consumption and taste
The Platonic tradition in the Middle Ages : a doxographic approach
Lollards and their influence in late medieval England
Encounters of the children of Abraham from ancient to modern times
Boethius
The house of wisdom : how the Arabs transformed Western civilization
Aspects of power and authority in the Middle Ages
Recalling the past - (re)constructing the past : collective and individual memory of World War II in Russia and Germany
A rural society after the Black Death : Essex 1350-1525
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
Medievalism : the Middle Ages in modern England
The Enlightenment : and why it still matters
Classical Victorians : scholars, scoundrels and generals in pursuit of antiquity
Hybride Kulturen im mittelalterlichen Europa : Vortr채ge und Workshops einer internationalen Fr체hlingsschule = Hybrid cultures in medieval Europe : papers and workshops of an international spring school
Medievalism : key critical terms
First snow season in Rovaniemi : economic impacts 2007 and tourist profile 2008
The year 2000 problem solver : a five-step disaster prevention plan
Reduced working hours : reshaping the duration, timing and tempo of work
What is time? How has our relationship to time changed through history and how does time structure our social lives? In this introduction, Barbara Adam explores the changing ways in which time has been understood and how this knowledge is embedded in cultural practices. She takes the reader on a journey of discovery that extends from ancient mythology and classical philosophy to the contemporary social world of high-speed computer networks and globalized social relations. The book poses key questions about the nature of time, how it is conceptualized, what it means in practice and how the parameters set by nature have been transcended across the ages by the human quest for time know-how and control. It provides the reader with a good basis for understanding the role of time in contemporary social life. This book assumes no previous knowledge. Through its broad perspective and transdisciplinary approach it provides an accessible and wide-ranging introduction for students and teachers across the social sciences.
Second home tourism in Finland : perceptions of citizens and municipalities on the state and development of second home tourism
The modern origins of the early Middle Ages
Game of queens : the women who made sixteenth-century Europe
Day and night
Work time regulation as a sustainable full employment strategy : the social effort bargain
Old concepts and new poetics : historia, argumentum, and fabula in the twelfth- and early thirteenth-century Latin poetics of fiction
Epidemiologic studies on overweight and obesity in adolescents : the role of early-life risk factors, eating patterns and common genetic variants
Classical influences on European culture. 1, A.D. 500-1500 : proceedings of an international conference held at King's College, Cambridge April 1969
The pleasures of sociology
Gender and the politics of time : feminist theory and contemporary debates
Norman tradition and transcultural heritage : exchange of cultures in the 'Norman' peripheries of medieval Europe
Victorian Britain set out to make the ancient world its own. This is the story of how it failed. It is the story of the headmaster who bludgeoned his wife to death, then calmly sat down to his Latin. It is the story of the embittered classical prodigy who turned to gin and opium - and the virtuoso forger who fooled the greatest scholars of the age. It is a history of hope: a general who longed to be an Homeric hero, a bankrupt poet who longed to start a revolution. Victorian classicism was defined by hope - but shaped by uncertainty. Packed with forgotten characters and texts, with the roar of the burlesque-stage and the mud of the battlefield, this book offers a rich insight into nineteenth-century culture and society. It explores just how difficult it is to stake a claim on the past.
The influence of Islam on Medieval Europe
Temporal matters in social psychology : examining the role of time in the lives of groups and individuals
Old worlds encounters : cross-cultural contacts and exchanges in pre-modern times
"Examines the processes of acceleration in politics, economic, culture, and society at large. Focuses on why and how the high-speed contours of crucial forms of social activity now shape so many facets of human existence, and suggests possible responses"--Provided by publisher.
The practice of the Bible in the Middle Ages : production, reception, and performance in Western Christianity
Rome across time and space : cultural transmission and the exchange of ideas, c. 500-1400
The relationship between work stress and leisure-time physical activity among hospital personnel : a prospective study on Karasek's job strain model
The English and the Norman conquest
Colonial Ireland in medieval English literature
Classical rhetoric and its Christian and secular tradition from ancient to modern times
Flexibility through 6-hour shifts : summary of the 6+6 project
The significant detail : Europeanization at the base of society : the case of the Baltic rim 1100-1400 AD : transactions of the CCC workshops at Sk채ftek채rr in Sweden 7-10 October 1999, and at Tukums in Latvia 15-18 April 2000
Perfect
Studies in Byzantine and medieval Western art
The medieval soldier in the wars of the roses
1434 : the year a magnificent Chinese fleet sailed to Italy and ignited the Renaissance
Chaucerian polity : absolutist lineages and associational forms in England and Italy
Working Time in Europe - towards a European Working Time Policy : international conference 11-12 October 1999 Finlandia Hall, Helsinki, Finland : Conference Report
The influence of the weather on consumer buying behaviour
Time, society, and the course of new technologies
Parental Communication Deviance as a risk factor for thought disorders and schizophrenia spectrum disorders in offspring:The Finnish Adoptive Family Study
The friars : the impact of the early mendicant movement on Western society
Working time : research and development 1995-1997 : a review of literature (1995-1997) commissioned by the European Commission and the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions
The economics of recreation, leisure and tourism
Christian Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Vol. 2, 900-1050
The sociology of tourism : theoretical and empirical investigations
Ideographia : the Chinese cipher in early modern Europe
A slant of light : a novel
Rome and the North : the early reception of Gregory the Great in Germanic Europe
Understanding the Middle Ages : transformation of ideas and attitudes in the medieval world
The Middle Ages after the Middle Ages : in the English-speaking world
Guests in the house : cultural transmission between Slavs and Scandinavians 900 to 130 A.D
Christian Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Vol. 4, 1200-1350
Language, self and love : hermeneutics in the writings of Richard Rolle and the commentaries on the Song of Songs
Medieval and classical traditions and the Renaissance of physico-mathematical sciences in the 16th century
Christian Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Vol. 1. 600-900
Beyond religious borders : interaction and intellectual exchange in the medieval Islamic world
Chaucer and the French tradition : a study in style and meaning
Reinventing history : the enlightenment origins of ancient history
Antiquity renewed : late classical and early modern themes
Platonism at the origins of modernity : studies on Platonism and early modern philosophy
Recreational tourism : demand and impacts
The reception of Byzantine culture in Mediaeval Russia
In praise of song : the making of courtly culture in al-Andalus and Provence, 1005-1134 A.D
The holiday makers : understanding the impact of leisure and travel
High-speed society : social acceleration, power, and modernity
The introduction of Arabic philosophy into Europe
Distance matters : an inquiry into the relation between transport and environmental sustainability in tourism
The house of wisdom : how the arabs transformed western civilization
Christian Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Vol. 3, 1050-1200
Sunshine makes the seasons
The human meaning of social change
"This book is a revisionist account of attempts to unify clock times, calendars, and social time, and a methodological intervention in discussions about writing global and transnational history. The book uses the reform of time between 1870 and 1950 as a lens through which to understand the dynamics of globalization. Based on research in archives around the world in multiple languages, individual chapters take the story of uniform time to France and Germany, Britain, the British Empire/German colonies/Latin America, British India, Arab elites in the Levant, Muslim scholars in Egypt, and to the League of Nations. The author shows how cross-border flows of ideas and concepts of uniform time resulted in a nationalization and regionalization of temporal identities. As a consequence, uniform, accurate clock time remained nonstandardized, unstable, and incomplete as late as the 1930s and 1940s. Calendar reform, just as vivid and vast a field of activism as clock time, never came to pass altogether due to strong national and religious objections to a uniform World Calendar. When ideas about uniform time moved across borders and continents, they often did so along lateral, informal trajectories of transmission. Local initiatives often preceded national time politics. Top-down attempts to devise time reform schemes at international conferences, to implement them nationally, and assure application in the most remote local contexts rarely succeeded. Rather, globalization disheveled such hierarchies of the international, the national, and the local. The book, then, emphasizes the importance of nationalism and states as well as attention to scale in writing the history of global flows and connections"--
Summary: Christianity, Judaism and Islam - the Children of Abraham - constitute the spiritual foundations of Western civilization. They affect the interactions of entire nations and individuals, though their history is often understood as one of conflict and controversy. The present volume documents past encounters and confrontations, though it also shows that the history of the three faiths is not merely one of conflict but also one of co-existence and dialogue. The rich shared theological traditions of the Abrahamic religions provide positive encouragement to present-day meetings between their followers. The book contains 16 contributions by scholars from various fields of religious studies. It should appeal to everyone interested in interreligious encounters.
The North Sea world in the Middle Ages : studies in a Medieval context
Dante and his literary precursors
Stoicism : traditions and transformations
The global transformation of time : 1870-1950
Work, unemployment and leisure
The Devil's tabernacle : the pagan oracles in early modern thought
