http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23197 financial sector
financial sector
Essays on credit contagion and shocks in banking
An investigative history of the Bank for International Settlements, the central bankers' own bank.
Guide to the ICC uniform rules for demand guarantees URDG 758
The risk in risk management : financial organizations & the problem of conformity
Pillaged! How they are looting £413 million a day from your savings and pensions ... and what do do about it
Mathematical and statistical methods for actuarial sciences and finance
International standard banking practice : for the examination of documents under documentary credits
The problem with banks
The concrete Euro : implementing monetary policy in the Euro area
Introduction to financial technology
Tower of Basel : the shadowy history of the secret bank that runs the world
Finance & financial markets
The global crash : towards a new global financial regime?
Security analysis : principles and technique
Essays on peer effects in finance
The evolution of Nordic finance
Managing operational risk : 20 firmwide best practice strategies
Financial inclusion in Spain : a comparative study among banks, savings banks and cooperative banks
Organizational Climate Survey: OP-Services
Toxic
The Oxford handbook of the sociology of finance
A new world economic order : overhauling the global economic governance as a result of the financial crisis, 2008–2009
Marketing financial services
"The current crisis has exposed the shocking truth that very few practitioners actually understand the capital positions of banks and insurance companies, let alone have good, tried and tested methods of evaluating their capital position. The subject of capital management is deemed to be difficult but this is mainly because of the lack of a good and transparent overview rather than the complexity of the subject. It is vital to have a very clear understanding of the regulatory environment in order to earn an optimal return on capital. This book provides proven techniques for managing bank capital as well as explaining each component such as balance sheets and type of capital in depth. The book will show how to minimise risk whilst still maximising value and will also, crucially provide the regulatory context and all latest developments. Economic capital will also be discussed in depth, as will the practicalities of bank and insurance M&A. The book will also show how financial innovations can be used to optimise the capital position and how diversification effects are reflected in the capital position"--Provided by publisher.
Hedge funds: an analysis of risk and return profiles with emphasis on operational risk : review of theory and literature
"The provocative political thinker asks if it will be with a bang or a whimper In How Will Capitalism End? the acclaimed analyst of contemporary politics and economics Wolfgang Streeck argues that capitalism is now in a critical condition. Growth is giving way to secular stagnation; inequality is leading to instability; and confidence in the capitalist money economy has all but evaporated. Capitalism's shotgun marriage with democracy since 1945 is breaking up as the regulatory institutions restraining its advance have collapsed, and after the final victory of capitalism over its enemies no political agency capable of rebuilding them is in sight. The capitalist system is stricken with at least five worsening disorders for which no cure is at hand: declining growth, oligarchy, starvation of the public sphere, corruption and international anarchy. In this arresting book Wolfgang Streeck asks if we are witnessing a long and painful period of cumulative decay: of intensifying frictions, of fragility and uncertainty, and of a steady succession of 'normal accidents'"--
Service transition strategies in service-dominant settings : towards comprehensive financial services in SME markets
Financial globalization, economic growth, and the crisis of 2007-09
Abstract: Research has pointed out the importance of culture and climate in relation to strategy and overall success of knowledge organizations. Vision, mission, and values make up the culture but they are also the building blocks in strategic planning. It has been shown that satisfied and happy employees are more productive especially in the context of a knowledge organization. OP-Pohjola Group aims to be the financial sector's most attractive employer. The Group makes a strong long-term commitment to improving employee wellbeing, competence, leadership development, and rewarding practices. Personnel are encouraged to pursue professional growth throughout their careers. The results of the Organizational Climate Survey were mostly positive even though clear areas of improvement were found. The areas of improvement include the following: It seems that employees need to deal with too much bureaucracy. Also female employees are not satisfied with their opportunities for advancement and it seems that mission, vision, and values do not show in everyday work and procedures. Employees do not always get enough feedback from their managers. Furthermore, there is a lack of two-way communication. Regardless of these areas of improvement, the respondents are generally satisfied with OP-Services as an employer. In a big organization there are various opportunities.
The regulatory response to the financial crisis
The mystery of banking
End of alchemy : money, banking and the future of the global economy
Financial markets and organizational technologies : system architectures, practices and risks in the era of deregulation
Wall Street : money never sleeps
"Economics of Banking presents a thorough overview and analysis of the key aspects of financial intermediation necessary to understand this field. Based on the latest theory, and supporting arguments with practical examples, Hans Keiding discusses the problems of competition, risk taking in banks and the irregularities that may occur as a result. Banks in distress and avoiding bank failures through suitable regulation are also treated in a rigorous, yet easy-to-understand way. Economics of Banking: [bullet] treats financial intermediation both from the point of view of the bank itself and from that of society [bullet] covers both microeconomics of banking and risk management in banks [bullet] offers more complicated mathematics as optional A comprehensive advanced undergraduate or master's level textbook for students in banking, economics and finance who need to get to grips with the economic theory of banks"--
Black horse ride : the inside story of Lloyds and the banking crisis
Debtors and creditors in America : insolvency, imprisonment for debt, and bankruptcy, 1607-1900
Basel III, the Devil and global banking
Jackpot : making the most of business English
Central banking, asset prices, and financial fragility
A method for continuous information technology supervision : the case of the Estonian financial sector
The effects of bank capital on bank performance and riskiness around the financial crisis. : empirical evidence in European region during 2005-2011
Algorithmic trading technology and strategy research on financial markets
Traders at work : how the world's most successful traders make their living in the markets
Young money : inside the hidden world of Wall Street's post-crash recruits
"Financialization is one of the most innovative concepts to emerge in the field of political economy during the last three decades, although there is no agreement on what exactly it is. Profiting Without Producing puts forth a distinctive view defining financialization in terms of the fundamental conduct of non-financial enterprises, banks and households. Its most prominent feature is the rise of financial profit, in part extracted from households through financial expropriation. Financialized capitalism is also prone to crises, none greater than the gigantic turmoil that began in 2007. Using abundant empirical data, the book establishes the causes of the crisis and discusses the options broadly available for controlling finance"--
Aligning business and IT with metadata : the financial services way
Diccionario de términos económicos, financieros y comerciales : inglés-español = A dictionary of economic, financial and commercial terms : "Spanish-English"
Introduction to banking
Criminal capital : how the finance industry facilitates crime
Stochastic dynamic optimization models in the banking sector
Bank and insurance capital management
Can the EU budget support climate policy in Central and Eastern Europe?
Drawing on a wide range of case studies, Cultures of Financialization argues that, in our age of crisis, the global economy is more invested than ever in culture and the imagination. We must take the idea of 'fictitious capital' seriously as a way to understand the power of finance, and what might be done to stop it.
The bankers' new clothes : what's wrong with banking and what to do about it
Innovation ecosystem perspectives on financial services innovation
Complexity and organizational reality : uncertainty and the need to rethink management after the collapse of investment capitalism
Macroeconomics and the financial system
Russia's financial markets and the banking sector in transition
Modern financial markets and institutions : a practical perspective
The role of banks in monitoring firms : the case of the Crédit Mobilier
Essays on the economics of banks and markets
Reforming China's financial system
The Einstein of money : the life and timeless financial wisdom of Benjamin Graham
Financial regulation in the European Union
The fintech book : the financial technology handbook for investors, entrepreneurs and visionaries
Financial ethics : a positivist analysis
Creating a sustainable business : managerial implications and challenges
Business first : basics for business communication
The digital hand. Volume II, How computers changed the work of American financial, telecommunications, media, and entertainment industries
Behavioural Finance Theories Effecting on Individual Investor's Decision-Making
Essays on credit contagion and shocks in banking.
"Examines the ramifications of the 2007-08 financial crisis on the financial services industry and some of its practices and how these are likely to change in the future"--Provided by publisher.
The Oxford handbook of business history
Competence survey regarding organization's own digital services : case OP Turun Seutu
MacroWikinomics : rebooting business and the world
Investment opportunities in Vietnam's banking sector from value-investing perspective
Economics of banking
Swimming with sharks : inside the world of the bankers
Cultures of financialization : fictitious capital in popular culture and everyday life
Trust-embedded open innovation : towards a human-centric approach in the financial industry
Financial service cluster attractiveness in Finland
"The reader will learn about key developments in the industry and obtain insights of cutting-edge practitioners whether entrepreneurs, investors, or advisors in the retail/commercial banking/investment banking and asset management space"--
Swimming with sharks : my journey into the world of the bankers
Profiting without producing : how finance exploits us all
Russian multinationals : from regional supremacy to global lead
Banking in crisis : the rise and fall of British banking stability, 1800 to the present
Gulf capital & Islamic finance : the rise of new global players
Financial markets and institutions
Questions & answers : China's securities market
Financial services marketing
Economics : principles, applications, and tools
Nonlinear modelling of the Finnish banking and finance branch index
Cloud computing strategies
Central bank independence : cultural codes and symbolic performance
The former Governor of the Bank of England argues for fundamental changes to the financial system in order to reduce the risk of a new crisis.
Essays on managerial myopia and subject positions in companies with different governance structures
Reading and understanding the Financial times
The Chinese banking industry : lessons from history for today's challenges
The whole financial industry at the moment is going through a drastic change in terms of how customers interact with their own bank. The traditional way of doing business face-to-face has rapidly changed towards the customers using different digital channels to do their transactions. It is important that the employees have sufficient competence in these digital services to be able to give guidance to the customers and maintain a professional brand image. This thesis was commissioned by OP Turun Seutu, which is a member cooperative bank of the largest Finnish Financial Group OP-Pohjola. The goal was to identify the organizations current level of competence regarding the company?s own digital services. The research was conducted by using a quantitative research method. A questionnaire was sent to all of the 350 employees in the organization from which 252 responded. The research findings provided a solid foundation to the organizational training programme implemented in 2015.
Mapping financial stability
Crisis economics : a crash course in the future of finance
Financial technology for industrial renewal
Bailout : an inside account of how Washington abandoned Main Street while rescuing Wall Street
How to talk about banking and finance
Bank behaviour and resilience : the effect of structures, institutions and agents
"The book will show how to minimise risk whilst still maximising value and will also, crucially provide the regulatory context and all latest developments"--Provided by publisher.
Bad banks : greed, incompetence and the next global crisis
Bridging the GAAP : recent advances in finance and accounting
How will capitalism end? : essays on a failing system
After the crash : the future of finance
