http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23129 school satisfaction
school satisfaction
The structural model of child well-being : children's emotional well-being and social relationships in elementary school.
Näkökulmia ilon pedagogiikkaan = Perspectives to pedagogy of joy
Abstract.
The purpose for this thesis was to create a survival kit where the exchange students coming to Salo campus of Turku University of Applied Sciences could find answers to all the most frequently asked questions about Salo and what it offers. The outcome was booklet which can be handed to all the incoming exchange students. There is also an electronic version that it can be downloaded from the website of TUAS. The aim for doing this booklet was to ease the work load of the international office and to help the exchange students and the student tutors to get to know Salo better. The booklet was done by first assessing what information is needed. The different sights in  Salo were restricted according to location or interes factor. This was also a requirement since the purpose was to create a booklet and not a book. Collecting the information was easy since the information was readily available but in many different sources. After all information was collected it was written in rather simple English for everybody to understand. The actual booklet was created with a program called Adobe InDesign. This part of the process needed  only placing the text and self-taken pictures in a logical and pleasant way. The finished booklet was given to a few exchange students for feedback and possible improvements. The feedback was mainly positive with e.g. a praise from a student who had stayed in Salo for eight months already. Exchange students would like have more information about organized events. Overall there was hardly anything that they would want to change/added. The few ideas that came up or will come up in the future can easily be added later on, especially to the e-version.
Esteem builders : A K-8 self-esteem curriculum for improving student achievement, behavior and school climate
Why don't students like school? : a cognitive scientist answers questions about how the mind works and what it means for your classroom
Student engagement in Finnish lower secondary school
Finnish children's views on the ideal school and learning environment
Bullying prevention : creating a positive school climate and developing social competence
Multilevel modelling in repeated measures of the quality of Finnish school life
Landscapes for learning : creating outdoor environments for children and youth
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Student engagement at school : a sense of belonging and participation : results from Pisa 2000
Survival kit for exchange students at Salo campus
The creative school : a framework for success, quality and effectiveness
Transforming children's spaces : children's and adults' participation in designing learning environments
Winning the H factor : the secrets of happy schools
Towards bully-free schools
Quality of school life in the Finnish comprehensive school : a comparative view
Crystals of schoolchildren's well-being : cross-border training material for promoting psychosocial well-being through school education
Handbook of positive psychology in schools
"Usually I like school PE, but..." : school physical education described in Internet discussion forums
Does the psychosocial school environment matter for health? : a study of pupils in Swedish compulsory school from a gender perspective
Towards social well-being in schools : an implementation study of Involvement Education
A practical guide to solving preschool behavior problems
Abstract: The well-being of optimistic, well-performing high school students from high school to university.
Ninth graders' values, goals and views about learning and school : a comparative analysis in three countries: Finland, Russia, Estonia
The spirit of the school
Abstract: The relationship of motivational climate to physical activity intensity and enjoyment within ninth grade pupils in school physical education lessons.
Finnish students ̀ school engagement profiles in the light of PISA 2003.
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the Northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Overview of the esteem builders' complete program
Students' physical activity, physical education enjoyment, and motivational determinants through a three-year school-initiated program
General mental ability as related to school, work and health : the importance of childhood mental ability for work-related factors among middle-aged women and men
