http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23114 chemokines
chemokines
Perinatal factors as predictors of brain damage and neurodevelopmental outcome : study of children born very preterm
Crossroads between innate and adaptive immunity V
A translational study on the roles of redox molecules, cell cycle regulators and chemokine receptors as prognostic factors in diffuse large b-cell lymphoma
Calcific aortic valve disease (CAVD) is the most common valvular heart disease in the Western world. Although it shares mainly the same risk factors as coronary heart disease (CHD), i.e. similar initial events in both diseases but with time, they lead to different clinical outcomes. Thus, when it affects the coronary arteries, the disease leads to an obstructive or rupture-prone plaque whereas in the aortic valve, it causes massive calcification and ossification. This obstructs the blood flow from the left cardiac ventricle, causing myocardial hypertrophy, and if left untreated, heart failure and death. Many of the pathobiological differences between CAVD and CHD remain unknown. Currently, there are no effective lifestyle- or pharmacologic treatments for CAVD and the only therapy is a valve replacement operation. In this thesis, several studies utilizing large-scale methods were undertaken to profile the molecular events leading to CAVD. Surgically removed valves from patients in different stages of the disease were obtained and gene transcripts, microRNA-molecules and several proteins were identified as being differentially expressed. Several of these were investigated further, including two pro-inflammatory CC-type chemokine ligands 3 and 4 (CCL3 and CCL4), microRNA-125b, several granzyme-proteins and heat-shock protein 90. The results of this thesis provide a large dataset of hundreds of molecular changes associated with CAVD. It is proposed that they can be used as a basis for the generation of new hypotheses and assist in the design of experiments to clarify the mechanisms driving CAVD.
Novel Immunological Markers of Lyme Borreliosis
Influence of exercise training on daily physical activity and risk factors for type 2 diabetes
Tumor necrosis factors and chemokines in hair development
The Oral Epithelial Cell : An Active Player in Recurrent Aphthous Ulcers
Systemic inflammation in colorectal cancer : the role of cytokines and endostatin
Modelling of ischemic stroke : focus on co-morbidities and therapeutic intervention
Systemic inflammation in colorectal cancer:the role of cytokines and endostatin
Inflammation and invasive margin in colorectal cancer
Inflammatory biomarkers in multiple sclerosis
Primary progressive multiple sclerosis : clinical, immunological and radiological study
A translational study on the roles of redox molecules, cell cycle regulators and chemokine receptors as prognostic factors in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma
Identification of collagenolytic MMP networks as potential biomarkers in progressive chronic periodontitis subjects and MMP-8 null allele model
Novel immunological markers of Lyme borreliosis
Colorectal cancer (CRC) is among the most common cancers in Finland. Prognostic factors are important for predicting disease outcome and adjusting optimal treatment. The currently used prognostic methods for CRC have their limitations and consequently several biomarkers have been studied to find potential prognostic markers, but none have been adapted for routine use so far. In the present study, the relationships between the components of the immune system and other factors modulating tumor growth were assessed and their suitability to be used for use as prognostic tools in CRC were studied. The study material consisted of blood samples and surgical specimens collected from 148 CRC patients operated on in Oulu University Hospital and blood samples of 86 healthy controls. Concentrations of endostatin and 27 cytokines were measured from preoperative serum samples and control samples. Immunohistochemical methods were used for collagen XVIII and inflammatory cell analyses. The levels of several cytokines were altered in CRC patients compared to the controls. The serum cytokine profile achieved an excellent accuracy in discriminating CRC patients from healthy controls. Advanced CRCs were associated with elevated cytokine levels and a metastasized disease was linked to an orientation towards Th2 cytokine milieu. The presence of systemic inflammation, depicted by a modified Glasgow Prognostic Score (mGPS), correlated to CRC progression. The serum endostatin levels were elevated in CRC and correlated with invasion through muscular layer and systemic inflammation, but not with densities of local inflammatory cells. Collagen XVIII was expressed in tumor stroma and in the muscle layer of bowel wall.The serum cytokines and tumor infiltrating immune cells showed relatively weak associations.In conclusion, CRC is associated with significant alterations in serum cytokine milieu, wh ich underlines the relevance of studying several cytokines and their relative alterations. The serum cytokine profile is a promising tool for discriminating CRC patients from healthy controls, but its clinical value needs to be validated. The elevated endostatin levels may result from invasion-related cleavage of collagen XVIII in the bowel wall, but further studies are needed to determine the value of endostatin in CRC prognosis.
Molecular profiling of calcific aortic valve disease
Cytokine, chemokine, and chemokine receptor expression in RAW 264.7 mouse macrophages and in the lungs of mice after exposure to wood dust
Pleiotropy of vitamin D-mediated gene regulation
