http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23196 girl research
girl research
The burden of girlhood : a global inquiry into the status of the girls
Examines the broad fictional reading of middle class pre-teen girls in ethnographic detail, and describes the place of literacy in the construction of gender. The book provides evidence to support its central assumption: gender is a cultural and social construction, not a biological given.
Good girl messages : how young women were misled by their favorite books
The myth of Persephone in girls' fantasy literature
Introducing women's studies : feminist theory and practice
This anthology provides exciting, innovative research focused on the construction of adolescent girls' sexuality in the media. The volume includes a variety of theoretical and methodological perspectives from the humanities and the social sciences, addressing how girls and others respond to, work with, and even resist prevailing media representations of girls' sexualities and how they use contemporary media as a form of sexual expression. The authors consider a wide array of sexual attitudes, behaviors, and expressions not commonly seen in the sexualities literature, including the voices of other girls whose voices are often ignored, particularly racial/ethnic minority and indigenous girls, sexual minorities, and girls from non-U.S. settings. The use of ethnographic data, in conjunction with media analysis techniques, provides a unique approach to the media studies genre, which tends to highlight an analysis of media content, as opposed to the ways in which media is used in everyday life. -- Provided by publisher.
Suicide notes from beautiful girls
Girlhood and the politics of place
Exploring the spirituality and faith of girls on the verge of adolescence, this book presents fresh insights into children's spirituality and their transition to adulthood. Phillips has listened to girls' voices speaking in depth on the themes of self, God, church, and world, and reflected on their experiences and understandings in the light of current psychological, philosophical and sociological thinking, all placed into dialogue with a feminist approach to contemporary theology and bible. Phillips offers 'wombing' as a metaphor for their transition to young adulthood, and suggests strategies faith communities might adopt to companion girls more effectively through the fragility of puberty. This book will appeal to all those exploring areas of youth ministry, pastoral care, Christian education, nurture and childhood studies, psychology and theology.
The girl of ink & stars
This book offers a review and a feminist critique of mother-daughter literature. The barriers erected by patriarchal, racist, classist and homophobic knowledge between mothers and daughters are explored. Women's writing is used to explore the existing and potential connection and cooperation between mothers and daughters, emphasising the importance of social context for an understanding of mother-daughter relationships. Motherhood is emphasised as a developmental process.
Good girls make good wives : guidance for girls in Victorian fiction
The historian
Writings about the Finnish Fandom of the Spice Girls Band
City of bones
The shining girls
The faith of girls : children's spirituality and transition to adulthood
Gender, modernity, postmodernity - new perspectives on development/construction of gender : papers from a seminar at Lysebu, Oslo 22.-24th of April 1994.
Little women and the feminist imagination : criticism, controversy, personal essays
Multi-girl-culture : an ethnography of doing identity
Girl making : a cross-cultural ethnography on the processes of growing up female
Happy girls : a case study of a discussion group for girls with Asperger`s syndrome
Apache mothers and daughters : four generations of a family
Precious and the puggies : Precious Ramotswe's very first case
The girls' history and culture reader : the nineteenth century
What more can we do? : developing a multicultural action plan for the Girls' House, a meeting place for girls and young women in Helsinki
Collision of emancipation and didacticism : the development of Finnish Girls’ Literature 1889- 2011.
Mothers and daughters : the distortion of a relationship
A quest for a female landscape : the artist as a young girl and woman in L. M. Montgomery's Emily series
The decision to emigrate has historically held differing promises and costs for women and for men. Exploring theories of difference in labor market participation, network formation and the immigrant organising process, on belonging and diaspora, and a theory of 'vulnerability', A Global History of Gender and Migration looks critically at two centuries of the migration experience from the perspectives of women and men separately and together. Uniquely investigating the subject globally over time, this book incorporates the history of migration in areas as far-flung as Yemen, Sudan, the Netherlands, France, Belgium, Poland, the Soviet Union, the US, and the UK, an approach that allows for patterns to emerge over time. A Global History of Gender and Migration further shows that although there are various points on which migrant men and women differ, and several theories exist to explain these differences, this comprehensive guide offers a unifying thesis on the theories and practice of migration, adding to our insight into the mechanisms underlying the creation of differences between migrant men and women.
The vanished
Looking good : a study of gendered body ideals among young people
How young ladies became girls : the Victorian origins of American girlhood
This book focuses on the girl child, her status in developing countries, the constraints on girls from culture, and the impact of traditional practices on girls' health and survival, nutrition, education, and employment. The book aims to direct academicians, feminists, policy makers, and development policy planners and practitioners toward the creation of a more gender-just childhood for girls worldwide. There is a need for parents to develop equal entitlement and opportunity for girl children. Chapter 1 gives an overview of problems facing girls in developing countries. There is no one common definition of girlhood that is legally, culturally, and religiously consistent. The legal age varies with type of law and gender. Some broad generalizations are possible, despite gaps in the data. 1) Girls are fewer in number than boys worldwide. 2) The median age of women increased from 18-19 years to 22-23 years during 1970-90 in developing countries. 3) Girls married by the age of 15 years accounted for an estimated 18% in Asia, 16% in Africa, and 8% in Latin America. 4) Girls are less educated than boys. 5) Nutritional intake favors adult males and the boy child. 6) Reproductive and productive burdens are shared inequitably by the girl. 7) Girls' work is undervalued and unmeasured. 8) Gender differences of importance are attitudinal, and the damage is immeasurable. Chapter 2 focuses on daughter neglect, the socialization of girls, and son preference. Chapter 3 discusses early marriage and its impact on girls. Chapter 4 concludes that the sex ratio is not linked to the development status of countries. Chapter 5 and 6 focus on health, mortality, and nutrition among girls. Inequalities in girls' education and employment are the focus in chapters 7 and 8. Chapter 9 discusses violence against girls. The last chapter establishes some affirmative action goals.
Precious and the mystery of Meerkat Hill : a new case from Precious Ramotswe
Muscle performance during growth and maturation in low and high physical activity groups : a one-year follow-up study in pre- and early pubertal girls
Becoming a woman through romance
The girls' history and culture reader : the twentieth century
Gender and Disability  : Challenges of Education Sector Development in Tanzania
The madness underneath
Precious and the zebra necklace
Feminism and youth culture
Girls and education 3-16 : continuing concerns, new agendas
Feminism and youth culture : from 'Jackie' to 'Just Seventeen'
Through the innovative methodology of asking them to record their experiences on videotape, this book offers an evocative and fascinating cross-cultural exploration into the everyday lives of a number of teenage girls from their own broad social, cultural and ethnic perspectives. The use of the video camera by the girls themselves reveals their exploration and experimentation with possible identities, highlighting their awareness that the self is not ready made but rather constituted in the process of continuous performance. The result is an active self-conscious exploration of the continuous "art" of self-making. Through their play, the teenagers are shown to strategically test out various possibilities, while keeping such explorations within the bounds of what is acceptable and permissible in their own micro-cultural worlds. The resulting material challenges previous findings in those feminist and youth anthropological studies based on too narrow a concept of class, ethnicity or populist approaches to culture.
New feminisms, gender equality and neoliberalism in swedish girl films, 1995-2006
Kill for me
Texts of desire : essays on fiction, femininity and schooling
Making sense of the teenage body : sociological perspectives on girls, changing bodies and knowledge
Girl wide web : girls, the Internet, and the negotiation of identity
Precious and the monkeys : Precious Ramotswe's very first case
Girlhood : a global history
Altered loves : mothers and daughters during adolescence
'Girl power' : girls reinventing girlhood
Girls, cultural productions, and resistance
Young femininity : girlhood, power and social change
Lying at the bottom of his apartment stairs, a postman is found dead. At first glance, his death appears to be a tragic accident. However, when Detective Superintendent Konrad Simonsen is called to investigate, he notices that something doesn't add up. Did he fall? When life-sized images of a vanished girl are discovered plastering the walls of the dead man's attic, the case takes a new and sinister turn. Who is she? Could she be alive? Soon the homicide team find themselves delving into the past, but as they approach the truth, Simonsen is forced to confront long-hidden skeletons in his own cupboard.
100 years of Anne with an "e" : the centennial study of Anne of Green Gables
Own or other culture
Lessons in being a girl : the development of the America girl in adolescent literature
This groundbreaking collection offers a complicated portrait of girls in the 21st Century. These are the riot grrls and the Spice Girls, the good girls and the bad girls who are creating their own "girl" culture and giving a whole new meaning to "grrl" power. Featuring provocative essays from leaders in the field like Michelle Fine, Angela McRobbie, Valerie Walkerdine, Nancy Lesko, Niobe Way and Deborah Tolman, this work brings to life the ever-changing identities of today's young women. The contributors cover all aspects of girlhood from around the world and strike upon such key areas as schooling, sexuality, popular culture and identity. This is new scholarship at its best.
Almas’ story : a young muslim refugee girl’s experiences as newcomer in Northern-Finland
Abstract.
What Katy read : feminist re-readings of 'classic' stories for girls
Abstract (1 s.).
Mediated girlhoods : new explorations of girls' media culture
Women, peace and security : study submitted by the Secretary-General pursuant to Security Council resolution 1325 (2000)
The Girl : constructions of the Girl in contemporary fiction by women
Equally prepared for life? : how 15-year-old boys and girls perform in school
Precious and the mystery of Meerkat Hill
Women's fiction between the wars : mothers, daughters and writing
Summary.
Caught
Some readings would see Barbie as reproducing ethnicity and gender in a particularly coarse and damaging way - a cultural icon of racism and sexism. Rogers develops a broader, more challenging picture. She shows how the cultural meaning of Barbie is more ambiguous than the narrow, appearance-dominated model that is attributed to the doll. For a start, Barbie's sexual identity is not clear-cut. Similarly her class situation is ambiguous. But all interpretations agree that, with her enormous range of lifestyle 'accessories', Barbie exists to consume.
Why information systems and software engineering students enter and leave their study programme : a factor model and process theory
Educating Muslim girls : shifting discourses
Growing up with girl power : girlhood on screen and in everyday life
The modern girl around the world : consumption, modernity, and globalization
Beyond Barbie and Mortal Kombat : new perspectives on gender and gaming
Vocational education and culture : European prospects from history and life-history
Year book. 1986-1987
Future girl : young women in the twenty-first century
All about the girl : culture, power, and identity
Private practices : girls reading fiction and constructing identity
The scientific education of girls : education beyond reproach?
Learning our lines : sexuality and social control in education
Gender, migration, and the public sphere, 1850 - 2005
Collision of emancipation and didacticism : the development of Finnish Girls' Literature 1889–2011.
"Yo! Wanna be a part of our crew?" : girls, dolls, and online consumerism
Changing cultures : feminism, youth and consumerism
Girls, feminism, and grassroots literacies : activism in the GirlZone
The education of girls : policy, research and the question of gender
Overloaded : popular culture and the future of feminism
Like watering a flower in the neighbours garden : being a woman in South Asia
Girls transforming : invisibility and age-shifting in children's fantasy fiction since the 1970s
Girls' sexualities and the media
"Schoolmates of the long-ago" : motifs and archetypes in Dorita Fairlie Bruce's Boarding school stories
Is Coeducation An Untouchable Dogma? : Breaking Ground in the Introduction of Single-Sex Education
English summary.
Reading, Gender, and Engagement : Lessons From Five PISA Countries
Girls : feminine adolescence in popular culture and cultural theory
The hidden life of girls : games of stance, status, and exclusion
Photography as family ritual : visual narratives in a Finnish family photo album
Daddyś girl : young girls and popular culture
Unruly girls, unrepentant mothers : redefining feminism on screen
Girls' secondary education in the western world : from the 18th to the 20th century
