http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23195 work contribution
work contribution
Calculating the value of household production in Finland in 1990 : the input-output table
International perspectives on competence development : developing skills and capabilities
Empty labor : idleness and workplace resistance
Optimization of fuelwood production for rural development with special reference to tobacco growing farmers (South Nyanza - Kenya)
Demographic change reduces labour force and number of employed
Project appraisal and planning for developing countries
While most people work ever-longer hours, international statistics suggest that the average time spent on non-work activities per employee is around two hours a day. How is this possible, and what are the reasons behind employees withdrawing from work? In this thought-provoking book, Roland Paulsen examines organizational misbehavior, specifically the phenomenon of 'empty labor," defined as the time during which employees engage in private activities during the working day. The author explores a variety of explanations, from under-employment to workplace resistance. Building on a rich selection of interview material and extensive empirical research, he uses both qualitative and quantitative data to present a concrete analysis of the different ways empty labor unfolds in the modern workplace. This book offers new perspectives on subjectivity, rationality and work simulation and will be of particular interest to academic researchers and graduate students in organizational sociology, organization studies, and human resource management."--Publisher description. Read
The main objective of this research-based thesis was to understand how well employ-ees were supported and managed during their role as part of a major change initiative, and how this has influenced their engagement to the case organization. Two theories were drawn upon to support the empirical study and they provided the foundation for the theoretical framework. Change Management served as the primary theory, and Employee Engagement was selected as the secondary theory due to its influence on, and relationship with the successful implementation, management and integration of organizational change. The theoretical framework was further supported with recent reports published by leading practitioners in the human resources community. The empirical study targeted personnel working directly on the change project in a number of project teams spread out across the globe, in addition to personnel who were working independently as the person in charge (PIC) in specific areas of the pro-ject. The research design comprised of a quantitative and qualitative web-based survey questionnaire, administered on November 25th, 2013. The key findings of the survey revealed that overall the change project had been effec-tively managed and supported at all levels of the organization from the perspective of the project team members. A generally positive response to questions surrounding engagement led me to believe the case organization is successfully ensuring that person-nel feel valued and involved in their current roles. The main development suggestions for the case company based on the results of the survey propose the following:  - improvement of the effectiveness and timeliness of communication  - further development of personnel through change management training  - additional clarity with the realignment of goals and objectives  - ensuring personnel are able to balance their full workload.
Leadership style : Impact on employee
Since the financial crisis, the population structure and age structure of the Finnish labour force have changed as the baby boomer cohorts retire. As well as capital formation and productivity, labour input constitutes one of the pillars of economic growth, meaning that the contraction of the working-age population directly cuts the growth rate of potential output. What is the scale of this problem? Further, how has the situation already been reflected on the Finnish labour market, and what implications will it have over the next five years?.
Change management efficiency in global operations : case: Company X
