http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2317 physiology
physiology
See inside your body
100 things to know about the human body
A study of rodent brain function with functional and pharmacological magnetic resonance imaging
An introduction to human physiology
Autonomic nervous system responses during a relationship enrichment intervention
Arctic ecosystems in a changing climate : an ecophysiological perspective
cAMP-regulated cell proliferation in brown preadipocytes
Ruminant physiology : digestion, metabolism, growth, and reproduction
European journal of applied physiology and occupational physiology
Overwintering strategies of a boreal small mammal in a changing climate
Mental Stress and Strain during Work and Leisure : a pilot study among marathon school participants
Pathology for the health-related professions
A physical analysis of sap flow dynamics in trees
Neuromuscular aspects of sport performance
Physiology of the European brown bear (Ursus arctos arctos)
MRI of the upper extremity : shoulder, elbow, wrist and hand
Functional Anatomy and Physiology of Domestic Animals
Principles of general physiology. Vol. 2, General physiology
Methods for the classification of biosignals applied to the detection of epileptiform waveforms and to the recognition of physical activity
Netter's atlas of the human body
Height growth, site index, and carbon metabolism
Assessment of skin physiology is moving rapidly away from a purely descriptive approach as we gain a deeper understanding of biophysical and biochemical processes in the stratum corneum, such as those relating to its barrier function and hydration. As a result of research utilizing bioengineering methods, reliable and reproducible approaches are now available for product testing in the pharmaceutical and cosmetic industry as well as in basic research. This book examines in detail all aspects of cosmetic testing -- legal, general, and practical. After discussion of regulatory and ethical issues and guidelines, essential guidance is provided on the planning, performance, and evaluation of scientific studies in skin physiology. The topics addressed range from laboratory and staffing requirements through to testing devices and methods, factors influencing measurements, and study design. In addition, detailed information is provided on test settings for a range of cosmetic products. All of the authors are recognized experts in their field. This book will be invaluable to researchers, students, and medical staff in explaining how best to assess skin functions in controlled studies using non-invasive biophysical instruments.
Models of neuropeptide action
Seasonal responses of photosynthesis and growth of a bioenergy crop (Phalaris arundinacea L.) to climatic change under varying water regimes
The human body
Transcriptional control of midbrain GABAergic neuron development
Bald coot and screaming loon  : a handbook for the curious bird lover
Abstract.
Advances in speech, hearing and language processing : a research annual. Vol. 1
Vocal fold physiology. Vol. 1, Biomechanics, acoustics and phonatory control
LED lighting for urban agriculture
Human Physiology : An Integrated Approach
Mast cell lipid droplets as a storage site of arachidonic acid for eicosanoid biosynthesis
Interactions between morphological and physiological drought responses in Eucalyptus microtheca
Questions and answers on human physiology : for use with "Human Physiology" by Lippold and Winton
Eco-physiological aspects of adaptation to seasonal environments : the latitudinal range expansion of the Colorado potato beetle across Europe
Pain is really strange
Understanding the control of metabolism
Fish physiology. Vol. 16, Deep-sea fishes
Essentials of anatomy & physiology
The magic schoolbus : explores the human body
Canadian journal of biochemistry and physiology
Brains, bodies, guts and stuff
The blood code : unlock the secrets of your metabolism
Integrated principles of zoology
We are our brains : from the womb to Alzheimer's
Review of medical physiology
Journal of general physiology
Essentials of anatomy and physiology
Dance Anatomy
Survival of the fattest - leptin, melatonin, thyroxine and seasonal adaptation of mammals
The physiology and pathophysiology of the skin. Vol. 4, The hair follicle
Annual review of physiology. Vol. 37
The size of major mammalian sensory organs as measured from cranial characters, and their relation to the biology and evolution of mammals
Allocation of added selenium in lettuce and its impact on roots
Fish physiology. 18, Muscle development and growth
Ecophysiological approach to host-parasite interaction between Arctic charr and Diplostomum spp
Can protoplast production from in vitro cultured shoots of Tanacetum vary during the season?
Dukes' physiology of domestic animals
Animal physiology : mechanisms and adaptations
Goal-directed therapy for children with cerebral palsy
Basic human physiology : normal funcion and mechanisms of disease
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
Effect of protein synthesis inhibitors on the function of the neuronal K-Cl cotransporter KCC2
Textbook of veterinary physiology
Acute mountain sickness : prediction and treatment during climbing expeditions
Annual review of physiology. Vol. 60
The living body : a text in human physiology
Motor unit activation and force production during eccentric, concentric and isometric actions
Physiology demystified
Horrid Henry's bodies : a horrid factbook
Electrotherapy explained : principles and practice
Exercise boichemistry
Cardiovascular physiology
Freezing and low temperature photoinhibition tolerance in cultivated potato and potato hybrids
Role of Gli3 during intramembranous calvarial bone development
This book (28 chapters), which is the 17th volume in the Crop Production Science in Horticulture Series (18 volumes that focus on scientific principles underlying production practices for economically important horticultural crops from major production systems in temperate, subtropical and tropical climatic areas), summarizes the available information regarding the origin, taxonomy, breeding, physiology, agronomy, pathology (pests and diseases) and processing of cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids (mainly Alocasia macrorrhiza, Amorphophallus campanulatus, Colocasia esculenta, Cyrtosperma merkusii and Xanthosoma sagittifolium). This book is for researchers, farmers, students and all stakeholders in developing countries, and for those who are working in international institutions.
The A & P coloring workbook
Structure & function of the body
Solutions for singers : tools for performers and teachers
Human anatomy & physiology
Human physiology : mechanisms of body function
Functional atlas of the human fascial system
Look at you! : a baby body book
Music, language, and the brain
The runner's rule book : everything a runner needs to know : and then some
Vow! I didn't know that! : surprising facts about the human body
Assessment of ventilatory thresholds from heart rate variability in five incremental treadmill tests in cross country skiers
Principles of anatomy and physiology : learning guide
Psychophysiology of flow experience : an explorative study
Dr Frankenstein's human body book : the monstrous truth about how your body works
Interaction of Baculovirus with the Surface of Mammalian Cells and Intracellular Changes during Transduction
Essentials of human anatomy and physology
Health is simple, disease is complicated : a systems approach to vibrant health
Hippocampal field potentials in animal models of Alzheimer's disease
Basic anatomy and physiology
REVIEW OF PHYSIOLOGICAL CHEMISTRY
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Volume 2 : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
Embodied music cognition and mediation technology
Event-related potential (ERP) studies of mother-infant interaction
The Nurse Practitioner's Guide to Nutrition
Stretch reflex modulation during exercise and fatigue
Annual review of physiology. Vol. 62.
Pussy : a reclamation
Genetic diversity and phenotypic variability of phytoplankton populations in the Baltic Sea
The rise of superman : decoding the science of ultimate human performance
PhysioEx 5.0 : laboratory simulations in physiology with worksheets for human physiology
Like the first edition, the second edition of the Encyclopedia of Stress covers nearly every conceivable aspect and ramification of stress including a wide range of related topics such as neuroimmune interactions, cytokines, enzymatic disorders, effects on the cardiovascular system, immunity and inflammation, and physical illnesses. Over the last decade, scientists have presented convincing research showing that psychological stress increases vulnerability to disease. They now understand more clearly that stress may be the thread tying together illnesses that were previously believed to be unrelated. Bone loss, increased abdominal fat, and damaged memory cells in the hippocampus have been linked to elevated cortisol levels. Building on the success of the first edition, this completely revised work surveys the vast amount of research generated in the past five years, resulting in a substantial revision with over 30% new material and over 100 new entries. Expanded sections include Animal Studies, Anxiety and Depression, Drugs, Depression, Disasters, and Psychological and Other Therapies.
Universe within : a scientific adventure
Tropical root and tuber crops : cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids
A journey through the human body
Human body : a book with guts!
Illustrated physiology
An outline of general physiology
Symplastically transmitted signals regulate pattern formation during root development in Arabidopsis thaliana
Sympathoadrenal response to resistance exercise in men, women and pubescent boys : with special reference to interaction with other hormones and neuromuscular performance
The physiology coloring book
1,001 facts about the human body
Practical aspects of cosmetic testing : how to set up a scientific study in skin physiology
The Usborne little book of the human body
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 8, Renal physiology : vol. 1
Stress of life : from molecules to man
Epithelial-mesenchymal interactions in cancer
How will I grow?
Illustrated handbook of medical physiology
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Gulp : travels around the gut
Principles of anatomy and physiology
Encyclopedia of stress
Analyses of the growth of Scots pine : matching structure with function
A novel rodent model of birth asphyxia and therapeutic strategy based on graded restoration of normocapnia
Genetic and molecular aspects of sports performance
Left brain, right brain
Handbook of theories of aging
Self comes to mind : constructing the conscious brain
Occurrence and importance of direct bicarbonate uptake in marine macroalgae
MCQs in human physiology
Gene expression profiles of chondrocytic cells exposed to hydrostatic pressure
Clothing physiological properties of cold protective clothing and their effects on human experience
Functional dissection of alternative secretory pathways in the yeast S. cerevisiae
Potatoes postharvest
Comparison of growth and physiological responses to severe drought between two altitudinal Hippophae rhamnoides populations
Transcriptional Regulation of GABAergic neuron differentiation in the developing diencephalon, midbrain and anterior hindbrain
American journal of physiology
Event-related potenital studies on novelty processing and distractibility
Annual review of physiology. Vol. 61.
Mesoporous silicon particles designed for nanomedical applications
Anatomy and physiology of farm animals
Journal of applied physiology
In vitro production of cattle blastocysts in chemically defined medium with or without insulin supplementation
Incredible human body
Lecture notes on human physiology
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Essentials of human anatomy and physiology
My body, your body : a book about human and animal bodies
Altered purinergic signalling in endothelial cells represents a novel mechanism of pulmonary vascular disease
Appetite control : the role of food composition and structure
Your brain and your self : what you need to know
100 most disgusting things on the planet
Stress : fifth annual report on stress 1955-1956
Simulation of spring wheat responses to elevated CO2 and temperature by using CERES-wheat crop model
β-adrenergic signalling and novel effects in skeletal muscle
Neural networks for heart rate time series analysis
The physiology of speech and hearing : an introduction
Chemotaxis
Introduction to the human body : the essentials of anatomy and physiology
The hair and make-up artist's handbook : a complete guide for professional qualifications
The importance of potassium currents for cardiac function of ectothermic vertebrates under stress
This new title in the Encyclopaedia of Sports Medicine Series from the Medical Commission of the International Olympic Committee presents in one volume the latest information on neuromuscular function in sport and exercise. Chapters combine basic mechanistic knowledge with true applications; Topics covered include neuromuscular fatigue, neuromuscular training, and musculoskeletal loading, and special chapters examine recently developed research methodologies used during natural locomotion: high speed ultrasonography (US) and transmagnetic electrical stimulation (TMES). An important addition to the reference collections of biomechanists, sports medicine specialists, sport scientists, and graduate students in these areas, this volume is also appropriate for advanced level coaches and sport physiotherapists.
The physiological basis of habituation
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Sect. 4, Adaptation to the environment
Anatomy and physiology for nurses
The chemical biology of nucleic acids
Ionic mechanisms of GABA action in excitable cells
Sensory integrative approaches in occupational therapy
The works of Aristotle. Vol. 7, Problemata
Adult development and aging
Lignin characteristics and ecological interactions of PtCOMT-modified silver birch
Effect of glycine and alanine supplementation on development of cattle embryo cultured in CR1aa medium with or without cumulus cells
Physiology & anatomy - a homeostatic approach
Fundamentals of anatomy & physiology
Runner's world, the runner's body : how the latest exercise science can help you run stronger, longer, and faster
Thrive in human physiology
Basic physiology
Physiology of woody plants
Functions of AHR-1 and CYP-35A subfamily genes in Caenorhabditis elegans
Heart rate variability as a physiological indicator or mental toughness
The concise book of yoga anatomy : an illustrated guide to the science of motion
Animals uncovered : the inside view of living creatures
About your body
Textbook of medical physiology
Sport and exercise physiology
Adventures in human being
Now available with the most current and relevant research from Cell Press, Clark's Molecular Biology, Academic Cell Update Edition, gives readers both the concepts and the applications students need to know to fully grasp Molecular Biology. Clark introduces basic concepts and then follows with specific applications in research today. This book is further enhanced by its inclusion in the Academic Cell collaboration, providing it with links to current and recently published research. Molecular Biology draws in the applications from a number of fields including human cellular research, human medicine, agriculture research and veterinary medicine.
Mathematical physiology
Modulation of growth factor BMP15 and receptor protein ALK-6 effects in vitro and in vivo
Neural mechanisms of bilateral deficit in maximal force production in specific groups of athletes
This state-of-the-art handbook will keep researchers and practitioners in gerontology abreast of the newest theories and models of ageing. With virtually all new contributors and content, this edition contains 35 chapters by the most highly respected luminaries in the field. It addresses theories and concepts built on cumulative knowledge in four disciplinary areas - biology, psychology, social sciences, and policy and practice - as well as landmark advances in trans-disciplinary science. With its explicit focus on theory, the handbook is unique in providing essential knowledge about primary explanations for ageing, spanning from cells to societies. The chapters in the third edition place a strong emphasis on the future of theory development, assessing the current state of theories and providing a roadmap for how theory can shape research, and vice versa, in years to come. Many chapters also address connections between theories and policy or practice. Each set of authors has been asked to consider how theories in their area address matters of diversity and inequalities in aging, and how theories might be revised or tested with these matters in mind. The third edition also contains a new section, "Standing on the Shoulders of Giants", which includes personal essays by senior gerontologists who share their perspectives on the history of ideas in their fields, and on their experiences with the process and prospects of developing good theory. Hallmarks of the third edition: * Highlights important gains in trans-disciplinary theories of ageing.* Emphasises the future of theory development.* Provides insights on theory development from living legends in gerontology.* Examines what human diversity and inequality mean for ageing theories.* Emphasises interconnections between theory, research, intervention, and policy.* Underscores international issues with greater representation of international authors.* Includes section introductions by the editors and associate editors that summarise theoretical developments.Key Features: * Highlights variability and diversity in aging processes, from the cellular level of biological ageing to the societal level of public policy.* Provides insights on theory development from living legends in gerontology.* Offers intergenerational, interdisciplinary, and international perspectives.* Disseminates a forward-thinking, future-oriented focus in theory development.
Effects of feed processing on the apparent ileal digestibility of amino acids in pig diets containing wheat bran or wheat middlings
Changes in muscle CSA and force production of leg extensors during combined strength and endurance training in young men and women : is there any order effect?
Mind hacks : tips & tools for using your brain
Transplacental transfer of food contaminants
Essentials of physiology
Long-term effects of physical training on cardiac function and structure in adolescent cross-country skiers : a 6.5-year longitudinal echocardiographic study
Human anatomy and physiology
The heart : physiology, from cell to circulation
The universe inside you : the extreme science of the human body from quantum theory to the mysteries of the brain
Anatomy & physiology
The human body : an illustrated guide to its structure, function, and disorders
Leukocyte chemotaxis : methods, physiology and clinical implications
Advanced neuromuscular exercise physiology
Muscle development of livestock animals : physiology, genetics, and meat quality
Linking water and carbon cycles : modeling latent heat exchange and dissolved organic carbon
Effects of power versus endurance training on bone metabolism markers, serum hormone concentrations and physical performance in young athletes
Clinical physiology
The arctic region is predicted to experience the earliest and most pronounced global warming response to human-induced climatic change. This book synthesizes information on the physiological ecology of arctic plants, discusses how physiological processes influence ecosystem processes, and explores how climate warming will affect arctic plants, plant communities, and ecosystem processes. It reviews the physiological ecology of arctic plants. It explores biotic controls over community and ecosystems processes. It provides physiological bases for predicting how the Arctic will respond to global climate change.
Sport physiology for coaches
My head-to-toe body book
The body : a complete user's guide : how your body functions and how to keep it healthy and strong
Physiology of the skin
Written within a bio-psychosocial framework, Cavanaugh and Blanchard-Fields' text covers the specific ages-stages of adult development and aging. In its unparalleled coverage of current research and theory, the authors draw clear connections between research and application. The book's focus on "positive aging" and the gains and losses people experience across adulthood distinguish it from its competitors.
Apparent ileal digestibility of amino acids in wet wheat protein and soya bean meal for growing pigs
News in physiological sciences
The role of weight reduction sensitive genes in adipose tissue biology and adipocyte function : special emphasis on the expression of MFAP5 and CPPED1
Fibroblast growth factor signaling in the development of the midbrain and anterior hindbrain
Probing the neural basis of the auditory octave illusion with frequency-tagged magnetoencephalographic signals
The human body book
Nuffield advanced biology. Practical guide 1, Gas exchange and transport in plants and animals
The prediction of three driving quality states of simulated driving by psychophysiological variables with sleep-deprived subjects
Role of temperature in the biological activity of a boreal forest
Offers a comprehensive examination of international potato production. This book discusses how potatoes are managed post harvest, the underlying science behind practices and the influences that can affect final quality. It also describes potato physiology, harvesting techniques and loading procedures as well as optimum storage conditions.
The establishment of efficient methods to culture immunosuppressive mesenchymal stromal cells from cord blood and bone marrowh
