http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23152 enemies
enemies
"On a typical afternoon, teenage Joe is being chased by bullies from school when he accidentally runs through a portal to another world. He finds himself in a training camp for a group of teenage boys and girls who will become Runners. Each cycle, three Runners are sent to place the power sources that will secure the shield that protects their land, Carcassia, and keeps the enemy Kabanians at bay. Once they've achieved their objective, a toxin is released into their bodies and they die. No one is permitted to return through the shield. And nobody can remain in the enemy territory. Joe is sent on the next Run, accompanying the Runner, Kaia. He is hoping that he will find a way back to Earth - much to Kaia's annoyance, as she is focused only on her goal. Gradually, a delicate friendship develops between the two, and Joe wonders if he can save Kaia as well as himself. But as they pursue their Run, Kaia and Joe come to question the histories they've been given, and the ambition of their enemy. The Run suddenly becomes more dangerous than anyone could have envisaged." --Publisher description.
Biological invasions of ecosystem by pests and beneficial organisms : proceedings of an International Workshop ... Tsukuba, Japan, February 25-27, 1997
The dragon arcana
The hermetic millennia
Shadow of the scorpion
Interactions of plant resistance and parasitoids and predators of insects
Atlas of entomopathogenic fungi
Experimental evidence for associational resistance against the European pine sawfly in mixed tree stands
Saga. Volume two
Ravens call
The throne of fire
Targeted killings : law and morality in an asymmetrical world
Mesopolobus graminum (Hårdh) (Hym., Pteromalidae), its population dynamics and influence on Javesella pellucida (F.)
Warning cry
Shred
Importance of generalist epigeal predator species in a cereal field : predation on baits
Gathering voices
The bombs that brought us together
Treason on trial in revolutionary Pennsylvania : the case of John Roberts, miller
The providence of fire
Seed bugs in trophic webs : interactions with resources, competitors and enemies
CRC handbook of natural pesticides. Vol. 5, part A, Microbial insecticides : entomonogenous protozoa and fungi
The Throne of Fire
Freund- und Feindbilder in Schulbüchern = Concepts of friends and enemies in schoolbooks
Carl Schmitt and the politics of hostility, violence and terror
Natural enemies in european horticulture : International Module HAS `s-Hertogenbosch June 1997
Insect pests and their natural enemies on spring oilseed rape in Estonia : impact of cropping systems
In trouble with Primrose Paws
Night star
The hidden oracle
Theory of the partisan : intermediate commentary on the concept of the political
Overview of benefits and risks of using inocula : experience with natural enemies of insects
Egypt : the book of chaos
Biological control of weeds : a world catalogue of agents and their target weeds
The aftermath
Ready player one
Dark heresy creatures anathema: roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
The land girls
Lord of the shadows
Insect pest management and ecological research
Construction of otherness in William Golding's Lord of the Flies
The maiden of ireland
Princess of the silver woods
The Mozart question
The bedroom secrets of the master chefs
Speed machine
Results of the 6th joint pesticide testing programme of the IOBC/WPRS-working group "Pesticides and beneficial organisms"
World crop pests. Vol. 1B, Spider mites : their biology, natural enemies and control
The collaborator
Just call my name
Twilight
Death of Wolverine
The Hidden Oracle
Natural enemy databank 1987 : a catalogue of natural enemies of arthropods derived from records in the CIBC Natural enemy databank
Fluffy strikes back : a P.U.R.S.T. adventure
Organic farming of rapeseed in Finland : ecological basis and first experiences
Written in the blood
Enemy images in war propaganda
Return of the plumed serpent
After angering his father Zeus, the god Apollo is cast down from Olympus. Weak and disorientated, he lands in New York City as a regular teenage boy. Now, without his godly powers, the 4,000-year-old deity must learn to survive in the modern world, until he can somehow find a way to regain Zeus's favour. But Apollo has many enemies - gods, monsters and mortals - who would love to see the former Olympian permanently destroyed. Apollo needs help, and he can think of only one place to go - an enclave of modern demigods known as Camp Half-Blood.
Bulletstorm : PlayStation 3
The last mortal bond
"More than two thousand years ago the Chinese strategist Sun Tzu advised us to know our enemies. The question has always been how. In A Sense of the Enemy, the historian Zachary Shore demonstrates that leaders can best understand an opponent not simply from his pattern of past behavior, but from his behavior at pattern breaks. Meaningful pattern breaks occur during dramatic deviations from the routine, when the enemy imposes costs upon himself. It's at these unexpected moments, Shore explains, that successful leaders can learn what makes their rivals truly tick. Shore presents a uniquely revealing history of twentieth-century conflict. With vivid, suspenseful prose, he takes us into the minds of statesmen, to see how they in turn tried to enter the minds of others. In the process, he shows how this type of mind-reading, which he calls "strategic empathy," shaped matters of war and peace. Mahatma Gandhi, for instance, was an excellent strategic empath.In the wake of a British massacre of unarmed Indian civilians, how did Gandhi know that nonviolence could ever be effective? And what of Gustav Stresemann, the 21-year-old Wunderkind Ph.D., who rose from lobbyist for chocolate makers to Chancellor of Germany. How did he manage to resurrect his nation to great power status after its humiliating loss in World War One? And then there is Le Duan, the shadowy Marxist manipulator who was actually running North Vietnam during the 1960s, as opposed to Ho Chi Minh. How did this rigid ideologue so skillfully discern America's underlying constraints? And, armed with this awareness, how did he construct a grand strategy to defeat the United States? One key to all these leaders' triumphs came from the enemy's behavior at pattern breaks.Drawing on research from the cognitive sciences, and tapping multilingual, multinational sources, Shore has crafted an innovative history of the last century's most pivotal moments, when lives and nations were on the line. Through this curious study of strategic empathy, we gain surprising insights into how great leaders think"--
Occurrence of entomopathogenic fungi and entomoparasitic nematodes in cultivated soils in Finland
When The Guns Fall Silent
The crystal run
The emperor's blades
A sense of the enemy : the high-stakes history of reading your rival's mind
The Kane chronicles
"A bold explanation of how and why national leaders are able--or unable--to correctly analyze and predict the intentions of foreign rivals"--
The Bourne ultimatum
Pesticides and non-target invertebrates
On the contribution of Mesopolobus graminum (Hårdh) (Hym., Pteromalidae) to the shrivelheads of spring wheat
Oath breaker
Rant : an oral biography of Buster Casey
Insurgents, terrorists, and militias : the warriors of contemporary combat
Anvil of stars
