http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23175 television films
television films
Human trafficking
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
A national joke : popular comedy and English cultural identity
The mark of Cain
Script planning : positioning and developing scripts for TV and film
"Genre is central to understanding the industrial context and visual form of television. This new edition of the key textbook on television genre brings together leading international scholars to provide an accessible and comprehensive introduction to the debates, issues and concerns of the field. Structured in eleven sections, The television genre book introduces the concept of 'genre' itself and how it has been understood in television studies, and then addresses the main televisual genres in turn: drama, soap opera, comedy, news, documentary, reality television, children's television, animation and popular entertainment." -- Back cover.
Enviro-Toons : green themes in animated cinema and television
The glow
The intimate screen : early British television drama
Film review. 2002-2003 : including video releases and websites
Film review. 1990-91 : including video releases
Depictions of the ancient world on the stage and in art have always competed with a scholarly approach to the reconstruction of the past. The rise of cinema and television has heightened the difficulty in distinguishing between 'elite' and 'popular' culture. On American TV, Buffy the Vampire Slayer has incorporated aspects of the classical within the high school horror genre. In art cinema, the films of Theo Angelopoulos seek to reclaim Greek myth from academia and claim its recognition as part of a living modern culture. Alexander the Great has been recreated in an animated Japanese television series, not as the western conqueror who spread Hellenistic values through Asia, but as a figure of destruction and renewal. Heroic male values may be reasserted in cinema as part of a conservative agenda that relies on the cultural capital of the past, or subjected to humorous critique or feminist reinterpretation in TV series such as Hercules and Xena: Warrior Princess.
Heidi : Music from the original soundtrack of the NBC Television Special
Monty Python speaks : the complete oral history of Monty Python, as told by the founding members and a few of their many friends and collaborators
Boys from the blackstuff : making a TV drama
From perverts to fab five : the media's changing depiction of gay people and lesbians
Maria Wern. 5, Musta perhonen
Helter skelter : director's cut
Musician's gig library ; Movie & tv hits
The planet of the future
Hysterical blindness
It's easy to play TV action themes
It's Easy To Play Film & TV Themes
Live from Baghdad
Fishing with John
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
Monte Walsh
Marvel Cinematic Universe in translation : a study of intertextual coherence and interfilmic discourse
Film review. 1999-2000 : including video releases
Visible fictions : cinema, television, video
It's a wonderful life : a journey into sound for Mojo by Siouxie Sioux and Steve Severin
The television genre book
A Christmas carol
The psychology of music in multimedia
Camp rock
Everything you want
Alfred Hitchcock presents. Season one
Places of the imagination : media, tourism, culture
Introduction to media production : the path to digital media production
AGAINST THE WIND : the complete original music from the outstanding TV-series and soundtrack album
High school musical. 2
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
Film review. 2000-2001 : including video releases
The hunt for the unicorn killer
The dunera boys
The ifilm digital video : Filmmaker's Handbook
Book, film, televisio : an international comparison of national self-sufficiency in three media
Sex and the city
Film review. 1998-99, including video releases
Writing for visual media
The Sunset Limited
Dirty war
Mediating music through humour : the birth of Pensselisetä
The global film book
Maria Wern. 4, Loputon uni
FILM AND TELEVISION MAKEUP
SFX-17 : TV & FILM THEMES
Ethnic images in american film and television
How to write for television
MacGyver : the tv movies
Alfred Hitchcock presents. Season 1, Discs 3 & 4
High school musical
Encyclopedia of television film directors
Film review. 2004-2005
The Europe of 1500-1815 on film and television : a worldwide filmography of over 2550 works, 1895 through 2000
Film review. 1996-97 : including video releases
Film review. 1995-96 : including video releases
'Then it was destroyed by the Volcano' : the ancient world in film and on television
Hong Kong new wave cinema : 1978-2000
Stephen Kingin Desperation
The complete idiot's guide to screenwriting
Television production
The last day of summer
12 days of terror : kauhu nousee syvyyksistä
So you want to be a screenwriter : how to face the fears and take the risks
The memory keeper's daughter
Messiah V : the rapture
United
Sisters of War
Food for thought : consumer culture ideology in Regular Show
Northern exposure : the official publication of the television series
Popular film and television comedy
In the beginning
Columbo. The complete sixth & seventh season
The West Wing : the American presidency as television drama
Postmodern after-images : a reader in film, television and video
TV & Film collection. Vol.3, Rain man : 16 great TV & film hits
Lonesome Dove : the collector's edition
Film and television scores, 1950-1979 : a critical survey by genre
Columbo : the complete sixth & seventh season
Film review. 2005-2006
Killing Lincoln
Visible fictions : cinema: television: video
Life On Air : memoirs of a Broadcaster
Hollywood speaks : deafness and the film entertainment industry
Its easy to play tv themes
Film review. 1997-98 : including video releases
Noitavainot : Salem witch trials
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
Kung fu killer : the complete series
Alfred Hitchcock presents. Season 1, Discs 5 & 6
Continuity and change : television fiction in Europe : Eurofiction Third Report
Point of view in two Agatha Christie novels : a comparison with the TV adaptations
Sound for film and television
Media Production : a Practical Guide to Radio and TV
Film review. 2003-2004 : includes video releases and websites
Getting into films and television : how to spot the opportunities and find the best way in
Something the lord made
Magical Mystery Tour
