http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2313 safety technology
safety technology safety engineering
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems' security
Integrated Security Systems Design, 2nd Edition, is recognized as the industry-leading book on the subject of security systems design. It explains how to design a fully integrated security system that ties together numerous subsystems into one complete, highly coordinated, and highly functional system.
"From the Physical Security stand point; we are the gate keepers. We are the protectors of the organization from all threats; regardless if they are malicious, internal or environmental. We need to be ever vigilant and confident that the work we are doing will be regarded as a necessary operational function for the overall security and the protection of the asset; to include - employees, information and property. Protection of these three things is the cornerstone of our profession"--
Perimeter security
The Finnish occupational accidents and diseases statistics database employed for safety promotion
Introduction to computer networks and cybersecurity
Experimental testing of a SAG digital SILT application
The worldwide success of wireless communications was originally fueled by the possibility to replace existing cables with wireless solutions. This phenomenon imposed the development of security engineering as a multidisciplinary field. Although wireless solutions can reduce installation costs and allow introducing new services, the end–users expect it to have the same level of security as they would normally have with wired solutions. Secure communications is an important part of the overall security of industrial wireless communications systems (IWCS).The aim of this thesis is to develop new security engineering methodologies for IWCS. The author develops countermeasures against confidentiality and integrity attacks and carries out a security analysis covering the protocol, electromagnetic and physical layer. In the first part of the thesis, Host Identity Protocol (HIP) is utilized to secure communication in an intra–vehicular network. Simulations and measurement campaigns are also conducted to evaluate the impact of the overhead on security in a tunnel, considering line–of–sight (LOS) and non–LOS (NLOS) scenarios.Electromagnetic analysis (EMA) is an important step in the development of safety–related systems. Today, the increasing usage of smaller integrated circuit also increases the susceptibility to electromagnetic (EM) interference. From near–field (NF) to far–field (FF) transformation, a method for the evaluation of the emissions leakage is investigated. The virtual EM (VEM) interface of the device–under–test (DUT) is studied, and it is described how an adversary can exploit it for denial of service (DoS) attacks. An effective jamming attack model is studied, and the theoretical calculations are validated with experiment–based results.Finally, focusing attention on physical layer security, two algorithms are developed. Active radio frequency fingerprinting (RFF) implements the exchange of a public key during the setup of secure communication. Afterwards, utilizing a jamming receiver in conjunction with the spread spectrum (SS) watermarking technique, the watermark–based blind physical layer security (WBPLSec) protocol is presented. The analysis and results indicate how the WBPLSec seems to be a valuable technique for deploying physical layer security by creating a secure region around the receiver.
The design and evaluation of physical protection systems
Security supervision and management : theory and practice of asset protection
Human factors in auditory warnings
Three best practices from Finland : quality work in the Finnish public sector
Surveillance society : monitoring everyday life
Electronic security systems : a manager's guide to evaluating and selecting system solutions
Review of machinery risk prevention through efforts expended on design, management, quality, ergonomics and usability
BIM-based safety management and communication for building construction
Practical airport operations, safety, and emergency management : protocols for today and the future
Surveillance studies : an overview
Digital signal processing in power system protection and control
Building security : strategies & costs : risk assessment, security planning, cost data for construction & security systems
Koneturvallisuus : henkilön havaitsevien turvalaitteiden käyttö = Safety of machinery : application of protective equipment to detect the presence of persons
If loss in interbank confidence regarding banking sector balance sheets intensified the crisis in 2008, banks' faltering confidence in other banks' systems could cause the next crisis, experts warn. Confidence is vital to the financial system, and as account balances are situated in cyberspace, confidence in the numbers on the screen is of the utmost importance. From a practical point of view it is irrelevant whether a loss of confidence is due to the realisation of financial market risks or cyber risks..
Eyes everywhere : the global growth of camera surveillance
Engineering in emergencies : a practical guide for relief workers
Security planning and design : a guide for architects and building design professionals
Physical and technical security : an introduction
Aluminium structures in the entertainment industry
Licensing process for safety-critical software-based systems
Security supervision and management : the theory and practice of asset protection
Intelligent video surveillance : systems and technology
Mass notification and crisis communications : planning, preparedness, and systems
Evolutionary cloud for cooperative UAV coordination
Newnes electronic security systems pocket book
Integrated security systems design : a complete reference for building enterprise-wide digital security systems
Facility manager̕ s guide to security : protecting your assets
150 things you should know about security
Information security and technology
Information and Communication Support for Crisis Prevention and Management : SeNTRE WP5 Workshop, preparation for the 7th framework of the European Union, November 15, 2005, Brussels, Belgium
21st century security and CPTED : designing for critical infrastructure protection and crime prevention
Private security
Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association : AFCEA Helsinki Chapters 10 years
Physical security : 150 things you should know
Health & safety at work : an essential guide for managers
Security measurement for LTE/SAE during single radio voice call continuity (SRVCC)
Smart technologies for safety engineering
An influential guide to maritime emergencies and the current strategies that can be employed to cope with the immediate after effects and ramifications of disaster at sea. Many mariners will at some point in their maritime careers become involved in one sort of emergency or another, while in port or at sea, whether it is a fire on board, a collision with another vessel or an engine failure threatening a lee shore. Actions to take in such incidents can be the difference between survival and catastrophic loss.This text provides a direct insight into some of the latest incidents and includes: cas
Safety and health essentials : for small businesses
Business espionage : risk, threats, and countermeasures
Could a cyber attack lead to financial crisis?
Hotel and motel loss prevention : a management perspective
Information and communication support for crisis prevention and management : preparation for the 7th framework of the European Union ; editors: Jorma Kajava ... [et al.]
The Facilities Management Handbook gives a complete overview of the role of a Facilities Manager. It provides all the relevant legal compliance, strategic policies and best practice information needed to ensure the safe, efficient and cost-effective running of any facilities function. Complete with checklists and sources of further information, this book offers easy-to-find practical advice to this broad and complex field. This new edition reflects the greater awareness of sustainable practices, as well as bringing the book up-to-date in line with changes to legislation. This title: clearly explains UK Health & Safety legislation providing unambiguous information needed for legal compliance; gives an overview to the diverse duties covered by a facilities manager, eliminating the need for separate references; and, includes checklists and sources of further information for easy-to-find advice.
Feasibility studies of safety assessment methods for programmable automation systems : final report of the AVV Project
usability and security in medication administration applications
"The Complete Guide to Physical Security gives readers a comprehensive understanding of modern-day physical security best practices. Employing both theory-based and real-world approaches, it examines general business principles as they relate to security. The book goes beyond the concepts of the three G's (guns, gates and guards) and instead explains the importance of physical security to accomplish the overall mission of the organization. The book enables security managers to develop a program that utilizes all security personnel's talents, emphasizing that the security team must work synergistically with all facets of the organization for the ultimate in protection and success"--
Development of microbial analysis : faster detection and business opportunities
Enhancing the usability of telecare devices
Security metrics management : measuring the effectiveness and efficiency of a security program
Usage models in reliability assessment of software-based systems
General aviation security : aircraft, hangars, fixed-base operations, flight schools, and airports
Industrial espionage : developing a counterespionage program
Informaatioteknologia : turvallisuustekniikat : tietoturvallisuuden hallintajärjestelmät : vaatimukset = Information technology : security technology : security techniques : information security management systems : requirements
Crime, security and surveillance : effects for the surveillant and the surveilled
Overview on different sterilization techniques for baby food
Protection of assets : physical security
Port security management
Mobile augmented teleguidance-based safety navigation concept for senior citizens
Maximizing profitability with safety culture development
Occupational safety and health aspects of corporate social responsibility
Advances in biometrics for secure human authentication and recognition
Health and safety ... in brief
The soft cage : surveillance in America from slavery to the war on terror
What’s in your smart wallet? Challenges and roadblocks
Mesoporous silicon particles designed for nanomedical applications
Security : an introduction
Hypoxic air venting for protection of heritage
Security operations management
The complete guide to physical security
Cyber security culture : counteracting cyber threats through organizational learning and training
Security and loss prevention : an introduction
Marine emergencies : for masters and mates
Large-scale high-performance video surveillance
Safety, comfort and convenience systems
Rigging for entertainment : regulations and practice
The hyperspectral and smartphone technology in CBRNE countermeasures and defence
Logistics and transportation security : a strategic, tactical, and operational guide to resilience
Physical security and safety : a field guide for the practitioner
Building services handbook
Database connection from a Java Applet
Security 2020 : Reduce security risks this decade
Effective physical security
Using the DMAIC Model to Manage Machine Defects
Safety equipment for human detection
Decision-making by construction companies on locking products and competitor analysis of the locking markets in St. Petersburg
"This book addresses the need for security, how to identify the threat against and level of security needed to protect assets, and security theories and concepts used to provide an acceptable level of security. Security practices are intermingled with safety issues. OSHA and Fire Regulations complement an overall loss prevention program. This text introduces the Security practitioner to basic tenets of safety and safety management. Safety practitioners will find this book of value in understanding physical security theories, concerns, and practices"--
Engineering a safer world : systems thinking applied to safety
Visibility of exit signs and low-location lighting in smoky conditions
Experimental testing of an ABB Master application
Digital video surveillance and security
TUKES review : news from Safety Technology Authority
Enhanced communication security and mobility management in small-cell networks
Abstract: Decision-making by construction companies on locking products and competitor analysis of the locking markets in St. Petersburg.
"Sea and freshwater ports are a key component of U.S. critical infrastructure and are vital to maintaining the global and domestic economy. The September 11th attacks in the U.S. marked a paradigm shift in the security of transportation systems including the port and shipping industries. This has led to an increased emphasis on port security. This fully updated second edition covers the latest on continuously changing legislation regarding federal mandates, credentializing employees, securing vessels, and cargo security. The book focuses on best practices, providing real-world solutions to law enforcement authorities and security management professionals"--Provided by publisher.
Safety management system in air navigation services and airport operations
Human factors for the design, operation, and maintenance of mining equipment
Minimum invasive fire detection for protection of heritage
An institutional evaluation of the Safety Technology Authority of Finland (TUKES)
Safety upgrades and progress in waste management at Finnish nuclear power plants
Safety management systems : audit tools and reliability of auditing
Usability and security in medication administration applications
Information security policies, procedures, and standards : a practitioner's reference
Introduction to surveillance studies
Machine-to-machine Communications : Architectures, Technology, Standards, and Applications
The effect of filter solidity and face velocity on the penetration and pressure drop of fibrous aerosol filters operated in the inertial interception regime
The surveillance studies reader
Heavy weather sailing
