http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23124 greed
greed
Fool's gold : how unrestrained greed corrupted a dream, shattered global markets and unleashed a catastrophe
Needy and greedy
The pearl
This is your life
The greedy python
The dream of the Celt
Charlie and the chocolate factory
It's all mine!, or, Little Raven's mischief
Injustice : why social inequality persists
Hogfather : a Discworld novel
Ghost rescue and the greedy Gorgonzolas
Liar's poker : two cities, true greed
As Jeff Madrick makes clear, the single-minded pursuit of huge personal wealth has been on the rise in the United States since the 1970s, led by a few individuals who argue that self-interest guides society more effectively than community concerns. In telling the stories of these politicians, economists, and financiers who declared a moral battle for freedom but instead gave rise to an age of greed, Madrick traces the lineage of some of our nation's most pressing economic problems. He begins with Walter Wriston, head of what would become Citicorp, who led the battle against government regulation. He examines the ideas of economist Milton Friedman, who created the plan for an anti-Rooseveltian America; the politically expedient decisions of Richard Nixon that fueled inflation; the philosophy of Alan Greenspan, on whose libertarian ideology a house of cards was built on Wall Street; and Sandy Weill, who constructed the largest financial institution in the world, which would have gone bankrupt in 2008 without a federal bailout.--From publisher description.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
House of Cards: How Wall Street's Gamblers Broke Capitalism
Dora saves the Crystal Kingdom
Greed and injustice in classical Athens
The mine
Greed : why we can't help ourselves
The Reaver
Bellman & Black : [a ghost story]
The winter of our discontent
Robert Ludlum's The Hades factor : a covert-one novel
Hogfather
Moo la la! : cow goes shopping
The colour of magic : a Discworld novel
"In the 4th book of the multi-author Sundering series launched by New York Times best-selling author R.A. Salvatore, Richard Lee Byers introduces Anton Marivaldi--a renowned reaver with an insatiable thirst for bounty and a moral compass that always leads him toward the evil he's never tried.  Endless, pounding rain afflict the Sea of Fallen Stars and the coastal regions surrounding it. Harvests are failing, travel and trade are disrupted, and civilized forces are giving way to the deluges caused by the storms. In panic and despair, many have turned to the goddess Umberlee, Queen of the Deeps, offering her sacrifices with hope that they will be spared the inevitable reckoning of her perpetual tempest.  Evendur Highcastle, undead pirate captain, risen from the depths to assume the mantle of Umberlee's Chosen, takes advantage of the people's desperation to strike for both spiritual and temporal power in her name.  Vying with Highcastle for the hearts and minds of the people is Stedd Whitehorn, a little boy and the chosen of a god thought lost to time: Lathander, the Morninglord. In a time of such upheaval, Stedd's message of renewal and hope runs in stark contrast to the savage ethos of Highcastle and his waveservants.  When Anton captures the boy in order to collect Highcastle's considerable bounty, the reaver is quickly caught in the riptide caused by the sundering of worlds"--
Roald Dahl's phizz-whizzing audio collection
The fever tree
Cheese belongs to you!
There will be blood
Death in holy orders
Marvin wanted more!
Before the devil knows you're dead
A provocative and biting tragicomedy of greed and corruption. Blind, deaf, and disfigured, the 197 citizens of the Village of Liven enjoy a peaceful lifestyle. But when an unseasonal snowstorm wipes out the grain crops, a county official convinces the villagers to set up a travelling freak-show showcasing their disabilities. Yan boldly plunges into the psychic gap between China's decades-old conditioned response to communist doctrine and its redefinition of itself as a capitalist power, creating with bold, carnivalesque strokes a heartbreaking story of greed, corruption, and the dangers of utopia.
The testament
Diamonds
Everything she ever wanted
Redemption in indigo : a novel
In review of greed and grievance theories : the causes of the civil war in Sierra Leone
The complete adventures of Charlie and Mr Willy Wonka
The club of angels
The black tower : an Adam Dalgliesh mystery
This is not a game
The star-faced crocodile
The magic fish
Wall Street : money never sleeps
The colour of magic
Don't be greedy, Graham : a cautionary tale
The black tower
Guards! Guards! : a Discworld novel
The colour
The sign of four
The dark lord of Derkholm
al-Yaraqah al-jai'ah jiddan = The very hungry caterpillar
Age of greed : the triumph of finance and the decline of America, 1970 to the present
Robert Ludlum's the Hades factor
Cow thinks everything the other animals have is absolutely amazing and wants it for herself. But when she finally does get everything, she has no idea what she's getting herself into! A very silly story, with a worthwhile message - all told in a witty way.
"Barkskins opens in New France in the late 18th century as Rene Sel, an illiterate woodsman makes his way from Northern France to the homeland to seek a living. Bound to a "seigneur" for three years in exchange for land, he suffers extraordinary hardship and violence, always in awe of the forest he is charged with clearing. In the course of this epic novel, Proulx tells the stories of Rene's children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren, as well as the descendants of his friends and foes, as they travel back to Europe, to China, to New England, always in quest of a livelihood or fleeing stunningly brutal conditions--war, pestilence, Indian attacks, the revenge of rivals. Proulx's inimitable genius is her creation of characters who are so vivid--in their greed, lust, vengefulness, or their simple compassion and hope--that we follow them with fierce attention. This is Proulx's most ambitious novel ever, and her master work"--
No room for Napoleon
Two of the deadliest : the best new crime stories by female writers
Birds of prey
Daves breakfast blast off
The crane wife
An economic theory of greed, love, groups, and networks
Greedy - Joe-sedän perilliset
Give that back, Jack! : a cautionary tale
The king of torts
