http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23265 IT support
IT support
Telephone and helpdesk skills : a guide to professional English
Developing Sievo's customer support
Bring your own devices (BYOD) survival guide
Re-engineering end-user support in distributed organizational computing : moving from a reactive to a proactive mode of operation
Automated Customer Support System
ITIL for Dummies
The IT regulatory and standards compliance handbook
Object-oriented programming in WCDMA BTS DSP software
Applications of decision-aiding software
Remedy inventory and ticketing system
With the changing technology, many companies are changing their systems from manual based systems to automated systems. These provide assistance for people who deal with large volumes of diverse types of rapidly changing information. Relational databases incorporated with sophisticated programs allow the user to perform complex analysis in a way that improves the speed and quality of work .The vision of many companies is to computerize their systems to improve production and efficiency and thus be more profitable. The purpose of the thesis was to create a database that manages both the ICT equipments and the help desk in an organization. The Remedy Inventory and Ticketing System application was developed using Ms Access 2003 for the Ministry of Education in Kenya. The thesis is divided into two parts, the first part of the thesis, the author was able illustrate the steps in designing and developing a relational database. The author compares the current system and the proposed system. The current help desk system is using Ms Excel files to manage its data and there is no ICT equipment database in operation. Where else the later part shows the actual design and development of the RITS application given the entities provided by the client organization, backing up and ensuring security for the database. The result of this study shows that though RITS, the proposed system tries to eliminate the faults in the current system, it does not completely eliminate them. It needs to be improved by the use of better, in-the-market applications like SQL and Oracle.
A guide to computer user support for help desk and support specialists
The role of a service desk manager is to provide the single point of contact between an IT organisation and its users. Responsibilities include developing, implementing, monitoring and improving processes and procedures. This essential guide covers areas such as purpose, required skills and career progression.
Service operation
On-site support and service desk operations enhancement and optimization
Service transition
Refining the online technical support experience : screencasts as a tool of independent learning
A guide to customer service skills for the service desk professional
If you are a non-native English speaker and make telephone calls as part of your work, then this book is for you. By applying the suggested guidelines, you will stand a much greater chance of making an effective telephone call. You will learn how to: prepare for a call both psychologically and from an English language point of view receive calls (if you work on reception) leave messages find out about another company and talk about your own company chase people (i.e. people who have not followed up your requests) deal with difficult calls and callers, and improve your telephone manner use the telephone while working on a help desk or helpline resolve language difficulties (i.e. when you cannot understand the other person's English) improve your pronunciation use resources on the Internet to improve your listening skills The book concludes with a chapter of useful phrases.
Major incident procedure : case OMX Group
Software development : an open source approach
ITIL IT service management : 100 most asked questions on IT service management and ITIL foundation certification, training and exams
Service desk best practices : templates, documents and examples of the service desk in the public domain plus access to content on demand online for downloading
The accidental systems librarian
How to manage the IT helpdesk : a guide for user support and call centre managers
25 years anniversary anthology in computers and law
ITIL V3 Foundation complete certification kit : study guide
Help desk, service desk best practice handbook : building, running and managing effective support : ready to use supporting documents bringing ITIL theory into practice
Managing services in the cloud : cloud computing certification kit
Managing academic support services in universities : the convergence experience
Transform and grow your help desk into a service desk within service operation : service desk, help desk best practice within service operation
A decision support system for water protection in agriculture
The accidental sysadmin handbook : a primer for early level IT professionals
Effective help desk specialist skills
Service desk and incident manager : careers in IT service management
This book explains and then helps readers live with the psycho-techno phenomenon that is bring your own technology (BYOT). Readers will learn how to understand these new end-users and their demands, as well as the strategic and tactical ramifications of these demands. Next, it covers the broad range of technical considerations such as selection, connectivity, training, support, and security. The text includes best practices and case studies of well-known companies, including IBM, Ford, and CarFax
Service strategy
A guide to computer user support for help desk & support specialists
ITIL V3 Foundation complete certification kit : study book and eLearning program
Adopting open source software : a practical guide
