http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23228 world powers (empires)
world powers (empires)
Moon's artifice
Empire : how Britain made the modern world
In the long history of the British Empire there are few stories as singular as that of Margery Perham. From the moment she first set foot on African soil in 1921, to her death over sixty years later, Perham was focused on the ways and means of Britain's administration of its African domains. She acquired an unrivalled expertise in all aspects of this branch of empire: its systems of governance and those who administered them; its economic impact; its geo-strategic implications and its effect on Africans, including their sense of nationalism and attitudes towards the end of empire. She spent a long and varied career exploring the continent as a traveller, academic, prolific author, and high-level government policy adviser. In later years, Dame Margery Perham, as she became in 1965, was Britain's best-known voice on the end of empire and African independence. In this new biography, the first of its kind and based primarily on Perham's extensive private papers, C. Brad Faught tells her life story in all its richness while throwing fresh light on Britain's twentieth-century imperial experience.
At home with the empire : metropolitan culture and the imperial world
"Dividing the realm in order to govern" : the spatial organization of the Song state (960-1276 CE)
Forward the foundation
Infinity. Volume 1, Nothing lasts forever
War and peace and war : the life cycles of Imperial Nations
The metabarons. #2 : Aghnar & Oda
The Rex board game retells the epic struggle for Mecatol Rex after the death of the last Lazax emperor. Each player take the role of a powerful galactic race with unique special powers and starting positions. Throughout the game, players strive to outmaneuver their opponents in order to control the most impotant districts of Mecatol Rex. To succeed, players must use clever negotiation and tactical planning while unstable alliances are formed, armies are mustered, and traitors unmasked. Whether you choose the path of negotiation or all-out war, the fate of Mecatol Rex, and perhaps that of the galaxy, lies in your hands.
Empire : the Russian empire and its rivals
The rule of empires : those who built them, those who endured them, and why they always fall
"Ancient Rome is a magnificent volume that traces the dramatic history of the Roman Empire, paying particular attention to its rise and fall and its lasting social, cultural, military, and political influence. From great feats and everyday customs, to works of art and household objects, this comprehensive account offers a fascinating insight into the highly complex and sophisticated society that once ruled the world. Authoritative text by Anna Maria Liberati and Fabio Bourbon analyzes the development of the Roman Empire by examining all aspects of the Eternal City including the economic, legal, and military system of the conquered regions; the organization of the most powerful army in the ancient world; the town-planning problems and successes; the construction systems used to erect the great Roman public monuments; and even the smallest curiosities of everyday life."--BOOK JACKET.
Novelized, televised, and endlessly scrutinized by scholars, the fall of the Roman Republic marks one of history's great turning points. Historians have studied the descent of the Republic into civil war as a great political tragedy, a warning from the past about the unsustainability of empires; political scientists have labeled it a parable about militarism, populism, moral decay, or the inevitable corruption of political systems. Yet the familiar story of the Roman Republic's downfall continues to be the story of its elites. What if we started thinking about Roman politics not from the perspectives of Caesar and Cicero, but from the point of view of the soldier, the peasant, or the pauper? In an original account of what he calls Rome's revolution, Richard Alston reinscribes these humble protagonists into their tumultuous era. They, like the ruthless aristocrats they swore allegiance to, were political agents, negotiating their positions in the context of a "failed state." Rome's Revolution blends riveting historical narrative with socio-economic analysis, restoring a rich context to the cataclysmic violence of the period. In addition to chronicling the drama of aristocratic rivalries, the book digs beneath the high politics of Cicero, Caesar, Antony and Octavian to examine the problems of making a living in first-century BC Italy. Portraying the revolution as the crisis of a violent society - both among the citizenry and among a ruling class whose legitimacy was dwindling - Rome's Revolution provides new insight into the motivations that drove men to march on their capital city and slaughter their compatriots.
Weapons of the Metabaron
History of the Byzantine state
Pax Romana : war, peace and conquest in the Roman world
Europa universalis III : Chronicles : PC CD-ROM
Into Africa : the imperial life of Margery Perham
Foundation and empire
Imperial matter : Ancient Persia and the archaeology of empires
Atlas of Empires
Prophet. 1 : Remission
The decline and fall of the British empire 1781-1997
The age of empires
Foundation
Empires : the logic of world domination from ancient Rome to the United States
In the shadow of empire : reclaiming the Bible as a history of faithful resistance
Prophet. 4 : Joining
The concise untold history of the United States
Second Foundation
Second foundation
Why America is not a new Rome
Foundation and Empire is the story of first contact between the two Foundations of Hari Seldon. The Seldon Plan guided the First Foundation safely through two centuries of chaos as the Galactic Empire disintegrated. Seldon's recorded holographic image appeared in the Council Chamber on Terminus at moments of crisis predicted by pshychohistory, and his voice was heard. Even war between the Foundation and the remains of the Empire was foreseen - and planned for - by the great scientist.But Seldon had no way of predicting the birth of the Mule, a mutant of uncanny power and unlimited ambition. The Mule's conquests are effortless and his subjects mind-controlled slaves.The Foundation is powerless against the supernormal force the Mule exerts. The Seldon Plan is in tatters. Two men and a woman from Terminus flee to the ruins of might Trantor in an effort to discover where the mysterious Second Foundation was established. Its help is needed desperately against the mental powers of the Mule. But the Mule, using those same astonishing powers, is also looking for the Second Foundation.
World without end : the global empire of Philip II
Infinity. Volume 1
Prelude to Foundation
Saladin : the life, the legend and the Islamic empire
Augustus : From revolutionary to Emperor
Sophia : princess, suffragette, revolutionary
Revolt of the scribes : resistance and apocalyptic origins
Rome's revolution : death of the republic and birth of the empire
Elegies for empire : aspects of nostalgia and illusion in Virginia Woolf
The metabarons. #1 : Othon & Honorata
It is 498 years since the two Foundations came into existence - half-way through the Interregnum planned by Hari Seldon. The Second Foundation has once more successfully concealed its existence so that the laws of psychohistory can operate to usher in a new Empire ruled by the mental sciences. The Second Foundation is thought to be extinct...except by Councilman Golan Trevize. Trevize fears that the mysterious Second Foundation will bid for power once a new Galactic Empire is established. To prevent Trevize spreading alarm' the Mayor of Terminus exiles him to the abandoned ruins of Trantor. Accompanying Trevize is Janov Pelorat' Professor of Ancient History at the University of Terminus. Pelorat hopes to find on Trantor a clue to the location of the planet that gave birth to the human race. His belief in the existence of Earth is considered as far-fetched as Trevize's belief that the Second Foundation endures.
After Tamerlane : the global history of empire since 1405
The untold history of the United States
The government medical service and British missions in colonial Malawi, c. 1891–1940 : crucial collaboration, hidden conflicts
Empires - vast states of territories and peoples united by force and ambition - have dominated the political landscape for more than two millennia. "Empires in World History" departs from conventional European and nation-centered perspectives to take a remarkable look at how empires relied on diversity to shape the global order. Beginning with ancient Rome and China and continuing across Asia, Europe, the Americas, and Africa, Jane Burbank and Frederick Cooper examine empires' conquests, rivalries, and strategies of domination - with an emphasis on how empires accommodated, created, and manipulated differences among populations. Burbank and Cooper examine Rome and China from the third century BCE, empires that sustained state power for centuries. They delve into the militant monotheism of Byzantium, the Islamic Caliphates, and the short-lived Carolingians, as well as the pragmatically tolerant rule of the Mongols and Ottomans, who combined religious protection with the politics of loyalty. Burbank and Cooper discuss the influence of empire on capitalism and popular sovereignty, the limitations and instability of Europe's colonial projects, Russia's repertoire of exploitation and differentiation, as well as the 'empire of liberty' - devised by American revolutionaries and later extended across a continent and beyond. With its investigation into the relationship between diversity and imperial states, "Empires in World History" offers a fresh approach to understanding the impact of empires on the past and present.
“Empire is a state of mind” : imagining Eurasia in Russia
Prophet. 3 : Empire
Modernism and the post-colonial : literature and Empire 1885-1930
Day of empire : how hyperpowers rise to global dominance - and why they fall
Rex : Final days of an empire
When the First Foundation was conquered by a force Seldon had not foreseen the overwhelming power of a single individual, a mutant called the Mule - the second Foundation was forced to reveal it's existence and, infinitely worse, a portion of its power. One man understood the shifting patterns of the inhabited cosmos. This was Hari Seldon, the last great scientist of the First Empire. The mathematics of psychohistory enabled Seldon to predict the collapse of the Empire and the onset of an era of chaos and war. To restore civilization in the shortest possible time, Seldon set up two Foundations. The First was established on Terminus in the full daylight of publicity. But the Second, "at the other end of the galaxy", took shape behind a veil of total silence. Because the Second Foundation guards the laws of psychohistory, which are valid only so long as they remain secret. So far the second Foundation's location, it's most closely guarded secret of all, has been kept hidden. The Mule and the remnants of the First Foundation will do anything to discover it.
Tributary empires in global history
The ideas and ideals of the British Empire
Reflections on empire
The age of progress : a survey of European history from 1789-1870
Prophet. 5, Earth war
"What is the role of the material world in shaping the tensions and paradoxes of imperial sovereignty? Scholars have long shed light on the complex processes of conquest, extraction, and colonialism under imperial rule. But imperialism has usually been cast as an exclusively human drama, one in which the world of matter does not play an active role. Lori Khatchadourian argues instead that things - from everyday objects to monumental buildings - profoundly shape social and political life under empire. Out of the archaeology of ancient Persia and the South Caucasus, Imperial Matter advances powerful new analytical approaches to the study of imperialism writ large and should be read by scholars working on empire across the humanities and social sciences."--Provided by publisher. What is the role of the material world in shaping the tensions and paradoxes of imperial sovereignty? Scholars have long shed light on the complex processes of conquest, extraction, and colonialism under imperial rule. But imperialism has usually been cast as an exclusively human drama, one in which the world of matter does not play an active role. Lori Khatchadourian argues instead that things - from everyday objects to monumental buildings - profoundly shape social and political life under empire. Out of the archaeology of ancient Persia and the South Caucasus, Imperial Matter advances powerful new analytical approaches to the study of imperialism writ large and should be read by scholars working on empire across the humanities and social sciences.
A pioneering volume comparing the great historical empires, such as the Roman, Mughal and Ottoman. Leading interdisciplinary thinkers study tributary empires from diverse perspectives, illuminating the importance of these earlier forms of imperialism to broaden our perspective on modern concerns about empire and the legacy of colonialism.
Eclipse of empire? : perceptions of the western empire and its rulers in late-medieval France
Communications, media and the imperial experience : Britain and India in the twentieth century
Empires in world history : power and the politics of difference
Civilization : the six killer apps of Western power
An introduction to the Old Testament : sacred texts and imperial contexts of the Hebrew Bible
Peoples and empires : Europeans and the rest of the world, from antiquity to the present
Imperial Japan at its zenith : the wartime celebration of the empire's 2,600th anniversary
The Mongol empire : Genghis Khan, his heirs and the founding of modern China
The metabarons. #3 : Steelhead & Doña Vicenta
The crisis of empire after 1918
Prophet. 2 : Brothers
The Pax Romana provided a remarkable period of peace and stability, rarely seen before or since. Yet the Romans were first and foremost conquerors, imperialists who took by force a vast empire stretching from the Euphrates in the east to the Atlantic coast in the west. They were aggressive and ruthless, and during the creation of their empire millions died or were enslaved. But the Pax Romana was real, not merely the boast of emperors, and some of the regions in the Empire have never again lived for so many generations free from major wars. So what was the Pax Romana and what did it mean for the people who found themselves brought under Roman rule? Adrian Goldsworthy tells the story of the creation of the Empire, revealing how and why the Romans came to control so much of the world and asking whether the favourable image of the Roman peace is a true one.
Ancient Rome : history of a civilization that ruled the world
Understanding the British Empire
The rise and fall of a great nation
The golden age : the Spanish empire of Charles V
Media and the British Empire
The Metabarons : ultimate collection
The sword and the stylus : an invitation to wisdom in the age of empires
Elric of Melniboné
Elric. Volume 1 : The ruby throne
Foundation's edge
