http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23244 political ecology
political ecology
The atlas of African affairs
Subterranean struggles : new dynamics of mining, oil, and gas in Latin America
In the midst of ecology, conservation, and competing interests in the society
The arid lands : history, power, knowledge
Displacement and resettlement : the livelihoods of resettlers and hosts in Western Oromia, Ethiopia
Restructuring South Asian security
In the midst of the current ecological crisis, there is often lofty talk of the need for humanity to overcome its divisions and work together to tackle the big challenges of our time. But as this new book by Razmig Keucheyan shows, the real picture is very different.
Between rights and drought : socio-poltical perspectives of water scarcity in a Moroccan oasis
"Governments across the world are concerned about the future of world order. This original, timely and innovative collection is the first to consider the interconnections between energy, capitalism and the future of world order from the angle of critical political economy. In its wide-ranging chapters, the authors analyze these interlocking topics from three closely assoicated perspectives: energy, capitalism and international theory; energy capitalism and the making of world order; and energy and capitalism in the 21st century. The first section includes important examinations of energy and capitalism, the international trade system and the threat of peak oil to liberalism. The second offers pioneering chapters on petroleum and development in the global south, US-Canadian energy relations and the politics of transitioning to a post-carbon era in the age of climate change. Finally, the book concludes by exploring key new and worrying developments such as the revolution in biofuels, the excavation of Canadian tar sands and the rise of hydraulic fracturing"--Back cover.
The future
The pursuit of ecotopia : lessons from indigenous and traditional societies for the human ecology of our modern world
Theorising welfare : enlightenment and modern society
Reigning the river : urban ecologies and political transformation in Kathmandu
Ecology, politics and violent conflict
The greening of Marxism
Environmental issues facing Tibetan pastoral communities
Rational ecology : environment and political economy
Urbanization without cities : the rise and decline of citizenship
Transforming the frontier : peace parks and the politics of neoliberal conservation in southern Africa
Fertile grounds? : collective strategies and the political ecology of soil management in Uganda
The local politics of global sustainability
Political ideologies : an introduction
Everyday environmentalism : creating an urban political ecology
Environmentalism and political theory : toward an ecocentric approach
"The Routledge Handbook of Political Ecology presents a comprehensive and authoritative examination of the rapidly growing field of political ecology. Located at the intersection of geography, anthropology, sociology, and environmental history, political ecology is one of the most vibrant and conceptually diverse fields of inquiry into nature-society relations within the social sciences. The Handbook serves as an essential guide to this rapidly evolving intellectual landscape. With contributions from over 50 leading authors, the Handbook presents a systematic overview of political ecology's origins, practices and core concerns, and aims to advance both ongoing and emerging debates. While there are numerous edited volumes, textbooks, and monographs under the heading 'political ecology,' these have tended to be relatively narrow in scope, either as collections of empirically based (mostly case study) research on a given theme, or broad overviews of the field aimed at undergraduate audiences. The Routledge Handbook of Political Ecology is the first systematic, comprehensive overview of the field. With authors from North and South America, Europe, Australia and elsewhere, the Handbook of Political Ecology provides a state of the art examination of political ecology; addresses ongoing and emerging debates in this rapidly evolving field; and charts new agendas for research, policy, and activism. The Routledge Handbook of Political Ecology introduces political ecology as an interdisciplinary academic field. By presenting a 'state of the art' examination of the field, it will serve as an invaluable resource for students and scholars. It not only critically reviews the key debates in the field, but develops them"--
The theory of ecologically unequal exchange (EUE) posits that contemporary international trade facilitates a net flow of resources from the peripheral global South to feed industrial processes and capital accumulation in the core North. This situation, it is argued, imperils the development of the South. Trade is a socio-metabolic process which can be analyzed through systemic aggregate approaches or LCA. Most empirical EUE methods apply the economy-wide systemic approaches. LCA is commonly used to compare embodied resource intensities of different commodities but has not been used to assess EUE. An LCA-based EUE assessment methodology which simultaneously investigates the free-market ideology is developed and tested on trade of Dutch cheese for Kenyan coffee and roses. It has two parts: i) Determination of embodied resource intensity per unit of product and ii) Determination (and comparison) of resource intensity per unit of exchange value. Specifically, the exchange of embodied land, water, energy, CO2, and labor are examined. The results confirm the EUE theory’s hypothesis. EUE theory remains marginalized in relation to mainstream economic doctrine. To enhance its utilization, the core tenets or claims of EUE theory are synthesized and translated into policy assessment criteria. The key claims are discussed in terms of i)Structure of the capitalist world-economy, ii) Valuation languages, and iii) Equity and justice. The treadmill logic of capitalism in which capital extracts ecological resources and releases waste in an endless pursuit of profits creates an expansionary dynamic which draws peripheral countries into exploitative market relations. This peripheralization is actively supported by ‘free-trade’ economic theories presented as win-win policies, while states and international politico-economic institutions such as the WTO and WorldBank provide the regulations which ensure the proper functioning of the system. Monetary valuation caps it all by obscuring the inverse relationship between thermodynamics and economics in which raw (low entropy) materials are lowly priced while processed goods which have dissipated most of their matter-energy (and thus represent high entropy) are highly priced, ensuring that surplus value and resources accumulates in industrialized countries. The dominant economic conception of the world system is being challenged by a “cultural” perspective which offers a postcolonial critique of the cultural hegemony of the Global North, beyond political economy. I apply this analytic shift to argue that EUE can also be conceived as a social process of Othering. Our understandings of economy and the environment reflect past experiences,present preoccupations, socio-cultural assumptions, and specific discursive practices – a Political Unconscious. Global environmental politics cannot be understood without considering such assumptions. Conventional hegemonic discourses of neoliberalism and ecomodernism suffer from such a political unconscious. Borrowing perspectives from postcolonial, feminist, and critical social theories, I discuss how Western science exhibit such a political unconscious and their significance for EUE. Ultimately, EUE is a political problem which can only be solved politically.
Co-operative environmental governance : public-private agreements as a policy strategy
Encyclopedia of language and education. Volume 9, Ecology of language
Urban forests, trees and greenspace : a political ecology perspective
Global ecopolitics : crisis, governance, and justice
The international handbook of political ecology
Art : 21 : art in the twenty-first century 4. Vol. 4
Vibrant matter : a political ecology of things
Fields of green and gold : territorial hunger, rural planning, and the political ecologies of high-end golf
Thorstein Veblen's contribution to environmental sociology : essays in the political ecology of wasteful industrialism
Technonatures : environments, technologies, spaces, and places in the twenty-first century
Fair enough? : ecologically unequal exchange, international trade, and environmental justice
What on earth do you think all these things are for?
A political ecology of women, water and global environmental change
Environmental security : an introduction
Water, power and identity : the cultural politics of water in the Andes
Politics of nature : how to bring the sciences into democracy
The nature of the state : excavating the political ecologies of the modern state
Beyond left and right : The Future of Radical Politics ; Anthony Giddens
Risk society : towards a new modernity
Modern political ecological analysis
Post-ecologist politics : social theory and the abdication of the ecologist paradigm
Much current commentary on climate change, both secular and theological, focuses on the duties of individual citizens to reduce their consumption of fossil fuels. In A Political Theology of Climate Change, however, Michael Northcott discusses nations as key agents in the climate crisis. Against the anti-national trend of contemporary political theology, Northcott renarrates the origins of the nations in the divine ordering of history. In dialogue with Giambattista Vico, Carl Schmitt, Alasdair MacIntyre, and other writers, he argues that nations have legal and moral responsibilities to rule over limited terrains and to guard a just and fair distribution of the fruits of the earth within the ecological limits of those terrains. As part of his study, Northcott brilliantly reveals how the prevalent nature-culture divide in Western culture, including its notion of nature as "private property," has contributed to the global ecological crisis. While addressing real difficulties and global controversies surrounding climate change, Northcott presents substantial and persuasive fare in his Political Theology of Climate Change. -- Publisher
The power of the talking stick : indigenous politics and the world ecological crisis
The political ecology of household water in northern Ghana
Ecology and power : struggles over land and material resources in the past, present and future
Human economy : a citizen's guide
The ecology of choice and symbol : essays in honour of Fredrik Barth
Making political ecology
Brazil : anthropological perspectives
Energy, capitalism and world order : towards a new agenda in international political economy
Environmental integration : our common challenge
Human geography : people, place, and culture
A political theology of climate change
Bird's eye view of European biodiversity policy under climate change
Small places, large issues : an introduction to social and cultural anthropology
A political theology of nature
Green political thought : an introduction
Nature is a battlefield : towards a political ecology
Ecology and politics : environmental stress and security in Africa
Changing pathways : forest degradation and the Batek of Pahang, Malaysia
Real green : sustainability after the end of nature
International trade and environmental justice : toward a global political ecology
The next revolution : popular assemblies and the promise of direct democracy
Global visions, local landscapes : a political ecology of conservation, conflict, and control in Northern Madagascar
The end of Nomadism? : society, state and the environment in Inner Asia
Territorial conflicts in the Northern Atlantic Coast of Nicaragua : indigenous peoples' struggles over resources and representations
Perceptions of nature, expressions of nation : an environmental history of Estonia
Using enviroments to enable occupational performance
Routledge handbook of political ecology
An introduction to human-environment geography : local dynamics and global processes
Green political thought
Slash-and-burn cultivation and deforestation in Madagascar : representations and realities
Who is marching for Pachamama? : an intersectional analysis of environmental struggles in Bolivia under the government of Evo Morales
Eco-sufficiency & global justice : women write political ecology
Victims of the miracle : development and the Indians of Brazil
Cultivating Arctic landscapes : knowing and managing animals in the circumpolar North
Land use dynamics in the face of population increase : a study in the districts of Gatsibo and Nyagatare, Eastern Province, Rwanda
Local agency, involvement and initiative in biodiversity conservation in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
The Nuer : a description of the modes of livelihood and political institutions of a Nilotic people
Towards a Nordic competition state? Politico-economic transformation of statehood in Finland, 1965-2005
The ecological perspective on human affairs : with special reference to international politics
Becoming biofuels : the messy assembling of resources, sustainability, poverty, land use, and nation-state
Political ecology : a critical introduction
Alchemy in the rain forest : politics, ecology, and resilience in a New Guinea mining area
In Vibrant Matter the political theorist Jane Bennett, renowned for her work on nature, ethics, and affect, shifts her focus from the human experience of things to things themselves. Bennett argues that political theory needs to do a better job of recognizing the active participation of nonhuman forces in events. Toward that end, she theorizes a "vital materiality" that runs through and across bodies, both human and nonhuman. Bennett explores how political analyses of public events might change were we to acknowledge that agency always emerges as the effect of ad hoc configurations of human and nonhuman forces. She suggests that recognizing that agency is distributed this way, and is not solely the province of humans, might spur the cultivation of a more responsible, ecologically sound politics: a politics less devoted to blaming and condemning individuals than to discerning the web of forces affecting situations and events. Bennett examines the political and theoretical implications of vital materialism through extended discussions of commonplace things and physical phenomena including stem cells, fish oils, electricity, metal, and trash. She reflects on the vital power of material formations such as landfills, which generate lively streams of chemicals, and omega-3 fatty acids, which can transform brain chemistry and mood. Along the way, she engages with the concepts and claims of Spinoza, Nietzsche, Thoreau, Darwin, Adorno, and Deleuze, disclosing a long history of thinking about vibrant matter in Western philosophy, including attempts by Kant, Bergson, and the embryologist Hans Driesch to name the "vital force" inherent in material forms. Bennett concludes by sketching the contours of a "green materialist" ecophilosophy.
Marxism and ecological economics : toward a red and green political economy
Patterns of quality : The distribution of urban services among the residents of the city of Villahermosa
The future : six drivers of global change
Political theory and the ecological challenge
The pastoral Tuareg : ecology, culture, and society
The Oxford handbook of environmental political theory
