http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23253 wine estates
wine estates
Dingač : priča o velikom hrvatskom vinu = The story of a great Croatian wine
Agritourism : tourism, farm, list of wine- producing regions, ranch, guest ranch, agricultural show, Troodos mountains, corn maze, forestry, pizza farm, geotourism, silos & smokestacks
1001 wines you must try before you die
House of joy
Finnish berry and fruit wines à la carte
French vineyards : bed and breakfasts, châteaux and gîtes on wine-producing estates
Food and beverage service
The importance of quality classification for Finnish country wines
Red obsession
Sustainable culinary systems : local foods, innovation, tourism and hospitality
Tourism and recreation in rural areas
Winery technology & operations : a handbook for small wineries
American wine : the ultimate companion to the wines and wineries of the United States
A traveller's wine guide to France
North American wine routes : a travel guide to wines & vines, from Napa to Nova Scotia
California wine country
The drops of god. Volume 4 : The second apotle
Tasting the good life : wine tourism in the Napa Valley
For Emmy Bridges, life hasn't exactly gone to plan. She is working in a dead end job, earning almost nothing and to top it all - she is thirty-two and still lives with her Dad. But all that could still change, couldn't it? So when work want to send her to the South of France to learn about the wine she is soon to be selling, it seems like a good idea. And it turns out Emmy is a fast learner. Far from home and unsure what she's doing, Emmy soon learns that life - like the local wine - is better when you trust your instincts. She may want to protect the vines from destruction but can Emmy also plant some roots of her own?
The initiates : a comic artist and a wine artisan exchange jobs
Rural tourism and sustainable business
Fine : the wine magazine
The science of wine : from vine to glass
Voltaire's vine and other philosophies : how gardens inspired great writers
Celebrity vineyards : from Napa to Tuscany in search of great wine
Small business and entrepreneurship : Viinitila Kannu Oy = Winery Kannu Ltd
Bottle shock
Wine Trails : 52 perfect weekends in wine country
Oz Clarke's wine guide : the essential guide to getting the most out of your wine drinking
Death of a wine merchant
Tourism and agriculture : new geographies of consumption, production and rural restructuring
Ecological Infrastructures : ideabook on functional biodiversity at the farm level ; temperate zoones of Europa = Ökologische Infrastrukturen ; Ideenbuch zur funktionalen Biodiversität auf Betriebsebene ; gemässigte Zonen Europas
Proceedings of the VIIIth International Symposium on Temperate Zone Fruits in the Tropics and Subtropics : Florianopolis, Brazil, October 21 - 25, 2007 ; [TZFTS]
You find yourself in rustic, pre-modern Tuscany, where you’ve inherited a meager vineyard. You own a few plots of land, an old crush pad, a tiny cellar, 3 workers…and the dream of owning the best winery in Italy. Your job is to allocate your workers and helpful visitors to complete various tasks throughout the year. Each season is different on a vineyard, so the workers have different tasks they can take care of in the summer and winter. There’s competition over those tasks, and often the first worker to arrive at each one has an advantage over the rest. Using those workers and visitors, you can expand your vineyard by building structures, planting vines, and filling wine orders as you work towards the goal of owning the most successful winery in Tuscany.
Food and wine events in Europe : a stakeholder approach
The wine opus
Abstract.
Tokaji wine : fame, fate, tradition : A-Z through the history of Tokaji wine
Wine science : the application of science in winemaking
The history of Australian wine : stories from the vineyard to the cellar door
A good year
The Australian and New Zealand wine industry directory : 32nd annual edition : 2014 : winetitles
American wine : the ultimate companion to the wines and wine producers of the USA
New trends and social media in wine tourism : case study Quinta do Vallado, Sociedade Agrícola
Africa uncorked : travels in extreme wine territory
Wine tourism around the world : development, management and markets
Larousse wine : the world's greatest vines, estates, and regions
The Sommelier's guide to wine : everything you need to know for selecting, serving, and savoring wine like the experts
Late summer in the vineyard
Bordeaux Chateaux : a history of the Grands crus classes since 1855
Elle and Laurie are the last ones standing: they're single, they're not having babies any time soon and their weekends aren't filled with joyful meetings about mortgages. For Elle, this is fine. She likes her independent life, but Laurie wants love and she wants it now. So when Laurie begs Elle to come with her on a singles holiday to a beautiful vineyard in Tuscany, Elle is reluctant. She has no intention of swapping her perfectly lovely life for someone else's idea of her Mr Perfect, but 10 days under the Italian sun with her best friend and lashings of wine? How bad could that be? Full of sultry summer nights, hilarious moments and plenty of adventure, 'You Had Me at Merlot' will warm even the most cynical of hearts and have you believing in the magic of romance (and the power of a decent glass of wine).
The Finest Wines of Champagne: a Guide to the Best Cuvées, Houses, and Growers
Proceedings of the 1st International Workshop on Vineyard Mechanization and Grape and Wine Quality : Piacenza, Italy June 27-29, 2012
About wine
Conversion to organic wine production : exploring the economic performance impacts
Wine travel guide to the world
The juice : vinous veritas
Grapes & wines : a comprehensive guide to varieties and flavours
TONG about wine
The objective of this thesis was to explore what has been implemented worldwide in wineries and hotels to further improve wine tourism activities and its attractiveness. The aim was to implement the case study and to obtain information on how to enhance operations in the field. The use of so called Web 2.0 sites as a marketing tool for wine tourism was also addressed in this research. The theoretical framework of the study is based literature on tourism, marketing in tourism, product development, and social media. The study was conducted by a qualitative research. The first step was to elaborate on a benchmarking study through 63 wineries all over the world, including Portugal, Spain, France, South Africa, the USA, and Argentina, to understand the new trends. Another data source was the analysis of the interviews done with Mr Ilkka Sirén, a social media and wine expert, and Mr Francisco Cabral from Quinta do Vallado. The analysis of the results indicates a clear tendency from the wineries to improve their facilities through an attractive architecture project which is also modern and technologically advanced. In terms of activities, the main focus is on art and innovative and unique experiences. Concerning the social media combined with the wine tourism, the study shows that this tool is and will be fundamental for brand establishing and awareness. The analysis of Quinta do Vallado shows that its strategy of building modern and technologically advanced facilities is putting it into the core of worldwide trends. However, there is still a need of improvement in terms of unique and innovative experiences and in the use of the social media, which despite being already settled is not yet being used at full power.
The drops of god. Volume 3 : The first apotle
You had me at Merlot
Wine buyer's guide
Food, agri-culture and tourism : linking local gastronomy and rural tourism : interdisciplinary perspectives
Great family wine estates of France : style, tradition, home
The Sotheby's wine encyclopedia
The concise world atlas of wine
Drinking history : stories from wines and vintages. Part 1 1870-1970
The great domaines of Burgundy : a guide to the finest wine producers of the Côte d'Or
A Good year : mainio vuosi
