http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23203 fitness sports
fitness sports
Zump4 the heat : just dance
Fun and games : 100 sport-related activities for ages 5-16
The masters athlete : understanding the role of sport and exercise in optimizing aging
Advanced personal training : science to practice
This 52-week workout program encompasses all types of workout regimens for all types of exercisers. Beginners, advanced athletes, powerlifters, endurance athletes, teen athletes, people who wish to lose weight, people who wish to gain weight & so many others can benefit from the four programs outlined in this book.
Sport for all : approaches from utopia to reality
Rapid fitness : elevate your fitness to new heights in minutes
Zump4 the heat: Gangnam style
The complete keys to progress
Fatness to fitness : former 'Fat Kid' reveals his most powerful personal strategies and techniques to help you quickly and safely achieve permanent fitness success
The total fitness manual
Zumba fitness : Xbox 360 : Kinect
Beyond brawn : the insider's encyclopedia on how to build muscle & might
Zump4 the heat : give me everything
A woman's guide to muscle and strength
Sport and exercise physiology testing guidelines. Vol. 1, Sport testing
Build muscle, lose fat, look great : everything you need to know to transform your body
Introduction to physical education, fitness, and sport
Sports nutrition
"ACSM's Health/Fitness Facility Standards and Guidelines" presents the current standards and guidelines that help health and fitness establishments provide high-quality service and programme offerings in a safe environment. This fourth edition includes new standards and guidelines for pre-activity screening, orientation, education and supervision. A key benefit to the new edition is that it will assist health and fitness facility managers, owners and staff in keeping to a standard of operation, client care and service that will assist members and users in caring for their health through safe and appropriate exercise experiences.
The total dumbbell workout : trade secrets of a personal trainer
Advances in Motivation in Sport and Exercise, Third Edition, presents the most current information in sport and exercise motivation, including discussion of new research surrounding self-determination theory and goal achievement theory, traditional topics of goal setting and self-efficacy, and newer areas of attention such as passion and perfectionism. Readers not only will gain knowledge in one of the leading areas of sport psychology research but also learn how the research can inform their current practice. In this third edition, editors Glyn Roberts and Darren Treasure, along with a highly respected team of contributors, offer sport and exercise psychology researchers and students the most up-to-date review of the state of research in motivation. As in previous editions, the text chronicles the growth of motivation research and its role in physical activity, exercise, and sport. The star team of contributors offers thoughtful discussion of key issues and findings for readers to consider and insight into both the conceptual understanding of motivation and its application. Advances in Motivation in Sport and Exercise, Third Edition, begins by introducing readers to new trends and interpretations in motivational theory. Each chapter of the text discusses a unique motivational theory and its contemporary contribution to the field of knowledge. Whether research or practically inclined, readers will be enlightened through the use of these features: • Presentation of differing perspectives and approaches that make up the current state of research in the most vibrant of topics in sport and exercise psychology • Future Directions for Research and Practical Applications sections at the end of each chapter that help demonstrate how the chapters’ content is applied to real-world practice • An extensive reference list that serves as a tool for finding further resources and continuing study of motivation.
Fit music : Wii
Universal hunks : a pictorial history of muscular men around the world, 1895-1975
Maximum strength : get your strongest body in 16 weeks with the ultimate weight-training program
"The body is made to move" : gym and fitness culture in Sweden
Physical performance characteristics in Finnish athletes
The physiotherapist's pocket guide to exercise : assessment, prescription and training
ACSM's health/fitness facility standards and guidelines
Sport nutrition : an introduction to energy production and performance
Zump4 the heat: rock that body
Fitness culture : gyms and the commercialisation of discipline and fun
Periodization training for sports
Fitness training in football : a scientific approach
Foucault, sport and exercise : power, knowledge and transforming the self
Largely organized via commercial relations of some kind, gyms are key sites for studying consumption and subjectivity in contemporary society. Gym-goers are typically addressed as individuals who take control of both the market and themselves. Through a variety of qualitative sources -- ethnographies, interviews and discourse analysis -- this book explores how consumers and producers collaborate in the production of the fitness scene. It examines how individuals become fitness participants, at locally sustained relationships, the framing of discipline as fun, the meanings attached to the idea of fitness and the negotiation of broader body ideals, to provide a critical discussion of fitness as lived consumer culture. Choice is revealed as a process, rather than a cost-benefit decision; a transformative, ongoing practice rather than an accomplished, rational calculation. Consumption is revealed as an ambivalent practice, with consumers increasingly asked to be active producers of cultural forms that are nevertheless largely circulated and managed by producers who need to consume much of the very same sort they produce.
Cuts : fitness for men : the ultimate 30-minute workout
Devotional fitness : aspects of a contemporary religious system
Training for equestrian performance
Superfit : Royce Gracie's ultimate martial arts fitness and nutrion guidde
Zumba fitness : join the party : Xbox 360, Xbox live, Kinect
The psychology of strength and conditioning
Limits of human endurance
Fitness for dummies
Physical activity interventions in children and adolescents
Zumba fitness : join the party : PlayStation 3
Advances in motivation in sport and exercise
Fitness nutrition for special dietary needs
Essentials of exercise physiology
Jillian Michaels fitness adventure : Xbox 360, Kinect
Children and exercise XXIV : the proceedings of the 24th Pediatric Work Physiology Meeting
Anatomy of strength & conditioning
Zumba fitness : join the party : Wii
Anatomy for strength and fitness training for speed and sport
Nutrition and sport
Physiological tests for elite athletes
Building strength & stamina
Better body workouts for women
Fit for consumption : sociology and the business of fitness
Fundamentals of sport and exercise nutrition
Vegan bodybuilding &  fitness
Sport skill instruction for coaches
Zump4 the heat : ven bailalo
Swim for life : optimise technique, fitness + enjoyment
Athletic fitness for kids
This is the first text to offer a comprehensive socio-cultural and historical analysis of the current fitness culture. Fitness today is not simply about health clubs and exercise classes, or measures of body mass index and cardiovascular endurance. Fit for Consumption conceptualizes fitness as a field within which individuals and institutions may negotiate - if not altogether reconcile - the competing and often conflicting social demands made on the individual body that characterize our current era. Intended for researchers and senior undergraduate and postgraduate students of sport, leisure, cultural studies and the body, this book utilizes the US fitness field as a case study through which to explore the place of the body in contemporary consumer culture. Combining observations in health clubs, interviews with fitness producers and consumers, and a discourse analysis of a wide variety of fitness texts, this book provides an empirically grounded examination of one of the pressing theoretical questions of our time: how individuals learn to fit into consumer culture and the service economy and how our bodies and selves become 'fit for consumption.
Intrinsic motivation and self-determination in exercise and sport
Latin dance : workout for beginners and beyond
Ergogenic aids in sport
Positive youth development through sport
Exercise psychology
Zump4 the heat : hips don't lie
The total gym ball workout : trade secrets of a personal trainer
Pilates weight ball workout
Chapters 1 and 2 define the field of sport and exercise nutrition, the kinds of jobs available, and the education necessary for those jobs. Chapters 3 to 8 cover the essential nutrients of sport and exercise nutrition (carbohydrate, protein, fat, vitamins, minerals, and balance of water, electrolytes, and fluid) as well as energy balance and imbalance. The remaining chapters cover body weight and body composition, unhealthy eating practices, and the future of sport and exercise nutrition. Each chapter of the text summarizes the latest scientific literature and then translates that information into practices that can be used by athletes, coaches, trainers, physicians, and other professionals.
Physical activity and health
Functional fitness  : build your fittest body ever with Australia's body coach
Fitness culture: gyms and the commercialisation of discipline and fun
Your shape : fitness evolved 2013 : Wii U
Inclusion and exclusion through youth sport
Growth, maturation and physical activity
Wow thats [sic] cool, but did you like starve yourself? : Exploring the discursive moves of pro-ana and fitness discussion forums
Body by you : the you are your own gym guide to total fitness for women
Foundations of exercise psychology
Conditioning for strength and human performance
Sport and physical activity : the role of health promotion
Measurement and evaluation in human performance
Physiology of sport and exercise
The first Positive Youth Development title to focus on the role of sport, this book brings together high profile contributors from diverse disciplines to critically examine the ways in which sport can be and has been used to promote youth development. Young people are too frequently looked upon as problems waiting to be solved. From the perspective of Positive Youth Development (PYD), young people are understood to embody potential, awaiting development. Involvement with sport provides a developmental context that has been associated with PYD, but negative outcomes can also arise from sport participation and school PE. Sport itself does not lead to PYD; rather, it is the manner in which sport is structured and delivered to children that influences their development. Positive Youth Development Through Sport fills a void in the literature by bringing together experts from diverse disciplines to critically examine the ways in which sport can be and has been used to promote youth development.
Focusing on youth sport as a touchstone sector of sport in society, this book examines the theoretical and empirical bases of arguments for the role of sport in social inclusion agendas. Authors are drawn from around the world and offer critical perspectives on assumptions underpinning the bold claims made about the power of sport. This book represents a source of knowledge on inclusion and exclusion in youth sport.
A Business Plan for the Leisure Industry : Case: Wolverine Fitness Helsinki
Zumba fitness. 2 : Wii
Sports and exercise nutrition
Maximum fitness : the complete guide to cross training
