http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2325 documents
documents deeds
A guide to the use of United Nations documents : (including reference to the specialized agencies and special U. N. bodies)
Marine insurance. Vol. 2, Cargo practice : incorporating marine cargo claims
Communication for the workplace : an integrated language approach
ITIL V3 Foundation complete certification kit : study book and eLearning program
Designing patient registry software for Kenyan healthcare
Adolf. The half-Aryan
Readings in Philippine history
The polar sale : Scott [and] Amundsen centenary
The ICC Model Occasional Intermediary Contract : Non-circumvention and non-disclosure agreement
Foreign relations of the United States. 1961-1963, 5, Soviet Union
Byzantium : identity, image, influence. XIX International Congress of Byzantine Studies University of Copenhagen, 18-24 August, 1996, Major papers
The law of the sea : documents 1983-1991. Vol 13
Basic documents in United States foreign policy
Case concerning border and transborder armed actions (Nicaragua v. Honduras) : request for the indication of provisional measures : order of 31 March 1988 = Affaire relative à des actions armées frontalières et transfrontalières (Nicaragua c. Honduras) : demande en indication de mesures conservatoires : ordonnance du 31 Mars 1988
Geometrinen tuotemäärittely (GPS) = Geometrical Product Specifications (GPS) : pinnan ominaisuuksien ilmoittaminen teknisissä tuoteasiakirjoissa = indication of surface texture in technical product documentation
Separation of powers : documents and commentary
China in revolution : history, documents and analyses
Foreign relations of the United States. 1961-1963, 11, Cuban missile crisis and aftermath
Report on preventive conservation of documets : in Finland, France, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom
West's legal forms. 14, Commercial transactions : documents of title, secured transactions, sections 38.1 to 57.3
Documents on Swedish foreign policy
Basic documents in international business : cases and excercises
Documents concerning German-Polish relations and the outbreak of hostilities between Great Britain and Germany on September 3, 1939
Business notes for shipmasters
Business communication in Finnish foreign trade
Documents on international affairs
Tolkovyi juriditšheski slovar : pravo i biznes : russko-anglijski, anglo-russki : law and business : Russian-English, English-Russian = Legal glossary
The law of the sea : documents 1983-1991. Vol. 12
Software engineering — Software product Quality Requirements and Evaluation (SQuaRE) — Data quality model = Ingénierie du logiciel — Exigences de qualité et évaluation du produit logiciel (SQuaRE) — Modèle de la qualité des données
Professional writing
Foreign relations of the United States. 1961-1963, 15, Berlin Crisis, 1962-1963
Ocelâvaneto : sbornik dokuienti 1940-1944 = The survival : a compilation of documents 1940-1944
How to write a cv that really works
Proceedings
Foodstuffs control and transportation documents in the EU, China and Russia : appendices
Systems and software engineering : systems and software quality requirements and evaluation (SQuaRE) - quality measure elements
As a celebration of Anne Thurston's pioneering work on records and archives management as an essential basis for demonstrating integrity in government, this excellent volume brings together scholars and practicing archivists to discuss key issues around records as evidence for accountability, transparency and the protection of citizens' rights. Never before have authors from the developing and developed worlds come together to explore the intersection of records management, public administration and international development. The book covers Thurston's work, the importance of records management for effective governance and digital records management and preservation in developing countries. Case studies from across Africa enhance the theoretical and practical perspectives taken by the authors. This book will be essential reading for scholars and students interested in records management and good governance around the world.
Foreign relations of the United States. 1969-1976, volume 32, SALT I, 1969-1972
Abstract: Computerization of the Kenyan health care records. The purpose of this paper is to create awareness of the benefits of a computerized health care system as opposed to the manual system of record keeping currently in operation within the Kenyan healthcare sector. This paper highlights the current problems that hospitals face and how they can be eliminated. In the research of this Thesis, it was found that the Kenyan population estimates as of 2011 records 41 million inhabitants. The largest referral hospital in Kenya, the Kenyatta national hospital currently has to contend with 3,000 manual transactions daily with stationery accounting for 12 per cent of it is administrative costs. Lack of computer-based files means that health care professionals cannot effectively cater to the patients' well-being. The health of these inhabitants is vital and this paper will emphasize on how computerization in the health care system will revamp it. By digitizing over 40 million records and other technology transformations, the Kenyatta hospital believes that it will contribute to the knowledge transfer and citizen transformation ecosystem. The research questions for this paper were: What is the current situation in the Kenyan medical record system in the health sector? How can a computer-based system be incorporated in the Kenyan health sector? What are the benefits of introducing a computer-based system in the Kenyan health sector? As a result of the thesis, ideas of a computerized healthcare system were formulated and a general framework of the system examined. The computer-based system derived from this paper would be able to effectively and efficiently output the identity of individuals, their diagnosis and medical history without necessarily having to go back to the manual bundle of records.
United Nations document series symbols. 1978-1984
Modeling and analyzing documentation supply chain within customer delivery projects
Inventory of General Conference documents 1946-1989 : including documents of the Conference for the Establishment of Unesco 1945.
Information and documentation. International Standard Text Code (ISTC) = Information et documentation : Code international normalisé des textes (ISTC)
The complete idiot's guide to the perfect resume
Development of a Structured Security Documentation Framework
eHealth of Finland : check point 2006
Plenary meeting of the CPSU central committee : dokuments and materials, Moscow, Kremlin September 19-20, 1989.
Wrongful deaths : selected inquest records from nineteenth-century Korea
How to carry out register-based health services research in Finland? : compiling complex study data in the REDD project
Foreign relations of the United States. 1961-1963, 8, National security policy
Foreign relations of the United States. 1961-1963, 9, Foreign economic policy
Exile in colonial Asia : kings, convicts, commemoration
Russia's Hawaiian adventure, 1815-1817
Writing for design professionals : a guide to writing successful proposals, letters, brochures, portfolios, reports, presentations and job applications for architects, engineers and interior designes
Finnish Evangelical Lutheran Church of American arkisto 1884-1970
Administrative secrecy in developed countries
Electronic solutions for Ethiopian health sector : electronic medical record (EMR) system
Documents on the later crusades, 1274-1580
Abraham Lincoln papers 1833-1865
Scripting intelligence : Web 3.0 information gathering and processing
Recording, documentation, and information management for the conservation of heritage places : guiding principles
Integrity in government through records management
Mastering technical writing
Semi-automatic method for document structure transformations
New Mozart documents : A supplement to O. E. Deutsch's documentary biography
Foreign relations of the United States. 1958-1960, 10, part 1, Eastern Europe; Soviet Union; Cyprus
”A more sustainable world for all.” Ethics in the claimed environmentalism of business actors
An American primer
Foreign relations of the United States. 1958-1960, 14, Africa
The mariner's guide to dry time charterparties
Developing knowledge workers in the printing and publishing industries : education, training and knowledge management in the publishing supply chain from the creator to the consumer
Documents and materials : Moscow, Kremlin May 25 - June 9, 1989
Look at this : contemporary brochures, catalogue & documents
Foreign relations of the United States. 1961-1963, 18, Near East 1962-1963
Investigation and proof of title
A new original John Morton document 1768
Foreign relations of the United States. 1961-1963, 13, West Europe and Canada
Computerization of the Kenyan health care records
British working-class movements : select documents 1789-1875
Marine insurance. Vol. 1, Principles and basic practice
Openness and access to information in Finland
Secret diplomatic documents and treaties
Business correspondence : a guide to everyday writing : intermediate
ICC Model Contract  for the Turnkey  Supply of an Industrial Plant
Marilyn Monroe : the FBI files
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 2, vol. 5, 1933
Systems and software engineering — Systems and software Quality Requirements and Evaluation (SQuaRE) — Evaluation process = Ingénierie des systèmes et du logiciel — Exigences de qualité et évaluation des systèmes et du logiciel (SQuaRE) — Modèle de référence d'évaluation et guide
Adolf. 1945 and all that remains
West's legal forms. 15, Commercial transactions : secured transactions, letters of credit, sections 57.4 to end, tables and index
The implementation and use of ERMS : a study in Icelandic organizations
Codices medii aevi Finlandiae. 2, Codex Särkilahti : (Codex Aboensis Skokloster)
Catalogue of the home miscellaneous series of the India Office records
Adolf. An exile in Japan
Selected international human rights instruments and bibliography for research on international human rights
Basic documents in international law and world order
The Implementation and Use of ERMS - A Study in Icelandic Organizations
Fifty major documents of the twentieth century
Foreign relations of the United States. 1961-1963, 10, Cuba, 1961-1962
The ICC Model International Sale Contract : Manufactured goods intended for resale
Improving document management practices for Nokia Gear
Foodstuffs control and transportation documents in the EU, China and Russia
Applied writing for technicians
Summary.
Basic documents on the Soviet legal system
Perevod kommerčeskoj dokumentacii : učebnoe posobie = Translation of commercial documentation
Wikileaks : inside Julian Assange's war on secrecy
50 ways to protect your identity in a digital age : new financial threats you need to know and how to avoid them
Foreign relations of the United States. 1969-1976, volume 31, Foreign economic policy, 1973-1976
Foreign relations of the United States. 1961-1963, 6, Kennedy-Khrushchev exchanges
Problems and possibilities of early medieval charters
Export procedures : an interactive guide to export documentation
In search of lost postmodern - descriptions of school social work expertise in official documents : a rhetorical discourse analytic approach
English in diplomacy : expressions and structures used in diplomatic documents, their origins and present-day applications
Documents adopted by the World Council of Churches Eighth Assembly, Harare, Zimbabwe, 3-14 December 1998.
The WikiLeaks files : the world according to US empire
Documents and speeches on British Commonwealth affairs 1931-1952
WikiLeaks and the age of transparency
Managing services in the cloud : cloud computing certification kit
Contextual and structural metadata in enterprise document management
The passion of Bradley Manning
Community translation
A prisoner in the garden : opening Nelson Mandela's prison archive
Foreign relations of the United States. 1961-1963, 7, Arms control and disarmament
The law of international trade
Arranging a shipment from Estonia to Germany - Case Metso Paper Pori Ltd
Export practice and documentation
Documentation relating to the Federal Governments's policy of détente
White paper on the 1996 intergovernmental conference. Vol. 3, Briefings on the 1996 intergovernmental confeence (two parts)
Adobe Acrobat 9 : covers Standard, Pro, and Pro Extended : classroom in a book : the official training workbook from Adobe Systems
Electronic patient records in interprofessional decision making : standardized categories and local use
EIA quick guides. 3,, How to find out about COM documents
Finnish summary.
West's legal forms. 12, Commercial transactions : sale of goods, sections 1.1 to 17
The Scottish prisoner : a novel
The Portugese infojur project and related issues
Flow of Information When Transferring a Patient Between Hospitals : Issues in Patient Safety and Continuity of Care
"This collection presents and analyzes inquest records that tell the stories of ordinary Korean people under the Chosŏn court (1392-1910). Extending the study of this period, usually limited to elites, into the realm of everyday life, each inquest record includes a detailed postmortem examination and features testimony from everyone directly or indirectly related to the incident. The result is an amazingly vivid, colloquial account of the vibrant, multifaceted societal and legal cultures of early modern Korea. Sun Joo Kim is the Harvard-Yenching Professor of Korean History at Harvard University. Jungwon Kim is assistant professor of Korean history at Columbia University; 'This book provides an extremely rare view into social interactions among people of quite different classes in Chosŏn Korea. Points of interest abound'--Robert E. Hegel, Washington University, St. Louis; 'This is an important contribution that significantly advances our knowledge of nineteenth-century Korean legal history. The translated cases shine by being able to introduce daily struggles of non-elites and illustrate the complex dynamics of the judiciary system during the last century of the Chosŏn dynasty'--Jisoo Kim, George Washington University"--
Guide to the sources of the history of Africa = Guide des sources de l'histoire de l'Afrique. 8, Scandinavia : sources in Denmark, Norway and Sweden
Towards sea waybills and electronic documents
Parker's modern conveyancing precedents
Foreign relations of the United States. 1969-1976, 4, Foreign assistance, international development, trade policies, 1969 - 1976
Records management in mobile work
PDF forms using Acrobat and LiveCycle Designer bible
Documents on British foreign policy 1919-1939. Ser. 1, vol. 17, Greece and Turkey, January 1, 1921 - September 2, 1922.
The ICC Model International Franchising Contract
Foreign relations of the United States. 1958-1960, 15, South and Southeast Asia
Confidentiality of data and chemicals control
The structure of multimodal documents : an empirical approach
The high-technology company : a historical research and archival guide
The arms maker of Berlin
Foreign relations of the United States. 1955-1957, 6, American republics : multilateral; Mexico; Caribbean
Historical interpretation. I : Sources of English medieval history, 1066-1540
The Snowden files : the inside story of the world's most wanted man
High dudgeon : crafting affective narratives from (semi-) official texts
Foreign relations of the United States. 1958-1960, 12, Near East region; Iraq; Iran; Arabian Peninsula
Public access to government-held information : a comparative symposium
This thesis studies national requirements for hospital information systems in the Finnish private healthcare. The thesis has been carried out done during the years of 2013-2015 and the customer company is Nexamed Ltd. Nexamed is the vendor of the hospital information system called OneClinic. The main customer sector of OneClinic is the Finnish private healthcare. The target of this thesis is to find the differences between the requirements of the Finnish private healthcare and the existing OneClinic functionalities. Because OneClinic is based on a Danish hospital information system called MyClinic, also the Danish private healthcare requirements for the hospital information system are described in some of the thesis topics. This thesis describes the requirements at the general level. Especially the thesis focuses on the authority requirements. The thesis presents high level requirements for electronic medical record systems set by the national patient data repository (i.e. eArchive) and national prescription centre (i.e. ePrescription service). In addition the requirements set by the Kela direct imbursement and new requirements for the OneClinic financial management functionalities set by the Finnish private healthcare are presented in this thesis. Background information for this thesis is collected from the specifications of the authority requirements, laws and discussions with representatives of the Finnish private healthcare. The thesis concludes that the patient treatment processes in Finland and Denmark are similar at the general level but there are a great deal of differences in details. The eArchive service and the ePrescription service in Finland are setting high requirements to the OneClinic information system. Also, financial management processes in the Finnish private healthcare contain new requirements for the OneClinic information system. Especially requirements set by the Kela exists only in Finland.
Successful technical writing : a practical approach
Thesaurus construction and use : a practical manual
Sale of goods carried by sea
Foreign relations of the United States. 1958-1960, 13, Arab-Israeli dispute; United Arab Republic; North Africa
Abstract.
Computerised documentation in transportation
Drafting : its application to conveyancing and commercial documents
West's legal forms. 13, Commercial transactions : commercial paper, sections 18.1 to 37
Effective written advocacy : a guide for practitioners
National requirements for hospital information systems in private healthcare
Google Docs 4 everyone
Germany 1947-1949 : the story in documents
Razstavljanje arhivskega in knjižničnega gradiva ter likovnih del na papirju = Exhibiting archival and library material and works of art on paper : proceedings of the International Symposium, Ljubljana, 5-6 June 2003: standards in preservation
Interrogations : [inside the minds of the nazi elite]
Brief writing and oral argument
The testament
Foreign relations of the United States. 1969-1976, volume 34, National security policy, 1969-1972
Viitemalli pitkäaikaissäilytysarkistolle (OAIS-standardin suomalainen versio) : Reference model for an Open archival information system (Finnish version of International Standard ISO 14721-2003)
Foreign relations of the United States. 1958-1960, 10, part 2, Eastern Europe; Finland; Greece; Turkey
Winter in Prague : documents on Czechoslovak communism in crisis
Adolf. Days of infamy
Applicability of article VI, section 22, of the convention on the privileges and immunities of the United Nations : advisory opinion of 15 December 1989 = Applicabilité de la section 22 de l'article VI de la convention sur les privilèges et immunités des Nations Unies : avis consultatif du 15 décembre 1989
Information and documentation. Paper for documents. requirements for permanence
The straightforward C.V
Preparing your own CV : how to improve your chances of getting the job you want
Foreign relations of the United States. 1961-1963, 16, Eastern Europe; Cyprus; Greece; Turkey
Foreign relations of the United States. 1964-1968, 33, Organization and management of U.S. foreign policy; United Nations
MARTURII ALE TRECUTULUI = =VESTIGES DU PASSE, ALBUM DE DOCUCMENTS =EVIDENCES OF THE PAST, ALBUM OF DOCUMENTS : ALBUM DE DOCUMENTE
Foreign relations of the United States. 1955-1957, 27, Western Europe and Canada
Foreign relations of the United States. 1969-1976, volume 15, Soviet Union, June 1972-August 1974
