http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2327 cultural environment
cultural environment
Tourism impacts, planning and management
Tourism: good or bad? : impacts of tourism in Tanzania
Abstract. - Summary.
Kulturgüterschutz betrifft uns alle! = La protection des biens culturels nous concerne tous! = The protection of cultural property concerns all of us!
A teacher's guide to science and the historic environment
Cultural perspective in EFL textbooks : English as a foreign or international language
New school ties : social capital and cultural knowledge creation in multicultural learning environments
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT at a glance
How to develop indigenous peoples' education ? : issues and solutions of Sámi education
Hoitosuunnitelma : Suomenlinna - Unescon maailmanperintökohde = Management plan : Fortress of Suomenlinna - Unesco world heritage site c
Amazonian geographies: : emerging identities and landscapes
"Drawing on cultural anthropology and cultural studies, this book sheds new light on the everyday politics of heritage and memory by illuminating local, everyday engagements with Germanness through heritage fetishism, claims to hometown belonging, and the performative appropriation of cultural property"--
Culture shock! : Chile
Transformative learning in practice : insights from community, workplace, and higher education
Pedagogical design and pedagogical usability of web-based learning environments : comparative cultural implications from Africa and Europe
Frida Kahlo at home
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
Developing dialogic communication culture in media education : integrating dialogism and technology
Beijing at play : common people's approach to health and happiness ; two sisters journey into the park-culture of Beijing
Past in future
Impact of status and meme content on the spread of memes in virtual communities
Via Tiburtina : space, movement and artefacts in the urban landscape
Cultural dimensions of the landscape
Bryophyte flora in three historical man-made habitats in southern Finland
Change is now so commonplace that people no longer talk in terms of the "whitewater epoch". Every sector of the economies of the developed world has experienced huge swathes of change in the last decade of the twentieth century alone. Increased global competition, aided and abetted by technological advances, has led many organizations to seek to re-invent themselves in the hope of being able to survive and thrive. In mature sectors in particular, where the pace of consolidation is accelerating, organizations have had little option but to grow through acquisition or be absorbed. Whether the change is labelled "continuous process improvement", "restructuring", "downsizing" or re-engineering", to employees, change usually brings with it added pressures, job insecurity and a consequent loss of commitment to the organization. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success argues that strategic change in the new millennium will be geared increasingly to achieving sustainable high performance, rather than just short-term gains. Most theorists now agree that the real challenge of change lies in gaining employees" willingness to commit to the change effort. Change leaders at every level need to be able to understand the elements at work in any change process, and to use judgement about the style of leadership required to give the change effort the best chance of success. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success provides an overview of change and organizational theory, leading in particular to the author"s definition of the "input" elements of the high performance organisation, based on extensive research into UK and international organisations. It also contains a section looking at the management of change, with case studies illustrating approaches to managing change which are conducive to achieving sustainable high performance. In her companion book, The High Performance Organization- creating dynamic stability, the author explores some of the "how to"s" of building an organizational culture which is supportive of high performance in today"s challenging environment.
An autobiographical narrative about my teaching experiences and priorities: Visualizing Bangladeshi and Finnish experiences
Rising ecological awareness in Chinese contemporary art : an analysis of the cultural environment
Culture shock ! United Arab Emirates
Sensing Nepal in a Peer Student Created Multi-sensory Environment
Driving spaces : a cultural-historical geography of England's M1 Motorway
Preservation and national belonging in eastern Germany : heritage fetishism and redeeming Germanness
Heritage education for Europe : outcome and perspective
Understanding place : historic area assessments : principles and practice
International marketing
Mediterranean mountain environments
Inventory of valuable cultural landscapes, nature protection areas and points of historical and cultural value
The construction of built heritage : a North European perspective on policies, practices and outcomes
In Biopolitical Screens, Pasi Väliaho charts and conceptualizes the imagery that composes our affective and conceptual reality under twenty-first-century capitalism. Väliaho investigates the role screen media play in the networks that today harness human minds and bodies -- the ways that images animated on console game platforms, virtual reality technologies, and computer screens capture human potential by plugging it into arrangements of finance, war, and the consumption of entertainment. Drawing on current neuroscience and political and economic thought, Väliaho argues that these images work to shape the atomistic individuals who populate the neoliberal world of accumulation and war. Väliaho bases his argument on a broad notion of the image as something both visible and sayable, detectable in various screen platforms but also in scientific perception and theoretical ideas. After laying out the conceptual foundations of the book, Väliaho offers focused and detailed investigations of the current visual economy. He considers the imagery of first-person shooter video games as tools of "neuropower"; explores the design and construction of virtual reality technologies to treat post-traumatic stress disorder in veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan; and examines three instances of video installation art that have the power to disrupt the dominant regime of sensibility rather than reinforce it.
Culture on your doorstep : the Arabianranta district as a powerful creative community ; cultural development at the Arabia district Urbaani luovuus project, 2007-2010
Bahasa Indonesia : introduction to Indonesian language and culture. Book one
Intercultural communication : an introduction
Polar tourism : an environmental perspective
The social approach in the preservation of wooden build heritage in Riga : a social inquiry case study from Riga
Culture shock! : Czech Republic
Built heritage as the viewpoint of national history
Mediterranean crossings : the politics of an interrupted modernity
Operation mode choice and efficiency in the context of perceived uncertainty : case of Finnish firms in Asia
Employee-driven innovation : the manager's guide to EDI
Culture shock! : Singapore
The Yanoama indians : a cultural geography
Monitoring nature conservation in cultural habitats : a practical guide and case studies
The theming of America : dreams, media fantasies, and themed environments
This book explores the influence of Mexican culture and tradition, La Casa Azul and other places Frida Kahlo called home, on her life and work. La Casa Azul, now one of the most visited museums in Mexico City, was the artist's birthplace and the home where she grew up, lived with her husband Diego Rivera for a number of years, and also where she died. She spent long periods of time in the house convalescing, first in 1918 when she contracted polio and again, at the age of 18, after the trolley accident which left her badly injured. Confined to her bed and in constant pain and discomfort, she began to paint as a way to occupy her time. After marrying Rivera, Frida moved out of the Blue House, living in Mexico and abroad, moving for a brief time to the United States, until eventually returning to her childhood home. Fully illustrated, the book features Frida's paintings together with archive images and family photographs, objects and artefacts she collected and photographs of the surrounding landscape to provide an insight into how these places shaped this much-loved artist and how the homes and landscapes of her life relate to her work.
Transphonic sounds: Commercial radio music in a shared urban environment
Northern landscapes : "Implementation of the European Landscape Convention in the North Calotte Area Municipalities" : conference in Inari, Finland 7-9 September 2011
Cultural quarters and urban transformation : international perspectives
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Impacts of cultural tourism in developing nations : Bomas of Kenya
Culture Shock! : Turkey
Sustainable development strategies in South-East Europe
Cultural tourism forms an important component of international tourism in our world today. It represents movements of people motivated by cultural intents such as study tours, performing arts, festivals, cultural events, visits to sites and monuments, as well as travel for pilgrimages. Cultural tourism is not new, since ancient times it has been a motivation for travel, although only among a tiny minority of the general public.  However it is only since the early 1980s that cultural tourism has been recognized as distinct from recreational tourism. This paper examines the impacts of this kind of tourism around the Bomas of Kenya Cultural Centre. The quantitative approach was used through conducting a survey in form of a questionnaire.    The general results shows that the locals in the area feel that there is a positive progress in terms of development of infrastructures in the area. The same case they highly feel that social and environmental impacts have eroded in a negative aspect more than positive way. This is when it comes to waste disposal and sewage systems which have been poorly managed. Despite that the center has created jobs for the few, the local people seem not to be happy with the expansion of the center due to cutting down of trees and also displacement of some.
Viestejä maisemassa : keskisuomalainen kulttuuriympäristö = Messages in the landscape : cultural heritage in Central Finland
The nexus between culture and economics : culture as a contributory factor in the competitiveness of regions
Self and culture - and the self-conception among Finnish and Egyptian students
Urban fallows : transformations & breeding grounds : city scratching III
Conservation principles : policies and guidance for the sustainable management of the historic environment
The landscape has played - and continues to play - an important role in the process of constructing a national identity in Finland. In this process, certain areas and views, whether real or imaginary, are designated as vital symbols of the national culture. The landscape is not merely an image, a map or a view of the existing motherland, however. It is also a part of the nation's history, which is marked in the landscape in the form of significant buildings and monuments to historical events, so that the past may be seen as forming an unbroken continuum with the present. Work is constantly going on to maintain and renew the national traditions of landscape description. This means that whatever its age and nostalgic associations, the landscape is an integral part of our present-day lives. The images, maps, and discourses associated with the landscape may have altered in the course of time, and even the physical areas or views may have been replaced with new ones, but the ideal of a Finnish landscape has persisted. The signs and significations attached to it thus remain a powerful part of our national culture.
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT, theory & practice
A teacher's guide to maths and the historic environment
Building an innovative organization culture : case insurance company X
Cultural landscapes of some former Finnish farm sites in the Paaz/Pasvik/Paatsjoki area of Pechenga, Russia
Litter : the remains of our culture
Cultural pluralism and the position of minorities in Finland
Cultural Environment Strategy 2014–2020 : Government Resolution 20 March 2014.
Culture shock! Philippines : a guide to customs and etiquette
Culture shock! : Netherlands
Cultural perspectives on higher education
The landscape of coastlines and fjords
Künstlerbürgertum : the social spheres of Berliner actors in the years 1815-1848
Intercultural communication : workbook
Environment as a map of changes in society : a case study of the Kaunas Hydroelectronic Power Plant
A Business Plan of Teahouse in Helsinki, Finland
Tourism: Good or Bad? : Impacts of tourism in Tanzania
Climate change and the cultural environment : recognized impacts and challenges in Finland
A teacher's guide to using industrial sites
Biopolitical screens : image, power, and the neoliberal brain
The globalization reader
The landscape of man : Shaping the environment from prehistory to the present day
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
The concept of “Place” has become prominent in natural resource management, as professionals increasingly recognize the importance of scale, place-specific meanings, local knowledge, and social-ecological dynamics. Place-Based Conservation: Perspectives from the Social Sciences offers a thorough examination of the topic, dividing its exploration into four broad areas. Place-Based Conservation provides a comprehensive resource for researchers and practitioners to help build the conceptual grounding necessary to understand and to effectively practice place-based conservation.
International advertising : communicating across cultures
Landscapes, identities, and development
Knowledge through partnership : environmental scanning report 2007.
Culture shock! : Australia
The Finnish landscape and its meanings
Environment, ethics and the corporation
Coastal cultural heritage : the challenges and proposals
Making sense of place : multidisciplinary perspectives
Doing business in China
Culture shock! : Germany
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Multicultural TeKu : the international learning environment at Savonia
Added value of intangibles for organizational innovation
Defence sites : heritage and future
Saving historic roads : design and policy guidelines
Children, place and indentity : nation and locality in middle childhood
Place-based conservation : perspectives from the social sciences
Asia-Europe Seminar on Cultural Heritage Training : Universidad de Alcalá (Madrid), Spain, 25-30 November 2001.
English Heritage research agenda : an introduction to English Heritage's research themes and programmes
Little houses on the prairie : continuity and change in the Finnish vernacular architecture and landscapes of Canada
Culture shock! : Egypt
Culture shock ! India
Elements of visual design in the landscape
Back to the past in Satakunta : nature, cultural environment, ancient times and geology
The cultural role of architecture : contemporary and historical perspectives
Culture shock! : Morocco
EU business student expatriate cross-cultural adjustment at Anglia Polytechnic University
Communication and co-operation within intercultural multi-site project environment of a Case Company : Finland, Japan and the United Kingdom
Business passport to Japan
A teacher's guide to design & technology and the historic environment
City
Toward the practical framework of Sámi education
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT : theory & practice
Culture shock! : Philippines
Culture shock! : Spain
Case studies on climate change and World Heritage
Cities on rails : the redevelopment of railway station areas
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Managing cultural differences
Summary.
What about cultural policy? : interdisciplinary perspectives on culture and politics
National geographic : e-lehti
Univer-city : the old middle-sized European academic town as framework of the global society of science - challenges and possibilities
The Asian insider : unconventional wisdom for Asian business
Discovering the past, shaping the future : research strategy 2005-2010
Culture shock! : Argentina
Understanding change : theory, implementation and success
Introducing social semiotics
Rethinking consumer behaviour for the well-being of all : reflections on individual consumer responsibility
Identification and documentation of modern heritage
Understanding heritage in practice
The management of change in Finland's wooden historic urban landscapes : Old Rauma
Archaeology in society and daily life : challenges and co-operation in the 21th century
Landscapes under pressure : theory and practice of cultural heritage research and preservation
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Cultural landscapes and environmental change
Cognitive and attributional strategies of American and Finnish young adults
We examined the influence of meme consistency (vs. inconsistency) and intragroup status on the spread of memes in virtual communities. Prior research suggests that information consistent with the theme of the group is remembered better and that ideas threatening to the group identity are rejected. In addition, previous research shows that low-status group members mimic high-status members and communicate with them to seek information and approval. We analyzed social interactions among members of four online forums from January 1, 2010, to February 21, 2014. Contrary to our prediction, our results show that memes initiated by low-status members spread faster than memes started by high- or moderate-status members. In line with prior research, memes that were consistent with a forum theme were spread more frequently than inconsistent memes..
International business : the new realities
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Art and the historic environment
Power, media, culture : a critical view from the political economy of communication
World heritage sites : [a teacher's guide]
Cultural heritage cooperation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 5 / editor Helena Edgren ; co-editor and co-ordinator Marianne Lehtimäki
Culture shock! : Korea
Culture and continuity : revitalising European heritage - a Norwegian contribution
Valuing historic environments
