http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p232 social Darwinism
social Darwinism
Social Darwinism : linking evolutionary thought to social theory
Evolution : society, science and the universe
Biology and social thought, 1850-1914 / : Peter J. Bowler
Disseminating Darwinism : the role of place, race, religion, and gender
Evolution : the history of an idea
Herbert Spencer and the invention of modern life
The Cambridge companion to Darwin
This wide-ranging study focuses upon the controversies surrounding the meaning and significance of Social Darwinism. It clarifies the nature of Social Darwinism and its relationship to the ideas of Darwin, Lamarck and Herbert Spencer. After examining the development of Social Darwinist theories by a number of European and American thinkers, Mike Hawkins explores the use of these theories in a number of ideological debates and movements of the period 1860â€“1945. These include socio-political reform, national and racial conflict, eugenics, the position of women and Nazism/Fascism. The aim is to illuminate, through detailed comparative analyses, both the flexibility and the limits of Social Darwinism - limits which derive from the view of nature which lies at the very heart of Social Darwinism. The study concludes with a discussion of modern sociobiology in order to assess the continuing vitality of Social Darwinism.
Missing the revolution : Darwinism for social scientists
Quantuum economics : wage slavery or the quality-of-life? : choices in the 'new economy'
Darwin and the modern world view : the Rockwell lectures, Rice University
The political gene : how Darwin's ideas changed politics
Darwinism in philosophy : social science and policy
Darwinism & philosophy
Organs, organisms, organisations : organic form in 19th-century discourse
Darwinian fairytales : selfish genes, errors of heredity, and other fables of evolution
Human nature and history : a response to sociobiology
Darwin's conjecture : the search for general principles of social and economic evolution
Race, empire, and the idea of human development
The evolution of human sociality : a Darwinian conflict perspective
Darwin day in America : how our politics and culture have been dehumanized in the name of science
Social Darwinism in European and American thought, 1860-1945 : nature as model and nature as threat
The "vanity of the philosopher" : from equality to hierarchy in postclassical economics
Literary Darwinism : evolution, human nature, and literature
Crisis in sociology : the need for Darwin
Economics in the shadows of Darwin and Marx : essays on institutional and evolutionary themes
The new evolutionary social science : human nature, social behavior, and social change
Joseph Conrad and the ethics of Darwinism : the challenges of science
The philosophically most challenging science today, arguably, is no longer physics but biology. It is hardly an exaggeration to state that Charles Darwin has shaped modern evolutionary biology more significantly than anyone else. Moreover, since Darwin's day, philosophers and scientists have realized the enormous philosophical potential of Darwinism and have tried to expand his insights well beyond the limits of biology. However, no consensus has been achieved. The aim of this collection of essays is to revive a comprehensive discussion of the meaning and the philosophical implications of "Darwinism." The contributors to Darwinism and Philosophy are international scholars from the fields of philosophy, science, and history of ideas. A strength of this collection is that it brings together sustained reflection from American and Continental philosophical traditions. The conclusions of the contributors vary, but taken together their essays successfully map the problems of interpreting "Darwinism."
Approaches to personal identity in Kafka's short fiction : Freud, Darwin, Kierkegaard
Man-made morals : four philosophies that shaped America
The idea of race
Toward a sociobiological hermeneutic : Darwinian essays on literature
The idea of national superiority in Central Europe, 1880-1918
Darwin's coat-tails : essays on Social Darwinism
The German deaf community's devastation by eugenics, educators, and National Socialism in the 1930s and early 1940s forms the subject matter of Crying Hands. Book tells a painful story. The mutilation and suffering of children, adolescents, and parents, whose only crime was deafness, appears repeadly in the documents and survivor testimony Biesold collected. This study was accepted in 1986 by the University of Bremen as a dissertation qualifying the author for the degree of Doctor of Philosphy.
Madame Bovary's ovaries : a Darwinian look at literature
The Darwinian heritage and sociobiology
The meme machine
The things we do : using the lessons of Bernard and Darwin to understand the what, how, and why of our behavior
Masculinity in four Victorian epics : a Darwinist reading
Darwin and Faulkner's novels : evolution and southern fiction
The theory of cultural and social selection
Edith Wharton's social register
Social Darwinism in American thought
Charles Darwin
Selfish genes and Christian ethics : theological and ethical reflections on evolutionary biology
Crying hands : eugenics and deaf people in Nazi Germany
"In The Theory of Cultural and Social Selection, W. G. Runciman presents an original and wide-ranging account of the fundamental process by which human cultures and societies come to be of the different kinds that they are. Drawing on and extending recent advances in neo-Darwinian evolutionary theory, Runciman argues that collective human behaviour should be analyzed as the acting-out of information transmitted at the three separate but interacting levels of heritable variation and competitive selection - the biological, the cultural, and the social. The implications which this carries for a reformulation of the traditional agenda of comparative and historical sociology are explored with the help of selected examples, and located within the context of current debates about sociological theory and practice. The Theory of Cultural and Social Selection is a succinct and highly imaginative contribution to one of the great intellectual debates of our times, from one of the world's leading social theorists"--Provided by publisher.
Socialist Darwinism : evolution in German socialist thought from Marx to Bernstein
A Darwinian left : politics, evolution, and cooperation
In search of human nature : the decline and revival of darwinism in American social thought
