http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23226 economic indicators
economic indicators
Agri-environmental and rural development indicators : a proposal
Targets and tools for the maintenance of forest biodiversity
Executive summary (s. 7-11).
The economics of involuntary resettlement : questions and challenges
World development indicators 2004.
Sustainability assessment of forest resources - tools for a problem-orientated approach
Status and trends in forest management worldwide : 1980-2000
Criteria and indicators for sustainable plantation forestry in Indonesia
Pocket world in figures : 2010 edition
Effects of forest policy means on sustainable forest management : according to specialists in criteria and indicators - framework
Economic growth and measurement reconsidered in Botswana, Kenya, Tanzania, and Zambia, 1965-1995
Business economics
The book of international lists : how the countries of the world compare
Vital signs 2003 : the trends that are shaping our future
Europe in the creative age
Indicators of sustainable development : a pilot study following the methodology of the United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development
OECD journal. Journal of business cycle measurement and analysis : a joint publication of OECD and CIRET
Finnair technical procurement's processes and service quality
Indicators of the Finnish society
Microbial indicators of fertility in arable land
"As today's preeminent doomsday investor Mark Spitznagel describes his Daoist and roundabout investment approach, "one gains by losing and loses by gaining." This is Austrian Investing, an archetypal, counterintuitive, and proven approach, gleaned from the 150-year-old Austrian School of economics, that is both timeless and exceedingly timely. In The Dao of capital, hedge fund manager and tail-hedging pioneer Mark Spitznagel--with one of the top returns on capital of the financial crisis, as well as over a career--takes us on a gripping, circuitous journey from the Chicago trading pits, over the coniferous boreal forests and canonical strategists from Warring States China to Napoleonic Europe to burgeoning industrial America, to the great economic thinkers of late 19th century Austria. We arrive at his central investment methodology of Austrian Investing, where victory comes not from waging the immediate decisive battle, but rather from the roundabout approach of seeking the intermediate positional advantage (what he calls shi), of aiming at the indirect means rather than directly at the ends. The monumental challenge is in seeing time differently, in a whole new intertemporal dimension, one that is so contrary to our wiring. Spitznagel is the first to condense the theories of Ludwig von Mises and his Austrian School of economics into a cohesive and--as Spitznagel has shown--highly effective investment methodology. From identifying the monetary distortions and non-randomness of stock market routs (Spitznagel's bread and butter) to scorned highly-productive assets, in Ron Paul's words from the foreword, Spitznagel "brings Austrian economics from the ivory tower to the investment portfolio. "The Dao of capital provides a rare and accessible look through the lens of one of today's great investors to discover a profound harmony with the market process--a harmony that is so essential today"--
1995 input-output tables for Japan
The trader's guide to key economic indicators
Environmental indicators and agricultural policy
Summary in English.
The soil quality concept and its importance in the study of Finnish arable soils
Summary and conclusions (s. 55-57).
The global competitiveness report 2006-2007
How numbers rule the world : the use and abuse of statistics in global politics
Sustainable development and indicators : information of ecological, economical, social and regional activity in rural areas
Indicators for sustainable aquaculture in Mediterranean and Black Sea countries : guide for the use of indicators to monitor sustainable development of aquaculture
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
Understanding statistics and market research data
The impact of macroeconomic policies on the rural poor : analytical framework and indicators
Environmental performance of agriculture in OECD countries since 1990
Dynamic environmental indicators for smart homes : assessing the role of home energy management systems in achieving decarbonisation goals in the residential sector
Pocket world in figures : 2007 edition
ISNAR agricultural research indicator series : a global data base on national agricultural research systems
World development indicators 2007.
State of Finland's Forest 2011 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Big picture economics : how to navigate the new global economy
Proceedings of the C&I workshop 2002 : researches of criteria and indicators based on the Montreal Process : FFPRI, Tsukuba, Japan, 23-24 October 2002
Criteria and indicators for sustainable forest management
Measuring eco-efficiency : a case study of agriculture in the Kymenlaakso region, Finland
Trends in poverty and livelihoods in coastal fishing communities of Orissa State, India
State of Finlands forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
The little data book 2002.
Economic and material flow indicators for the Kymenlaakso region
The little data book
World development indicators 1999
Towards a 'new' political arithmetic : an assessment of the indicators of sustainable development
Czech Republic 1996 ; basic socio-economic indicators
The state of forestry in Finland 2000 : criteria and indicators for sustainable forest management in Finland
Measurement error: consequences, applications and solutions
Integration of environment into EU agriculture policy : the IRENA indicator-based assessment report
Geography of innovation in Europe and Finland : empirical studies on innovation indicators and regional development
Summary.
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
State of Finland's forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Measuring progress : is life getting better?
Operational standards and guidelines for biodiversity management in tropical and subtropical forest plantations : how widely do they cover an ecological framework?
2000 input-output tables for Japan
Taking the temperature : forecasting GDP growth for mainland China
The European Union : economy, society, and polity
On the choice of optimal central bank currency baskets
Guide to economic indicators : making sense of economics
Indicators of the Finnish economy
Global poverty reduction to 2015 and beyond : what has been the impact of MDGs and what are the options for a post-2015 global framework?
The public budget balance, fiscal indicators and cyclical sensitivity in the Nordic countries
Well-being for public policy
Atlas of global development
Criteria and indicators for sustainable forest management : a compendium
Ecosystem services : global issues, local practices
The secrets of economic indicators : hidden clues to future economic trends and investment opportunities
Farm incomes, wealth and agricultural policy
Benchmarking water services : guiding water utilities to excellence
The global competitiveness report 2004-2005
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
Fool's gold? : utopianism in the 21st century
Measuring sustainable development : macroeconomics and the environment
Stocks for the long run : the definitive guide to financial market returns & long-term investment strategies
Key performance indicators : the 75 measures every manager needs to know
Indicators for the sustainable development of finfish Mediterranean aquaculture : highlights from the InDAM project
The little green data book 2006.
Monetary green accounting and ecosystem services
Mismeasuring our lives : why GDP doesn't add up
Introduction to economic growth
Criteria and indicators for sustainable forest management in Finland
OECD environmental indicators : 2001 : towards sustainable development
National report on temperate and boreal sustainable forest management criteria and indicators (Monreal process)
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
"Do instruments such as performance indicators, valuation formulas, consumer tests, stock prices or financial contracts represent an external reality? Or do they rather constitute, in a performative fashion, what they refer to? The Provoked Economy tackles this question from a pragmatist angle, considering economic reality as a ceaselessly provoked reality. It takes the reader through a series of diverse empirical sites - from public administrations to stock exchanges, from investment banks to marketing facilities and business schools - in order to explore what can be seen from such a demanding standpoint. It demonstrates that descriptions of economic objects do actually produce economic objects and that the simulacrum of an economic act is indeed a form of realization. It also shows that provoking economic reality means facing practical tests in which what ought to be economic or not is subject to elaboration and controversy. This book opens paths for empirical investigation in the social sciences, but also for the philosophical renewal of the critique of economic reality. It will be useful for students and scholars in social theory, sociology, anthropology, philosophy and economics"--
The provision of forest ecosystem services. Volume II, Assessing cost of provision and designing economic instruments for ecosystem services
Atlas of global development : a visual guide to the world's greatest challenges
Criteria and indicators for sustainable plantation forestry in India
State, economy, and society in Western Europe 1815-1975 : a data handbook in two volumes. Vol. 1, The growth of mass democracies and welfare states
Indicator systems for political, economic, and social analysis : papers presented at a conference held by the International Institute for Comparative Social Research at the Science Center Berlin in June 1978
The Dao of capital : Austrian investing in a distorted world
Vital signs 1997 : the environmental trends that are shaping our future
World development indicators 1997.
The global competitiveness report 2005-2006
Scoreboard for the surveillance of macroeconomic imbalances
The provoked economy : economic reality and the performative turn
Intergovernmental seminar on criteria and indicators for sustainable forest management August 19-22, 1996, Helsinki, Finland : background document
