http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23207 non-pharmacological treatment
non-pharmacological treatment nonpharmacological treatment
The Van Gogh blues : the creative person's path through depression
The depression cure : the 6-step programme to beat depression without drugs / Stephen S. Ilardi
Nonmedication treatments for adult ADHD : evaluating impact on daily functioning and well-being
Controlling IBS the drug-free way : a 10-step plan for symptom relief
Antipsychotic medication forms a cornerstone in the treatment of schizophrenia and its effect on positive symptoms and relapse prevention after the first episode has been shown. After the first episode, the treatment guidelines for schizophrenia recommend the continuation of antipsychotic medication at a minimum from six months to five years. The long-term and life-span benefits and harmful side-effects are not fully known. The aim of this naturalistic study was to analyze long-term use of antipsychotic medication with a special interest in medication tapering and discontinuation in schizophrenia. Non-medicated subjects were more often males and in remission, less often on a disability pension, and had better clinical outcomes when compared to medicated subjects at age 34 years. No differences were found when comparing relapse rates during the 8.7 years of follow-up after 34 years between non-medicated and medicated subjects. Not having been hospitalized during the previous 5 years before the follow-up predicted long-term successful antipsychotic discontinuation without relapse. In the long-term, use of antipsychotic medication became steadier after the first five years. A favorable outcome was associated with low and steady antipsychotic medication, and unfavorable with high long-term cumulative use and antipsychotic polypharmacy. Subjects with antipsychotic medication had non-significantly lower total gray matter (TGM) volume compared with non-medicated subjects. Time without antipsychotic medication preceding magnetic resonance imaging was associated with increased TGM and with increased regional volume in the right precentral gyrus and right middle frontal gyrus. This study has a unique description of long-term use of antipsychotics. It provides new information on medication discontinuation and its effect in schizophrenia in the long-term in terms of relapses and brain morphometry.
Postoperative pain management in hospitalized children : focus on non-pharmacological pain relieving methods from the viewpoints of nurses, parents and children
Patients' pain assessment and management during medication-free colonoscopy
Cognitive behavioral therapy for shift workers with chronic insomnia
Neuropsychiatric symptoms, psychotropic drug use and physical restraints in older persons : cross-sectional study in home care and residential care
Non-pharmacological pain relief in premature babies
Non-pharmacological methods in relieving children's postoperative pain assessed by Chinese nurses
Sound asleep : the expert guide to sleeping well
The use of antipsychotic medication and its association with outcomes and brain morphometry in schizophrenia : the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966 Study
Non-pharmacological methods in children's postoperative pain relief in China
Nonpharmacological treatment of hypertension : a controlled randomized study with special emphasis on sodium restriction
Depression and anxiety the drug-free way
The depression cure : the 6-step program to beat depression without drugs
All too many of us are not getting the quality or amount of sleep we need. Perhaps we have difficulty drifting off, or we lie awake in the small hours, or have problems with a restless partner, or with bad dreams, or with our work-sleep patterns if we are shiftworkers or early risers. The big question is, what can we do about such problems? Who can we turn to, for a sympathetic and knowledgeable one-to-one consultation? The answer is, to one of the world's leading sleep experts: Professor Chris Idzikowski, who here reveals his wisdom in a down-to-earth and reassuring way. Sound Asleep gives you the in-depth understanding you need to make your sleep more restful, more energising and more satisfactory.
