http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23267 Salvia
Salvia
An improved HPLC post-column methodology for the identification of free radical scavenging  phytochemicals in complex mixtures
The antibacterial effect of aqueous extracts at a concentration of 1.0 (v/v) and 5.0% (w/w) of oregano, marjoram, sage and liquorice, widely used as soft drinks and food flavours, were evaluated against Escherichia coli and Bacillus subtilis under in vitro conditions in tryptone soya yeast extract broth at 35 degrees C and in milk and labneh, respectively. All tested aqueous extracts demonstrated an inhibitory effect against both organisms. Oregano, marjoram, sage and liquorice extracts exhibited a higher antibacterial activity against B. subtilis compared to E. coli. Further, oregano extract had the highest antibacterial activity against the tested bacteria compared to marjoram, liquorice and sage extracts. GS-MS analysis detected a wide range of organic and volatile compounds in herbal extracts. The inhibitory effect of some substances on the growth behaviour of bacteria was also discussed.
Salvia anatolica (Lamiaceae), a new species from East Anatolia, Turkey
Extraction of sage (Salvia officinalis L.) by pressurized hot water and conventional methods: antioxidant activity of the  extract
Chemical and anti-bacterial characterization of aqueous extracts of oregano, marjoram, sage and licorice and their application in milk and labneh
Effects of different rooting media and indole butyric acid on rooting of stem cuttings in sage (Salvia officinalis L. and Salvia triloba L.)
Salvia ekimiana (Lamiaceae), a new species from Turkey
The aim of this study was to determine the effects of different rooting media and IBA on rooting of sage stem cuttings. This research was conducted in the greenhouse of Uludag University, Faculty of Agriculture, Department of Field Crops in 1999 and 2000. In this study, two sage species (Salvia officinalis L. and Salvia triloba L.) were grown at three different rooting media (100% turf, 80% turf+20% perlite, 80% turf+20% pumice) treated with 1000 ppm IBA. Completely randomized design with three replications was used in for the experiments, carried out for two years' periods. When the roots covered the plastic trays (after about 45 days from planting), the percentage of rooting (%), root height (cm), cutting height (cm), dry weight of cutting (g) and dry weight of root (g) were recorded. Percentage of rooting was measured for the whole plants in the vial. Results showed that Salvia officinalis L. (72.16%) had higher percentage of rooting than Salvia triloba L. (57.22%) and also had the best percentage of rooting in media consisting of 80% turf+20% pumice and 80% turf+20% perlite. Moreover a high dry root weight was obtained from Salvia officinalis L.
On the relative contribution of genetic erosion to the chance of population extinction
Health from herbs? : antioxidant studies on selected Lamiaceae herbs in vitro and in humans
Salvia marashica (Lamiaceae), a new species from Turkey
