http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23219 personality theories
personality theories
Adult personality development. Vol. 1, Theories and concepts
Organizing identity : persons and organizations 'after theory'
Self-esteem and positive psychology : research, theory, and practice
Theories of personality : a systems approach
Building blocks of personality type : a guide to discovering the hidden secrets of the personality type code
Personality in adulthood : a five-factor theory perspective
Narcissism : a new theory
Theories of personality : understanding persons
Social structure and personality development : the individual as a productive processor of reality
Szondi's personality theory in the year 2000.. Book 1, Some experimental specifications
Personality as an educational phenomenon
The SAGE handbook of personality theory and assessment. Vol. 1. Personality theories and models
Interpersonal behavior : history and practice of personality theory
Personality : classic theories and modern research
Blackwell handbook of infant development
This text recasts theories of self, synthesizing a range of psychologists and philosophers to restore to psychology the centrality of personhood and choice. Its unique perspective de-emphasizes method and formula in favor of moral agency and life experience.
The five-factor model of personality : theoretical perspectives
The problem of knowledge
Personality theories : a comparative analysis
George Kelly : the psychology of personal constructs
Personality theories : development, growth, and diversity
Personality structure and human interaction : the developing synthesis of psycho-dynamic theory
Personality theories : critical perspectives
Cognitive structures as factors in social cognition : four empirical studies of implicit personality theory
The power of when : discover your chronotype - and the best time to eat lunch, ask for a raise, have sex, write a novel, take your meds, and more
Handbook of modern personality theory
Universal and specific features of personality traits in their various representations
The Cambridge handbook of personality psychology
Level three leadership : getting below the surface
Perspectives on personality
Individual differences and personality
Nine types of controller : the role of business controller in the light of the enneagram theory
Finnish summary.
Aspects of the feminine
Paradigms of personality assessment
Leading with individual consideration : forming value with customers in business interactions
Personality : Theory, assessment, and research
Psychoanalytic diagnosis : understanding personality structure in the clinical process
Career counselling : compendium of methods and techniques
Summary in estonian.
Most advice centers on what to do, or how to do it, and ignores the when of success. But exciting new research proves there is a right time to do just about everything, based on our biology and hormones. As Dr. Michael Breus proves in The power of when, working with your body's inner clock for maximum health, happiness, and productivity is easy, exciting, and fun. The power of when presents a groundbreaking new program for getting back in sync with your natural rhythm by making minor changes to your daily routine. After you've taken Dr. Breus's comprehensive Bio-Time Quiz to figure out your chronotype (are you a Bear, Lion, Dolphin or Wolf?), you'll find out the best time to do over 50 different activities. Featuring a foreword by Mehmet C. Oz, MD, and packed with fascinating facts, fun personality quizzes, and easy-to-follow guidelines, The power of when is the ultimate "lifehack" to help you achieve your goals.
Key concepts in psychotherapy integration
From fear to flow : personality and information interaction
Psychoanalytic theories of personality
Personality assessment and self-other rating agreement : moderators and implications of agreement
Social selves : theories of self and society
The science of ADHD : a guide for parents and professionals
Personality theories
Perfectionism : theory, research, and treatment
Social selves : theories of the social formation of personality
The Five-Factor Model of personality across cultures
INTRODUCTION TO PERSONALITY
Major theories of personality disorder
From Fear to Flow explores how personality traits may influence attitude, behaviour and reaction to information. Consideration is made for Individual differences in information behaviour and reasons behind individual search differences. The book explores personality and information behaviour and discusses how personality may influence the attitude towards information, information behaviour, and reaction to information. Reaction to information is examined in contexts such as everyday life, decision-making, work, studies and human-computer interaction. This title introduces a little researched area which is current and needed in our Information Age. It combines knowledge from psychology and information studies.
The reinforcement sensitivity theory of personality
Szondi's personality theory in the year 2004.. Second volume, Validity and reliability for the Szondi test : drive emotions and colour preferences
Motivation : theories and principles
International handbook of personal construct psychology
The course of life. Vol. 1, Infancy
An introduction to theories of personality
Personality disorders and the five-factor model of personality
Personality : current theory and research
The psychology of individual differences. Volume 2 : Personality
Personality and psychopathology : building a clinical science : selected papers of Theodore Millon
Personality : theory, assessment, and research
The SAGE handbook of personality theory and assessment. Vol. 2. Personality measurement and testing
Inside out and outside in : psychodynamic clinical theory and practice in contemporary multicultural contexts
Life-span development : concepts, theories and interventions
Theories of personality
Affect dysregulation & disorders of the self
Motivation and personality
The science of personality
Personality development : theoretical, empirical and clinical investigations of Loevinger's conception of ego development
Social psychology in the seventies
Seeing double : shared identities in physics, philosophy, and literature
Our original scenes : Freud's theory of sexuality
Advances in psychology research. Vol. 39
Theories of personality : a zonal perspective
Law's interior : legal and literary constructions of the self
Personality theories : an introduction
Releasing the self : the healing legacy of Heinz Kohut
Personality : theory, measurement and research
Levels of personality
Personality affects musical emotion processing : an fMRI-study
Abstract: An entrepreneur's personality and its impact on the firm's growth : an analysis through the Big Five theory.
A history of personality psychology : theory, science, and research from Hellenism to the twenty-first century
Personality psychology
Max Weber and Thomas Mann : calling and the shaping of the self
Motivation and personality : handbook of thematic content analysis
Handbook of personality : theory and research
Persons : understanding psychological selfhood and agency
Human differences
Emotions in the practice of psychotherapy : clinical implications of affect theories
"Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder is a long-term disorder affecting many children and adults. It is also a highly controversial psychiatric disorder; in its cause, its diagnosis, and the effect of diagnosis on the patient. This controversy is exacerbated by the commonly recommended treatment for the condition - Ritalin. The Science of ADHD addresses the scientific status of ADHD in an informed and accessible way, without recourse to emotional or biased viewpoints. The very latest studies are used to present a reasoned account of ADHD and its treatment. The Science of ADHD is highly multidisciplinary, covering the areas of genetics, neuroscience, psychology and treatment. The ever increasing scientific evidence is described and discussed, informing the reader of the limitations of the science, but also the benefits that scientific enquiry can bring to understanding what goes on in the ADHD brain"--Provided by publisher.
Philosophy and the humanities
