http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23229 stem cell transfusion
stem cell transfusion
Novel strategies for spinal cord injury repair
Redesigning animal agriculture : the challenge of the 21st century
Healing of cranial critical sized defects with grafts, stem cells, growth factors and bio-materials
Biological Basis of Alcohol-Induced Cancer
Bone is a highly vascularized tissue which enables a close interaction between blood vessels and osteoid complexes, including osteoblasts and osteoclasts. Iatrogenic bone loss, caused by a surgical intervention or trauma, disrupts circulation in the bone and leads to hypoxia and even necrosis of the adjacent bone. The mechanisms of the bone tissue healing process by regeneration are highly specific.The most common and predictable way to manage a large-sized skull bone defect has traditionally been using the patient's own bone tissue graft. The problem with the method is damage and pain of the donor site caused by the operation and healing problems. In paediatric patients, there is a limited availability of adequate autologous bone grafts. For this reason, efforts have been made to develop substitute materials in order to avoid the need for large bone grafts. Autologous stem cells have proven to be promising targets for the development of bone substitutes for cranio-maxillofacial bone defects.The main objective of this study was to examine, by using an experimental animal model, differences in the healing of critical-sized calvarial bone defects, similar to cranioplasty, induced with different types of autogenous bone grafts and with adipose tissue- or bone marrow-derived stem cells grown in two commonly used biomaterials, tricalcium phosphate and bioglass. We also investigated the effect of tissue adhesive, fibrin glue, on the healing process of bone defects. The effect of the stimulating growth factor proteins BMP-2, BMP-7 and VEGF on tissue transplants and ossification was also studied. The results of this study support the previously reported findings of accelerated bone graft resorption associated with autologous bone graft use. In particular, the use of fibrin tissue glue in combination with autologous particulated bone grafts reduced the formation of new bone incalvarial lesions.During the initial healing of calvarial bone defects, tricalcium phosphate granules proved to be more effective than solid bioactive glass scaffolds. Furthermore, in combination with adipose-derived stem cells, tricalcium phosphate showed better bone regeneration than the same cells in combination with a bioactive glass scaffold. Combining bone marrow-derived stem cells with biomaterial did not increase bone formation in calvarial critical-sized defects. In this study, there was no evidence of the positive effect of growth factors on cranial bone healing.
Quality of life and its determinants among allogeneic haematopoietic stem cell transplantation patients and the Finnish population
Medical law : text, cases, and materials
Plerixafor in autologous stem cell transplantation
Health related quality of life after childhood cancer : a Finnish nationwide survey
The central aims of the Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine, and legal implications in Finland
Mechanisms behind stem cell therapy in acute myocardial infarction
Bone marrow-derived stem cell therapy in acute myocardial infarction : an experimental porcine model
Systemic transplantation of bone marrow stromal cells : an experimental animal study of biodistribution and tissue targeting
Non-transferrin-bound iron in hematopoietic stem cell transplantation
Control of nephrogenesis by Wnt4 signaling:mechanisms of gene regulation and targeting of specific lineage cells by tissue engineering tools
Regenerative biology of the spine and spinal cord
Quantitave magnetic resonance imaging of the liver and heart in iron overload : methodology and the role of iron excess in hematological malignancies and allogeneic stem cell transplantation
Bone mass and turnover after allogeneic stem cell transplantation
Ischemic heart disease is one of the leading cause of death in the Western world. There is convincing evidence that stem cell therapy improves cardiac function and reduces the scar formation following an acute myocardial infarction (AMI). The mechanisms involved in the recovery remain partly unknown.Direct injection of stem cells into myocardium is a widely used transplantation technique though there are few details available about the behavior of cells after transplantation. A cardiac explant culture model simulating tissue stress was developed in this study to examine in detail the properties of the stem cells after their transplantation. The migration range in myocardium and the number of adherent stem cells increased with time. In vitro and in vivo studies revealed that after their administration, the stem cells became localized in the slit-like spaces, such as in the capillaries. Even though the study outcomes regarding the impact of stem cell therapy in recovery after AMI have been largely promising, the results of the clinical studies have proved to be more controversial. If one wishes to evaluate the true contribution of the stem cell therapy to the recovery, it is essential to devise a reliable study method for cell targeting. Here, iron labeled stem cells in combination with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) were used. The MRI data corresponded to the histological results. Thus, it is concluded that MRI is a feasible method for monitoring the effectiveness of cell targeting.Stem cell treatment was shown to increase cardiac function at three weeks after AMI. If there was a high number of stem cells in cardiac tissue after transplantation, this predicted a greater improvement in cardiac function. Improper stem cell injection may lead to leakage of the stem cells out of the myocardium, leading to unreproducible study results.Inflammation modulating factors secreted by the stem cells are considered as key mechanisms in the recovery after AMI. There were differences in the cytokine levels between the stem cell treated and control groups in a clinical and in vivo animal study i.e. stem cell therapy exerted a balancing effect on the inflammatory process, a crucial component in the optimal recovery after AMI.The present study reveals many properties of stem cells, importance of cell targeting and the influence of stem cell therapy on cytokine levels after AMI.
The stem cell hope : how stem cell medicine can change our lives
Differentiation and purification of human pluripotent stem cell-derived neuronal and glial cells : graft designing for spinal cord injury repair
Guide to safety and quality assurance for organs, tissues and cells
Prevention and diagnostics of invasive fungal infections in acute leukaemia and allogeneic stem cell transplantation
Differentiation of human pluripotent stem cells towards functional retinal pigment epithelium for future therapeutic applications
Accelerated aging after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in childhood, early menopause, premature cardiovascular aging and frailty
Preconditioning methods in cell therapy of the heart
Factors regulating chondrogenic differentiation
Stem cell transplantation : biology, processes, therapy
Skin stem cells and tumor growth : functions of collagen XVIII in hair follicle cycling and skin cancer, and Bmx tyrosine kinase in tumor angiogenesis
This proceedings volume will contain chapters based upon the presentation of the 2nd International Conference on Alcohol and Cancer in Colorado, 2013. The various topics explore the affects of alcohol on: liver and breast cancer, cell signaling and cancer, stem cells, biomarkers and metabolomics, aerodigestive cancers, cancer and the immune system, and more. In the recent years, a significant amount of research has emerged connecting the link between alcohol and cancer. The field has rapidly advanced, especially since the complex connection between alcohol and cancer has several unique sub areas that are being investigated and this volume gives a comprehensive overview of these advancements.
Multiple myeloma treatment in the era of novel agents : special reference to minimal residual disease, stem cell mobilization and drug sensitivity testing
"Few people know much about stem cell research beyond the ethical questions raised by using embryos. But in the last decade, stem cell research has made huge advances toward eliminating some of our most intractable diseases. Now, this sweeping book introduces us to this cutting-edge science that will revolutionize medicine and change the way we think about and treat disease. Alice Park takes us from stem cells' controversial beginnings to the recent electrifying promise of being able to create the versatile cells without using embryos at all. She shows us how stem cells give researchers an unprecedented ability to study disease while giving patients the promise of replacing diseased cells with healthy new ones. And she profiles the scientists and leaders who have fueled the quest and will continue to shape the field in years to come"--Provided by publisher.
Autologous stem cell transplantation in breast cancer
Stem cell transplantation
Abstract.
Culture of cells for tissue engineering
Principles of tissue engineering
Human embryonic stem cell-derived neural and neuronal cells in vitro and in vivo : treatment of experimental cerebral ischemia
Biomarkers of sepsis in neutropenic hematological patients
Autologous stem cell transplantation in multiple myeloma
Autologous stem cell transplantation in the treatment of cancer
Handbook of transfusion medicine
Effects of silica based biomaterials on bone marrow derived cells : material aspects of bone regeneration
Allogeneic bone marrow transplantation versus autologous stem cell transplantation in multiple myeloma : a retrospective case-matched study from the European Group for Blood and Marrow Transplantation
Bone marrow transplantation
Studies on bone marrow-derived stem cells in patients with acute myocardial infarction
Translational stem cell research : issues beyond the debate on the moral status of the human embryo
Intracerebral stem cell transplantation in experimental stroke models
Novel animal models and gene therapy applications for glioblastoma multiforme
Practical transfusion medicine
Osteonecrosis in children, adolescents and young adults treated for cancer
The global politics of human embryonic stem cell science : regenerative medicine in transition
Characterization and optimization of in vitro culture conditions of adult stem cells for clinical cell therapy
Paracrine factors from aggregates of fibroblasts or bone marrow stromal cells enhance skin wound healing
Quantitative magnetic resonance imaging of the liver and heart in iron overload : methodology and the role of iron excess in hematological malignancies and allogeneic stem cell transplantation
Fibroblast feeder cells in human pluripotent stem cell culture and retinal differentiation : progress toward clinical cell therapy
The recovery of the immune system and its implications in pediatric allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation
Insights into the use of adipose stem cells for clinical cell therapy : novel culture conditions and characterization of multipotency and immunogenic properties
Regulation of spermatogenesis : differentiation of GFP-labeled stem cells and function of cytoplasmic bridges
Cord blood haematopoietic stem cell units for transplantation
Therapeutic properties of superoxide dismutase 3 and mesenchymal stromal cells in peripheral ischemia
