http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23224 electronic financial management
electronic financial management digital financial management
Course: 8611 : inventory management in Microsoft DynamicsTM NAV 5.0
ICEB + eBRF 2006 : frontiers of e-business research 2006 : conference proceedings
Electronic invoicing as a platform for exchanging accounting information : the electronic accounting reference concept
E-logistics : managing your digital supply chains for competitive advantage
E-Logistics focuses on the strategic role of e-logistics in managing information and information flows within and between organisations in today's dynamic global environment.
Electronic document archiving in Häme Polytechnic
Accounting information systems
Reporting in accounting : how to support business planning and decision-making
Putting consumers' IT adoption in context : failed link between attitudes and behavior
On the interface between accounting and modern information technology
Manufacturing II in Microsoft DynamicsTM NAV 5.0
Electronic archiving applications and their adoption in Finnish accounting firms
Development of the cost-efficient reporting process for VTP Oy
Modeling and designing accounting systems : using Access to build a database
The myth of the paperless office
The main purpose of this thesis is to give Case Company A clear view of their customer's needs in the area of electronic reporting and support services. The objectives of this thesis are to investigate the fields of electronic reporting and electronic business management, research Case Company A's customer reporting needs, and to include how and when these reports should be delivered. A third objective is to study the reporting needs of different types of customer groups. These groups are divided according to years as an entrepreneur, number of full-time employees and turnover in 2008. Empirical research was a survey drawn-up Case Company A's customers in order to find out what type of reporting services would best support their business planning and decision-making. An empirical study was carried out as an Internet-based survey supported by personal interviews. The survey conducted for the thesis shows a clear need for support in using the reporting tools. The results also showed that the customers saw written analysis and graphic illustrations as useful parts of the accounting and payroll reports. Different customer characteristics were compared with reporting needs. The needs of the companies with a large turnover were significantly different compared with companies with a smaller turnover. Comparison of the number of personnel and entrepreneurs' years of experience did not provide clear results. By analysing the survey results, the following recommendations are given to Case Company A: training customers and personnel, changing  negative attitudes, developing the procedures and reporting.
Accounting in networks
Delivering the vision : public services for the information society and the knowledge economy
Information, the people that use it, the tool that stores it, the E-tool that sends it & how to use and get the most from it
Starting a successful business
Reforms for stability and sustainable growth : an OECD perspective on Hungary
Manufacturing I in Microsoft DynamicsTM NAV 5.0 : 8607 A.
Business Process Management System in The City of Oulu's Electronic Government
Electronic invoicing iniatives in Finland and in the European Union : taking the steps towards the real-time economy
Managing the electronic library : a practical guide for information professionals
Computer accounting : for courses based on Sage Accounting software
Payment habits and trends in the changing e-landscape 2010+
Value of information logistics integration in digital business ecosystem
IT auditing : using controls to protect information assets
Managing electronic services : a public sector perspective
