http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23271 governors
governors
The commander : a life of Barclay de Tolly
Rise of the governor
Author does full justice to a flamboyant, unscrupulous, quick-witted, and vestigially idealistic figure. Massive coverage of the 1920's and 1930's and excellent portraits of the personalities which gave them flavor are handled with scholarship and grace.
Journey to Britannia : from the heart of Rome to Hadrian's Wall, AD 130
The politics of rage : George Wallace, the origins of the new conservatism, and the transformation of American politics
Recall! : California's political earthquake
Canada's Governors-General : Lord Monck to General Vanier
Saucer country. [Vol. 2] : The reticulan candidate
Birds of prey
Empire statesman : the rise and redemption of Al Smith
Mrs. Lincoln's rival
Married to the empire : three governors' wives in Russian America 1829-1864
The fall of the governor. Part two
The rise of Theodore Roosevelt
Spanish gold : captain Woodes Rogers and the true story of the pirates of the Caribbean
Wallace
F. A. Seyn : a political biography of a tsarist imperialist as administrator of Finland
Summary.
The politics of frustration : The governorgeneralship of N. I. Bobrikov
The viceroy and governor-general of India
The governor-general as an administrative official in autonomous Finland in 1861-1898 : introduction to the research method
The governor and his subjects in the later Roman empire
Saucer country. [Vol. 1] : Run
Who administred the borderlands? : the governors-general in the 19th-century Russia
Huey Long : a biography
The dynamics of federalism in Russia : a study of formal and informal power resources of the regional chief executives in Russian centre-region relations
Robert Morris : financier of the American Revolution
Total recall : my unbelievably true life story
Amassing treasures for all times : Sir George Grey, colonial bookman and collector
The fall of the governor. Part one
La Follette's autobiography : a personal narrative of political experiences
The rise and fall of the Russo-Finnish consensus : the history of the "Second" Committee on Finnish Affairs in St. Petersburg (1857-1891)
Isle of dogs
