http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23230 system management
system management
Workflow Management : Models, Methods, and Systems
Tuning light knock limits on SG engines
Windows 8 Bible
Data collection analysis and management system
Enterprise content and search management for building digital platforms
DNSSEC key management and exchange
Architecture principles : the cornerstones of enterprise architecture
Measuring the implementation of a CRM for salespeople : a case study in a sales organization
Deploying the integrated management system : quality, environment, and health and safety self : self-assessment work book : 59 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Enhancing the usability and availability of information infrastructure essential for securing the vital functions of society : final report
An analysis of product data management system development project
Linux administration : a beginner's guide
Windows server 2012 R2 inside out : services, security, & infrastructure
Environmental management ISO 14001 & EMAS: self-assessment work book : 44 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Improving customer feeback process with process management and lean tools : case: Oy Kaha Ab
In practice, requirements engineering tasks become more and more complex. In order to ensure a high level of knowledge and training, the International Requirements Engineering Board (IREB) worked out the training concept Certified Professional for Requirements EngineeringA", which defines a requirements engineer's practical skills on different training levels. The book covers the different subjects of the curriculum for the Certified Professional for Requirements EngineeringA" (CPRE) defined by the International Requirements Engineering Board (IREB). It supports its readers in preparing for the test to achieve the Foundation LevelA" of the CPRE.
Collaborative Document Management Systems
Path to improved firm performance with Business Process Management (BPM) and BPM systems
Tin Phong Sales Management System
OpenCart 1.4 beginner's guide : build and manage professional online shopping stores easily using OpenCart
Unix and Linux
Information architecture for information professionals
Managing a project : Scancomings Tourplan project
PostgreSQL database performance optimization
Internet information services (IIS) 7.0 resource kit
Database design : know it all
CMDB Systems: Making Change Work in the Age of Cloud and Agile shows you how an integrated database across all areas of an organization’s information system can help make organizations more efficient reduce challenges during change management and reduce total cost of ownership (TCO). In addition, this valuable reference provides guidelines that will enable you to avoid the pitfalls that cause CMDB projects to fail and actually shorten the time required to achieve an implementation of a CMDB.
Developing, Managing and Maintaining Web Applications with Content Management Systems: Drupal and Joomla as case study
Supporting the success of an information systems project : viewpoints on education and replacement of the project manager
CMDB systems : making change work in the age of Cloud and Agile
Utilization of quality management systems in Finnish medical laboratories
Long short-term memory recurrent neural networks
Requirements engineering fundamentals : a study guide for the Certified Professional for Requirements Engineering exam : foundation level, IREB compliant
Six Sigma for dummies
Towards a human-oriented metrology for improvement and change
Lectio praecursoria : the interaction of organisational structure and humans in knowledge integration
The disaster recovery handbook : a step-by-step plan to ensure business continuity and protect vital operations, facilities, and assets
Security 2020 : Reduce security risks this decade
Essential Linux administration : a comprehensive guide for beginners
Cybersecurity : managing systems, conducting testing, and investigating intrusions
Selecting a Deployment Automation Tool for CRM Software in Elisa Oy
Business intelligence : the savvy manager's guide
System Center 2012 configuration manager : unleashed
Beginning database design solutions
Windows 8 quick steps
SAP query reporting tools
Using the latest research and driven by practical experience from industry, the third edition of this popular book provides useful information to practitioners on how to write and structure requirements. / Explains the importance of Systems Engineering and the creation of effective solutions to problems / Describes the underlying representations used in system modelling and introduces the UML2 / Considers the relationship between requirements and modelling / Covers a generic multi-layer requirements process / Discusses the key elements of effective requirements management / Explains the important concept of rich traceability In this third edition the authors have updated the overview of DOORS to include the changes featured in version 9.2. An expanded description of Product Family Management and a more explicit definition of Requirements Engineering are also included. Requirements Engineering is written for those who want to develop their knowledge of requirements engineering, whether practitioners or students.
DEVELOPING A MOBILE SITE USING KOODIVIIDAKKO CONTENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM TOOL – SIVUVIIDAKKO
Systems management server in UAS network
Windows 8 secrets
System center Configuration Manager 2012
Internet information services 7.0 resource kit
CISSP for dummies
Product data management mapping in engineering office : case: Citec Engineering Oy
The purpose of this thesis was to examine the target company’s current situation regarding the project management tools as well as organize and carry out the system survey project and also to produce a proposal for a possible system acquisition to the management team. The final goal was to implement the new system(s), arrange training events, create user instructions and control the production transfer. Data evaluation of the current state was collected from the different users personally. The launch for the thesis was also supported by the previously held job satisfaction survey in the target company, which indicates the need for the system and process development. The obtained data was part of the requirement specification for the system survey process whose outcome was chosen a suitable system and vendor. The implementation process was carried out with the company’s project team and close cooperation with the vendor. Finally the new system(s) and the practices were successfully implemented and realized. In the end, the user satisfaction survey was arranged in order to review the practical results of implementation. The questionnaires were sent to almost 100 people around the organization. The evaluated questionnaire results show that the outcome of the implementation process was a major step forward in the company project related to tools. In addition of the project management tools, the company’s financial management system as well as other company's operations were harmonized, electrified and updated. The final review of the implementation project showed that the achieved state enables more efficient project related actions. The results prove that the final outcome is now supporting better the company’s business operations in many ways and will bring more value adding business activities around the organization. Therefore, further studies do not need to be conducted in the near future in this area but some development actions still remained to be solved. These issues relates to the existing functions of the implemented systems which need to be developed further to ensure the full utilization of the system, fulfilling the company’s future needs and guarantee a cost-effective and qualitative grow and competitiveness.
Database systems : a practical approach to design, implementation, and management
An investigation into factors for successful customer relationship management implementation : change, information technology and the human being
Near Field Communication Tag Management System: TagMan case study
Windows 7 bible
Implementation of a registry management component for mobile sampling service
Product lifecycle management
Enhancing Project Management with Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007
CHOOSING AND IMPLEMENTING CRM SYSTEM FOR A SERVICE COMPANY : Nordmaja OÜ
Reviewing the European excellence model from management control view
A Conceptual model for collaboration-based farm management information systems
Criteria for the evaluation of requirements management tools supporting distributed software product line engineering and management
InfoSet Based SAP BI HCM Data Modeling
Microsoft sharepoint server 2010 bible
MCSA : Windows Server 2012 complete study guide
Tiivistelmä: System Center Configuration Manager 2012.
Demystifying big data and machine learning for healthcare
Mastering system center 2012 : configuration manager
Employee commitment to CRM implementation : Case: Wärtsilä Ship Power
An introduction to information systems
Creation the SEPA and its impacts on companies in Finland
Software test automation : effective use of test execution tools
Integrating Master Data Application in a Global Enterprise
Product lifecycle management : 21st century paradigm for product realisation
Provides modern enterprises with the tools to create a robust digital platform utilizing proven best practices, practical models, and time-tested techniques Contemporary business organizations can either embrace the digital revolution or be left behind.
PLM-ERP integration
Windows 8 simplified
iPad & iPhone administrator's guide
Open systems and standards for software product development
eGOOD operational enviroment as a tool for innovative data management within business networks
Improving Quality in Evolving Software Development Team Practices
Building a foundation for smart energy management system
Quality management and business excellence, customers and stakeholders : do we agree on what we are talking about, and does it matter?
Managing science : methodology and organization of research
Electronic safety and soundness : securing finance in a new age
Risk management in ERP Projects : Case: Upgrading to Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009
PLM-ERP INTEGRATION
Sap security configuration and deployment : the IT administrator's guide to best practices
Globally distributed knowledge sharing in social software environments : barriers and interventions
Management system standards : comparison between IAEA GS-R-3 and ASME NQA-1-2008 and NQA-1a-2009 addenda
Development of project management and financial management solutions
The Effects of the New Credit Management Process and OnGuard Software on the Case Company South Europe
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Adoption of Enterprise Resource planning system in an organization
Learn Windows PowerShell 3 in a month of lunches
QFD application in the hospitality industry : a hotel case study
'Deep work' is the ability to focus without distraction on a cognitively demanding task. Deep work will make you better at what you do, achieve more in less time and provide the sense of true fulfilment that comes from mastery of a skill. And yet most people have lost the ability to go deep - spending their days instead in a frantic blur of e-mail and social media, not even realising there's a better way. A mix of cultural criticism and actionable advice, Deep Work takes the reader on a journey through memorable stories - from Carl Jung building a stone tower in the woods to focus his mind, to a social media pioneer buying a round-trip to Tokyo to write a book free from distraction in the air - and surprising suggestions, such as the claim that most professionals should quit social media and that everyone should practise being bored. Deep Work will point the way to anyone seeking focused success in a distracted world.
Project management for information system development
Information architecture : the design and integration of information spaces
Windows server 2012 R2 inside out : configuration, storage, & essentials
Abstract.
Abstract: A Conceptual model for collaboration-based farm management information systems.
How Linux works : what every superuser should know
Knowledge Management in ICT department : Case: Nokian Tyres plc
Risk analysis and security countermeasure selection
Abstract: Collaborative document management systems. The volume of the electronic documents that the company nowadays has to manage is high. Therefore the systematic document management has a significant role in company's working process. The Internet has enabled that the software can be acquired as a service that operates in a cloud environment. In that case the company has the use of the software and pays only for the use. This study gathered the requirements for the cloud based documentation management system. The purpose of the study was to document both functional and business requirements for the document management system and present some existing cloud based document management systems and their features. The technical documentation of the customer company's current document management system was studied and project participants were interviewed. The initial assumption for the project was to find out, if the cloud based document management system could replace the existing system. As a result of the study the features of the customer company's current documentation management system were listed. These features among other things are storing the documents into the database, configuring the metadata and its structure, handling the documents' versions, versatile search functions, documents encryption, previewing of the documents, commenting, and the mass transfer of the documents. The business requirements for the system are that it is scalable and it supports work sharing between project participants. Also the setup and the usage of the system must be efficient. The costs for the document management system can be estimated with the information of user volumes, disk quota, and the data traffic. When comparing the features of the existing cloud based systems, it was found out that none of the systems did meet all of the requirements. The study works as a basis for the migration to the new cloud based document management system.
Big data : a revolution that will transform how we live, work, and think
Developing a mobile site using Koodiviidakko content management system tool - Sivuviidakko
Too big to ignore : the business case for big data
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
Windows administration resource kit : productivity solutions for IT professionals
Customer Relationship Management in Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd
Processing business data and statistics from IBM WebSphere commerce
A Research for Finding a Potential Point of Sale System Vendor for Peroba Ltd.
Abstract: The purpose of the thesis was to identify if there are less known factors affecting employees' willingness to adopt a new IM tool, in this case CRM. It is obvious the tool itself can always be improved but it may not explain all the reluctance usually involved in adoption of such IM implementations. This thesis researched the problem in a technology company Wärtsilä Corporation focusing on Ship Power business. It is quite common that the implementation of CRM fails, which is confirmed by numerous examples in CRM literature. CRM is a change management project and therefore both change management and internal marketing were investigated as a part of the research. First 5 in-depth interviews were conducted in Ship Power to be able to define which elements seem to discourage the adoption of CRM most. The interviews gave ideas how quantitative research questions could be phrased concerning technology, processes and leadership. E-questionnaire was sent to 76 respondents based on stratified sample. 46 responses were received. The results revealed that despite recognizing CRM a good tool in Wärtsilä Ship Power there are still some developments to be made on technology. Managers' commitment seems to be on a good level, but there are still some defects in the leadership, which should be tackled. It is evident that employee commitment is a significant factor for successful CRM implementation. Mere technology, however advanced it is, cannot guarantee the success. Consequently affective commitment to change of the employees is worth of pursuing.
Product Structure Optimization for the Network Management System Software : Case Study
Windows server®, 2012 unleashed
Football Team Tracker System – A Web Application with Agile De-velopment Methodology
A service-oriented architecture for social networks : developing a scalable and extensible service framework for group management
Implementation of manufacturing data management application in the scientific research project
Exploring the use of lean thinking and six sigma in public housing authorities
Security management process in distributed, large scale high performance systems
Lean Six Sigma for service : how to use Lean Speed and Six Sigma Quality to improve services and transactions
Web control system of mobile platform : part of the “Roboteh” project
Opportunistic resource and network management in autonomous packet access systems
TAMK Logistics Innovation Laboratory : Project Logivo
Lean IT : enabling and sustaining your lean transformation
Windows PowerShell for developers
System center configuration manager 2007 R3 complete
ISO 9000 as a tool for TQM : a spanish case study
Perceived usefulness of business intelligence system in decision making process
Information technology : an introduction for today's digital world
