http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2324 will
will testament
Hermeneia : a critical and historical commentary on the Bible. 2 Corinthians 8 and 9 : a commentary on two administrative letters of the Apostle Paul
An introduction to Old Testament study
A textual commentary on the Greek New Testament : a companion volume to the United Bible Societies' Greek New Testament
NIV audio Bible : new testament
The productions of time : tradition history in Old Testament scholarship : a symposium at Sandbjerg Manor, Denmark, May 1982
Ethics and the New Testament
The word Of promise : new testament
"As those who are taught" : the interpretation of Isaiah from the LXX to the SBL
The Old Testament library. Haggai and Zechariah 1-8 : a commentary
Tradition history and the Old Testament
The two horizons : New Testament hermeneutics and philosophical description with special reference to Heidegger, Bultman, Gadamer and Wittgenstein
2 Corinthians
The death of faith
The book of Job
Up close and dangerous : a novel
The gift of love
The elusive presence : toward a new biblical theology
Men of God : studies in Old Testament history and prophecy
Bleak house
Biblical interpretation in ancient Israel
The search for quotation : verbal parallels in the prophets
The Usborne children's Bible : The old testament
The prophets
Old Testament abstracts on CD-ROM
Usborne children's new testament
The purification offering in the priestly literature : its meaning and function
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
NKJV audio Bible : Old Testament. [1]
Marriage, family and law in medieval Europe : collected studies
Old Testament introduction
The Book of Life : the Function of Heavenly Records in the Hebrew Bible, Intertestamental Texts, and the New Testament
Where can wisdom be found? : the Sage's language in the Bible and in ancient Egyptian literature
Greek New Testament : SBL edition
Deuteronomy-Kings as emerging authoritative books : a conversation
Studies in the religious tradition of the Old Testament
The Old Testament pseudepigrapha. 1, [Apocalyptic literature and testaments]
Journal for the study of the Old Testament
The apocryphal Jesus : legends of the early church
Wisdom in Israel
Disembodied souls : the Nefesh in Israel and kindred spirits in the ancient Near East, with an appendix on the Katumuwa Inscription
Child's play
Old Testament textual criticism : a practical introduction
Logos and law in the letter of James : the law of nature, the law of Moses and the law of freedom
Old Testament theology, Vol. 1. Vol. 1
Wills in the Roman Empire : a documentary approach
Mytharion : the comparison of tales from the Old Testament and the ancient Near East
Death in holy orders
Abstract in english.
Israel and the Assyrians : Deuteronomy, the succession treaty of Esarhaddon, and the nature of subversion
The books of Joel, Obadiah, Jonah, Nahum, Habakkuk and Zephaniah
A treatise on the law of wills
The law of succession
Tyler's family provision
Theobald on wills. 1. supplement [to] 14. ed
Wills, trusts, and estates
Historical linguistics and Biblical Hebrew : steps toward an integrated approach
The form and function of proverbs in ancient Israel
The Orthodox Septuagint : sequel to the Scripture of St. Paul
Testamentary formalities
The way of wisdom in the Old Testament
"Contributors to this volume explore the theoretical issues at stake in recent changes in form criticism and the practical outcomes of applying the results of these theoretical shifts to the Book of the Twelve. This volume combines self-conscious methodological reflection with practical examination of specific texts in an effort to demonstrate the practical consequences of theoretical decisions and the value of certain methodological stances"--
Introduction to the New Testament
On some syntactic and stylistic features in The fifty earliest English wills
Bleak house. 2
The dying light
An introduction to the New Testament
The law of succession, testamentary freedom : European perspectives
Prophecy and prophets : the diversity of contemporary issues in scholarship
Post-exilic polemic over the priesthood -- Ezekiel 44 in modern scholarship -- History and hermeneutics, redaction and reception -- Methodological issues in examining inner-biblical interpretation -- Methodological issues in redaction-criticism -- Overview and prospect -- The rule of priests -- Yhwh's reproach of Israel -- The identity of the foreigners in Ezekiel 44 -- Isaiah 56 and its relationship to Ezekiel 44 -- Yhwh's reproach -- The word of Judgement -- The Levites of Ezekiel 44 -- A Torah concerning the Levites -- The sins of the past -- Bearing sin -- The sons of Zadok -- The composition of Ezekiel 44:6¿16 -- The rules for priests -- The continuation of the divine oracle in the priestly rules -- The priests and their inheritance -- The priests and their vestments -- Priestly conduct -- The instruction concerning hair -- The instruction concerning alcohol -- The instruction concerning marital partners -- The instruction concerning teaching and judicial roles -- The instruction concerning dead bodies -- The relationship between the instructions in Ezekiel 44 and Leviticus 10 and 21 -- The structure and composition of the rules in Ezekiel 44:20:27 -- The missing high priest -- Priestly perquisites -- A pentateuchal compendium -- A précis of priestly income -- Giving each its due -- The prohibition against consuming animal carcasses -- The composition of Eekiel 44:6:31 -- Zadok and the sons of Zadok in Second Temple Judaism -- Zadok and his family in the Book of Chronicles -- The sons of Zadok at Qumran and in the Damascus document -- The sons of Zadok in Ben Sira -- Josephus and the Zadokites -- The Sadducees -- Conclusion -- Conclusions -- Text and historical reality -- The end of the Zadokites -- The beginnings of the Levites -- The Hebrew Bible and the Dead Sea Scrolls.
The book of Baruch : also called I Baruch (Greek and Hebrew)
I'm Dougal Trump... : and it's not my fault! by me, D. Trump
Textual criticism of the Hebrew Bible
Old Testament quotations in the fourth gospel : studies in textual form
Biblical scholars have long claimed that the Israelites "could not conceive of a disembodied nefesh [soul]." In this book, Richard C. Steiner rejects that claim based on a broad spectrum of textual, linguistic, archaeological, and anthropological evidence spanning the millennia from prehistoric times to the present. The biblical evidence includes a prophecy of Ezekiel condemning women who pretend to trap the wandering souls of sleeping people - prophecy that has been only partially understood until now because of the obscure technical terms that it contains. The extrabiblical evidence suggests that a belief in the existence of disembodied souls was part of the common religious heritage of the peoples of the ancient Near East.--Provided by publisher.
NKJV audio Bible : Old Testament. [2]
An introduction to the Revised standard version of the New Testament
The Wollstonecraft detectives Mary and Ada tackle their second case, this time involving a horrible hospital, a missing will, a hasty engagement and a client who can't be trusted.
The Old Testament pseudepigrapha. 2, Expansions of the "Old Testament" and legends, wisdom and philosophical literature, prayers, psalms, and odes, fragments of lost Judeo-Hellenistic works
A treatise on wills
The  Scripture of St. Paul : the Septuagint
The Apocrypha and Pseudepigrapha of the Old Testament in English : with introductions and critical and explanatory notes to the several books. Vol. 2, Pseudepigrapha
The New Testament world : insights from cultural anthropology
History and ideology in the Old Testament prophetic literature : a semiotic approach to the reconstruction of the proclamation of the historical prophets
Introduction --A: Stories Relating to the Period of the New Testament Gospels --1. The Birth of Jesus --2. The Childhood of Jesus --3. Jesus' Parents --4. The Ministry of Jesus --5. The Death and Resurrection of Jesus --6. Pilate --7. Jesus in the Underworld --8. Veronica --9. Zacharias --B: Stories Relating to the Growth of the Church --10. Peter --11. Paul --12. John --13. Thomas --14. Andrew --C. Stories Relating to Life After Death --15. Heaven and Hell --16. The End of Time.
The courage to doubt : exploring an Old Testament theme
The Code Napoleon, or, The French Civil Code
Priests and cults in the Book of the Twelve
Priestly rule : polemic and biblical interpretation in Ezekiel 44
Inheritance law and the evolving family
The Anchor Bible. 25C, Zechariah 9-14
Finnish Summary.
"This volume investigates Deuteronomy's subversive intent within its social context, and reconsiders the relationship between Deuteronomy and Assyria, its relationship to ancient Near Eastern and biblical treaty and loyalty oath traditions, and the relevance of its treaty affinities to discussions of its date"--
The Byzantine text-type and New Testament textual criticism
Jesus's childhood escapades and graphic descriptions of the torments of Hell - this book introduces readers to a selection, in a modern translation, of the many interesting and bizarre stories about Jesus and his followers which make up the Apocryphal New Testament - stories which have profoundly influenced aspects of later Christian doctrines.
The written will in Anglo-Saxon England : an analysis of structural elements and the act of bequeathing
NKJV audio Bible : New Testament
Who's who in the New Testament
Mission in the New Testament
Materials on trusts and estates
Introduction to the Old testament : With a comprehensive rewiev of Old testament studies and a special supplement on the Apocrypha
The precise parallel New Testament
How to make a will ; How to use trusts
The new English Bible : New Testament
The case of the girl in grey
The Emmaus code : finding Jesus in the Old Testament
The Book of the Twelve and the new form criticism
The Apocrypha and Pseudepigrapha of the Old Testament in English : with introductions and critical and explanatory notes to the several books. Vol. 1, Apocrypha
Uusi testamentti nykysuomeksi = Good news New Testament
Introduction to the Old Testament
Wisdom and law in the Old Testament : the ordering of life in Israel and early Judaism
The loss of the Northern Subject Rule and the rise of the DO-periphrasis in the 16th-century northern English wills: a possible case of exaptation
The testament
Epigraphy, philology, and the Hebrew Bible : methodological perspectives on philological and comparative study of the Hebrew Bible in honor of Jo Ann Hackett
Justice and history in the Old Testament : the evolution of divine retribution in the historiographies of the wilderness generation
The Old Testament world
God's people in God's land : family, land and property in the Old Testament
New Gospel parallels. Vol. 1, The Synoptic Gospels
The canon of the New Testament : its origin, development, and significance
The forgotten kingdom : the archaeology and history of Northern Israel
Hermeneia : a critical and historical commentary on the Bible. The Pastoral Epistles : a commentary on the Pastoral Epistles
Hawkins and Ryder on the construction of wills
Hermeneia : a critical and historical commentary on the Bible. Galatians : a commentary on Paul's letter to the churches in Galatia
Theobald on wills
The law of wills, including intestacy and administration of assets : an introduction to the rules of law equity and construction relating to testamentary dispositions
Noah's Ark and other first Bible stories
The present book deals with the testamentary practice as seen through papyri, tablets, doctrinal and literary sources, manuscript tradition, etc. mostly in the period after the constitutio Antoniniana. The aim of Wills in the Roman empire: a documentary approach is to reconstruct how people applied law and how testamentary practice looked like in everyday life: how wills were made and opened, what was the meaning of particular dispositions. These questions constitute a part of a wider discussion concerning the level of knowledge and application of Roman law in the provinces after the edict of Caracalla. The book is supplemented with four Appendices, where all wills from the Hellenistic, Roman, and Byzantine periods are collected for the first time in scholarly literature.
A treatise on the law of wills. 1954 supplement
Introducing the cultural context of the New Testament
New Testament abstracts
A will and a way
Haggai, Zechariah 1-8 : a new translation with introduction and commentary
Beyond New Testament theology : a story and a programme
Prophetic oracles in the books of Isaiah and Ezekiel evidence tensions about the Jerusalem temple and its priesthood in Persian Yehud. MacDonald's Priestly Rule challenges the scholarly consensus about how these texts relate to each other. He demonstrates how important written prophetic oracles were in the early Jewish community and disputes the dominance of a Zadokite priestly family in the Second Temple period.
Towards a theory of aspectual nesting for new testament Greek
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 124, Commentary on the Twelve Prophet, vol. 3
New Testament interpretation through rhetorical criticism
Williams' law relating to wills. 1, The law of wills
1 Corinthians : a commentary on the First Epistle to the Corinthians
Hermeneia : a critical and historical commentary on the Bible. The Epistle to the Hebrews : a commentary on the Epistle to the Hebrews
A century of Old Testament study
International Organization for the Study of the Old Testament : 20th Congress of IOSOT : Helsinki, 1-6 August 2010
Introduction to the paperback edition.
Williams' law relating to wills. 2, Precedents and statutes
Decedents' estates, wills and trusts in the U.S.A
The authority of the Old Testament
Death, religion, and the family in England, 1480-1750
Trito-Isaiah (Isaiah 56-66) : a literary and linguistic analysis
The interlinear NIV Hebrew-English Old Testament
Al-Injel : kitab alhajat = The book of life : new international version
God and the origin of the evil : a contextual analysis of alleged monistic evidence in the Old Testament
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 5, Succession : Chapter 3 : Intestate succession
Bleak house. 1 / introduction by Osbert Sitwell
Parker's modern wills precedents
