http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23309 infrastructure construction
infrastructure construction
Socioeconomic evaluation of megaprojects : dealing with uncertainties
Infrastructure life-cycle development : finance and execution development strategies
Predictive and optimised life cycle management : buildings and infrastructure
Doing construction business in Nigeria
Rural structures in the tropics : design and development
The safety, maintenance and repair of bridges and buildings depend on effective inspection and monitoring techniques. These methods need to be able to identify problems often hidden within structures before they become serious. This important collection reviews key techniques and their applications to bridges, buildings and other civil structures. The first group of chapters reviews ways of testing corrosion in concrete components. Given their continuing importance and vulnerability to decay, the next series of chapters describes ways of testing wood components within civil structures. A final group of chapters looks at visual and acoustic techniques and their use to assess bridges in particular. Inspection and monitoring techniques for bridges and civil structures is an invaluable reference for civil engineers involved in safety inspection, maintenance and repair of bridges and civil structures. Reviews key inspection and monitoring techniques and their applications to bridges, building and other civil structures Edited by a leading authority in the field
Mutations : Rem Koolhaas Harvard project on the city
Russian infrastructure clusters : a preliminary study
Project procurement for infrastructure construction
Advanced polymer composites and polymers in the civil infrastructure
New road, new life, new Russia : international transport corridors at the conjunction of geography and politics in Russia
"This book is an effort by FAO to compile an up-to-date, comprehensive text on rural structures and services in the tropics, focusing on structures for small- to medium-scale farms and, to some extent, village-scale agricultural infrastructure. The earlier edition, entitled Farm structures in tropical climates: a textbook for structural engineering and design, published in 1986, has been used for over two decades as a standard textbook for teaching undergraduate and postgraduate courses on rural structures and services in universities throughout sub-Saharan Africa. This second edition will help to improve teaching - at all educational levels - on the subject of rural buildings in developing countries in the tropics and it will assist professionals currently engaged in providing technical advice on rural structures and services, from either agricultural extension departments or non-governmental rural development organizations. This book will also provide technical guidance in the context of disaster recovery and rehabilitation, for rebuilding the sound rural structures and related services that are key to development and economic sustainability. While this book is intended primarily for teaching university - and college-level agricultural engineering students about rural structures and services, resources might be made available to produced textbooks based on this material for teaching at other educational levels. Although parts of the background material relate specifically to East and Southeast Africa, the book's principles apply to the whole of tropical Africa, Latin America and South Asia because, while building traditions may vary, the available materials are similar"--P. [4] of cover.
Engineering Earth : the impacts of megaengineering projects, Vol. 1
Climate change and risks to the built environment
Building the city of tomorrow : the energy dimension : May 29-30 1998, EXPO'98, Lisbon, Portugal : conference proceedings
Civil engineering heritage in Europe : 18th-21st century
Infrastructural urbanism : addressing the In-between
Spatial data infrastructure for sustainable urban regeneration
Hundred years of experience : YIT 1912-
Bridges : their engineering and planning
Urban water cycle processes and interactions
City planning for civil engineers, environmental engineers, and surveyors
Road infrastructure rehabilitation and safety strategies in Central and Eastern Europe : summary report of thirteen joint workshops
Sustainable Stockholm : exploring urban sustainability in Europe's greenest city
2011 Helsinki : World Sustainable Building Conference : proceedings. Vol. 2
Best Finnish practices on joint construction of infrastructure networks : examples of coordinated construction of transport infrastructure, water supply networks and electricity and telecommunications cables in Finland
Creative knowledge cities : myths, visions and realities
Building the nineteenth century
Local management of infrastructure and environment in Finland
What will 2008 Olympic Games bring to Beijing and China? : lessons from host cities of the recent past
Inspection and monitoring techniques for bridges and civil structures
