http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23317 household appliance and home electronics stores
household appliance and home electronics stores
Business plan : Gigantti e-store concept
Brand value of retail chain : case study: ONOFF
Abstract.
Managing customer loyalty : case Expert ASA Ltd
Against the odds : an autobiography
What is the suitable marketing strategy for Electrolux China Small Home Appliance Co. Ltd
Today's competition in consumer electronic market is fierce. Companies that have been operating for several years are closing their shops at the same time as the biggest players are increasing their sales each year. Gigantti has been the market leader for many years but there is a threat of new competitors arriving to Finland to really challenge Gigantti's position as number one. Customers have more options from which to choose. The growth of online shopping has made it easy for consumers to compare prices and products but at the same time it is difficult for companies to hold on from these customers. The purpose of this thesis is to analyze the current market situation and figure out how Gigantti could ensure and increase its market share. Starting point was to create a new way of doing business and to offer an alternative way of shopping for the customers. The basis in the idea of the concept is to use the existing strengths of Gigantti. Idea is to combine the best from both – online and offline shopping. Theoretical framework was gathered from different sources. Literature and articles where been used to create differentiation strategy. Employee questionnaire was executed in order to receive valuable information about customer behavior of modern consumers. Personal interviews were also made to get insight of the current operations and fu-ture plans of Gigantti. Main findings indicate that Gigantti has a strong position in the market and is doing well with their multichannel thinking. However, there are still potential market areas to be conquered. Business plan section explains how e-store concept could work. It also offers a complete guidebook about what should be taken in to a consideration when starting up the first e-store.
