http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23300 trainees
trainees interns
To survive, you have to adjust : study abroad as a process of learning intercultural competence in nursing
Summary (s. 5-8).
Performing arts management : a handbook of professional practices
Sun trajectory program and solar panel
Leadership roles of teacher trainees in the Gambia primary school : a case study of two primary schools
Marketing Research on Practical Training Abroad
Outbound student exchange from Satakunta University of Applied Sciences, School of Maritime Management, Rauma
Intern nation : how to earn nothing and learn little in the brave new economy
Improving initiation into the organisation with trainee's manual : case study Finnish Institute in France
The internship
Outbound student exchange from Satakunta University of Applied Sciences, School of Maritime Management, Rauma = Ulospäin suuntautuva opiskelijavaihto Satakunnan ammattikorkeakoulun Rauman Merenkulun toimipisteessä
Learning by leaving : placements abroad as didactic tool in the context of vocational education and training in Europe
Children's perceptions of learning with trainee teachers
The calligrapher's secret
Short history of Kaledonistit ry - Hart House Finnish Exchange
Understanding experiences of vocational training and employment for persons with learning disabilities in Zambia : lessons for the future
Living dialogue : an evaluation of the work exchange program and intercultural training of the city of Jyväskylä
Leonardo da Vinci -programme 1995-1999 : background report on the graphic arts
The rain dragon rescue
Training in Europe
A young people's Europe
Supervisorś handbook
The House of God : the classic novel of life and death in an american hospital
Employees' professional and personal development : training in Monika, Kajaani
Induction guidebook for Kuiville Pyrkivien Tuki ry
Disadvantaged groups in transnational placement projects
Tourism and mobilities : local - global communities
Developing a Guide for Internship in Spain. Case: Spain Internship SC
Leonardo da Vinci : meeting the training needs of European SMEs
Trainee perceptions of web-based training as part of a training intervention in company-wide organizational change
Training for mobility : mobility for training : 15th anniversary of the Leonardo da Vinci Programme 1995-2010
Guidance in Europe - Evaluation and Future Prospects Seminar, Helsinki, Finland, 3-4 March 1997 : report = Orientation professionnelle en Europe - evaluation et perspectives séminaire, Helsinki, Finlande, les 3 et 4 mars 1997 : rapport
Report on the evaluation of the Centre for International Mobility
The topic of this Bachelo''s Thesis is improving the initiation process at the Finnish Institute  in France. The objective of the research is to enhance the trainee's initiation process into the  organisation, with respect to the cultural differences. The objective was reached by compiling  a Trainee's Manual for the Finnish Institute forthcoming trainees.  The Finnish Institute in France is a cultural centre situated in Paris. The foremost task of the  Finnish Institute is to strengthen knowledge of the Finnish culture, science and economy in  France and to promote the countries cooperation in these areas. The Finnish Institute has six  permanent employees and four or five trainees, who change twice a year. It was difficult, not  impossible, to adapt and to learn the ways to work, because the written instructions and  orientation into the organisation were not available. The Trainee's Manual was made up to  facilitate the initiation period.  The theoretical framework in this research reviews the communication channels, initiation  into an organisation and cultural aspects in an organisation. The research was conducted with  procedural method of action research and the data analysis was based on the collected empiric  data and theoretical findings. The empiric data was collected through surveys, interviews and  observations. The surveys were conducted in two periods; firstly before the implementation of  the Trainee's Manual in autumn 2007 and secondly after the implementation of the Trainee's  Manual in spring 2008.  The analysis of the research results was conducted with quantitative and qualitative research  methods depending on the type of the question. As a result the composition of the Trainee's  Manual was justified and its contents were modified according to the analysis results.  Based on the research results it can be concluded that initiation plays an important role in an  organisation, which can be observed from the fact that the theoretical findings support the  research results. The trainees and permanent employees alike find the Trainee's Manual a  useful document. The future challenge for the organisation is the updating the Trainee's  Manual to maintain its benefits for the new trainees.
Code of safe working practices for merchant seamen
Advanced and unusual : Finland as seen by international students and trainees
Summary (s. 5-6).
Studying and working abroad
"Education departments in museums of all kinds serve millions of students and adult learners every year, using the objects and other resources of the museum to teach and inspire. The rapidly growing field of museum education provides hands-on, experiential learning, with museum educators often working closely with local school boards to supplement and enhance public school curricula. In Teaching the Museum, twenty contributors from across the exciting field of museum education offer innovative insights, anecdotes, and advice for best practices on how to realize the museum's full potential as an educational institution. From the balance between education and entertainment; to meeting the needs of both one's audience and the collection; to understanding connections between how we learn and how exhibits and programming are designed; this book will appeal to museum educators, students, and teachers seeking to learn more about the field"--Provided by publisher.
This Bachelor's thesis was conducted for a global information technology corporation, Dell Inc. Dell is focusing on diversity and is dedicated to hiring students and recent graduates to join the Dell team by offering internship opportunities in several business departments. This thesis focuses on evaluating the interns' work placement experiences in the EMEA region (Europe, Middle East and Africa). The objective of this thesis was to provide development suggestions to the case company for the further development of its internship program. The focus areas are the interns' satisfaction with the work activities, supervision and feedback, and work community. The thesis process started in February 2013 and ended in November 2013. The theoretical literature studied job satisfaction through a job characteristics model that involves five core dimensions, namely, skill variety, task identity, task significance, autonomy and feedback. This research used a quantitative approach to collect data from the respondents by using an online survey. The data was collected between May and June 2013. The target group included all the interns that are located in Dell's offices in the EMEA region. The online survey response rate was 59% with 119 of 202 interns completing the survey. The results show that the interns' overall satisfaction level is high. The interns have assessed the acquired learning and experience to be of a relatively high level and they have benefited from the internship program at Dell. Some key development action points were given to the case company, such as providing a wider variety of work, more responsibilities and more frequent performance feedback.
Abstract: Title
International mobility in Finnish education : trends and developments in tertiary and secondary education 2000-2004
Abstract: This thesis was implemented as development project, which purpose was to create an induction guidebook to Kuiville Pyrkivien Tuki ry primarily for induction of trainees. By the induction target group are meant healthcare and social services field students who conduct their internships often at Kuiville Pyrkivien Tuki ry. Kuiville Pyrkivien Tuki ry is in Jyväskylä area operating association whose aim of action is to help towards sobriety those substance abusers who have already become sober and those who are still striving towards sobriety by offering them apartments and light support. The purpose of induction guidebook is to improve existing induction process of trainees and make it more consistent by offering them a proper induction guidebook which would act as their support through the whole induction. Induction guidebook works as information source and as a tool for trainees' self-evaluation so that they can assess their own progress during induction period. The purpose of project was also to collect all the existing material and data concerning Kuiville Pyrkivien Tuki ry's induction from various sources into a single induction guidebook and to document the association's induction practices and methods.  In the induction guidebook are included an induction program and an induction checklist in order to support induction process and a questionnaire for inducted trainee to be filled after the induction period from his/her point of view so that the association could develop their induction process even further based on trainees' feedback. Induction guidebook included also all kind of other information of induction, association's operation model (association activity), job description and substance abusers as residents of the association's housing units.  The theoretical part of this project thesis consists of employee induction, job guidance and association activity theory parts. The empirical is the product of the project itself, the induction guidebook. The induction guidebook was provided to Kuiville Pyrkivien Tuki ry in a virtual form, so that it would be easily open for editing and updating in the future depending on their needs.
Evaluating interns' work placement experiences in EMEA region : case: Dell Inc
Case one : knock down
Teaching the museum : careers in museum education
Internships of highly skilled medical professionals and ways of their professional development between Russia and Finland
Evaluating learning experiences in AIESEC traineeship program
