http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2335 human agency
human agency
Pathways to adulthood : developmental tasks, financial resources and agency
The patient as text : the role of the narrator in psychiatric notes, 1890-1990
The Complexity of Learner Agency
"Agency without Actors? New Approaches to collective Action is rethinking a key issue in social theory and research: the question of agency. The history of sociological thought is deeply intertwined with the discourse of human agency as an effect of social relations. In most recent discussions the role of non-humans gains a substantial impact. Consequently the book asks: Are nonhumans active, do they have agency? And if so: how and in what different ways? The volume offers a critical state-of-the-art debate of internationally and nationally leading scholars within Sociology, Social Anthropology and STS on agency (Latour, Law, Michael, Rammert etc.). It fosters the productive exchange of empirical settings and theoretical views by outlining a wide range of novel accounts that link human and non-human agency. It tries to understand social-technical, political and environmental networks as different forms of agency that produce discrete and identifiable entities like humans, animals, technical artifacts. It also asks how different types of (often conflicting) agency and agents actors are distinguished in practice, how they are maintained and how they interfere with each other"--
Talking to our selves : reflection, ignorance, and agency
Understanding human agency
Structure and agency
How are you? : the narrative in-between spaces in young children’s daily lives
Addiction in action
Agency and autonomy in Kant's moral theory
Suicide and agency : anthropological perspectives on self-destruction, personhood and power
Influencing perceived agency : a study into user experiences in digital interactive storytelling
Africans perspectives on development : constructing agency through post-colonialism approach
Agency and the foundations of ethics : Nietzschean constitutivism
Change laboratory for supporting collaborative innovation and transformative agency in primary production
Abstract.
Narrated agency and identity of settlement farmers in the changing circumstances of modern society
Occupational Therapy Practice Guidelines for Productive Aging for Community-Dwelling Older Adults
"How often do your primary school pupils have the opportunity to engage in open-ended, sustained pieces of work that offer them choice and control? Do you find the curriculum restricts openings to provide your pupils with real challenge? Is your school grappling with finding effective ways in which to elicit authentic pupil voice? Children as Researchers in Primary Schools is an innovative and unique resource for practitioners supporting children to become 'real world' researchers in the primary classroom. It will supply you with the skills and ideas to implement a 'Children as Researchers' framework for your classroom that can be adapted for different ages and abilities. With the current emphasis in lesson planning on 'bite-size' learning, children in primary schools are accustomed to being set short-term goals. They are rarely aware of long term aims or of the connections between the concepts and skills they are learning. In contrast, children engaging in research processes gain invaluable experience, can manage their own projects and learn with greater self-esteem. Based on the author's four-year research study exploring the experiences of young researchers and teachers in primary schools, this book contains: - The history and theory behind the 'Children as Researchers' initiative; - Models for good practice based on successful real life case studies; - Questions for reflective practice; - Practical examples of research in the classroom; - Photocopiable resources; - Opportunities for self-evaluation. This comprehensive resource will be appeal to primary teachers, educational practitioners and students on CPD and ITT courses. It will also be of interest to teacher trainers and academics involved in teaching and research"--
Service users' perceptions of shared agency in mental health services
The politics of storytelling : variations on a theme by Hannah Arendt
Living on a knife's edge: Temporal conflicts in welfare service work
What is going on out there? : what does it mean for children's experiences when the kindergarten is moving their everyday activities into the nature - landscapes and its places?
Agency and Motivation to Achieve Language-learning Objectives among Learners in an Academic Environment in France
Transformation of discourses on local economic development : case study of Kostomuksha
Double stimulation and agency in the experiment of the "meaningless situation"
Changing literacy practices : a becoming of a new teacher agency
"This edited volume seeks to provide guidance on how we can approach questions of governing and agency--particularly those who endeavour to embark on grounded empirical research--by rendering explicit some key challenges, tensions, dilemmas, and confluences that such endeavours elicit. Indeed, the contributions in this volume reflect the growing tendency in governmentality studies to shift focus to empirically grounded studies. The volume thus explicitly aims to move from theory to practice, and to step back from the more top-down governmentality studies approach to one that examines how one can/does study how relations of power affect lives, experience and agency. This book offers insight into the intricate relations between the workings of governing and (the possibility for) people's agency on the one hand, and about the possible effects of our attempts to engage in such studies on the other. In numerous ways, and from different starting points, the contributions to this volume provide thoughtful insights into, and creative suggestions for, how to work with the methodological challenges of studying the agency of being governed.This work will be of great interest to students and scholars of international relations, global governance and research methods"--
Setting the stage for Arctic development : politics of knowledge and the power of presence
Non-market outcomes of education : the long-term impact of education on individuals' social participation and health in Sweden
Children's sense of agency : a co-participatory investigation
Paul Katsafanas explores how we can justify normative claims such as 'murder is wrong'. He defends an original account of constitutivism - the view that we do so by showing that agents become committed to them in virtue of acting - and resolves philosophical puzzles about the metaphysics, epistemology, and practical grip of normative claims.
Double stimulation, motives and agency : the experiment of the "meaningless situation" with groups of participants : research plan
Agents and their actions
Smashing potatoes – challenging student agency as utterances
"Higher education is in an unprecedented time of change and reform. To address these challenges, university leaders tend to focus on specific interventions and programs, but ignore the change processes and the contexts that would lead to success. Joining theory and practice, How Colleges Change unmasks problematic assumptions that change agents typically possess and provides research-based principles for approaching change. Framed by decades of research, this monumental book offers fresh insights into understanding, leading, and enacting change. Recognizing that internal and external conditions shape and frame change processes, Kezar presents an overarching practical framework that can be applied to any organizational challenge and context. How Colleges Change is a crucial resource for aspiring and practicing campus leaders, higher education practitioners, scholars, faculty, and staff who want to learn how to apply change strategies in their own institutions. "--
The politics of female households : ladies-in-waiting across early modern Europe
Agency in the making : the experiment of the "meaningless situation" and the principle of double stimulation
Agency at marital breakdown : redefining hindu women's networks and positions
Agency-centred coupling - a better way to manage an educational organization?
Who's Got the Power? : Young Children's Power and Agency in the Child-Parent Relationship
Toward and agency-centered pedagogy : a teacher's journey of expanding the context of school learning
Grips and ties : agency, uncertainty, and the problem of suffering in North Karelia
Translators in production networks : reflections on agency, quality and ethics
Stealing obedience : narratives of agency and identity in later Anglo-Saxon England
In the middle of nowhere?” This book looks beyond this kind of wornout slogan used in Finland and deconstructs dichotomous assumptions which view the North as an opposite to the South. From the viewpoint of Nordic Lapland or the Arctic region as a whole, most feminist research has overlooked the cultural, social and ethnic differences in the North. Nordic societies have been viewed mainly in relation to the countries and cultures of the South or East; rarely have they concentrated on the differences and marginality of the North. What is gendered life like in Northern societies? What are the conditions for women’s agency? What does the principle of located knowledge and criticism of hegemonic scientific discourse mean in the North? In what direction do travelling theories travel? The main purpose of this book is to discuss the politics of place in the context of feminist research from the perspective of marginal Northern societies and cultures. Geographically and politically, the idea of “North” is wide; in this book, many of the research topics deal with Finnish Lapland but extend beyond its official geographical boundaries. The authors open up viewpoints on lived gender and everyday life in the northernmost societies, analysing the agency of women in different Nordic contexts described both by works of art and experiential narratives.
Prehistoric rock art in Scandinavia : agency and environmental change
Gender, agency, and coercion
The relationship of social structure to individual and collective agency has been central to sociology from the outset. It remains so in period in which poststructuralists have challenged the idea of stable social structures and even the usefulness in social science of the concept of structure itself. The historical trajectory of the debate about the respective importance of structure and agency and the relationship between the two provides the narrative context of this collection of articles. The point of arranging this collection of articles predominantly in historical sequence is not simply a matter of convenience. Historical context has a major impact on forming the concerns of sociologists and, equally significantly, on the way they perceive and theorise the social world. It includes: Volume One: Modernity, Sociology and the Structure/Agency Debate ; Volume Two: Postmodernity - An End to the Structure /Agency Dichotomy? ; Volume Three: Structure/Agency Theories Applied ; and, Volume Four: Network Theory - Transcending the Traditional Limits of Structure/Agency .
Structures of agency : essays
Gender lessons : girls and boys negotiating learning community in Basics of Music
Summary: Knowledge practices and agency in environmental politics.
The Handbook of Participatory Video advances the field as the first major work to critically examine the use of participatory video around the world as a tool for research, community activism, and social change. Participatory video is a growing area of research and an increasingly popular tool among practitioners, researchers, and NGOs working with communities around the world. The Handbook of Participatory Video advances the field, engaging critically with it as a research methodology and method and interrogating assumptions about its emancipatory nature and potential for social change. In twenty-eight chapters, contributors examine historical, ethical, methodological, and technical aspects of participatory video and discuss power, ownership, and knowledge production. The Handbook is organized into six parts: Locating Participatory Video, Participatory Video as a Critical Research Methodology, Working with Visual Data, Power and Ethics in Participatory Video, Dissemination and Reaching New Audiences, and Communities and Technologies. This benchmark work takes an interdisciplinary and global approach and will be invaluable to researchers, practitioners, and students.
How colleges change : understanding, leading, and enacting change
Adolescents' participation and agency in food education
Handbook of participatory video
This dissertation explores the role and agency of middle-level practitioners in the process and implementation of strategy in 14 organizations. The aim is through interpreting the practitioners’ emic perceptions to conceptualize their successful role and practices using a constructivist grounded theory process. The theoretical purpose is to add to the body of knowledge about strategic management through increasing our understanding of the successful microlevel strategic activities of mid-level practitioners.
"Envisioning nonhuman animals as distinct moral agents marks a paradigm shift in animal studies. Drawing on ethics, religion, philosophy, law, ethology, and cognitive science, the essays in this collection test long-held certainties about moral boundaries and behaviors and prove that nonhuman animals possess complex reasoning capacities, sophisticated empathic sociality, and dynamic and enduring self-conceptions. Rather than claim animal morality is the same as human morality, this book builds an appreciation of the variety and character of animal moral sensitivities and perceptions across multiple disciplines, moving animal welfarism in promising new directions." ---From the publisher.
The invisible moral order : agency, accountability and responsibility in therapy talk
Who is serving whom? : an agency-for perspective on enterprise promotion in rural Finland
Shared agency and collaboration between the family and professionals in medical rehabilitation of children with severe disabilities
Fatalism in American film noir : some cinematic philosophy
Business persons : a legal theory of the firm
Exploring agency in entrepreneurship development : a narrative approach
Anatomy of an Aid Encounter : Actors and Power in the Rural Water Supply and Sanitation Support Programme in Nepal
Intention, plans, and practical reason
Psychosis, Need Adapted treatment, and psychiatrists' agency
Middle-level practitioner's role and empowerment in strategy process and implementation
Economic women : essays on desire and dispossession in nineteenth-century British culture
These nine original essays examine the moral and philosophical implications of developments in the science of ethics, the growing movement that seeks to use recent empirical findings to answer long-standing ethical questions. Efforts to make moral psychology a thoroughly empirical discipline have divided philosophers along methodological fault lines, isolating discussions that will profit more from intellectual exchange. This volume takes an even-handed approach, including essays from advocates of empirical ethics as well as those who are sceptical of some of its central claims. Some of these essays make novel use of empirical findings to develop philosophical research programs regarding such crucial moral phenomena as desire, emotion, and memory. Others bring new critical scrutiny to bear on some of the most influential proposals of the empirical ethics movement, including the claim that evolution undermines moral realism, the effort to recruit a dual-process model of the mind to support consequentialism against other moral theories, and the claim that ordinary evaluative judgments are seldom if ever sensitive to reasons, because moral reasoning is merely the post hoc rationalization of unthinking emotional response.
Smashing potatoes : challenging student agency as utterances
Creating learning paths, influencing, participating : a pilot study on teacher students' experiences of agency in their first-year small group studies
Strategy as ‘dispositive’:essays on productive power and resistance in strategy-making
Summary in norwegian.
Human being and morality in ethics of social consequences
Agency in the Girl Effect campaign website : a multimodal discourse analytic study
Book review: Kalaja, P., F. Barcelos, A. M., Aro, M., & Ruohotie-Lyhty, M. (2016). Beliefs, Agency and Identity in Foreign Language Learning and Teaching.
Philosophy of action
Lionhearts of the playworld : an ethnographic case study of the development of agency in play pedagogy
'Our forest' : ageing, agency and 'connection with nature' in rural Tornedalen, northern Sweden
Negotiating professional identity : vocational teachers' personal strategies in a reform context
Teacher educators amid conflicting demands : tensions between individual and organizational development
The beginning of politics : youthful political agency in everyday life
Narratives of monastic life in Anglo-Saxon England depict individuals as responsible agents in the assumption and performance of religious identities. To modern eyes, however, many of the 'choices' they make would actually appear to be compulsory. Stealing Obedience explores how a Christian notion of agent action - where freedom incurs responsibility - was a component of identity in the last hundred years of Anglo-Saxon England, and investigates where agency (in the modern sense) might be sought in these narratives.
How are you? : the narrative in-between spaces in young children's daily lives
Parlour games and the public life of women in Renaissance Italy
Learning Bridges : toward participatory learning environments
Strategy as 'dispositive' : essays on productive power and resistance in strategy-making
Strategy : from managers' toy to practitioners' tool to successful implementation
Songcrafting practice : a teacher inquiry into the potential to support collaborative creation and creative agency within school music education
Silence and Resistance as Experiences and Presentations of Pupil Agency in Finnish Elementary School English Lessons
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Re-embodied : young women, the body quest and agency in the culture of appearances
John M. Doris presents a new account of agency and responsibility, which reconciles our understanding of ourselves as moral agents with psychological research on the unconscious mind. Much philosophical theorizing maintains that the exercise of morally responsible agency consists in judgment and behavior ordered by accurate reflection. On such theories, when human beings are able to direct their lives in the manner philosophers have dignified with the honorific 'agency', it's because they know what they're doing, and why they're doing it. This understanding is compromised by quantities of psychological research on unconscious processing, which suggests that accurate reflection is distressingly uncommon; very often behavior is ordered by surprisingly inaccurate self-awareness. Thus, if agency requires accurate reflection, people seldom exercise agency, and skepticism about agency threatens. To counter the skeptical threat, John M. Doris proposes an alternative theory that requires neither reflection nor accurate self-awareness: he identifies a dialogic form of agency where self-direction is facilitated by exchange of the rationalizations with which people explain and justify themselves to one another. The result is a stoutly interdisciplinary theory sensitive to both what human beings are like - creatures with opaque and unruly psychologies - and what they need: an account of agency sufficient to support a practice of moral responsibility.
Governing indigeneity globally : indigenous peoples in the United Nations
Religious agency, travel and memory : transnational Islam of Senegalese Murids in Helsinki
Vocational teachers  pathways in the course of a curriculum reform
Women and economic activities in late medieval Ghent
Language Narratives from Adult Upper Secondary Education: Interrelating agency, autonomy and identity in foreign language learning
Agency without actors? : new approaches to collective action
Katherine O'Brien O'Keeffe looks at Benedictine monasticism through the writings of Ælfric, Anselm, Osbern of Canterbury, and Goscelin of Saint-Bertin, as well as liturgy, canon and civil law, chronicle, dialogue, and hagiography, to analyse the practice of obedience in the monastic context. Stealing Obedience brings a highly original approach to the study of Anglo-Saxon narratives of obedience in the adoption of religious identity.
Moral psychology and human agency : philosophical essays on the science of ethics
Agency in archaeology
Children as researchers in primary schools : choice, voice, and participation
Promoting professional subjectivities and personal agency at work : the long-term influences of an empowerment programme
Entrepreneurship as a learning challenge to the school and local community : a long-term study from the entrepreneurship high school
Between school and working life: Vocational teachers  agency in boundary-crossing settings
Creating Oneself through Narratives: Agency in first-semester university students’ career plans
Vocational teachers' professional agency in the stream of change
Studying the agency of being governed : methodological reflections
Consumer workers as immaterial labour in the converging media markets : three value creation practices
Agency of labour in a flexible pan-European labour market : a qualitative study of migrant practices and trade union strategies in the Netherlands
Changing literacy practices:a becoming of a new teacher agency
The political potential of migrants is often overlooked in discussions around integration
Beastly morality : animals as ethical agents
Social control and fragile autonomy : the construction of adolescents' agency in outreach youth work.
Interlacing identities, agencies and resources
