http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2334 textile industry
textile industry
Research journal of textile and apparel
The textile industry and the environment
Woolscouring and allied technology
Textiles in architecture : materials suppliers for building and construction
Utilization of enzymes in textile discharge printing : biodischarge printing
Perry's department store : a buying simulation
Clothing and textiles research journal
Developing Distribution Channels for the Chinese Textile Industry
Export plan for DH By Ben
The Necessity of Zhejiang Textile Industry's Transition from OEM to OBM : Case Study: Zhejiang Asset Underwear Co., Ltd.
Textile outlook international
Global sourcing in the textile and apparel industry
Textile laboratory manual. Vol. 2, Resins and finishes
The woollen industry
Green fashion. Volume 2
The sari shop
Textiles productivity measurements : improving competitiveness
Nonwovens : process, structure, properties and applications
Textile month : the international textile magazine
The harmony silk factory
The organisation, planning and control of production in clothing manufacture
Textile processing and properties : preparation, dyeing, finishing and performance
Finding new territories to expand a business is a common goal for many. Many markets are flooded with such a variety of products it is sometimes hard for an entering business to be noticed. Entering a virgin market that is not yet saturated with the mass companies is an ideal situation for a business. They would be new, fresh and desired. There are many countries that are considered to be up and coming economies. The factors in making these countries virtually untouched are many, some including poverty, crime, corruption and even terrorism. The objective of this thesis is to show Nigeria as a lucrative target market and to create a guide for entry. There are barriers to entry and fears of terrorism that keep many businesses away. In this work, it will unveil some of the people in Nigeria, lessening the mystery to this culture. The Nigerian culture is very business orientated and worldwide, business is business, and this is a common bond that foreign businesses have with their Nigerian counterparts. This thesis is written jointly with a Nigerian author and an American author, giving the knowledge of a native Nigerian as well as the questions of an outsider. The commissioners for this thesis are also used as the case companies. The first commissioner/case company is Vallila Interior, a Finnish interior design company and the focus will be on their brightly colored textiles. The second commissioner/case company will be Altretes Enterprises, a Nigerian interior design company wishing to import foreign textiles to meet their clientele’s demand. This thesis will be a guide on connecting the two companies and easing some fears the Finnish company might have about entering the Nigerian market.
Bridging the gap between engineering and the global world : a case study of the coconut (coir) fiber industry in Kerala, India
Textiles and apparel in the international economy
Guide to producing a fashion show
Water recycling in textile wet processing
Supplier selection process in global sourcing : case: Lindstrom Oy, sourcing garments from Vietnam
Ullmann's fibers. Volume 1, Fiber classes, production and characterization
Height of fashion
The global textile industry
Computer integrated manufacturing and total quality management
The French ribbon
Quality, design and the purchaser : papers presented at the 67th annual conference, April 5-9 1983, Cambridge, England
Woolly jumber : the story of wool
Indian block-printed textiles in Egypt : The Newberry Collection in the Ashmolan Museum, Oxford. Volume 1, Text
J.J. Pizzuto's Fabric science : key to fabric swatches
Ottoman manufacturing in the age of the Industrial Revolution
Textile network
Clothing technology.... from fibre to fashion ; editor and team leader Roland Kilgus ; authors: Hannelore Eberle ...[et al.]
Merchandising : theory, principles, and practice
A study of the evolution of concentration in the United Kingdom textile industry
A novel green treatment for textiles : plasma treatment as a sustainable technology
Chihuly's pendletons : and their influence on his work
Plasma technologies for textiles
"This lavish volume celebrates thirty years of WP Lavori in Corso, a prestigious Italian company dedicated to researching, redefining, and cultivating the best heritage brands from all over the world. Since its founding in Bologna in 1982, WP Lavori in Corso's success has always rested on the scouting and selection, across the globe, of apparel brands and products marked by a long history, strong tradition, outstanding quality, and innovation. The company initially licensed and distributed brands such as Barbour, Woolrich, and Blundstone in Italy and now has grown to become these brands' invaluable collaborator, working with internationally renowned designers and creative directors to start new global trends and produce contemporary designs and styles, while also remaining true to the brands' history and heritage. This beautifully illustrated and designed book, curated and edited by Inventory, features photographs of the fashion brands WP distributes, its advertising campaigns, catalogs, and impeccably styled stores".
Textile : The journal of cloth & culture
Waste management : concerns and challenges
Greek and Roman textiles and dress : an interdisciplinary anthology
Sustainable fashion : new approaches
Fairchild's dictionary of textiles
Quality control in the textile industry
Introductory textile science
Industry goes farming : the Nigerian raw material crisis and the case of textiles and cotton
Textile engineering experiences
Interwoven globe : the worldwide textile trade 1500-1800
A guide for Finnish textile companies entering Nigeria
Automation in the textile industry : from fibres to apparel
Garments of the Gods : studies on the textile industry and the pantheon of Sippar according to the texts from the Ebabbar archive
The time is right : investment opportunities in the Lithuanian textile industry 1995.
The textile manufacturer year book. 1938.
Dyeing fibre blends : the processing of blends, unions and mixtures containing natural or man-made fibres
Where do clothes come from?
"In an era of increasingly available digital resources, many textile designers and makers find themselves at an interesting juncture between traditional craft process and newer digital technologies. Highly specialized craft/design practitioners may now elect to make use of digital processes in their work, but often choose not to abandon craft skills fundamental to their practice, and aim to balance the complex connection between craft and digital processes. The essays collected here consider this transition from the viewpoint of aesthetic opportunity arising in the textile designer's hands-on experimentation with material and digital technologies available in the present.Craft provides the foundations for thinking within the design and production of textiles, and as such may provide some clues in the transition to creative and thoughtful use of current and future digital technologies. Within the framework of current challenges relating to sustainable development, globalization, and economic constraints it is important to interrogate and question how we might go about using established and emerging technologies in textiles in a positive manner"--
Fashion illustration
The chemical technology of textile fibres : their origin, structure, preparation, washing, bleaching, dyeing, printing and dressing
Silk for the Vikings
Textile : String : The journal of cloth & culture
The textile directory 2004 : the essential guide to creative textiles
The Cambridge history of western textiles. 2
Textile dyeing operations : chemistry, equipment, procedures, and environmental aspects
Fabric swatches are to be mounted according to the fabric name, fiber content, yarn type, weave/knit type, yarns/stitches per inch, method of coloration, finish and end use.
The Finnish background report for the EC documentation of best available techniques for tanning industry
Fleece in your hands
The world textile industry
In fashion
Warp & weft : a dictionary of textile terms
Framework knitting
Scottish estate tweeds
Textile terms and definitions
Crafting textiles in the digital age
The fashion designer's textile directory : [a guide to fabrics' properties, characteristics, and garment-design potential]
Risk management and governance of chemicals in articles : case study textiles
Women's employment in the textile manufacturing sectors of Bangladesh and Morocco
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
A Diderot pictorial encyclopedia of trades and industry. Volume two
Joseph's introductory textile science
"This newest edition of the best-selling In Fashion offers a clear introduction to the fashion industry that is as dynamic as the business itself. Through concise language and full-color photographs, the text provides students with an overview of fashion, from its history, cyclical nature, and development, to the materials, producers, and retailers who impact the business on a global level. Whether their plans include design, product development, merchandising, buying, manufacturing, or entrepreneurship, students will gain a thorough understanding of how the industry works and what lies ahead for them professionally".
Textile laboratory manual. Vol. 5, Fibres
Medical and hygiene textile production : A handbook
The handloom weavers : a study in the English cotton industry during the Industrial Revolution
Jäsenluettelo 2010 = List of members 2010.
Assembling women : the feminization of global manufacturing
Careers in fashion and textiles
Essentials of textiles
Transnational corporations in the man-made fibre, textile and clothing industries
The science of colour mixing : a manual intended for the use of dyers, calico printers and colour chemists
Textile laboratory manual. Vol. 6, Additional methods
Knitting together : Memories of Leicestershire's hosiery industry
Understanding fabrics : from fiber to finished cloth
The production of linen in pharaonic Egypt : by Gillian Vogelsang-Eastwood
Nine lives for labor
Vertical Product Differentiation in EU Markets: Compilation of Detailed Statistics
The european clothing industry : meeting the competitive challenge
Ullmann's fibers. Volume 2, Textile and dyeing technologies, high performance and optical fibers
Changing consumer behaviour towards increased prevention of textile waste : background report
A new business strategy for Chinese Textile and Clothing Companies
Textilenetwork : the magazine for the manufacture of textile products
The British wool textile industry 1770-1914
Product development techniques : product development techniques with reference to rotary printing machine
A fabric and textile directory, recommending fabrics to match the effects you want to achieve. Tells how different fabrics perform and the many ways to use them.
Asian textile and apparel trade : moving forward with regional integration
Implementation of Lean Manufacturing Tools in Garment Manufacturing Process Focusing Sewing Section of Men’s Shirt
Occupational profiles and training requirements at Level 3 in the Spanish textile and clothing industry
Establishing an oriental business in Finland : case: start-up Vietnamese handmade home-textiles company
Bargaining for survival : unionized workers in the Nigerian textile industry
Export process to the United States of America
Green fashion. Volume 1
Four centuries of machine knitting : commemorating William's Lee's invention of the stocking frame in 1589
Business idea into reality : case : start-up company of gala dresses
Under control : life in a nineteenth-century silk factory
Developing distribution channels for the chinese textile industry
Globalization : technological, economic and environmental imperatives : the 75th World Conference of the Textile Institute, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, September 25-28, 1994.
Fibres and textiles for the future : 90th anniversary of academic textile research and education in Finland : 16-17 August 2001 Tampere University of Technology Tampere, Finland : proceedings : abstracts of posters
Exploratory study of the role and activities of 'Centres of excellence' in the textile industry in four EEC Member States
Computers in textiles : a buyer's guide to European products and services
Traditional Sarasatic : Textile design IV
Textile laboratory manual. Vol. 1, Qualitative methods
The world textile industry : economic and social problems. Volume 2.
Designed in Finland 1979
Vocational training in the textiles and clothing industries in Greece
New technology in manufacturing industry
International textile bulletin
Indian textiles : the Karun Thakar collection
Abstract.
Textiles technology
Synthetic filament yarn : texturing technology
The new draperies in the low countries and England 1300-1800
Handbook of sustainable apparel production
The effect of leader behavior on worker job satisfication and job performance in Ethiopian textile factories : an empirical investigation
The global textile and clothing industry : technological advances and future challenges
Intelligent ambience and well-being : Ambience 05, International Scientific Conference 19-20 September, 2005, Tampere, Finland : proceedings
The travels of a t-shirt in the global economy : an economist examines the markets, power, and politics of global trade
Indian block-printed textiles in Egypt : The Newberry Collection in the Ashmolan Museum, Oxford. Volume 2, Catalogue
The textile machinery industry in the EEC
Dynamic properties of elastomers
Business strategy, strategic groups and industry evolution, a view to the Finnish knitwear industry in 1969-1981
Summary: "Perry's Department Store: A Buying Simulation bridges the gap between the principles of retail buying and mathematical concepts using a unique simulation approach that takes readers step-by-step through a real-life buying experience. Videtic and Steele present a simplified process for making complex buying decisions using the fictitious Perry's Department Store that walks students through the steps a new buyer would take to complete a six-month buying plan and a merchandise assortment plan for categories including junior, misses' bridge/contemporary, men's, children's, denim, accessories, or home fashion.The fourth edition has been revised with statistical information to reflect a more contemporary structure and business model for a successful department store.The new Perry's Department Store is organized to reflect a larger-scale department store in today's market. Students interact by researching current market and industry trends to build their business. The charts and forms in this book and companion website are replicas of those found in the retail and wholesale industry to expose student to the procedures and policies they can expect to find in a first job as an assistant buyer. This new edition and companion website launches students directly into the exciting role of a retail buyer in the fashion industry"--.
Sources of competitive adventage for Röhm's market entry operations to Thailand : potential action steps according to Porter's theories measured against interviews
Splendor & pageantry : textile treasures from the Armenian Orthodox churches of Istanbul
Organizational structuring : an empirical analysis of the relationships between structure and size in firms of the Finnish shoe and clothing industry
WP Lavori in Corso : thirty years of research in style
Encyclopedia of textile finishing
From disposable to sustainable : the complex interplay between design and consumption of textiles and clothing
Textiles : fiber to fabrics
Technical Know-how in Garment Processing
Introducing 'The French ribbon', a unique sourcebook celebrating France's deep-rooted tradition of ribbon-making from the time when ribbons were an essential and often functional fashion accessory used to express individuality and style in everyday life, from weddings to times of mourning. Following the closure of one of the oldest factories in the industrial town of Saint-Etienne, France, an incredible cache of old salesmen's sample books, cards, and packaging surfaced to be photographed for posterity. Over 600 of these documents are now included ; ribbons made from cotton, silk, satin, velvet, metallic threads, and innovative synthetic materials. 'The French ribbon' is a must-have book for every person interested in fashion, design, craft, and the history of textiles.
Guidelines : a handbook on the environmental for the textile and fashion industry
STRATEGIES FOR SHAOXING TEXTILE COMPANIES IN ECONOMIC CRISIS. CASE STUDY: BOLA TEXTILE COMPANY
Trade union growth, structure and policy : a comparative study of the cotton unions
Development Strategy of Anhui Garments Import&Export Co.Ltd
Cotton mills in Greater Manchester
Design & make it : textiles technology : revised edition
Textile industry statistics
Employers and labour in the English textile industries, 1850-1939
Intelligent textiles and clothing for ballistic and NBC protection: technology at the cutting edge / edited by Paul Kiekens and Sundaresan Jayaraman
Making textiles in pre-Roman and Roman times : people, places, identities
Woven cargoes : Indian textiles in the East
Implementation of Lean manufacturing tools in garment manufacturing process focusing sewing section of men's shirt
Lycra : how a fiber shaped America
The Cambridge history of Western textiles. 2
European textile printers in the eighteenth century : a study of Peel and Oberkampf
Marketing and Customer Relationship Management for ONYOU Home Textiles Franchise Store in Hefei, China
Quality assessment of textiles : damage detection by microscopy
The chemistry of textile fibres
