http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2336 archives (memory organisations)
archives (memory organisations)
A Nuzi private archives : morphological considerations
Radio Voice of the Gospel Archives project : final report
Implementing Open Access mandates in Europe : OpenAIRE Study on the Development of Open Access Repository Communities in Europe
Public records and archives in classical Athens
Neo-Sumerian archival texts primarly from Nippur in the University Museum, the Oriental Institute and the Iraq Museum (Natn)
List of the foreign office records preserved in the public rcord office in London relating to China and Japan
The anthropology of expeditions : travel, visualities, afterlives
Research beyond borders : multidisciplinary reflections
Our heritage : a directory to archives and manuscript repositories in Australia
Abstract: The goal of the thesis was to design and develop a new user interface for an image archive. The archive is accessed on the intranet server through the user's web browser. To limit the scope of the thesis, no changes to the database were planned. The user interface was set to be designed from a user centred point of view. For the design, the users were interviewed. The interview was based on a set group of questions, but the line of questions was not strictly followed during the interview. From the interview it was found out that the image archive has two kinds of users, architects and users working in tourism and travel. Both types of have similar requirements for the archive. The users search the archive for images of a certain building or certain types of images. The users are also required to upload images to the archive. Individual pages of the user interface were designed based on the interviews. On the search page the users can define search conditions and search for images based on the conditions. The search page leads to the results page, which displays search results as thumbnails. The user can inspect images by placing the mouse cursor on top of the thumbnail, which causes metadata for the image to be displayed on a box on the right. From the results page the user can enter a browse view by clicking on a thumbnail. On the browse page the user can see the single image in a larger size and navigate to the previous and next images. In the browse page the user can also edit saved metadata and export images from the archive. Adding images to the archive was were decided to be made easier by adding an batch edit system to the archive, where the user can write metadata information to an image by a single mouse click. The images are added to the archive directly from the user's computer. After development and deployment, the archive user interface has been observed to be useful and functional. Significant improvements include quickly browsing through multiple images and saving images to the user's computer. Feedback from the new archive user interface from the users has been mostly positive.
Health information technology in community pharmacies : a strategic approach
Report of the Archives Committee : summary
"In the West at the turn of the twentieth century, public understanding of science and the world was shaped in part by expeditions to Asia, North America, and the Pacific. The Anthropology of Expeditions draws together contributions from anthropologists and historians of science to explore the role of these journeys in natural history and anthropology between approximately 1890 and 1930. By examining collected materials as well as museum and archive records, the contributors to this volume shed light on the complex social life and intimate work practices of the researchers involved in these expeditions. At the same time, the contributors also demonstrate the methodological challenges and rewards of studying these legacies and provide new insights for the history of collecting, history of anthropology, and histories of expeditions. Offering fascinating insights into the nature of expeditions and the human relationships that shaped them, The Anthropology of Expeditions sets a new standard for the field. "--
Ishtar of Lagaba and her dress
Adobe Photoshop Lightroom : photographers' guide
Conservation environment guidelines for libraries and archives
Archival storytelling : a filmmaker's guide to finding, using, and licensing third-party visuals and music
Materials for West African history : in the archives of Belgium and Holland
Guide to the ELCT Northern Diocese Archive in Moshi, Tanzania 1906-1993
Cuneiform archives from hellenistic Uruk
Handbook of libraries, archives and information centres in India. 9, Humanities information systems and centres : part 2
Trapped in folklore? : studies in music and dance tradition and their contemporary transformations
A detailed catalogue of the second archives of Bertrand Russell
Historical records of Assyria : from the earliest times to Sargon. Vol. 1
"Staging the archive: art and photography in the age of new media is dedicated to art practices that mobilize the model of the archive, demonstrating the ways in which such archival artworks probe the possibilities of what art is and what it can do. Through a variety of media, methodologies and perspectives, the artists surveyed here also challenge the principles on which the notions of organization, evidence and documentation are built. The book shows how artists have, over recent decades, read the concept of the archive against the grain, questionning not only what the archive is and can be but what materials, images or ideas can be archived. Ernst van Alphen explores the work of artists such as Marcel Duchamp, Marcel Broodthaers, Christian Boltanski, Fiona Tan, and Sophie Calle, writers including Georges Perec and film-makers such as Alain Resnais and Pťer Forgc̀s. Staging the Archive reveals how modern and contemporary artists have used and contested the notion of the archive to establish new relationships to history, information, data.
Archives in Sweden
Integrity in government through records management
Archives and archival documents in ancient societies : Trieste 30 September - 1 October 2011
Archival services and the concept of the user : a RAMP study
Access to archives : a handbook of guidelines for implementation of Recommendation no R(2000)13 on a European policy on access to archives
Razstavljanje arhivskega in knjižničnega gradiva ter likovnih del na papirju = Exhibiting archival and library material and works of art on paper : proceedings of the International Symposium, Ljubljana, 5-6 June 2003: standards in preservation
The secret archives of the Vatican
Smithsonian focus on India : a guide to the institution's resources
A manual of archive administration : including the problems of war archives and archive making
Information and documentation : document storage requirements for archive and library materials = Information et documentation : prescriptions pour le stockage des documents d'archives et de bibliothèques
Historical records of Assyria : from Sargon to the end. Vol. 2
Preserving archives and manuscripts
Joseph H. Pilates archive collection : photographs, writings and designs
A guide to the archival care of architectural records : 19th-20th centuries
Papier - Linie - Licht : Konservierung von Architekturzeichnungen und Lichtpausen aus dem Hans-Scharoun-Archiv = Paper - line - light : the preservation of architectural drawings and photoreproductions from the Hans Scharoun Archive
Checklist of archives in the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs Tokyo, Japan, 1868-1945 : microfilmed for the library of congress, 1949-1951
Estonian archives in the European context : papers of the conference in the Tallinn city archives on september 15-16, 2005 = Die Archive Estlands im europäischen Kontext. Vorträge der Konferenz im Tallinner Stadtarchiv vom 15. bis zum 16. September 2005
Olin Downesin arkisto
The world of learning 1990.
Radio Voice of the Gospel Archives (Addis Ababa, Ethiopia) catalogue. Part 1, Filing systems sections 1-10 : files containing handwritten/typed documents and publications, maps, drawings, blueprints, photographs and slides
Strategy of the National Archives Service of Finland 2015
A guide to East-Central European archives
Guide to the materials in London archives for the history of the United States since 1783
Crowdsourcing our cultural heritage
Kaleidoscope - construction of objectivity
Frida Kahlo : her photos
Documents from the temple archives of Nippur : dated in the reigns of Cassite rulers (incomplete dates). [2]
Archives, personal papers and manuscripts : a cataloging manual for archival repositories, historical societies and manuscript libraries
Guide to the archives
Nordic archives and libraries of labour history
Guide to the public archives of Finland
The top technologies every librarian needs to know
Catalogue of the Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Volume 2
Guide to genealogical records in the national archives
Digitisation : standards landscape for European museums, archives, libraries
Preservation of library and archival materials : a manual : revised and expanded
Finnish Evangelical Lutheran Church of American arkisto 1884-1970
Tribal Libraries, Archives, and Museums
The "treasure houses of Austria" : the Austrian State Archives
The archive effect : found footage and the audiovisual experience of history
Dutch sources on South Asia, c. 1600-1825. Vol. 1, Bibliography and archival guide to the National Archives at the Haque (The Netherlands)
Baltic connections : archival guide to the maritime relations of the countries around the Baltic Sea (including the Netherlands) 1450-1800.. Vol. 1, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Germany
Government archives in South Asia : a guide to national and state archives in Ceylon, India and Pakistan
Survey of reissues of U.S. recordings
Indigenous notions of ownership and libraries, archives and museums
The Vatican secret archives = Archivo segreto Vaticano
Directory of music research libraries. Vol. 2, Sixteen European countries
The Abinnaeus archive : papers of a Roman officer in the reign of Constantinus II
Calendar of papers in Washington archives relating to the territories of the United States (to 1873)
Guidelines for humidity and temperatude for Canadian archives
Documents from the temple archives of Nippur : dated in the reigns of Cassite rulers (complete dates). [1]
Radio Voice of the Gospel Archives (Addis Ababa, Ethiopia) catalogue. Part 2 A, Filing system section 11.01-11.15 : sound archive files consisting of reel tapes with recordings of RVOG religious radio programmes
International conference "Transforming culture in the digital age" : 14-16 April 2010, Tartu, Estonia : abstracts
Archives and libraries in the City of Assur : a survey of the material from the German Excavations. Pt. 2
Among wolves
The archive project : archival research in the social sciences
Annotated catalogue of the H. Colin Slim Stravinsky collection donated by him to the University of British Columbia Library
Buggy biz : integrated pest managemant in collections
The government UFO files
Archives of Russia : a directory and bibliographic guide to holdings in Moscow and St. Petersburg
Tracing your ancestors in the Public Record Office
Catalogue of the Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Volume 8, Tablets from Sippar 3
Dutch sources on South Asia, c. 1600-1825. Vol. 2, Archival guide to the repositories in The Netherlands other than the National Archives
This book, part of a series aiming to investigate the legal systems of ancient societies through a document-based, comparative approach, focuses on the study of archives and archival records and their interplay with the workings of administrative and political systems. The papers are arranged in four sections dealing with the Ancient Near East, Classical Greece, the Persian Tradition and the Hellenistic World, and the Roman Empire. The themes touched upon chronologically span from the early second millennium B.C. to the late Roman Empire and geographically range from Mesopotamia to the Western Mediterranean. The archives considered, public and private, are conspicuous for their variety and reflect diverse archival concepts and traditions but a number of common patterns also emerge in respect to their physical organization, to the classification of texts, the function of record-keeping and the role of seals. We are entitled to speak of a recurring "archival behaviour".
Libraries and archives : design and renovation with a preservation perspective
Digital library futures : user perspectives and institutional strategies [e-kirja] / Ingeborg Verheul, Anna-Maria Tammaro and Steve Witt (eds.)
The zones of silence in documentary heritage management : on diversity on the UNESCO Memory of World International Register
Inventory of the historical archives : general archives. Vol. 1, Records of the high authority of the ECSC 1952. Speeches 1952-67
Practical radiography : principles and applications
The digital infrastructure of the archives : workshop in Umeå and Sandslån 15-19 May 2000
Directory of music research libraries. Vol. 3,1, Sixteen European countries
Labour's memory : the Labour Movement Archives and Library 1902-2002
The concept of record : report from the Second Stockholm Conference on Archival Science and the Concept of Record, 30-31 May 1996.
Guide to the archives of the League [of] Nations : 1919-1946
As a celebration of Anne Thurston's pioneering work on records and archives management as an essential basis for demonstrating integrity in government, this excellent volume brings together scholars and practicing archivists to discuss key issues around records as evidence for accountability, transparency and the protection of citizens' rights. Never before have authors from the developing and developed worlds come together to explore the intersection of records management, public administration and international development. The book covers Thurston's work, the importance of records management for effective governance and digital records management and preservation in developing countries. Case studies from across Africa enhance the theoretical and practical perspectives taken by the authors. This book will be essential reading for scholars and students interested in records management and good governance around the world.
Music archiving in the world : papers presented at the conference on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of the Berlin Phonogramm-Archiv
Guide to the archives of the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of the Member States, of the European Communities and the European Political Cooperation
Greek archives, cults, and topography
Archives, museums and collecting practices in the modern Arab world
The expanding opportunities for the study of the Finnish Canadian heritage of the public archives of Canada
Legal and economic records from the kingdom of Larsa
Staging the archive : art and photography in the age of new media
Final program and proceedings of IS&T's 2004 Archiving Conference, April 20-23, 2004, Hyatt Regency Hotel, San Antonio, Texas
Information and documentation : a reference ontology for the interchange of cultural heritage information
ACTA XXXII Annual Conference Tampere, 5.-8. September 2001 : the Finnish Labour Movement : IALHI projects : projects of IALHI members
Using archival resources for climate history research
Archangel : a novel
Report on the diplomatic archives of the department of State, 1789-1840 : papers of bureau of historical research, Carnegie Institution of Washington
Turun yliopiston kansatieteen laitoksen käsikirjoitusarkiston luettelo = Catalogue of the archives of manuscripts. 1, (KTL 1-530)
Egyptian archives : proceedings of the first session of the International congress Egyptian Archives/Egyptological Archives : Milano, September 9-10, 2008
The archives of the Council for World Mission (incorporating the London Missionary Society) : : an outline guide
Handbook of libraries, archives and information centres in India. 9, Humanities information systems and centres : part 1
Management assistant's guide to information seeking
INSAR : European archives news
Abraham Lincoln papers 1833-1865
Legal and administrative documents of the time of Hammurabi and Samsuiluna (mainly from Lagaba)
The Diplomatica collection in the Swedish National Archives
Preservation management of digital materials : a handbook
Preservation in Disaster Situations: a case study of the Valvilla Wool Mill Museum, Finland
Folklore and modern Irish writing
Paul Emil Forsmanin arkisto 1836-1906
Introduction to archival organization and description / Michael J. Fox, Peter L. Wilkerson ; edited by Susanne R. Warren
Guide to the sources of the history of Africa = Guide des sources de l'histoire de l'Afrique. 8, Scandinavia : sources in Denmark, Norway and Sweden
Guide to the archives of the government of the United States in Washington
Copyright and cultural heritage : preservation and access to works in a digital world
The arrangement and description of archival materials
MUISTI (MEMORY) - Digitization and network delivery of Finnish national collections
Archives, oral history and oral tradition : a RAMP study
List of documents in Spanish archives relating to the history of the United States, which have been printed or of which transcripts are preserved in American libraries
Conservation of paper material and books in Central and Eastern Europe : national training course on conservation of library heritage, University of Pula, Croatia 18-29 September 2000
Lux in arcana : the Vatican secret archives reveals itself
Basements and attics, closets and cyberspace : explorations in Canadian women's archives
Irish research : a guide to collections in North America, Ireland, and Great Britain
Guide to the materials for United States history in Canadian archives
Re-engineering an image archive user interface
The Estonian Folklore Archives
Reflections of Roman life and living : Clichés from the Archive of the Corpus Inscriptionum Latinarum
Public Relations and Marketing for Archives : a How-to-do-it Manual
Building a successful archival programme : a practical approach
Content-based search and browsing in semantic multimedia retrieval
Information and documentation : archival paper : requirements for permanence and durability
Guide to the Military Archives of Finland
Working with archival data : studying lives
Inventory of unpublished material for American religious history in Protestant Church archives and other repositories
Namibiana in Finland. 1, Opas suomalaisiin Namibiaa ennen vuotta 1938 koskeviin arkistolähteisiin : Guide to the Finnish archival sources concerning Namibia before 1938
Illustrated manuscripts at St. Catherine's monastery on Mount Sinai
The archives of the Congregation of the Immaculate Heart of Mary : (CICM-SCHEUT) (1862-1967)
Does openness and open access policy relate to the success of universities?
Guide to the archives of member states' foreign ministries and European Union institutions
The allure of the archives
Guide to the diplomatic archives of Western Europe
Chinese Communist materials at the Bureau of Investigation archives, Taiwan
Tomorrow and tomorrow
Archival issues : journal of the Midwest Archives Conference
Modern archives and manuscripts : a select bibliography
Includes bibliographical references and index
NKF Nordisk Konservatorforbunds 9. kongress Oslo 25.-29. mai 1981 : IIC Nordic group. 9th congress. Oslo 25-29 May 1981.
Help Finland Inc.:n arkisto 1938-1962
Chancery equity records and proceedings 1600-1800 : a guide to documents in the Public Record Office
From Afghanistan to Zimbabwe, priceless documentary heritage records the diversity of languages, peoples and knowledge that has influenced humanity from the early days of human history to the present. This heritage documents important events, discoveries or inventions that have transformed the world. The UNESCO Memory of the World programme was created to preserve these recorded treasures of humanity and mobilize resources so that future generations can enjoy this legacy which is preserved in the major libraries, archives and museums across the globe. This book is a full listing of all entries on the official UNESCO Memory of the World international register.
Music from New Orleans and Warsaw: Records from the Harry Orvomaa collection
Media history and the archive
Finnish Hall Societyn arkisto 1957-1965
Neo-Assyrian legal texts in Istanbul
The World of learning
Radio Voice of the Gospel Archives (Addis Ababa, Ethiopia) catalogue. Part 2 B, Filing system section 11.16-11.50 : sound archive files consisting of reel tapes with recordings of RVOG historical and secular radio programmes
Descriptive catalogue of the documents relating to the history of the United States in the Pepeles Procedentes de Cuba deposited in the Archivo General de Indias at Seville
Memory of the world : the treasures that record our history from 1700 BC to the present day
The State Archives
The prime minister's ironing board and other state secrets : true stories from the government archives
Sources for the study of Finnish migration
Business documents of Murashû sons of Nippur dated in the reign of Darius II (424-404 B. C.)
Materials for West African history : in French archives
Questions like 'Trapped in folklore?' open up many possibilities for reflection and prompt different answers. This thematic publication with a rather provocative title discusses questions as to whether the selected musical phenomena are a fossilised form of tradition, folklore and folklorism and, as such, are trapped in a museum-like image isolated from contemporary cultural life, or whether we are looking at active events, changes, and adjustments within contemporary society.
