http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23372 foxtrot (dance music)
foxtrot (dance music)
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 13, Jonathan & Katusha
Driftwood : fox-trot
Gold Star Ballroom : Slow fox
Ancona open ballroom. 5.
The ultimate... Ballroom album. 2: original music for ballroom dancing
Dance attack!. 1, 16 original vocal recordings
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 10, "When you're smiling"
Giant combo-fake book: C-book: 117 full-sounding dance arangements
World Dancesport Federation: slow fox
The art of Ballroom
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance-step-by-step!
Ballroom favourites
The ultimate... Ballroom album. 1: original music for ballroom dancing
The best... of ballroom music. 16 : original hits for ballroom dancing
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 1.
Ballroom dancing : a comprehensive guide for dancers of all levels
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 4.
World of Standardtänze. Vol. 2.
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 12, Alan & Donna
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 17, Emanuel & Tania
Masters of modern. 13.
Puttin' on the Ritz
The Ultimate... Ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 2.
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 16, "Temptation"
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 11, Jonathan & Katusha
The ultimate ballroom album 6 : original music for dancing & listening. 6, "Hello young lovers"
Gold standard. 2
The next steps : the joy of dancing : ballroom, Latin and jive for social dancers af all ages
Mel Bay presents the best of vintage dance : a treasure of waltzes, two steps, one steps, fox trots, tangos, ragtime novelties and grand marches
How to dance : step-by-step
Mister Sandman : quickstep (48/50)
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango, samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance - step-by-step
Let's dance : the complete book and DVD of ballroom dance instruction for weddings, parties, fitness, and fun : dance like a star in minutes
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 9, "Scarlet ribbons"
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 17, "For you"
Slow fox collection
A technique of advanced standard ballroom figures
Discover dance : ballroom
Modern ballroom dancing
Katinka : russian fox trot
The technique of ballroom dancing
Ballroom favourites : one more time ten
The Irvine legacy
How to dance!
Her beaus are only rainbows : fox-trot
Technique of ballroom dancing
The world of ballroom dance
The ultimate... Ballroom album. 3: original music for ballroom dancing
The ultimate...ballroom album. 7, Beautiful things
World of Standardtänze. Vol. 2
Hymy = Clown = Smile
It's easy to play party time : Easy to read, simplified arrangements of 21 party favourites
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing & listening. 12, Anything goes
The complete organ player. Book 2
Technique of ballroom dancing : the foxtrot & basic principles
Masters of modern. One
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 18, "The way you look tonight"
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 14, Victor & Anna
Slowfox
The Ultimate... Ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 3.
Just a little longer : fox-trot avec chant
