http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23303 advantages
advantages
Interest
Competitiveness of Finnish small and medium-sized enterprises : a follow-up study
The arabs in history
Creating Competitive Advantage Through Online Marketing: Case InterAxionsPlus Oy
The 'Romance of Teams' : what do people think and feel about the idea of teamwork?
Creating Core Competence and an Expansion Plan for a Chinese Wellness Company in Finland
Adapting E-invoicing: Benefits, Challenges and Future Strategies to Overcome Challenges : A comparative case study of Finnish Companies
Mindtrek is a technology conference organised in Tampere, Finland. The 2016  conference consisted of five different events: Open Source World, Internet of Things Event, Mindtrek  Immersion, Smart City Event and Academic Mindtrek. The main organiser of the international conference is  COSS - the Finnish Centre for Open Systems and Solutions: a small non-profit organisation of seven  employees. In 2016, COSS acted as the organiser of the event for the second time in a row.  The purpose of this study was to identify industry related critical success factors that might need further  development. The objective of this was for Mindtrek to stay ahead of competition in the international  conference scene and, thus, increase competitiveness and recognition. A central focus point needed to be found  for the conference themes so as to make the central message of Mindtrek clearer. The data were collected in two phases; by conducting an interview with the Executive Director of COSS, and  during the second phase an anonymous survey was filled out by the employees who took part in organising the  conference. Mainly qualitative data were used during the writing of this thesis.  During the interview with the Executive Director of COSS, it was found that the critical success factors the  Executive Director wanted to further develop were all innovation related factors. Thus, the second phase of the  study included a survey filled out by the employees in order to find out if the prerequisites for innovation were  fully met at the workplace. The majority of respondents felt that they were not entirely sure of the vision and  goals of Mindtrek, and they hoped for more logical processes within the organisation.  The findings indicate that the innovative abilities of the team could be increased by clarifying the vision and  goals of the conference. This would help with finding a central focus point and deciding on the right themes.  The results also suggest that the filing system in use ought to be reorganised in order to facilitate the flow of  information between employees. Moreover, the innovation process should be paid attention to; problems or  topics should be clearly defined before meetings and more time should be reserved for discussion.
The Utilization of Employee Competencies : A comparison between Vamp and Wärtsilä
Elam : surveys of political history and archaeology
Petra : the rose-red city
Contact and hybrid laser in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia : comparison with transurethral resection of prostate
Peptide based modulators of prostate specific kallikrein-related peptidases 2 and 3
Tax-free shopping in Kajaani by Russian Tourists
Successful Born Global internationalization : dynamic capabilities development
Over the years, tourism has become one of largest industries in the world. It has boosted national economy, reduced economy trade deficit as well as helped country's development in many countries. However, with the sheer size of the industry, it generates a great deal of solid and liquid wastes from tourism operations. Consequently, it causes serious environmental degradation. As tourism depends heavily on nature, there is a need to care for it; for the survival of future tourism. Organic waste management, under the umbrella of environmental management, is an effective tool for this role. Acknowledging the importance of this tool in the hotel sector, the author has asked the questions, “ What are the economic benefits of organic waste management in hotels' operations in tourism destination”, and set research objectives to find out whether some hotels gain economic benefits from such management. The chosen sampling is Green Leaf Hotels, hotels practicing it in Thailand.    Within the literature consulted by the author, many studies have identified several benefits from managing organic wast. This study focuses on three issues: first, helping hotels to save money on cost reduction; second, enabling hotels to gain other income from the organic-waste-by-products; third helping hotels to increase competitiveness in part of marketing and pricing strategy.    One of the main purposes of this study is to educate and form basic understanding to hotels about potential economic benefits of organic waste management in their businesses. Therefore, a qualitative study is the most suitable research position. The online questionnaire was judged the most appropriate methodology, as it allows the author to conduct research and gather primary data from Thailand, while living in Finland. In the process of data analysis, this research usedcaptive case study as it permits the author to concentrate on a specific and relevant group of sampling.    The author was able to collect 33 responses. This number is not statistically enough to cross compare the Thai and international hotels, as one goal set for this study. Thus, the data was instead analyzed based on their level of the organic waste management approaches employed in hotels: and the author further discussed how much these hotels gain economic benefits, in relation to their level of effort in organic waste management.     The author spent time during September 2009-May 2010 to complete the whole study; the content was written only during January to May 2010.
Swords and daggers in late bronze age Canaan
Exploring IT system benefits in health care
Sourcebook of alternative technologies for freshwater augmentation in West Asia
Exploring the competitive advantage through ERP systems : from implementation to applications in agile networks
Benefits and potential risks of the lactoperoxidase system of raw milk preservation : report of an FAO/WHO technical meeting, FAO headquarters, Rome, 28 November - 2 December 2005.
Examining the relationship between personal and common goods, and the relation of virtue and law to both, Keys shows why Aquinas should be read in addition to Aristotle on these perennial questions.
Strategic compensation : a human resource management approach
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
The land of the Hittites : an account of recent explorations and discoveries in Asia Minor, with descriptions of the Hittite monuments
Black sheep : the hidden benefits of being bad
Strategic learning : a route to competitive advantage?
The use of corporate responsibility data for business benefits : facilitating data collection, distribution and use with information systems and knowledge management principles
Dynamic capabilities : how organizational structures affect knowledge processes
Pathfinders : the golden age of Arabic science
Validation and application of computational knee joint models : finite element modeling analysis
Evaluation of the PhD-thesis "A study of fringe benefits - analysis based on Finnish micro data" : recension
Creating a Competitive Advantage for the Commercial Real Estate Management Company on the Basis of Competitor Analysis : Case Study “Spektr”
B2C marketing plan : focusing on camera product category for Le Bao Minh Joint Stock Investment Company
Synthesis of betulin derivatives with new bioactivities
New techniques and methods for decreasing healthy tissue dose in prostate cancer radiotherapy, with special reference to rectal doses
The miocene of Western Asia : fossil mammals at the crossroads of faunal provinces and climate regimes
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2011 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2011.
This article is based on the master's thesis work entitled "An interaction frame-work for deploying the knowledge of diasporas: Using Finland as an example" (Harikkala 2013). The original work contributes to the existing literature on the concepts of diaspora and knowledge by linking the two concepts together in a novel way. Furthermore, the original work links the novel combination to economic benefit. This article has offered a shortened yet equally novel outlook on the concepts. Although this article examines only the situation in Finland more closely, the findings suggest the importance of continued work on the subject both theoretically and in other empirical settings.
For over 700 years the international language of science was Arabic. This book celebrates the forgotten pioneers who helped shape our understanding of the world.
Emerging practices and impacts of the sustainable financing in the pulp and paper industry
The size of nations
A stock option based incentive scheme with an endogenous strike price
Employee benefits : a primer for human resource professionals
Medical tourism - benefits and risk : a guide of awareness on undergoing cosmetic procedures abroad
ORGANIZATIONAL CAPABILITIES FOR STRATEGIC LEADERSHIP IN WELL-KNOWN LOGISTICS COMPANIES IN FINLAND
Intermittent versus continuous androgen deprivation in patients with advanced prostate cancer : the FinnProstate study VII
Information systems role in strategic agility : a supply chain context
The Amsterdam treaty : national preference formation interstate bargaining and outcome
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2009 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2009.
Heroine of the desert
Investor support pool
Computational studies on prostatic acid phosphatase
Seven pillars of wisdom : a triumph
Leasing of firemen's personal protection gear
From an antique land : ancient and modern in the Middle East
Free prostate-specific antigen forms and kallikrein-related peptidase 2 : tools for prostate cancer diagnostics
The concept of a beneficial owner in the application of finnish tax treaties
Complementarities in corporate governance
The Ottoman empire : the classical age 1300-1600
Creating Efficiency through Defining and Utilizing Synergies in the Field of Logistics : Case study : Tampere Regional Transport Research
English summary.
Effects of obtained benefits on willingness to pay and word-of-mouth behavior in newspaper industry
University-industry collaboration : Faculty of Information Technology at University of Jyväskylä
Evolution of software business in industrial companies : resources, capabilities and strategy
Developing competitiveness of a company using a new business process engineering concept
Oriental assembly
Economies of scale, product differentiation and market power
Strategic concepts for assessing the potential of hospitality-related higher education in Uganda
Chemical biology screen for prostate cancer therapeutics
The external and internal impacts of the service guarantee : a case study of Fortum Oy
Innovation as a Building Block of Success : Increasing the Competitiveness of Mindtrek
Benefits and challenges of virtual teams
Transgene verification and technical improvement in the establisment of transgenic miR-32 mouse line
" Deaf people are usually regarded by the hearing world as having a lack, as missing a sense. Yet a definition of deaf people based on hearing loss obscures a wealth of ways in which societies have benefited from the significant contributions of deaf people. In this bold intervention into ongoing debates about disability and what it means to be human, experts from a variety of disciplines--neuroscience, linguistics, bioethics, history, cultural studies, education, public policy, art, and architecture--advance the concept of Deaf Gain and challenge assumptions about what is normal.Through their in-depth articulation of Deaf Gain, the editors and authors of this pathbreaking volume approach deafness as a distinct way of being in the world, one which opens up perceptions, perspectives, and insights that are less common to the majority of hearing persons.For example, deaf individuals tend to have unique capabilities in spatial and facial recognition, peripheral processing, and the detection of images. And users of sign language, which neuroscientists have shown to be biologically equivalent to speech, contribute toward a robust range of creative expression and understanding. By framing deafness in terms of its intellectual, creative, and cultural benefits, Deaf Gain recognizes physical and cognitive difference as a vital aspect of human diversity.Contributors: David Armstrong; Benjamin Bahan, Gallaudet U; Hansel Bauman, Gallaudet U; John D. Bonvillian, U of Virginia; Alison Bryan; Teresa Blankmeyer Burke, Gallaudet U; Cindee Calton; Debra Cole; Matthew Dye, U of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign; Steve Emery; Ofelia Garc&iacute;a, CUNY; Peter C. Hauser, Rochester Institute of Technology; Geo Kartheiser; Caroline Kobek Pezzarossi; Christopher Krentz, U of Virginia; Annelies Kusters; Irene W. Leigh, Gallaudet U; Elizabeth M.Lockwood, U of Arizona; Summer Loeffler; Mara L&uacute;cia Massuti, Instituto Federal de Santa Catarina, Brazil; Donna A. Morere, Gallaudet U; Kati Morton; Ronice Muller de Quadros, U Federal de Santa Catarina, Brazil; Donna Jo Napoli, Swarthmore College; Jennifer Nelson, Gallaudet U; Laura-Ann Petitto, Gallaudet U; Suvi Pylvanen, Kymenlaakso U of Applied Sciences; Antti Raike, Aalto U; Paivi Rain&ograve;, U of Applied Sciences Humak; Katherine D. Rogers; Clara Sherley-Appel; Kristin Snoddon, U of Alberta; Karin Strobel, U Federal de Santa Catarina, Brazil; Hilary Sutherland; Rachel Sutton-Spence, U of Bristol, England; James Tabery, U of Utah; Jennifer Grinder Witteborg; Mark Zaurov. "--
Indian attraction : profitable multinationals as subsidy junkies : a study of incentives for foreign investment in India
Dynamic capabilities as enablers of value co-creation between an MBA school and its students
Hotel pricing in a social world : driving value in the digital economy
SUMOylation in the Regulation of Androgen Receptor and Pioneer Factor FOXA1 in Prostate Cancer Cells
Hotels in toughening competition : case study of Rovaniemi and hotel Santa Claus
Corporate governance in state-owned companies
Marketing Strategy Study For Customized Humidors In East Ontario Area
Electronic services as a creator of competitive advantage in conventional scheduled airlines
Benefits of building information modelling (BIM) for construction project management in Germany
An interaction framework for deploying the knowledge of diasporas : Using Finland as an example
Today's travellers are increasingly knowledgeable and independent than before. More and more leisure travellers are willing to hold the "steering wheel" of entire trip by themselves and pay more attention to high values.    Helsinki's hotel industry has experienced steady growth in the recent years. Research shows that most of the leisure tourists who have been travelled in Helsinki are interested in having a longer stay to experience the local life style. In fact, the average hotel stay in Helsinki is always less than two nights in the past.    Based on the trend in international leisure tourism and the development of Helsinki hotel industry, the author has created a promotion for hotels to attract independent leisure travellers to have a minimum two nights' stay.     The primary goal of the project is to create a promotional product for hotels to promote their accommodation sales to independent travelers. The project aims to bring a new concept of utilizing hotels' current resources and local network to increase its room revenue through its self-owned sales channels and networks.     The project is completed between the end of 2008 and March 2009. The evaluation result shows that discounts and extra benefits will affect travelers' decision on length of stay. But the determinant factor of independent leisure travelers' length of stay is not about the extra benefits or discounts. A more competitive marketing plan should be developed around this promotion idea.
Interpreter of maladies : stories
Consumer motivations to join a brand community on Facebook
Clusters' contribution to the development of biotech field : special interest in the Finnish biotech field
Anatomy of an Aid Encounter : Actors and Power in the Rural Water Supply and Sanitation Support Programme in Nepal
Essays on franchising in Finland : empirical findings on franchisors and franchisees, and their relationships
Atlantis of the sands : the search for the lost city of Ubar
Regulation of androgen receptor signaling by SUMO modifications in prostate cancer cells
Evidence-based practice in medicine and health care : a discussion of the ethical issues
Aquinas, Aristotle, and the promise of the common good
Creating a sustained competitive advantage in a single industry. Utilization of core resources and capabilities in customer value creation : a comparative case study on the hotel and restaurant business in Helsinki
Corporate Governance in State-Owned Companies
Handbook of tourism and quality-of-life research : enhancing the lives of tourists and residents of host communities
Strategic positioning with an environmentally responsible image
Comparison of the cost of antidepressants in a prostate cancer screening trial population
The responsive workplace : employers and a changing labor force
The undertaking
Assessing goblet cell metaplasia and expression of peptidase inhibitor 15 in mouse prostate tissue
Finnair competitive advantage through environmental responsibility
Gilded and enamelled glass from the Middle East
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2010 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2010.
Power, dominance and the invisible practice of privilege : saving the other in the world of aid. The self-actualization of a development worker in Laos
An inherited name as the foundation of a person's identity: How the memory of a dead person lived on in the names of his or her descendants
Role of the local government in provision of public goods : a case study of Bayandai district, Russian federation
The e-connected world : risks and opportunities
A history of the modern Middle East
The southern gates of Arabia : a journey in the Hadhramaut
No-till technology : benefits to farmers and the environment
The study of online hospitality exchange : The case of couch surfing network
A brief history of the Middle East
Genetic epidemiology of hereditary prostate cancer in Finland
Dynamic capabilities and competitive advantage : case: Orion Pharma Corporation
Social ventures : the theory of sustainable contributive advantage and initial empirical tests
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Beyond the pejorative : sphere of influence in international theory
Benefits of investing in water and sanitation : an OECD perspective
Vitamin D, iron, calcium and overall nutritional status in premenopausal women in two regions of Bangladesh : dietary intake, anthropometry and blood chemistry in rural poor and urban rich women of different physiological conditions
National interest and the EEC/EC/EU
Early Caliphate
Mapping subaltern studies and the postcolonial
Internationalisation of a service company : case: The Turquoise Holiday Company
The utilization of diasporas' knowledge in Finland
PROFITABILITY IMPROVEMENT FROM EFFICIENT SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT IN A PROJECT-BASED COMPANY
Conflict of Interest : The Common Thread Underlying Ethical Lapses
Notes on the Orientalism debate and Orientalism in Finland
Tourism 2020 vision. Volume 6, South Asia
EDC Park needs assessment tool
An armchair guide to the Middle East. Vol. 1, Introduction
BRANDING AN ATHLETE AND CREATING STRATEGIC SPONSORSHIP CO-OPERATION RELATIONSHIPS – CASE CARINA KETONEN
Inspired baby names from around the world : 6,000 international names and the meaning behind them
The Middle East : Lebanon - Syria - Jordan - Iraq - Iran
Comparative advantages and competition strategies of cities in the professional meetings industry : case Helsinki
Innovation as a building block of success : increasing the competitiveness of Mindtrek
Supply Chain Management in Fast Fashion
Deaf gain : raising the stakes for human diversity
Company Diversification Strategies : The Case of BIS Group in London, UK
Practically religious : worldly benefits and the common religion of Japan
Wood biochemicals for the protection of health : focus on hemicellulose. stilbenoids and lignans
Expression of miR-32, Ki-67, Btg2, and Pten in Transgenic Mouse Prostate Tissue
Promotion design for independent leisure travelers in Helsinki : "H5" discount card
Babylon : Mesopotamia and the birth of civilization
Competing in process automation industry, analysis of the factors affecting competitiveness : case: Metso Automation Flow Control business line
Finding a voice at work? : new perspectives on employment relations
Competitor analysis for Feelback Ltd - A base for strategic decision making
Financial contracting with correlated cash-flows
Biodiesel a means to sustainable competitive advantage in Nigeria’s manufacturing companies
What hinders a consumer to adapt to the use of e-magazines? : a study of the benefits and barriers affecting choice of magazine format
Sustainable competitive advantage through resource allocations in operational strategies in housing business : case company
Strategic development approach in a case company
Employee compensation : case Nedecon
Employee Well-Being as Competitive Advantage
Perfect babies' names
The relationship between organic waste management in hotels and economic benefits, case study, Green Leaf Hotels, Thailand
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Brazilian foreign direct investment in Africa : in search of natural resources and diplomatic power
Work orientation and follow-up : Case company ABC Vaasa
Living names, naming lives : on the naming practices of Germans living in Finland - a socio-onomastic study
Many faces of innovation : from literature synthesis to empirical studies
A traveller's history of Turkey
Santa Claus vip card - a work in progress
Core competencies of small and medium-sized enterprises in the medical technology industry
