http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23379 diets (assemblies)
diets (assemblies)
"Our heads are the same size!" : a study of quality of the child's life in Nordic day care centres
Diary of the dark years, 1940-1944 : collaboration, resistance, and daily life in occupied Paris
Butterfly communities in relation to changes in the management of agricultural environments
Diaries and letters 1930-1939
The Diary of a young girl
Anne Frank : the book, the life, the afterlife
The diary of a young girl : the definitive edition
The 1967 Arab-Israeli war : origins and consequences
Executive summary (s. 11-18).
Diary of the commander of the Russian Imperial Guard, 1914-1917
Line of fire : diary of an unknown soldier (August, September 1914)
Synthesis report on demographic behaviour, existing population related policies and expectations men and women have corcerning the state
Starting strong : early childhood education and care
Colour of war : 1933-1945
Helga's Diary : a young girl's account of life in a concentration camp
The Nordic parliaments : a comparative analysis
The mayflies of Europe (Ephemeroptera)
A midwife's tale : the life of Martha Ballard, based on her diary, 1785-1812
Journalist Mak spent the year of 1999 criss-crossing the continent, tracing the history of Europe from Verdun to Berlin, Saint Petersburg to Auschwitz, Kiev to Srebrenica. He set off in search of evidence and witnesses, looking to define the condition of Europe at the verge of a new millennium. In the voices of prominent figures and unknown players, Mak combines the larger story of twentieth-century Europe with details that give it a face, a taste and a smell. His unique approach makes the reader an eyewitness to a half-forgotten past, full of unknown peculiarities, sudden insights and touching encounters. This book reads like an epic novel of Europe's most extraordinary century.--From publisher description.
Drawing on the diaries of a midwife and healer in eighteenth-century Maine, this intimate history illuminates the medical practices, household economies, religious rivalries, and sexual mores of the New England frontier.
The grandma hunt
Models of motherhood : welfare state policies and everyday practices : the Scandinavian experience
A world gone mad : the diaries of Astrid Lindgren, 1939-45
The map of lost memories : a novel
Executive summary (s. 11-12).
Models of motherhood : welfare state policies and everyday practices: the Scandinavian experience
Degree-day glacier mass balance modelling with applications to glaciers in Iceland and Norway
Hemingway in love and war : the lost diary of Agnes von Kurowsky
Fighter over Finland : the memoirs of a fighter pilot
Rewriting history : the original and revised World War II diaries of Curt Prüfer, Nazi diplomat
Parliament and politics in the age of Churchill and Attlee : the Headlam diaries, 1935-1951
Babies and bosses : reconciling work and family life : a synthesis of findings for OECD countries
Learning by heart
Cloud atlas
Molecular control of the yearly growth cycle in wild strawberry
Happy birthday Amelia
The emperor of any place
The Diary Of A Young Girl
A diary of darkness : the wartime diary of Kiyosawa Kiyoshi
French language, life & culture
Early childhood education in five nordic countries : perspectives on the transition from preschool to school
The box of red brocade
Background: Every under-school-age child in Finland is justified to receive day care and early childhood education according to law regardless of the child's place of residence. The nation wants to invest in quality early childhood education because both parents of the vast majority of families with children under school age are in full-time employment. How is this arranged in sparsely populated, remote provinces and municipalities? Purpose: Due to remote location and long distances between families, the solutions of guaranteeing quality day care services for all children is challenging. In this review paper, the practical realization of early childhood education in the province of Lapland with 6,000 children under school age is discussed. Conclusion: Suggestions for the future are presented, especially the possibilities of distance education and online peer support for early childhood educators.
Shadow life : a portrait of Anne Frank and her family
The obsidian mirror
Mohammed's journey : a refugee diary
Reconciliation of work and family life for men and women and the equality of care services : report on existing research in the European Union
Heart of darkness with the Congo diary
Diaries and letters 1939-1945
Spain in equatorial Africa
A writer at war : Vasily Grossman with the red army 1941 - 1945
The politics of national celebrations in the Arab Middle East
The diary of a young girl
Vincent by himself : a selection of his paintings and drawings together with extracts from his letters
Double cross : the true story of the D-Day spies
China days : a visual journal from China's wild west
Around the world in 80 days
Challenges and strengths of early childhood education in sparsely populated small provinces the case of Lapland, Finland
A writer at war : letters & diaries 1939-45
PEB compendium of exemplary educational facilities
How the sun got to Coco's house
Finland a gate to Europe : two American students' expedition to Finnish and European cultures
WELCOME multi-media learning pack : language training for childcare students from the UK working in the Netherlands
These wonderful rumours! : a young schoolteacher's wartime diaries 1939-1945
Writer at war : Vasily Grossman with the red army 1941-1945
Israel since the Six-day War : tears of joy, tears of sorrow
The book of lies
Everyman's dictionary of dates
The Story of D-Day : 50 th Anniversary Edition
Two caravans
Pancakes for Findus
Geography of the Palaearctic Papilionoidea (Lepidoptera)
The book of tomorrow
The June 1967 war was a watershed in the history of the modern Middle East. In six days, the Israelis defeated the Arab armies of Egypt, Syria, and Jordan and seized large portions of territory including the West Bank, East Jerusalem, the Gaza Strip, the Sinai Peninsula, and the Golan Heights. With the hindsight of four decades and access to recently declassified documents, two veteran scholars of the Middle East bring together some of the most knowledgeable experts in their fields to reassess the origins of the war and its regional reverberations. Each chapter takes a different perspective from the vantage point of a different participant, those that actually took part in the war, and also the world powers, the United States, Soviet Union, Britain, and France, that played important roles behind the scenes. Their conclusions make for sober reading. At the heart of the story was the incompetence of the Egyptian high command under the leadership of Nasser and the rivalry between various Arab players who were deeply suspicious of each other, motives. Israel, on the other side, gained a resounding victory for which, despite previous assessments to the contrary, there was no master plan.
Starting strong : early childhood education and care. 2
Tropical gangsters
In Europe : travels through the twentieth century
WELCOME multi-media learning pack : language training for childcare students from the UK working in Finland
The last watch
Storm of steel
