http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23304 lesson plans
lesson plans
Serious fun : practical strategies to motivate and engage students
Listening to music elements age : active listening materials to support a primary music scheme. 5+
Change in teaching and learning
Group music teaching in practice : [a resource for all teachers and leaders involved in Wider Oppertunities and group music-making]
Learning to teach music in the secondary school : a companion to school experience
Educational psychology : an integrated approach to classroom decisions
Extralearning : new opportunities for the out of school hours
Seven simple secrets : what the best teachers know and do!
Quality lesson plans for secondary physical education
Dance teaching methods and curriculum design
How to design and teach a hybrid course : achieving student-centered learning through blended classroom, online and experiential activities
Philosophy for young children : a practical guide
What makes a good primary school teacher? : expert classroom strategies
Listening to music elements : active listening materials to support a primary music scheme. age 7+
Complete book +CD + CD-ROM packs of resources which fully engage children in listening to music. Stimulating recordings of world and historical music provide the exciting basis for a range of listening, composing and performing opportunities - enchanced by interactive whiteboard activities. Understanding the building blocks of music - long and short sounds, loud and quiet, fast and slow, high and low - with music from Indonesia, the Caribbean, India, the Pacific, South America and the Western classical and popular traditions.
Music, Moving & learning in early childhood : a manual of songs, lesson plans and basic theory for teachers, students and parents of young children aged 3-5 years
Solfege and sonority : teaching music reading in the choral classroom
Visible learning for teachers : maximizing impact on learning
Improving teaching and learning in physical education
Lesson plans for creative dance : connecting with literature, arts, and music
Scaffolding science inquiry through lesson design
Culinary educators' teaching tools & tips
Several topics in contemporary educational research in Estonia have been covered in this collection. The professional identities of vocational teachers have been studied in relation to their new professional roles. Important differences in lesson planning have been found between novice and experienced teachers. A longitudinal study of the development of language competence revealed that it is important to provide students with tasks suited to their cognitive level. The metacognitive learning strategy summarizing alone explained 33 per cent of the variation in the reading results of the 2009 PISA study between schools in Estonia. Student argumentation in state exam compositions showed differences on the basis of gender and school type.
Traversing the flood of images : a Lacanian perspective to the reasoning for art education in the Finnish schooling system
Teaching music through composition : a curriculum using technology
Special needs : ADHD and communication difficulties
Instructional-design theories and models : an overview of their current status
The teachers' standards in primary schools : understanding & evidencing effective practice
"In this bestselling book from nationally-acclaimed authors Annette Breaux and Todd Whitaker, you'll learn the seven key secrets to great teaching. These secrets will help both new and experienced teachers improve instruction, classroom management, student motivation, and more. The updated Second Edition contains new sections on collaborating with other teachers, using technology to improve teaching, and using social media responsibly"--
The Listening to Music series actively engages children in listening to music so that they can perform it and compose it themselves. Each pack comprises a visually exciting book, a CD of all the recordings, and a CD-ROM of interactive whiteboard activities and printouts. The first title in the Listening to Music series brings together music from China, West Africa, India, South America and Europe - an eclectic mix of traditional, historical and contemporary music.
Dealing with feeling : an emotional literacy curriculum for children aged 7-13
Quality lesson plans for outdoor education
"Meeting the criteria set out in the Teachers' Standards is essential for all trainee teachers, but translating it into classroom practice isn't always easy. Supported by practical classroom examples, this book helps teacher trainees to develop critically reflective perspectives on their practice and provides guidance on how professionalism can be demonstrated and evidenced in primary classrooms. Key coverage includes: Effective teaching and learning and what it means to be a learner ; Planning and assessment for successful teaching ; Meeting the needs of all children ; Behaviour management ; Professional responsibilities ; The role of subject and pedagogical knowledge. This is essential reading for all students on primary initial teacher education courses including university-based (PGCE, BEd, BA with QTS), and schools-based (School Direct, SCITT) routes into teaching."--Back cover.
