http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p233 Darwinism
Darwinism
Darwin for beginners
Why intelligent design fails : a scientific critique of the new creationism
Dawkins vs. Gould : survival of the fittest
Celebrating Darwin : proceedings of the Symposium "Darwin's Mistake and what are doing to correct it" , Ponta Delgada, São Miguel, Açores, September 19-22, 2009.
The design of life : discovering signs of intelligence in biological systems
On the origin of species by means of natural selection
History and philosophy of science. 1, Evolution and human behavior : an introduction to Darwinian anthropology
Choosing selection : the revival of natural selection in Anglo-American evolutionary biology, 1930-1970
In the light of evolution : essays from the laboratory and field
Darwinism : the refutation of a myth
H. G. Bronn, Ernst Haeckel, and the origins of German Darwinism : a study in translation and transformation
No God, No Science: Theology, Cosmology, Biology presents a work of philosophical theology that retrieves the Christian doctrine of creation from the distortions imposed upon it by positivist science and the Darwinian tradition of evolutionary biology. This book argues that the doctrine of creation is integral to the intelligibility of the world; brings the metaphysics of the Christian doctrine of creation to bear on the nature of science; offers a provocative analysis of the theoretical and historical relationship between theology, metaphysics, and science; and, presents an original critique and interpretation of the philosophical meaning of Darwinian biology -- Publisher.
Darwin's ghosts : in search of the first evolutionists
One long argument : Charles Darwin and the genesis of modern evolutionary thought
Neodarwinism in organization and management
Darwin's black box : the biochemical challenge to evolution
Darwin & evolution
Creation
Between man and beast : a tale of exploration and evolution
What evolution is
The metaphysics of evolution
On the origin of species : by means of natural selection or the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life
The triumph of evolution : American scientists and the heredity-environment controversy, 1900-1941
The origin of species
Arrival of the fittest : solving evolutions greatest puzzle
I have landed : the end of a beginning in natural history
Moral Minds : The Nature of Right and Wrong
The rough guide to evolution
The philosophically most challenging science today, arguably, is no longer physics but biology. It is hardly an exaggeration to state that Charles Darwin has shaped modern evolutionary biology more significantly than anyone else. Moreover, since Darwin's day, philosophers and scientists have realized the enormous philosophical potential of Darwinism and have tried to expand his insights well beyond the limits of biology. However, no consensus has been achieved. The aim of this collection of essays is to revive a comprehensive discussion of the meaning and the philosophical implications of "Darwinism." The contributors to Darwinism and Philosophy are international scholars from the fields of philosophy, science, and history of ideas. A strength of this collection is that it brings together sustained reflection from American and Continental philosophical traditions. The conclusions of the contributors vary, but taken together their essays successfully map the problems of interpreting "Darwinism."
The selfish gene
Evolution : the first four billion years
Back to Darwin : a richer account of evolution
The illustrated Origin of species
Literary Darwinism : evolution, human nature, and literature
Joseph LeConte : gentle prophet of evolution
This is biology : the science of the living world
The early history of the idea of the inheritance of acquired characters and of pangenesis
Through Malthusian specs? : a study in the philosophy of science studies, with special reference to the theory and ideology of Darwin historiography
The political gene : how Darwin's ideas changed politics
Theological and scientific commentary on Darwin's Origin of species
This wide-ranging study focuses upon the controversies surrounding the meaning and significance of Social Darwinism. It clarifies the nature of Social Darwinism and its relationship to the ideas of Darwin, Lamarck and Herbert Spencer. After examining the development of Social Darwinist theories by a number of European and American thinkers, Mike Hawkins explores the use of these theories in a number of ideological debates and movements of the period 1860â€“1945. These include socio-political reform, national and racial conflict, eugenics, the position of women and Nazism/Fascism. The aim is to illuminate, through detailed comparative analyses, both the flexibility and the limits of Social Darwinism - limits which derive from the view of nature which lies at the very heart of Social Darwinism. The study concludes with a discussion of modern sociobiology in order to assess the continuing vitality of Social Darwinism.
Can you believe in God and evolution? : a guide for the perplexed
Why evolution is true
Historica. 2
Evolution from creation to new creation : conflict, conversation, and convergence
The art of evolution : Darwin, Darwinisms, and visual culture
Religious thought in the Victorian Age : challenges and reconceptions
God, the devil, and Darwin : a critique of intelligent design theory
Selfish sounds and linguistic evolution : a Darwinian approach to language change
Darwin and Ethics : Using Natural Selection to Understand Ethical Business and Organizational Behavior
Giovanni Canestrini : zoologist and Darwinist
Evolution for everyone : how Darwin's theory can change the way we think about our lives
The blind watchmaker
Jewish tradition and the challenge of Darwinism
The ant and the peacock : altruism and sexual selection from Darwin to today
Darwin and the Beagle
The economy of nature and the evolution of sex
Evolutionary aesthetics
Climbing mount improbable
An urchin in the storm : essays about books and ideas
Philosophical Darwinism : on the origin of knowledge by means of natural selection
Beyond god : evolution and the future of religion
Saving Darwin : how to be a Christian and believe in evolution
The theory of evolution
On natural selection
In search of human nature : the decline and revival of darwinism in American social thought
Alas, poor Darwin : arguments against evolutionary psychology
No free lunch : why specified complexity cannot be purchased without intelligence
Thomas Huxley : making the "man of science"
The religion and science debate : why does it continue?
The Kingfisher book of evolution
Critique of intelligent design : materialism versus creationism from antiquity to the present
On the origin of species
Nature and Scripture in the Abrahamic religions : 1700 - present. Volume 2
Darwin's sacred cause : how a hatred of slavery shaped Darwin's views on human evolution
Darwinism in philosophy : social science and policy
This collection is an interdisciplinary edited volume that examines the circulation of Darwinian ideas in the Atlantic space as they impacted systems of Western thought and culture. Specifically, the book explores the influence of the principle tenets of Darwinism -- such as the theory of evolution, the ape-man theory of human origins, and the principle of sexual selection -- on established transatlantic intellectual traditions and cultural practices. In doing so, it pays particular attention to how Darwinism reconfigured discourses on race, gender, and sexuality in a transnational context. Covering the period from the publication of The Origin of Species (1859) to 1933, when the Nazis (National Socialist Party) took power in Germany, the essays demonstrate the dissemination of Darwinian thought in the Western world in an unprecedented commerce of ideas not seen since the Protestant Reformation. Learned societies, literary groups, lyceums, and churches among other sites for public discourse sponsored lectures on the implications of Darwin's theory of evolution for understanding the very ontological codes by which individuals ordered and made sense of their lives. Collectively, these gatherings reflected and constituted what the contributing scholars to this volume view as the discursive power of the cultural politics of Darwinism.
By design or by chance?
"Drawing on primary sources made available to scholars only after the archives of the Holy Office were unsealed in 1998, Negotiating Darwin chronicles how the Vatican reacted when six Catholics - five clerics and one layman - tried to integrate evolution and Christianity in the decades following the publication of Darwin's The Origin of Species."--BOOK JACKET.
The autobiography of Charles Darwin
Beyond design -- Darwin's dangerous idea -- Theology since Darwin -- Darwin's gift to theology -- Religion, evolution, and information -- A god for evolution -- Evolution, tragedy, and cosmic purpose -- Religion, ethics, and evolution -- Evolution, ecology, and the promise of nature -- Cosmic evolution and divine action -- Darwin and God after Dover -- Conclusion.
Darwin's influence on Freud : a tale of two sciences
The Darwinian revolution : science red in tooth and claw
Introducing evolution
The extended selfish gene
Reading Genesis after Darwin
More than Darwin : the people and places of the evolution-creationism controversy
The God delusion
Darwin's coat-tails : essays on Social Darwinism
Marx and Engels on the population bomb : selections from the writings of Marx and Engels dealing with the theories of Thomas Robert Malthus
Psychology & evolution : the origins of mind
Time to be rational : Darwin, demons, and sex
The descent of man
Evolution and creationism : a documentary and reference guide
Social Darwinism : linking evolutionary thought to social theory
God after Darwin : a theology of evolution
Evolution from molecules to men : [the conference, which Darwin college organised 27. June - 2. July, 1982]
No God, no science? : theology, cosmology, biology
God and evolution : fundamental questions of Christian evolutionism
The God gene : how faith is hardwired into our genes
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 9, Part I: Contributions to the theory of natural selection [by] Alfred Russell Wallace. Part II: On the tendency of species to form varieties [by] Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace
Nietzsche wrote in a scientific culture transformed by Darwin, yet most of what he said about Darwin was hostile. In this text, John Richardson argues that Nietzsche was in fact deeply and pervasively influenced by Darwin.
Time frames : the rethinking of Darwinian evolution and the theory of punctuated equilibria
Evangelicals embattled : responses of evangelicals in the Church of England to ritualism, Darwinism and theological liberalism 1890-1930
The structure of evolutionary theory
The idea of race
F. A. Smitt, Marine Bryozoa, and the introduction of Darwin into Sweden
Darwinism and the study of society : a centenary symposium
This book explores anew the theme of creation in Scripture, tradition, and contemporary theology. David Fergusson defends the classical account of creation out of nothing but pays more sustained attention than the Christian tradition typically has given to the holistic significance of the created world. Offering both doctrinal exposition and apologetic argument, Fergusson discusses creation in relation to the problem of evil and the fall, divine providence, deism, Darwinian evolution, environmental ethics, animal rights, and more, even touching on the topic of extraterrestrial intelligence.
Evolution and human behavior : an introduction to Darwinian anthropology
Purpose in the living world? : creation and emergent evolution
Descended from Darwin : insights into the history of evolutionary studies, 1900-1970
There is a mystery surrounding Darwin: How did this quiet, respectable gentleman, a pillar of his parish, come to embrace one of the most radical ideas in the history of human thought? Darwin risked a great deal in publishing his theory of evolution, so something very powerful--a moral fire--must have propelled him. That moral fire, argue authors Desmond and Moore, was a passionate hatred of slavery. They draw on a wealth of fresh manuscripts, correspondence, notebooks, diaries, and even ships' logs to show how Darwin's abolitionism had deep roots in his mother's family and was reinforced by his voyage on the Beagle as well as by events in America. Leading apologists for slavery in Darwin's time argued that blacks and whites were separate species, with whites created superior. Darwin believed that the races belonged to the same human family, and slavery was therefore a sin.--From publisher description.
The origin of species : by means of natural selection = The preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life
Communism and Christianism
The creator within : a theory of universal, spontaneous creativity
The Darwinian paradigm : essays on its history, philosophy, and religious implications
On the origin of species : by means of natural selection, or, The preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life
Negotiating Darwin : the Vatican confronts evolution, 1877-1902
Constructing origins : rhetorical analysis of evolutionist and creationist discourse online
The Kiwi's egg : Charles Darwin and natural selection
Darwin's Origin of species : a biography
What Darwin really said : Connected extracts from the "Origin of species"
Genetics and twentieth century darwinism
Mutual aid : a factor of evolution
Darwin's theory of natural selection : British responses 1859-1871
Darwin in Atlantic cultures : evolutionary visions of race, gender, and sexuality
Icons of evolution : science or myth? : why much of what we teach about evolution is wrong
Darwin machines and the nature of knowledge : concerning adaptations, instinct and the evolution of intelligence
Darwinian populations and natural selection
Darwin in America : the intellectual response 1865-1912
Darwinism & philosophy
Charles Darwin : the man and his influence
The influence of Darwin on philosophy and other essays in contemporary thought
River out of Eden : a darwinian view of life
Evolution and religion : a dialogue
The Dawkins letters : challenging atheist myths
Darwinism and evolutionary economics
Darwin : a life in science
Nature's witness : how evolution can inspire faith
Philosophy and religion
The greatest show on Earth : the evidence for evolution
A theory of the evolution of development
Social Darwinism in European and American thought, 1860-1945 : nature as model and nature as threat
Taking Darwin seriously : a naturalistic approach to philosophy
Despotism and differential reproduction : a Darwinian view of history
Charles Darwin. Vol. 1, Voyaging
A devil's chaplain : selected essays
Evolution : what the fossils say and why it matters
God and evolution
