http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2338 wood science
wood science
Landscape mosaic in the treeline ecotone on Mt Rodjanoaivi, Subarctic Finland
Trees : a handbook of forest-botany for the woodlands and the laboratory. Vol. 5, Form and habit
Standard nomenclature of the exportabe timbers of the Asia-Pacific region
Private label manufactoring and packing in daily consumer goods retail
Forest products and wood science : an introduction
Comparative anatomy of the woods of the Meliaceae, sub-family Swietenioideae
Trees & shrubs for English plantations : a selection and description of the most ornamental trees and shrubs, native and foreign, which will flourish in the open air in our climate, with classified lists of the several species, under the heads of size and habit, peculiarities of foliage and flowers, season of blooming, soils, situation, etc. for the purposes of practical application
Using a botanic garden collection to test a bioclimatic vegetation scheme
Product attributes and dimensions affecting consumer preferences : residential landscaping construction
Using airborne laser scanning data and digital aerial photographs to estimate growing stock by tree species
Trees and forests : a colour guide ; biology, pathology, propagation, silviculture, surgery, biomes, ecology, conservation
Modelling tree biomasses in Finland
Estimating single-tree attributes by airborne laser scanning : methods based on computational geometry of the 3-D point data
The long, long life of trees
Annotated bibliography of walnut : supplement no. 1
A comparative study of urban green area planning
Wood science prerequisites for the weight measurement of pine and spruce logs.
Dynamic variations in bark hydraulics : understanding whole tree processes and its linkage to bark hydraulic function and structure
Journal of the Institute of wood science
New England trees in winter
Corporate responsibility in Finnish forest industry SMEs : practice without preaching?
The trees of New Zealand : L. Cockayne, E. Phillips Turner
Trees and their story
Development of an eco- and material-efficient pellet production chain—a chemical study
Harvesting operations in eucalyptus plantations in Thailand
Delamination in wood, wood products and wood-based composites
Consumer preferences for wooden floors
Silvicultural decisions based on simulation-optimization systems
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 3, Social horticulture
The hidden life of trees : what they feel, how they communicate : discoveries from a secret world
The biology of reaction wood
Recognition of tree species on aerial photographs
CSR communication tools : CEO communication and social media applications in the context of forest industry
Cocoa (Theobroma cacao L.) is an economically important crop for Nicaragua. It represents a secure source of income for the farmers basically because of the high demand in the international market for the chocolate industry. In Nicaragua cocoa production is carried out on small scale farms and the most critical point in the production system is the low propagation rate obtained by asexual propagation methods. The present study aimed to evaluate cocoa propagation by somatic embryogenesis following the protocol developed at the Pennsylvania State University and to validate a reliable protocol for its conservation for long term. Induction of primary somatic embryos was carried out from petals and staminodes of unopened flower buds of the genotype Scavina-6 of two physiological ages. The best frequency on primary embryogenic callus growth was obtained by 1-2 week old petals. Secondary embryo development was done from cotyledons of primary somatic embryos of the clones LCTEEN 28/S-1 and PA 169. It was determined after incubation of the embryos in four different periods in secondary callus growth (SCG) medium. The highest number of embryogenic explants was obtained for the clone PA 169 after 8 weeks in SCG medium and 6 weeks in embryo development (ED) medium whereas, the best embryo production ratio during the time in ED medium was scored by explants of LCTEEN 28/S-1 incubated twice in SCG medium. Long term conservation was evaluated by incubating immature embryos of both clones LCTEEN 28/S-1 and PA 169 in liquid nitrogen. There was not registered survival of the embryos after the freezing treatment. However, most of the non-frozen embryos could survive and regenerate from the alginate capsules suggesting that the survival was not threatened by the sucrose concentrations used to dehydrate the embryos but most likely by the intracellular ice formation from the water content that remain in the cell after the dehydration peri
Havutukkien painomittauksen edellytyksiä puutieteelliseltä kannalta = Wood science prerequisites for the weight measurement of pine and spruce logs
The EU timber operators' perceptions of FLEGT Action Plan with focus on EUTR
Somatic embryogenesis and long term conservation of cocoa (Theobroma cacao L.) germplasm
The timber trees, timber and fancy woods, as also, the forests, of India and of eastern and southern Asia
A manual of Indian timbers : an account of the growth, distribution, and uses of the trees and shrubs of India and Ceylon with descriptions of their wood-structure
A forest classification for the maritime provinces
Regional markets for non-timber forest products in Eastern Brazilian Amazon
Perspectives of competitive position and future revival of the Finnish sawmilling industry
Wood research
Dictionary of gardening : a practical and scientific encyclopaedia of horticulture
Competitive advantage of Finnish sawmills in the Chinese wood market : a resource-based view
What determines the timberline?
Analysis of China's primary wood products market : sawnwood and plywood
Market testing in developing and launching new products : case Timber LVL
Lowland tropical hardwoods : an annotated bibliography of selected species with plantation potential
Volume three of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places analyses in depth the scientific and scholastic concepts interacting with the arts, medicine and humanities which now underpin the rapidly evolving subject of Social Horticulture. This covers: Horticulture and Society, Diet and Health, Psychological Health, Wildlife, Horticulture and Public Welfare, Education, Extension, Economics, Exports and Biosecurity, Scholarship and Art, Scholarship and Literature, Scholarship and History and the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. This volume takes the evolution of this Discipline firmly into the 21st Century. It breaks new ground by providing a detailed analysis of the value of Horticulture as a force for enhancing society in the form of human welfare, health and well-being. The authors consider how knowledge is transferred within and between generations, and the place of Horticulture in the Arts and Humanities.These studies transcend the barriers between science and the arts. Social benefits of an association with plants include reducing the potential for domestic violence, vandalism, ethnic conflict and crime by building interpersonal social relationships and networks. Two chapters examine the means by which knowledge is delivered and the wider contexts within which Horticultural Education is provided. Understanding the Economics of Horticulture is of paramount importance in justifying public and private financial provisions for the discipline. Biosecurity is not easily achieved because global travel takes new plants, microbes and animals around the world at ever increasing speed. Of particular significance in this volume are the three chapters dealing with aspects of the relationship between Horticulture and scholarship embracing art, literature and history. This is an ancient relationship where Horticultural Science unites with and demonstrates its artistic and historical credentials.Finally, there is an examination of the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. Culturally gardening has much to do with the relationship between man, plants and the human spirit. It is a truism that 'Horticulture is to English Literature as Gardening is to Theatre'. This book is a sign post for the future of Social Horticulture.
The book is an essential reference source on reaction wood for wood scientists and technologists, plant biologists, silviculturists, forest ecologists, and anyone involved in the growing of trees and the processing of wood. It brings together our current understanding of all aspects of reaction wood, and is the first book to compare and discuss both compression wood and tension wood. Trees produce reaction wood to maintain the vertical orientation of their stems and the optimum angle of each branch. They achieve this by laying down fibre cell walls in which differences in physical and chemical structure from those of normal fibres are expressed as differential stresses across the stem or branch. This process, while of obvious value for the survival of the tree, causes serious problems for the utilisation of timber. Timber derived from trees containing significant amounts of reaction wood is subject to dimensional instability on drying, causing distortion and splitting. It is also difficult to work as timber, and for the pulp and paper industry the cost of removing the increased amount of lignin in compression wood is substantial. This has both practical and economic consequences for industry. Understanding the factors controlling reaction wood formation and its effect on wood structure is therefore fundamental to our understanding of the adaptation of trees to their environment and to the sustainable use of wood.
The Lead Market Initiative for Europe : challenges and opportunities for bio-based products
The objective of this paper is to differentiate the landscape in the treeline ecotone in Subarctic Finland with an examination of its mosaic structure and functional role in treeline dynamics. Highly varying topography is a key factor controlling drainage conditions, vegetation, local climates and soils. Natural drainage classes, soil data (pH, Corg, Nt, C/N ratio, moisture) and dominant vegetation were used to characterize site conditions and to show the grouping of six representative sites along a synthetic topographical transect (model). The abrupt increase in soil moisture and pH values at the distal end of the lowest zones indicates a relatively sharp and ecologically important limit between well drained sites (ridge tops, upper valley side, interfluves) and valleys with both poorly and very poorly drained sites. Remains of birch wood in wind-scarps, hummocks and peaty layers give evidence of former open birch forest in present treeless sites. Forest decline has enforced the contrasts in site conditions between windswept and snow accumulating topography. The landscape mosaic and resultant site conditions are strongly influencing treeline dynamics and consequently, the landscape mosaic needs to be carefully considered when discussing the possible effects of the changing climate in the treeline ecotone.
Dielectric properties of wood and wood-based materials
The role of selected non-timber forest products for rural areas in Laos : case studies in Ban Napo and Ban Kouay communities
CSR in forest industry : case study of reporting and implementation of social responsibility in tree international companies
Optimization of VIGS and functional analysis of Gerbera hybrida TCP genes in Calendula officinalis
Contract manufacturing and private label manufacturing in food industry : case: global cereal manufacturing
The pine trees of Europe : with detailed notices of the natural history, culture, and exploitation, of the Pinus silvestris in Spain, France, Germany, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, and Russia
The effect of light quality on tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L. cv ʻEfialtoʼ) growth and drought tolerance
Trees in Britain : an illustrated guide
Flowers of the Pacific : frowering trees,shrubs, vines in full color
Developing laser scanning applications for mapping and monitoring single tree characteristics for the needs of urban forestry
Locational determinants and equity-based entry mode choice in the forest sector : the case of China
The cultivated conifers in North America : comprising the pine family and the taxads; successor to The cultivated evergreens
Wood characteristics : description, causes, prevention, impact on use and technological adaptation
Magazine paper consumption in different socio-economic environments : case: emerging markets
Emerging bioenergy business at Finnish independent industrial sawmills
Biochemistry and molecular biology of wood
Trees : a handbook of forest-botany for the woodlands and the laboratory. Vol. 3, Flowers and inflorescences
Both the northern (latitudinal) and the upper (altitudinal) timberlines are phytogeographic transitions between the forested boreal vegetation zone and treeless areas. These two timberlines, which intermingle in northern Fennoscandia, are mainly controlled by the cold climate, although other natural and anthropogenic factors are of noticeable importance at least locally. The roles of the various controlling factors are discussed in this article. The timberline and tree line in northern Finland are usually formed by the mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa), which extends further than the Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) or the Norway spruce (Picea abies). The northern coniferous timberline in Finland follows approximately an isoline that represents an effective temperature sum of 600 degree days. Hazardous events also regulate the growth and occurrence of trees in addition to average conditions. Trees growing at the timberline have adapted themselves in many ways to the prevailing harsh circumstances. Pollen research and megafossil analyses (such as tree ring studies) show that the timberline has moved and its tree species composition has changed, primarily due to climatic fluctuations. This is one clear indication that the timberline is a dynamic 'combat zone'.
The redwoods
Anatomical study of the woods of the philippine mangrove swamps
Detection of protein-protein interactions in planta by BiFC and split luciferase assays
The cultivation of Mexican pines in the Union of South Africa, with notes on the species and their original habitat
Trees : a handbook of forest-botany for the woodlands and the laboratory. Vol. 1, Buds and twigs
Fracture and fatigue in wood
Gene silencing induced by RNA1 16K gene mutants of Tobacco rattle virus on Nicotiana benthamiana
The pines and firs of Japan
Trees : a handbook of forest-botany for the woodlands and the laboratory. Vol. 4, Fruits
Corporate responsibility reporting of the largest forest industry companies in North America
Possibilities to use automatic and manual timing in time studies on harvester operations
Trees : a handbook of forest-botany for the woodlands and the laboratory. Vol. 2, Leaves
The European market of MG kraft paper for PE-coating
Finnish and Austrian wood markets in a changing environment
Utilization of modified wood shavings as growing media for selected horticultural crops
The woody plants of Ohio
Journal of fruit and ornamental plant research
Effects of environmental and internal factors of trees and timber treatment on colour of dried birch (Betula pendula) wood
The care of ornamental trees in planting, fertilizing, pruning, tree surgery, and spraying
Sustainability, communication and corporate image building : case Rethink campaign
