http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23349 complexity theory
complexity theory
Book of extremes : why the 21st century isn't like the 20th century
Complexity and collaboration in creative group work
Finite model theory
Computable analysis : an introduction
Complexity theory for a sustainable future
A Case Study: An Analysis of a Finnish Construction Site Meeting Through the Lens of Chaos and Control Theories
Complexity theory and the politics of education
The Complexity Advantage : how the science of complexity can help your business achieve peak performance
A new kind of science
Descriptive complexity
Chaos and complexity in psychology : the theory of nonlinear dynamical systems
Global complexity
Edgeware : insights from complexity science for health care leaders
Chaos, complexity, and sociology : myths, models, and theories
On state and parameter estimation in chaotic systems
The edge of organization : chaos and complexity theories of formal social systems
Social self-organization : agent-based simulations and experiments to study emergent social behavior
Complexity theory and project management
Corporate governance and complexity theory
Seven life lessons of chaos : spiritual wisdom from the science of change
Complex systems : chaos and beyond : a constructive approach with applications in life sciences
Automata, languages and programming : 28th international colloquium, ICALP 2001, Crete, Greece, July 8-12, 2001 : proceedings
Theory of computing : a gentle introduction
The collapse of chaos : discovering simplicity in a complex world
The economy as an evolving complex system II
How nature speaks : the dynamics of the human ecological condition
Qualitative complexity : ecology, cognitive processes and the re-emergence of structures in post-humanist social theory
Concise guide to computation theory
Evolution and economic complexity
Complex systems leadership theory : new perspectives from complexity science on social and organizational effectiveness
Complex and adaptive dynamical systems : a primer
What are the principles that keep our society together? This question is even more difficult to answer than the long-standing question, what are the forces that keep our world together. However, the social challenges of humanity in the 21st century ranging from the financial crises to the impacts of globalization, require us to make fast progress in our understanding of how society works, and how our future can be managed in a resilient and sustainable way. This book can present only a few very first steps towards this ambitious goal. However, based on simple models of social interactions, one can already gain some surprising insights into the social, "macro-level" outcomes and dynamics that is implied by individual, "micro-level" interactions. Depending on the nature of these interactions, they may imply the spontaneous formation of social conventions or the birth of social cooperation, but also their sudden breakdown. This can end in deadly crowd disasters or tragedies of the commons (such as financial crises or environmental destruction). Furthermore, we demonstrate that classical modeling approaches (such as representative agent models) do not provide a sufficient understanding of the self-organization in social systems resulting from individual interactions. The consideration of randomness, spatial or network interdependencies, and nonlinear feedback effects turns out to be crucial to get fundamental insights into how social patterns and dynamics emerge. Given the explanation of sometimes counter-intuitive phenomena resulting from these features and their combination, our evolutionary modeling approach appears to be powerful and insightful. The chapters of this book range from a discussion of the modeling strategy for socio-economic systems over experimental issues up the right way of doing agent-based modeling. We furthermore discuss applications ranging from pedestrian and crowd dynamics over opinion formation, coordination, and cooperation up to^
Grammar & complexity : language at the interface of competence and performance
Dealing with complexity : an introduction to the theory and application of systems science
The interactional instinct : the evolution and acquisition of language
Antifragile : things that gain from disorder
"This book is the outcome of a discussion meeting of leading scholars and critical thinkers with expertise in complex systems sciences and leaders from a variety of organizations sponsored by the Prigogine Center at The University of Texas at Austin and the Plexus Institute to explore strategies for understanding uncertainty and surprise. The book is intended for researchers and scientists in complexity science as well as for a broad interdisciplinary audience of both practitioners and scholars. It will well serve those interested in the research issues and in the application of complexity science to physical and social systems."--BOOK JACKET.
Thinking in complexity : the complex dynamics of matter, mind, and mankind
Complexity and organization : readings and conversations
The art of interconnected thinking : ideas and tools for a new approach to tackling complexity
Complexity and management : fad or radical challenge to systems thinking?
Complexity theory and the social sciences : the state of the art
Surfing the edge of chaos : the laws of nature and the new laws of business
Basics of artistic research : ontological, epistemological and historical justifications
The soul at work : unleashing the power of complexity science for business success
Complexity and real computation
Bigger than chaos : understanding complexity through probability
Regular functions of a quaternionic variable
The modern world is complex beyond human understanding and control. The science of complex systems aims to find new ways of thinking about the many interconnected networks of interaction that defy traditional approaches. Thus far, research into networks has largely been restricted to pairwise relationships represented by links between two nodes. This volume marks a major extension of networks to multidimensional hypernetworks for modeling multi-element relationships, such as companies making up the stock market, the neighborhoods forming a city, people making up committees, divisions making up companies, computers making up the internet, men and machines making up armies, or robots working as teams. This volume makes an important contribution to the science of complex systems by: (i) extending network theory to include dynamic relationships between many elements; (ii) providing a mathematical theory able to integrate multilevel dynamics in a coherent way; (iii) providing a new methodological approach to analyze complex systems; and (iv) illustrating the theory with practical examples in the design, management and control of complex systems taken from many areas of application.
Strategic management and organisational dynamics : the challenge of complexity to ways of thinking about organisations
Every cloud has a silver lining shaped as a bullet : problematizing the common towards a new synthesis
Emergence : from chaos to order : John H. Holland
Function theory of one complex variable
Principles of human evolution : a core textbook
Complexity theory and the philosophy of education
Introduction to automata theory, languages, and computation
"Examples of Antifragility: When you stress your body by lifting a big weight, your body gets stronger. New York has the best restaurants in the world because particular restaurants are always going bust, making the aggregate stronger and stronger, or antifragile. Evolution is antifragile. Certain business and investment strategies are antifragile. Older things tend to be more antifragile than newer ones - because they've been exposed to more Black Swans"--
Nonlinear dynamics : techniques and applications in psychology
At home in the universe : the search for laws of self-organization and complexity
Simplexity : the simple rules of a complex world
Introduction to the theory of computation
Creating a framework for improving the learnability of a complex system
Tempos in science and nature: structures, relations, and complexity
Computational complexity : a conceptual perspective
P, NP, and NP-completeness : the basics of computational complexity
Complexity theory : exploring the limits of efficient algorithms
A case study : an analysis of a Finnish construction site meeting through the lens of chaos and control theories
Philosophy of biology : a contemporary introduction
Computing and combinatorics : 7th annual international conference, COCOON 2001, Guilin, China, August 20-23, 2001 : proceedings
The ecocritical psyche : literature, evolutionary complexity and Jung
Complexity science and social entrepreneurship : adding social value through systems thinking
Deep simplicity : bringing order to chaos and complexity
Complexity explained
Complexity : life at the edge of chaos
Applications of automata theory and algebra : via the mathematical theory of complexity to biology, physics, psychology, philosophy, and games
Abstract: A case study :  an analysis of a Finnish construction site meeting through the lens of chaos and control theories. The purpose of the dissertation is to examine and analyse a Finnish construction site meeting through the lens of chaos and control theories and to determine why the construction site meeting did not work out well and how to solve the issues aroused in the meeting. As construction site meetings play a key role in the communication and integration between all crucial participants of construction site meetings, this study will contribute in understanding the meetings better and the nature of chaos and control in construction site meetings and how to make the construction site meetings more efficient. A qualitative analysis of a confidential Finnish construction site meeting was conducted and a critical review of chaos and control theories was carried out. Some chaotic aspects can be seen in the case study as the degree of control is fairly low making the meeting inefficient and long lacking of direction. In this case there is a need for control in construction site meetings because a higher degree of control instead of chaos in this construction site meeting will make the meetings more efficient whereas low level of control only lead to long discussions instead of innovation and creativity. However, as chaos and control theories have been applied only to this one particular case study the findings cannot be generalized into meetings. The end result of construction site meetings might also be dependent of the group dynamics, culture and background of the participants and therefore they need to be examined more.
Algorithmic adventures : from knowledge to magic
Uncertainty and surprise in complex systems : questions on working with the unexpected
War, chaos, and history
On the edge : nursing in the age of complexity
This book explains why complex systems research is important in understanding the structure, function and dynamics of complex natural and social phenomena. It illuminates how complex collective behavior emerges from the parts of a system, due to the interaction between the system and its environment. Readers will learn the basic concepts and methods of complex system research. The book is not highly technical mathematically, but teaches and uses the basic mathematical notions of dynamical system theory, making the book useful for students of science majors and graduate courses.
Numbers, information and complexity
Number theoretic methods in cryptography : complexity lower bounds
Drift into failure : from hunting broken components to understanding complex systems
For the past two decades, 'complexity' has informed a range of work across the social sciences. There are diverse schools of complexity thinking, and authors have used these ideas in a multiplicity of ways, from health inequalities to the organization of large scale firms. Some understand complexity as emergence from the rule-based interactions of simple agents and explore it through agent-based modelling. Others argue against such 'restricted complexity' and for the development of case-based narratives deploying a much wider set of approaches and techniques. Major social theorists have been reinterpreted through a complexity lens and the whole methodological programme of the social sciences has been recast in complexity terms.
Complexity and co-evolution : continuity and change in socio-economic systems
Strategic management and organisational dynamics : the challenge of complexity
Complexity theory and the social sciences : an introduction
Systems thinking : managing chaos and complexity : a platform for designing business architecture
The origin of wealth : evolution, complexity, and the radical remaking of economics
Language and material culture
What makes the 21st century different from the 20th century? This century is the century of extremes -- political, economic, social, and global black-swan events happening with increasing frequency and severity. Book of Extremes is a tour of the current reality as seen through the lens of complexity theory - the only theory capable of explaining why the Arab Spring happened and why it will happen again; why social networks in the virtual world behave like flashmobs in the physical world; why financial bubbles blow up in our faces and will grow and burst again; why the rich get richer and will continue to get richer regardless of governmental policies; why the future of economic wealth and national power lies in comparative advantage and global trade; why natural disasters will continue to get bigger and happen more frequently; and why the Internet - invented by the US -- is headed for a global monopoly controlled by a non-US corporation. It is also about the extreme innovations and heroic innovators yet to be discovered and recognized over the next 100 years.Complexity theory combines the predictable with the unpredictable. It assumes a nonlinear world of long-tailed distributions instead of the classical linear world of normal distributions. In the complex 21st century, almost nothing is linear or normal. Instead, the world is highly connected, conditional, nonlinear, fractal, and punctuated. Life in the 21st century is a long-tailed random walk - Levy walks -- through extreme events of unprecedented impact. It is an exciting time to be alive.
Languages and machines : an introduction to the theory of computer science
Hypernetworks in the science of complex systems
Machines, computations, and universality : third international conference, MCU 2001, Chişinǎu, Moldova, May 23-27, 2001 : proceedings
Introduction to the theory of complexity
conflict, and also address the response to information, issues of systemic risks in society and economics, and new approaches to manage complexity in socio-economic systems.
"The acclaimed author of the influential bestseller The Black Swan, Nicholas Nassim Taleb takes a next big step with a deceptively simple concept: the "antifragile." Like the Greek hydra that grows two heads for each one it loses, people, systems, and institutions that are antifragile not only withstand shocks, they benefit from them. In a modern world dominated by chaos and uncertainty, Antifragile is a revolutionary vision from one of the most subversive and important thinkers of our time. Praise for Nicholas Nassim Taleb "[This] is the lesson of Taleb. and also the lesson of our volatile times. There is more courage and heroism in defying the human impulse, in taking the purposeful and painful steps to prepare for the unimaginable."--Malcolm Gladwell, author of The Tipping Point "[Taleb writes] in a style that owes as much to Stephen Colbert as it does to Michel de Montaigne."--The Wall Street Journal "The most prophetic voice of all. [Taleb is] a genuinely significant philosopher. someone who is able to change the way we view the structure of the world through the strength, originality and veracity of his ideas alone."--GQ "Changed my view of how the world works."--Daniel Kahneman, Nobel laureate"--
Introduction to the physics of complex systems : the mesoscopic approach to fluctuations, non linearity and self-organization
Complexity and the human experience : modeling complexity in the humanities and social sciences
