http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23334 kinaesthesia
kinaesthesia
The kinesthetic classroom : teaching and learning through movement
Computational neuroscience of vision
Ideokinesis : a creative approach to human movement & body alignment
Rhythmic subjects : use of energy in the dances of Mary Wigman, Martha Graham and Merce Cunningham
Engaging bodies : the politics and poetics of corporeality
Enaction : toward a new paradigm for cognitive science
Sensation and perception
"Exploring technological practices in postmodern dance" : Hunt by Tero Saarinen company
Minds in motion : a kinesthetic approach to teaching elementary curriculum
Haptices and haptemes : a case study of developmental process in social-haptic communication of acquired deafblind people
Methods to analyze visual attention strategies : applications in the studies of programming
A study of the effect of hand signs in the development of sight singing skills
Agency and embodiment : performing gestures/producing culture
This book is a translated version of her PhD, rewritten to make it accessible for worldwide publication. It documents the 16-years of practical research which underlies these new methods. Haptices and Haptemes is a part of the Social-Haptic Communication philosophy which explores how the humanistic qualities of touch can be applied to different client groups. This includes people who need to develop touch-based communication methods in healthcare and educational settings. It recognises the importance of body language and environmental information in a visual context, allowing greater interactive process between clients and their families in an expanding community.
Museum movement techniques : how to craft a moving museum experience / Shelley Kruger Weisberg
Abstract: Haptices and haptemes : a case study of developmental process in touch-based communication of acquired deafblind people.
Perception
What do we feel when we watch dancing? Do we 'dance along' inwardly? Do we sense what the dancer's body is feeling? Do we imagine what it might feel like to perform those same moves? If we do, how do these responses influence how we experience dancing and how we derive significance from it? "Choreographing Empathy" challenges the idea of a direct psychphysical connection between the body of a dancer and that of their observer. In this groundbreaking investigation, Susan Foster argues that the connection is in fact highly mediated and influenced by ever-changing sociocultural mores. With the term 'choreography' now being employed to describe troop movements in Iraq, the management of boardroom discussions and even the co-ordination of traffic lights, this is a reconception with ramifications not just for dance studies but for performance studies as a whole. Foster traces the changing definitions of choreography, kinesthesia and empathy from the 1700s to the present day, showing how the observation, study and discussion of dance has developed through time. Understanding this development is key to understanding physicality and the body politic.
Parables for the virtual : movement, affect, sensation
Teaching dancing with ideokinetic principles
Progress in Motor Control : Skill Learning, Performance, Health, and Injury
Dance and somatics : mind-body principles of teaching and performance
Dance imagery for technique and performance
Conditioning for dancers
Material of movement and thought : refelctions on the dancers's practice and corporeality
Kinesthetic empathy in creative and cultural practices
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 2, Vision II
The effect of compression socks on balance skills : randomized controlled trial
Body mapping for flutists : what every flute player needs to know about the body
The articles in this volume have grown out of a research project on the dancer and the creative process, gathering both professional dancers and theoreticians. A number of issues are explored: How does the dancer work in the process where the dance takes shape? How does the understanding of a movement material shift through the performing of it? What is it to experience a movement from the perspective of the spectator? Through what concepts are we to think the dancer's practice and corporeality? Essays by Cecilia Roos, Anna Petronella Foultier, Chrysa Parkinson, Katarina Elam, Cecilia Sjöholm and Irene Hultman.
Touching and being touched : kinesthesia and empathy in dance and movement
A kinesthetic legacy : the life and works of Barbara Clark
BPS Manual of psychology practicals : Experiment, Observation and Correlation
Experiential marketing : how to get customers to sense, feel, think, act and relate to your company and brands
The place of dance : a somatic guide to dancing and dance making
Through you : a story about the evolution of a continuous practice
Proprioception and neuromuscular control in joint stability
In examining ideokinesis and its application to the teaching and practice of dancing, Drid Williams introduces readers to the work of Dr. Lulu Sweigard (1895–1974), a pioneer of ideokinetic principles. Drawing on her experiences during private instructional sessions with Sweigard over a two-year span, Williams discusses methods using imagery for improving body posture and alignment for ease of movement. Central to Williams's own teaching methods is the application of Sweigard's principles and general anatomical instruction, including how she used visual imagery to help prevent bodily injuries and increasing body awareness relative to movement. Williams also emphasizes the differences between kinesthetic (internal) and mirror (external) imagery and shares reactions from professional dancers who were taught using ideokinesis. Williams's account of teaching and practicing ideokinesis is supplemented with essays by Sweigard, William James, and Jean-Georges Noverre on dancing, posture, and habits. Teaching Dancing with Ideokinetic Principles offers an important historical perspective and valuable insights from years of teaching experience into how ideokinesis can shape a larger philosophy of the dance.
For twenty-five years, Ann Cooper Albright has been exploring the intersection of cultural representation and somatic identity in dance. For Albright, dancing is a physical inquiry, a way of experiencing and participating in the world, and her writing reflects an interdisciplinary approach to seeing and thinking about dance. In her engagement as both a dancer and a scholar, Albright draws on her kinesthetic sensibilities as well as her intellectual knowledge to articulate how movement creates meaning. Throughout Engaging Bodies movement and ideas lean on one another to produce a critical theory anchored in the material reality of dancing bodies. This blend of cultural theory and personal circumstance will be useful and inspiring for emerging scholars and dancers looking for a model of writing about dance that thrives on the interconnectedness of watching and doing, gesture and thought.
Dimensions of the meal : the science, culture, business, and art of eating
English summaries.
Choreographing empathy : kinesthesia in performance
Mabel Elsworth Todd pioneered ideokinesis in the 1920s. Her book, The Thinking Body, described new ways to use all the senses as well as inner feeling and imagination to retrain the body to move with ease and balance. The system became an invaluable tool for generations of dancers, actors, and performance artists, thanks largely to one of its most important teachers, Andre Bernard (1924-2003). This book presents an introduction to the practice as well as a lengthy interview with Bernard and two meticulously detailed workshop protocols illustrated with 52 photographs and line drawings.
Touch is a fundamental element of dance. The (time) forms and contact zones of touch are means of expression both of self-reflexivity and the interaction of the dancers. Liberties and limits, creative possibilities and taboos of touch convey insights into the 'aisthesis' of the different forms of dance: into their dynamics and communicative structure, as well as into the production and regulation of affects. Touching and Being Touched assembles seventeen interdisciplinary papers focusing on the question of how forms and practices of touch are connected with the evocation of feelings. Are these feelings evoked in different ways in tango, Contact improvisation, European and Japanese contemporary dance? The contributors to this volume (dance, literature, and film scholars as well as philosophers and neuroscientists) provide in-depth discussions of the modes of transfer between touch and being touched. Drawing on the assumptions of various theories of body, emotion, and senses, how can we interpret the processes of tactile touch and of being touched emotionally? Is there a specific spectrum of emotions activated during these processes (within both the spectator and the dancer)? How can the relationship of movement, touch, and emotion be analyzed in relation to kinesthesia and empathy?
Ideokinesis & creative body alignment : the work of André Bernard
Programed music reading games for first-grade utilizing certain principles of Dalcroze, Kodály, and Orff
Hearing gestures : vocalisations as embodied projections of intentionality in designing non-speech sounds for communicative functions
Understanding Fukushima : designing for an embodied interaction with citizen science data
Eye movements during reading and discourse processing
Otolith function in spatial orientation and movement
This book presents the framework for a new, comprehensive approach to cognitive science. The proposed paradigm, enaction, offers an alternative to cognitive science's classical, first-generation Computational Theory of Mind (CTM). Enaction, first articulated by Varela, Thompson, and Rosch in The Embodied Mind (MIT Press, 1991), breaks from CTM's formalisms of information processing and symbolic representations to view cognition as grounded in the sensorimotor dynamics of the interactions between a living organism and its environment. A living organism enacts the world it lives in; its embodied action in the world constitutes its perception and thereby grounds its cognition. Enaction offers a range of perspectives on this exciting new approach to embodied cognitive science. Some chapters offer manifestos for the enaction paradigm; others address specific areas of research, including artificial intelligence, developmental psychology, neuroscience, language, phenomenology, and culture and cognition. Three themes emerge as testimony to the originality and specificity of enaction as a paradigm: the relation between first-person lived experience and third-person natural science; the ambition to provide an encompassing framework applicable at levels from the cell to society; and the difficulties of reflexivity. Taken together, the chapters offer nothing less than the framework for a far-reaching renewal of cognitive science.
