http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2339 technology (information)
technology (information)
Future prospects of sustainable development : towards the year 2030 in Finland
Technology from Finland
Supporting service innovation via evaluation : a future oriented, systemic and multi-actor approach
Design and technology in context
Technology shocks and employment in open economics
Encyclopedia of computer science and technology
When old technologies were new : thinking about electric communication in the late nineteenth century
Handbook of research on teacher education in the digital age
Orality and literacy : the technologizing of the word
Interaction design in the post-PC era : Using tablet devices
Facing the technological challenge : a review of ILO activities on technology since the United Nations conference on science and technology for development (Vienna, 1979)
America by design : science, technology, and the rise of corporate capitalism
Health in Prospect - High-tech Medicine, Life Enhancement and the Economy of Hope
Serious games analytics
Evaluation of the CaringTV Project at Armila Hospital -Professionals' Point of View
Art and technology
Technology strategy and business performance
Using technology to align the needs of corporate travel managers with the functions of travel management companies
Tanzania Telecommunication Company Limited as a Mobile Service Provider
Springer handbook of nanotechnology
Social constraints on technological progress
Spintronics : from a successful past towards a bright future
Using sustainable technology to upgrade sanitation : case study: Soweto East, Kibera
Redesign an American PTV Go-Kart with Available Metric Components.
Technological research for a better future : the 4th Research Forum of Changzhou University and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Web 2.0 technologies and applications
Ethics and technology
Travel connections : tourism, technology, and togetherness in a mobile world
International Conference and British-Israeli Workshop on Greenhouse Technologies
A critique of "appropriate" technology for underdeveloped countries
Recent applications in bioprocess engineering : Hämeenlinna, Finland 2005 : [proceedings]
Modern romance
Technology and structural change : productivity in the Finnish manufacturing industries, 1925-2000
Macrodynamics of technological change : market penetration by new technologies
Gaps in technology : scientific instruments
This paper examines an economic union where oligopolistic firms produce by skilled and unskilled labor and do R&D by skilled labor. The planner of the union accepts new members to the union, deregulates the product market through anti-trust policy and regulates the labor market through a minimum wage for unskilled labor. Firms and workers lobby the planner for prospective policy. It is shown that in the political equilibrium small unions apply product market deregulation, but large unions labor market deregulation. When an economic union grows, it will replace regulation by deregulation in the labor market.
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Integration, regulation, lobbying by firms and workers and technological change
Effect of enjoyment on attitude and on behavioral intention to use mobile applications when technology use is mandatory
Estimation of Scots pine defoliation by the Common pine sawfly (Diprion pini L.) using multi-temporal radar data
In this article, high-tech medicine is approached as life enhancement technology. Today, the most advanced medical technology operates on the level of cells and molecules, thus opening unprecedented prospects not only for curing and preventing illness but also for shaping of life itself. Thus, high-tech medicine seems to offer more efficient means to remove the restrictions of physical abilities and to improve and 'repair' vital processes. It promises to enhance life. The essay focuses on two aspects of this development. The first issue analysed is the tendency in high-tech medicine to connect medical progress to augmentation of personal choices on health and life improvement. Further, also the economical side is discussed by focusing on the role the patients' activism in high-tech medical business. The argument of the essay is the following: the power to raise hopes for new cures and better life in people is a crucial characteristic of today's high-tech medicine. Consequently, it is the people living in such a hope who provides uel for both technological progress and profitseeking in today's medicine.
Three perspectives on the evolving electric vehicles innovation network of Finland
Science studies : an interdisciplinary journal for science and technology studies
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Developing technology education : in search of curriculum elements for Finnish general education schools
Philosophy of technology
The Journal of urban technology
HFST tool for morphology: An efficient open-source package for construction of morphological analyzers
The tragedy of technology : human liberation versus domination in the late Twentieth Century
A short history of technology : from the earliest times to A.D. 1900
Is it really gender? : an empirical investigation into gender effects in technology adoption through the examination of individual differences
Questioning the Finnish model - forms of public engagement in building the Finnish information society
The power of the machine : the impact of technology from 1700 to the present
Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) Technology in Marketing Communication
Using interactive technology to implement activities which promote social, physical and cognitive wellbeing in senior citizens.
Keio Engineering Reports
In context : history and the history of technology : essays in honor of Melvin Kranzberg
Current status and upcoming needs in SME's in Northern regions of Finland, Norway and Sweden : technologies, personnel, market and ICT in the business process
Combination of biological and physico-chemical factors in the development of manure nutrient recovery and recycling-oriented technology
The lever of riches : technological creativity and economic progress
Releasing upper Lapland : Martin Heidegger and the question concerning nature
University libraries and space in the digital world
From the special issue editors
Emission policy in an economic union with poisson technological change
Technology education and non-scientific technological knowledge
In the spirit of Uno Cygnaeus : pedagogical questions of today and tomorrow
"This book makes a step toward an improved understanding of existing literature, prevalent practice and future trends related to community thinking, virtual practices and their intertwining with new technologies and social media"
Technology and feminism
Summary (s. 8).
Developing a Framework for the Implementation and Development of a Digital Customer interface for the Case Company X.
What's in a location? : science parks and the support of new technology-based firms
Pharmaceutical powder compaction technology
Better Life with Energy and Intelligence Technology : The Third Research Forum of Changzhou University and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
America's struggle for leadership in technology
Evolution of project management methods and implementation of new technologies in companies and start-ups to disrupt markets
Learning theory and online technologies
Smart homes : design, implementation and issues
Technology, society and the school curriculum : practice and theory in Europe
Proceedings of the Fujihara Memorial Faculty of Engineering
Technologies of power : essays in honor of Thomas Parke Hughes and Agatha Chipley Hughes
Towards understanding powder behavior via simulation
The role of ICT in the value co-creation process
Machina ex dea : feminist perspectives on technology
Integrated Multichannel Customer Service Plan For Stark
Biopolitical screens : image, power, and the neoliberal brain
Near Field Communication Tag Management System: TagMan case study
Future challenges in professional kitchens II : reports of seminar presentations
Fuel flexible energy generation : solid, liquid and gaseous fuels
Finding information in science, technology and medicine
The processes of technological innovation
Offers readers a how-to guide for harnessing the power of exponential technologies, moonshot thinking, and crowd-powered tools to create wealth while also positively impacting the lives of billions.
The life and work of Sir William Fairbairn : a case study in the history of the engineering profession in 19th century Britain
"Learning Theory and Online Technology offers a powerful overview of the current state of e-learning, a foundation of its historical roots and growth, and a framework for distinguishing among the major approaches to e-learning. It effectively addresses pedagogy (how to design an effective online environment for learning), evaluation (how to know that students are learning), and history (how past research can guide successful online teaching and learning outcomes). An ideal textbook for Educational Technology Masters, PhD, and Certificate programs, readers will find Learning Theory and Online Technology provides a synthesis of the key advances in e-learning theory, the key frameworks of research, and clearly links theory and research to successful learning practice".
Mesoporous silica- and silicon-based materials as carriers for poorly water soluble drugs
Traditional classrooms are fast becoming a minority in the education field. As technologies continue to develop as a pervasive aspect of modern society, educators must be trained to meet the demands and opportunities afforded by this technology-rich landscape. The Handbook of Research on Teacher Education in the Digital Ag e focuses on the needs of teachers as they redesign their curricula and lessons to incorporate new technological tools. Including theoretical frameworks, empirical research, and best practices, this book serves as a guide for researchers, educators, and faculty and professional developers of distance learning tools.
Yearbook 2003 : of the Institute for advanced studies on science, technology and society
Technology diffusion and the lifetimes of paper machines
Monopoly union outcomes with endogenous technological change
Dawsonera: "Computers play a crucial role in our day-to-day lives. With more than 150 black-and-white photographs and illustrations, "Encyclopedia of Computer Science and Technology, Revised Edition" provides a detailed examination of this fascinating field for students and general readers alike. This necessary update boasts more than 50 - per cent new material - a total of more than 550 updated entries, nearly 200 new to this edition, that reflect current information. Helpful appendixes include a chronology of significant events in computing, a listing of achievements in the field, and brief descriptions and contact information for some important organizations in the computer field. Major corporations and organizations in the computer field are now covered, as well as many new biographies. Further reading sections have been revised and expanded with the latest resources".
Economic integration, lobbying by firms and workers and technological change
The proliferation of technology has affected all aspects of human life, yet the continuing possibilities of their effects on education have yet to be fully explored. When viewed separately, one may believe that only paltry solutions can be wrought from online and web-based education; however, when applied and studied in a dynamic, interactive sense, these advancements may alter the very notion of learning and education. Revolutionizing Education through Web-Based Instruction is a comprehensive, multi-disciplinary exploration of the emerging digital opportunities available to educators. This book presents contemporary theoretical frameworks as well as practical research findings that support the use of these new computer-assisted teaching techniques. The myriad of research-based topics featured in this book allow for a thorough, diverse discussion about education, technology, and the intersection therein. This title is an invaluable resource for instructors, students of education, and researchers and professionals in the fields of knowledge management.
The use of technology in music and education can no longer be described as a recent development. Music learners actively engage with technology in their music making, regardless of the opportunities afforded to them in formal settings. This volume draws together critical perspectives in three overarching areas in which technology is used to support music education: music production; game technology; musical creation, experience and understanding. The fourteen chapters reflect the emerging field of the study of technology in music from a pedagogical perspective. Contributions come not only from music pedagogues but also from musicologists, composers and performers working at the forefront of the domain. The authors examine pedagogical practice in the recording studio, how game technology relates to musical creation and expression, the use of technology to create and assess musical compositions, and how technology can foster learning within the field of Special Educational Needs (SEN). In addition, the use of technology in musical performance is examined, with a particular focus on the current trends and the ways it might be reshaped for use within performance practice.
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
Covers all the major options from native development to web application development -- Discusses major third party platform development acceleration tools, such as Appcelerator and PhoneGap -- Zeroes in on topics such as developing applications for Android, IOS, Windows Phone 7 and Blackberry.
Microelectronics and informatics technology and their training implications in firms
Impact of technology on society : a documentation of current research
Handbook on the acquisition of technology by developing countries
Collaboration in Discontinuous Innovation in the Construction Industry
Homo deus : a brief history of tomorrow
Simultaneous engineering : the management guide
Tough crowd : consumer acceptance of equity crowdfunding platforms
Embodied music cognition and mediation technology
From sensors to reasons : fluidized bed spray granulation process monitoring by acoustic emission
Technology in the ancient world
Technological Research for a Better Future : The 4th Research Forum between Changzhou University and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Biohacking and citizen engagement with science and technology
Learnability makes things click : a grounded theory approach to the software product evaluation
The civilized engineer. Samuel C. Florman
Information Technologies for Epigraphy and Cultural Heritage : Proceedings of the First EAGLE International Conference
Tips for time travelers
The diffusion of process innovations
The emergence and institutionalisation of technology assessment in Finland
User perceptions on the privacy of health information
The political economy of science and technology
Digital printing start-up guide
Chinese firms and technology in the reform era
"The damming of Bujagali Falls, located only 8 kilometers north of the historic source of the White Nile or the outlet of Lake Victoria, has been seen as one of the most controversial dams in modern times. In 2012, the dam was eventually inaugurated after years of anti-dam opposition and delays. A unique aspect of the controversies was the river spirit Budhagaali living in the falls blocking the dam and opposing the destruction of the waterfalls. This spirits embodies a particular healer - Jaja Bujagali, but he was bypassed by another healer who conducted no less than three grandiose appeasement and relocation ceremonies for the Budhagaali spirit clearing the way for the dam. Why has this particular dam been so controversial? How can a water spirit block a nearly billion dollar dam? What was the ritual drama behind the construction of the dam and is it possible to move a spirit? And what happened to Budhagaali and the indigenous religion after the falls were flooded and can a river spirit be drowned in its own element - water?" --Provided by publisher.
Social carriers of technology for development
Technology, e-learning and distance education
The Product Authentication Application Design Based on NFC
Mastering technology : engineering services firms in developing countries
Technology and responsibility
Use intention of SaaS employee advocacy platform : case SmarpShare
Technology in schools : a reader
ESOMAR/JMA/ARF Conference on: "Triad 2000: marketing and research towards the millennium", New York, 11th-14th June 1995
Technology assessment : review and implications for developing countries
Virtual community practices and social interactive media : technology lifecycle and workflow analysis
Programming and testing of storage conveyor in a virtual
A punctuated-equilibrium model of technology diffusion
Expanding expertise in science and technology decision making
HighTech Finland
Internationalization and Networking for Finnish Cleantech Companies
The existential pleasures of engineering
Innovation playbook : a revolution in business excellence
Understanding technology
Mobile CRM in industrial firms : salespeople's intention to adopt mobile solutions
Grass overseeding effects to the growth and profitability assessment of grass rolling.
International technology transfer and catch-up in economic development
"Media are your windows to the world" : teachers' perspectives on the use of media and ICT in foreign language teaching
Towards technological literacy
Appropriate Institutions and Economic Growth : one size fits no-one
From molecules and crystals to solid dosage forms : supramolecular approach to understanding properties and performance of pharmaceutical materials
Chinese windpower business
Participation in technological change
The book addresses issues towards the design and development of Wireless Sensor Network based Smart Home and fusion of Real-Time Data for Wellness Determination of an elderly person living alone in a Smart Home. The fundamentals of selection of sensor, fusion of sensor data, system design, modelling, characterizations, experimental investigations and analyses have been covered. This book will be extremely useful for the engineers and researchers especially higher undergraduate, postgraduate students as well as practitioners working on the development of Wireless Sensor Networks, Internet of Things and Data Mining.
Seminars on technology education Oulu, 7.-8.5.1996; 18.-20.10.1996
Profiles of the future : an inquiry into the limits of the possible
Bold : how to go big, achieve success, and impact the world
Society, ethics, and technology
Intellectual property and innovation management in small firms
Perspectives on Digital Content Markets: A Literature Review of Trends in Technologies, Business and Consumer Behaviour
Technology : philosophical and social aspects
Technology and social action
VTT Impulse : a magazine on technology, science and innovations
Music, technology and education : critical perspectives
How we got to now : six innovations that made the modern world
Walter J. Ong's classic work provides a fascinating insight into the social effects of oral, written, printed and electronic technologies, and their impact on philosophical, theological, scientific and literary thought. This thirtieth anniversary edition - coinciding with Ong's centenary year - reproduces his best-known and most influential book in full and brings it up to date with two new exploratory essays by cultural writer and critic John Hartley. Hartley provides: A scene-setting chapter that situates Ong's work within the historical and disciplinary context of post-war Americanism and the rise of communication and media studies; A closing chapter that follows up Ong's work on orality and literacy in relation to evolving media forms, with a discussion of recent criticisms of Ong's approach, and an assessment of his concept of the 'evolution of consciousness'; Extensive references to recent scholarship on orality, literacy and the study of knowledge technologies, tracing changes in how we know what we know. These illuminating essays contextualize Ong within recent intellectual history, and display his work's continuing force in the ongoing study of the relationship between literature and the media, as well as that of psychology, education and sociological thought.
Developing an evaluation framework for identifying globally shared and locally specific requirements for the design and use of educational technology
Telework in Finland: factors behind Telework use as seen from an employer perspective
Tetrahedral chalcopyrite quantum dots in solar-cell applications
Biodiversity management with lobbying and technological change
Crick asserts that politics, with its compromises and power struggles, remains the only tested alternative to government by coercion, making both freedoma nd order possible in heterogeneous societies. For Crick, politics is necessarily imperfect, messy anmd complex, yet his book defends it against htose who would identify it with (and reduce it to) ideology, nationalism, technology or populist democracy. In this fifth edition, Crick warns us that present-day politicians are in danger of threatening both citizenship and common humanity. He discusses the popular distrust for politicians in both the UK and USA, arguing that they have lowered the level of publicdebate for short-term gain; and he discusses how suchvshort-termism is preventing timely attempts to tackle despoliation of the global environment.
PROMIS Centre : innovative pharmaceutical manufacturing research and technology development in Kuopio, Finland
Health technology assessment : an introduction to objectives, role of evidence, and structure in Europe
The top technologies every librarian needs to know
LUMAT-B : international journal on math, science and technology education
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Technology, ethics, and culture
Technology, society and man
Globalization of technology : international perspectives : proceedings of the sixth Convocation of the Council of Academies of Engrineering and Technological Sciences
Technology and infastructure : NOC '98
Icon : journal of the International Committee for the History of Technology
Modern banking solutions changing business and people
The Norton history of technology
Pharmaceutical coating technology
Education and Its Discontents: Teaching, the Humanities, and the Importance of a Liberal Education in the Age of Mass Information, by Mark Moss, is an exploration of how the traditional educational environment, particularly in the post-secondary world, is changing as a consequence of the influx of new technology. Students come to the classroom or lecture hall expecting to have their habits and tastes, gleaned from the online world, replicated in an Educational environment. Faculty who do not adapt face enormous obstacles, and faculty that do adapt run the risk of eroding the integrity of what they have been trained to teach. Students now have access to myriad of technologies that instead of supplementing the educational process, have actually taken it over. Issues that run from plagiarism to the erosion of the humanities are now rampant concerns in the post secondary world. Behavior issues, YouTube videos, cell phones, and the incessant clicking of the computer keys are just a few of the technologies altering the educational landscape. Moss discusses that it is now not only how we learn, but what we continue to teach, and how that enormously important legacy is protected. Education and Its Discontents: Teaching, the Humanities, and the Importance of a Liberal Education in the Age of Mass Information, by Mark Moss, argues that education has changed and the supremacy of the book and the lecture is now open for debate. What has been gained over the last five hundred years is now susceptible to the vagaries of technology, which compel us to question their continuing relevance.
Blast cleaning technology : With 385 Figures and 169 Tables
Interfacial phenomena in pharmaceutical low moisture content powder processing
Comparison of a whole tree bundler and a harwarder in small diameter energy wood procurement
The innovation illusion : how so little is created by so many working so hard
As if the patient were in the classroom: video-based enquiry into the absent body in medical education
The nature of security and risk in complex socio-technical systems : a partial application of Critical Systems Heuristics (CSH) to Finnish Security Strategy for Society (YTS)
Dammed divinities : the water powers at Bujagali Falls, Uganda
The acclaimed comedian teams up with a New York University sociologist to explore the nature of modern relationships, evaluating how technology is shaping contemporary relationships and considering the differences between courtships of the past and present.
Documenting learning with ePortfolios
Catching up with competitiveness in emerging markets : an analysis of the role of the firm's technology management strategies
Ecosystem and technosystem - a problematic relation
Successful marketing strategy for high-tech firms
Technology intensity of Finnish manufacturing industries
E-business and e-commerce management : strategy, implementation and practice
Biocompatibility and biofunctionalization of mesoporous silicon particles
An encyclopaedia of the history of technology
Technology and everyday life
New technologies and development
Silicon Valley fever : growth of high-technology culture
The business of science : the risks and rewards of research and development
Rethinking journalism again : societal role and public relevance in a digital age
Rural poverty report 2001 : the challenge of ending rural poverty
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Scientific examination of art : modern techniques in conservation and analysis
Technology shocks and employment in open economies
The handheld library : mobile technology and the librarian
Politics, technology, and bureaucracy in South Asia
Art, games and sensors harnessed to enhance well-being
Technology as a challenge for school curricula
Aspects of values in human-technology interaction design : a content-based view to values
In Biopolitical Screens, Pasi Väliaho charts and conceptualizes the imagery that composes our affective and conceptual reality under twenty-first-century capitalism. Väliaho investigates the role screen media play in the networks that today harness human minds and bodies -- the ways that images animated on console game platforms, virtual reality technologies, and computer screens capture human potential by plugging it into arrangements of finance, war, and the consumption of entertainment. Drawing on current neuroscience and political and economic thought, Väliaho argues that these images work to shape the atomistic individuals who populate the neoliberal world of accumulation and war. Väliaho bases his argument on a broad notion of the image as something both visible and sayable, detectable in various screen platforms but also in scientific perception and theoretical ideas. After laying out the conceptual foundations of the book, Väliaho offers focused and detailed investigations of the current visual economy. He considers the imagery of first-person shooter video games as tools of "neuropower"; explores the design and construction of virtual reality technologies to treat post-traumatic stress disorder in veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan; and examines three instances of video installation art that have the power to disrupt the dominant regime of sensibility rather than reinforce it.
Elon Musk : Tesla, SpaceX, and the quest for a fantastic future
Zahrah the windseeker
Radical technology
Technology and industrial change in Europe
Solution Readiness Assessment : guiding corporate decision making
Popular mechanics : Vantaa
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Information technology and new growth opportunities
Strategy, technology and skills : a report on the home UK home laundry appliances industry
International emission policy with lobbying and technological change
Light tech : towards a light architecture : Ausblick auf eine leichte Architektur
Prosuming energy : user innovation and new energy communities in renewable micro-generation
Survey of Higher Education Degree Programmes Related to Energy Technology Concerning Year 2010
Non-renewable resources, endogenous growth, and environmental policy
A growing body of empirical evidence suggests that a positive technology shock leads to a temporary decline in employment. A two-country model is used to demonstrate that the open economy dimension can enhance the ability of sticky price models to account for the evidence. The reasoning is as follows. An improvement in technology appreciates the nominal exchange rate. Under producer-currency pricing, the exchange rate appreciation shifts global demand toward foreign goods away from domestic goods. This causes a temporary decline in domestic employment. If the expenditure-switching effect is sufficiently strong, a technology shock also has a negative effect on output in the short run.
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Use of Vessel Monitoring Systems and Satellites for Fisheries Monitoring, Control and Surveillance, Rome, 24-26 October 2006.
Incremental innovation and the utility model
McGraw-Hill yearbook of science and technology. 1993: comprehensive coverage of recent events and research as compiled by the staff of the McGraw-Hill Encyclopedia of Science & Technology
Revolutionizing education through web-based instruction
Algorithmic trading technology and strategy research on financial markets
Separation processes
Make the future work : appropriate technology : a teachers' guide
Discontinuous innovation : learning to manage the unexpected
E-portfolios perform many functions in higher education at both an institutional and student level. This book offers online instructors guidance in creating and implementing e-portfolios with their students. It helps them assess the needs of their students then design and implement a strategic, comprehensive e-portfolio program tailored to these needs. Further, it lets instructors see how such programs can be used as an example of their own personal and professional academic development. This is an essential resource for any online instructor or student wishing to use e-portfolios as a tool.
National Science Council review
LAPSET-seminaarin artikkelijulkaisu 2004 = Proceedings of the LAPSET seminar 2004
Comparison of acceleration and EMG signals in quantifying physical activity
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Artificial knowing : gender and the thinking machine
In this paper, I consider biodiversity management in an economy where the conservation of land yields utility through biodiversity, firms improve their e±ciency through in-house R&D and local interest groups lobby the government over environmental policy. I compare three cases: Laissez-faire, the regulation of land use and subsidies to the conservation of land. The results are the following. Laissez-faire yields Pareto sub-optimal, but direct regulation Pareto optimal allocation of resources, with political contributions to the government. A shift from direct regulation to conservation subsidies decreases biodiversity and the growth rate.
Technology and the frontiers of knowledge
Technology at the turning point
This first-of-its-kind reference moves the concepts and methodologies of game analytics and learning analytics into the emerging field of serious games. The book calls for more validated and standardized research into serious games analytics, backing up this demand with ways that player data can be transformed into information of value to the academic and serious games sectors. Featured methodologies derive from diverse disciplines, from computer science and data visualization to learning science and statistics. And the volume's second half highlights new frontiers for serious games in medical education and patient care, psychological profile generation, and learning support.   Included in the coverage:   A meta-analysis of data collection in serious games research. Measuring expert-performance for serious games analytics: from data to insights. Comparative visualization of player behavior for serious games analytics. The role of serious games in robot exoskeleton assisted rehabilitation of stroke patients. Design of game-based stealth assessment and learning support. A game design methodology for generating a psychological profile of players.   Serious Games Analytics gives educators, instructional designers, and researchers in educational technology a fuller grasp of the knowledge learners access in serious game play, and data and ideas leading to the next wave of serious games.
The technological fix : how people use technology to create and solve problems
Blaming technology : the irrational search for scapegoats
Changes in bacterial population and antimicrobial resistance during cold storage in conventional and organic raw milk
Education and its discontents : teaching, the humanities, and the importance of a liberal in the age of mass communication
In defence of politics
The future of ageing : policy report on technology, innovation and organisation in European health care
Technology transfer : geographic, economic, cultural, and technical dimensions
