http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23346 moral psychology
moral psychology
Moralities of everyday life
Would you kill the fat man? : the trolley problem and what your answer tells us about right and wrong
Moral tribes : emotion, reason, and the gap between us and them
Moral development : advances in research and theory
Approaches to the development of moral reasoning
"How do otherwise considerate human beings do cruel things and still live in peace with themselves? Drawing on his agentic theory, Dr. Bandura provides a definitive exposition of the psychosocial mechanism by which people selectively disengage their moral self-sanctions from their harmful conduct. They do so by sanctifying their harmful behavior as serving worthy causes; they absolve themselves of blame for the harm they cause by displacement and diffusion of responsibility; they minimize or deny the harmful effects of their actions; and they dehumanize those they maltreat and blame them for bringing the suffering on themselves. Dr. Bandura's theory of moral disengagement is uniquely broad in scope. Theories of morality focus almost exclusively at the individual level. He insightfully extends the disengagement of morality to the social-system level through which large-scale inhumanities are perpetrated...Moral disengagement will transform your thinking about how otherwise considerate people can behave inhumanely and still feel good about themselves." -- Book jacket.
Moral psychology and human action in Aristotle
On the path to virtue : the Stoic doctrine of moral progress and its reception in (middle-)Platonism
The Continuum companion to ethics
The brute within : appetitive desire in Plato and Aristotle
Essays in philosophical moral psychology
Value presuppositions in theories of human development
Human morality and sociality : evolutionary and comparative perspectives
The protestant work ethic : the psychology of work-related beliefs and behaviours
The righteous mind : why good people are divided by politics and religion
Evil and moral psychology
Sense and delusion
The Philosophy and Psychology of Character and Happiness
Moral Minds : The Nature of Right and Wrong
Radical evil : a philosophical interrogation
How should I live my life? : psychology, environmental science and moral traditions
Evolutionary psychology, public policy, and personal decisions
"Psychological research shows that our emotions and feelings often guide the moral decisions we make about our own lives and the social groups to which we belong. But should we be concerned that out important moral judgments can be swayed by "hot" passions, such as anger, disgust, guilt, shame and sympathy? Aren't these feelings irrational and counterproductive? Using a functional conflict theory of emotions (FCT), Giner-Sorolla proposes that each emotion serves a number of different functions, sometimes inappropriately, and that moral emotions in particular are intimately tied to problems faced by the individuals in a group, and by groups interacting with each other. Specifically, the author suggests that these emotions help us, as individuals and group members, to: Appraise developments in the environment Learn through association Regulate our own behavior Communicate convincingly with others. Drawing on extensive research, including many studies from the author's own lab, this book shows why emotions work to encourage reasonable moral behaviour, and why they sometimes fail. This is the first single-authored volume in the field of psychology dedicated to a separate examination of the major moral and positive emotions. As such, the book is ideal reading for researchers, postgraduates and undergraduates of social psychology, sociology, philosophy and politics"--
The Things We Do and Why We Do Them argues against the common assumption that there is a kind of thing called "action" which all reason-giving explanation of action are geared towards. Sandis explains why all theories concerned with the form which any such explanation must take fail from the outset, and shows how various debates on the nature of so-called motivating reasons only arise because the participants all share a number of mistaken views which follow from the basic assumption under attack. In so doing, he urges philosophers and psychologists alike to stop asking whether the explanation of action is causal, and to focus instead on its multifarious objects.
Emotions : an essay in aid of moral psychology
Nietzsche, psychology, and first philosophy
Mapping the moral domain : a contribution of women's thinking to psychological theory and education
The moral judgement of the child
Moral internalism : an essay in moral psychology
Moral psychology today : essays on values, rational choice, and the will
The tremendous growth of scientific research on emotion, decision-making, moral judgment, and moral behavior in recent years has given rise to a rich literature of scientifically-informed philosophical work on moral psychology. This volume is the first book to bring this literature together with the most significant foundational works from philosophy and psychology. Approaching moral psychology from an empirically informed perspective, this collection shows the deep continuity between historical discussions in philosophical ethics and contemporary work in empirically oriented moral psychology. The selections explore a wide range of topics from passion and altruism to virtue and responsibility, with editorial material providing context and highlighting the connections running between the pieces. Including historical selections from philosophy, classic pieces from 20th-century psychology, and some of the most significant contemporary contributions from philosophers, psychologists, and other cognitive scientists, Moral Psychology: Historical and Contemporary Readings provides a comprehensive introduction to this important field.
Pain and injury in sport : social and ethical analysis
These nine original essays examine the moral and philosophical implications of developments in the science of ethics, the growing movement that seeks to use recent empirical findings to answer long-standing ethical questions. Efforts to make moral psychology a thoroughly empirical discipline have divided philosophers along methodological fault lines, isolating discussions that will profit more from intellectual exchange. This volume takes an even-handed approach, including essays from advocates of empirical ethics as well as those who are sceptical of some of its central claims. Some of these essays make novel use of empirical findings to develop philosophical research programs regarding such crucial moral phenomena as desire, emotion, and memory. Others bring new critical scrutiny to bear on some of the most influential proposals of the empirical ethics movement, including the claim that evolution undermines moral realism, the effort to recruit a dual-process model of the mind to support consequentialism against other moral theories, and the claim that ordinary evaluative judgments are seldom if ever sensitive to reasons, because moral reasoning is merely the post hoc rationalization of unthinking emotional response.
The psychology of good and evil
Ethics without God
The psychology of moral behavior
Dig. 34,2,33 : the return of the cross-dressing senator
Moral psychology and human agency : philosophical essays on the science of ethics
Wandering in darkness : narrative and the problem of suffering
Democratic culture and moral character : a study in culture and personality
Foundations of morality : an investigation into the origin and purpose of moral concepts
A small town near Auschwitz : ordinary Nazis and the Holocaust
Yuck! : the nature and moral significance of disgust
Essays on psychology and morality in economic analysis of law
The role of values in psychology and human development
The psychology of moral development : the nature and validity of moral stages
The self and its emotions
The things we do and why we do them
Trouble with strangers : a study of ethics
Being amoral : psychopathy and moral incapacity
The development of modes of moral thinking and choise in the years 10 to 16
Moral disengagement : how people do harm and live with themselves
"In recent years China has witnessed unprecedented economic growth, emerging as a powerful, influential player on the global stage. Now, more than ever, there is a great interest and need within the West to better understand the psychological and social processes that characterize Chinese people. The Oxford Handbook of Chinese Psychology is the first book of its kind-- a comprehensive and commanding review of Chinese psychology, covering areas of human functioning with unparalleled sophistication and complexity. In 42 chapters, leading authorities cite and integrate both English and Chinese-language research in topic areas ranging from the socialization of children, mathematics achievement, emotion, bilingualism, and Chinese styles of thinking to Chinese identity, personal relationships, leadership processes, and psychopathology. With all chapters accessibly written by the leading researchers in their respective fields, the reader of this volume will learn how and why China has developed in the way it has, and how it is likely to develop. In addition, the book shows how a better understanding of a culture so different to our own can tell us so much about our own culture and sense of identity. A book of extraordinary breadth, the Oxford Handbook of Chinese Psychology will become the essential sourcebook for any scholar or practitioner attempting to understand the psychological functioning of the world's largest ethnic group"--Provided by publisher.
Blame : its nature and norms
Sociability in Samuel Pufendorf's natural law theory
Moral psychology. Volume 1, The evolution of morality : adaptations and innateness
The death of the soul in Romans 7 : sin, death, and the law in light of Hellenistic moral psychology
The moral psychology handbook
New essays on the explanation of action
How we hope : a moral psychology
Higher stages of human development : perspectives on adult growth
Moral minds : how nature designed our universal sense of right and wrong
The emotional construction of morals
Moral education and development : a lifetime commitment
Moral development and reality : beyond the theories of Kohlberg and Hoffman
This book examines what makes someone an evil person and how evil people are different from merely bad people. Rather than focusing on the "problem of evil" that occupies philosophers of religion, Barry looks instead to moral psychology―the intersection of ethics and psychology. He provides both a philosophical account of what evil people are like and considers the implications of that account for social, legal, and criminal institutions. He also engages in traditional philosophical reasoning strongly informed by psychological research, especially abnormal and social psychology. In response to the popularity of phrases like "the axis of evil" and the ease with which politicians and others describe their opponents as "evil", Barry sets out to make clear just what it is to be an evil person.
Is disgust a moralising emotion? : evidence for a dual process theory of moral judgement
Fairness in children : a social-cognitive approach to the study of moral development
The Oxford handbook of Chinese psychology
Character and moral psychology
The Moral Psychology Handbook offers a survey of contemporary moral psychology, integrating evidence and argument from philosophy and the human sciences. The chapters cover major issues in moral psychology, including moral reasoning, character, moral emotion, positive psychology, moral rules, the neural correlates of ethical judgment, and the attribution of moral responsibility. Each chapter is a collaborative effort, written jointly by leading researchers in the field.
Moral psychology. Volume 2, The cognitive science of morality : intuition and diversity
Ethics in the virtual world : the morality and psychology of gaming
The measurement of moral judgment. Vol. 2, Standard issue scoring manual
The measurement of moral judgment. Vol. 1, Theoretical foundations and research validation
Moral character : an empirical theory
The origins of morality : an evolutionary account
Pride, shame, and guilt : emotions of self-assessment
The death of the animal : a dialogue
Moral psychology
Virtually no one would deny the extent and intensity of suffering in the world. Can one also consistently hold that there is an omniscient, omnipotent, perfectly good God? This book argues that the difficult questions raised by the problem of suffering can be considered best in the context of biblical narratives.
Moral maturity : measuring the development of sociomoral reflection
The possibility of practical reason
Moral psychology : historical and contemporary readings
Ethics in the Virtual World examines the gamer's enactment of taboo activities in the context of both traditional and contemporary philosophical approaches to morality. The book raises pertinent questions about one of the most rapidly expanding leisure pursuits in western culture.
Judging passions : moral emotions in persons and groups
Ethics, love, and faith in Kierkegaard : philosophical engagements
The Nietzschean self : moral psychology, agency, and the unconscious
Reason, emotion and will
In the fourteen articles collected in this volume, Gilligan and her colleagues expand the theoretical base of In A Different Voice and apply their research methods to a variety of life situations. The contrasting voices of justice and care clarify different ways in which women and men speak about relationships and lend different meanings to connection, dependence, autonomy, responsibility loyalty, peer pressure, and violence. By examining the moral dilemmas and self-descriptions of children, high school students, urban youth, medical students, mothers, lawyers, and others, the authors chart a new terrain: a mapping of the moral domain that includes the voices of women. In this new terrain the authors trace far-reaching implications of the inclusion of women's voices for developmental psychology, for education, for women, and for men.
On shame
Moral development, self, and identity
Social justice and the experience of emotion
Elements of moral cognition : Rawls' linguistic analogy and the cognitive science of moral and legal judgment
Conservation psychology : understanding and promoting human care for nature
Varieties of moral personality : ethics and psychological realism
Labyrinth : an essay on the political psychology of change
Personality, identity, and character : explorations in moral psychology
Agency and responsibility : a common-sense moral psychology
The Silesian town of Bedzin lies a mere twenty-five miles from Auschwitz. Through its linked ghettos and that of its neighboring town, some 85,000 Jews passed on their way to slave labor or the gas chambers. The principal civilian administrator of Bedzin, Udo Klausa, was a happily married family man. He was also responsible for implementing Nazi policies towards the Jews in his area - inhumane processes that were the precursors of genocide. Yet he later claimed, like so many other Germans after the war, that he had 'known nothing about it.' This book re-creates Udo Klausa's story. Using a wealth of personal letters, memoirs, testimonies, interviews and other sources, the author pieces together his role in the unfolding stigmatization and degradation of the Jews under his authority, as well as the heroic attempts at resistance on the part of some of his victims.Portrayed is a fascinating insight into the inner conflicts of a Nazi functionary who, throughout, considered himself a 'decent' man. She also explores the conflicting memories and evasions of his life after the war. But the book is much more than a portrayal of an individual man. Udo Klausa's case is so important because it is in many ways so typical. Behind Klausa's story is the larger story of how countless local functionaries across the Third Reich facilitated the murderous plans of a relatively small number among the Nazi elite - and of how those plans could never have been realized, on the same scale, without the diligent cooperation of these generally very ordinary administrators. As the author shows, men like Klausa 'knew' and yet mostly suppressed this knowledge, performing their day jobs without apparent recognition of their own role in the system, or any sense of personal wrongdoing or remorse - either before or after 1945.This account is no ordinary historical reconstruction. For the author did not discover Udo Klausa amongst the archives, she has known the Klausa family all her life. She had no inkling of her subject's true role in the Third Reich until a few years ago, a discovery that led directly to this inescapably personal professional history.
Foundations of ethical practice, research and teaching in psychology
What's wrong with morality? : a social-psychological perspective
Scholastic Florence : moral psychology in the Quattrocento
Spirituality, ethics, and relationship in adulthood: clinical and theoretical explorations
