http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23344 gnomes
gnomes
Artemis Fowl : the eternity code
For Rapunzel, being a princess has been nothing but fun. But everything goes wrong when she breaks a magical urn and blames it on her new friend, Ella. It turns out that the urn was home to a very cross (and now very homeless) hermit genie, who casts a spell making everyone blame Rapunzel for everything that goes wrong in Tale Town! With the help of her friends and a mysterious green monkey called Alphege, can Rapunzel 'undo what she has done' and lift the curse? A brilliant new highly illustrated series featuring all the fairy-tale characters you know and love having brand-new adventures!. Ages 7+
The secret histories : Hobgoblins or the Liber Mysteriorum Domesticorum
Artemis Fowl and the eternity code
The faery's gift
The little grey men
Noddy and the driving lesson
Artemis Fowl and the Opal Deception
At the bottom of the garden : a dark history of fairies, hobgoblins, and other troublesome things
Noddy and the Singing Bush
Super happy magic forest. Slug of doom
The spell thief
A child's book of faeries
Artemis Fowl : the opal deception
The princess in the forest
Artemis Fowl : the seventh dwarf
The illustrated encyclopaedia of fairies
Wildflower wood
The little people : stories of fairies, pixies, and other small folk
The genie's curse
Scream Sea : Elf Girl and Raven Boy
Fancy dress party
Noddy and the runaway cakes
The Barefoot book of giants, ghosts and goblins : traditional tales from around the world
"Life for Jack is great -- he's got a magical talking hen called Betsy, he lives in a town where stories literally grow on trees, and all his best friends live there with him. That is, until new kid in town, Anansi, arrives... When Jack sees Anansi having a secret meeting with a troll -- everything changes. Trolls mean trouble and Jack will stop at nothing to prove Tale Town is in danger. Even if that means using stolen magic!"--Publisher description.
Artemis Fowl and the time paradox
Alexandra the royal baby fairy
Artemis Fowl : the arctic incident
Faeries, elves and goblins : the old stories
