http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23367 converts
converts
Conversion : old worlds and new
Proselytization revisited : rights talk, free markets, and culture wars
Saints and signs : a semiotic reading of conversion in early modern Catholicism
Renegade women : gender, identity, and boundaries in the early modern Mediterranean
Becoming Catholic : finding Rome in the American religious landscape
The turn of the soul : representations of religious conversion in early modern art and literature
Religious conversion and disaffiliation : tracing patterns of change in faith practices
The soul of a lion : Dietrich von Hildebrand : a biography
Conversion to Christianity : from late antiquity to the modern age : considering the process in Europe, Asia, and the Americas
Scholarship on the formation of the Atlantic world through contributions from Europe, Africa and the Americas has grown in recent decades. The results offer new understandings of the transformations in ethnic and religious identity faced by peoples from all the surrounding continents. Long used by scholars of Jewish studies, records from the Spanish and Portuguese Inquisitions have become an important source for historians of Africans and Amerindians in the Iberian colonial orbit. Using these and other materials, this book explores the nexus of politics, race and religion among three newly and incompletely Christianized groups in the seventeenth century: Judeoconversos, Afroiberians and Amerindians. This fresh cross-cultural analysis brings these differing trajectories into dialogue.
Jewish identities in Iran : resistance and conversion to Islam and the Baha'i faith
Protestant autobiography in the seventeenth-century Anglophone world
Religiöse Konversion führt zu folgenreichen Veränderungen im Lebenslauf von Menschen. Sie kann zwischenkirchliche Beziehungen belasten und zu Konflikten zwischen Religionsgemeinschaften führen. Religionswechsel als Ausdruck der Religionsfreiheit ist eine Herausforderung für viele soziale Beziehungen und staatliche Rechtsordnungen. In 43 Studien beleuchten 36 Autoren und Autorinnen aus Europa, Asien, Afrika und Amerika verschiedene Aspekte der Konversionsproblematik. Konfessions-, kultur- und kontextspezifische Auffassungen in der Weltchristenheit werden ebenso untersucht und miteinander verglichen wie der Umgang mit Konversionen in islamisch geprägten Gesellschaften und Staaten, im Hinduismus und in religiösen Traditionen Chinas. -- Religious conversion implies far-reaching changes in the lives of human beings. It can be burdensome for inter-church relationships and lead to conflicts between religious communities. Change of adherence as an expression of religious freedom challenges many social relationships as well as state laws affecting religion. The 36 authors from Europe, Asia, Africa, and the Americas analyze in 43 studies various aspects of religious conversion. Approaches which are representative of specific denominational, cultural, and contextual frameworks in World Christianity are analyzed and compared. Likewise, understandings of religious conversion in Muslim societies and states, in Hinduism and religious traditions in China are explored.
Secrecy's power : covert Shin Buddhists in Japan and contradictions of concealment
Conversion has been an essential element of Christianity, and especially of Roman Catholicism, for centuries--from the Apostle Paul's dramatic conversion on the road to Damascus to the spiritual transformations of such prominent modern individuals as Cardinal Newman, St. Elizabeth Ann Seton, Thomas Merton, and G.K. Chesterton. In a 1926 essay, Chesterton expressed reluctance to describe his conversion, on account of "a strong feeling that this method makes the business look much smaller than it really is." As David Yamane shows in Becoming Catholic, the business was not only spiritually but literally very large, and growing ever larger: roughly 150,000 Americans join the Catholic Church each year, and more than one in fifty American adults is a Catholic convert. Altogether, these 5.85 million individuals are the fifth-largest religious group in America. In this first significant study of the phenomenon of Roman Catholic conversion in the contemporary United States, Yamane provides an in-depth look at the process of adult initiation in the twenty-first century Catholic Church, including the new process of spiritual formation--called the Rite of Christian Initiation of Adults (RCIA)--that was ushered in by Vatican II. The RCIA process, which has become an integral part of Catholic parish life, takes individuals on a journey through four distinct, formative periods, punctuated by elaborate ritual transitions, before they are finally baptized at Easter. Drawing on years of observational fieldwork and candid interviews with more than 200 individuals undergoing the initiation process, Yamane follows would-be Catholics through all four stages of the RCIA and offers an incisive new perspective on what it means to choose Catholicism in America today. -- Provided by publisher.
Crossing over : one woman’s exodus from Amish life
Unthinkable
The conversion of Herman the Jew : autobiography, history, and fiction in the twelfth century
Being German, becoming Muslim : race, religion, and conversion in the new Europe
Why did they become Muslims?
British Muslim converts : choosing alternative lives
Covenant renewal and the consecration of the gentiles in Romans
Becoming Jewish : the challenges, rewards, and paths to conversion
Space and conversion in global perspective
The Indian great awakening : religion and the shaping of native cultures in early America
My great love for Jesus led me to Islam
Boxers
Tolerance and coexistence in early modern Spain : old Christians and Moriscos in the Campo de Calatrava
Out of Islam
Counseling Muslims : handbook of mental health issues and interventions
Honored by the glory of Islam : conversion and conquest in Ottoman Europe
Conversion to Islam : a study of native British converts
Rome, Constantinople and newly-converted Europe : archaeological and historical evidence
Beyond conversion and syncretism : indigenous encounters with missionary Christianity, 1800-2000
Becoming Muslim in mainland Tanzania 1890-2000
Swimming the Christian Atlantic : Judeoconversos, Afroiberians and Amerindians in the seventeenth century
Loyal enemies : British converts to Islam, 1850-1950
This book provides a new view of the historical conditions and methods by which godly communities turned personal experience into an authorizing principle. A broad range of life-writing is explored, including Augustine's Confessions, John Bunyan's Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners, and Richard Baxter's Reliquiae Baxterianae.
A place of healing for the soul : Patmos
Conversion and the poll tax in early Islam
In his letter to the Romans, Paul describes the community in Rome as 'holy ones'. This study considers Paul's language in relation to the Old Testament, particularly accounts of the events at Mount Sinai that established the nation of Israel and consecrated its people as God's holy people. Sarah Whittle illustrates how Paul reworks citations from Deuteronomy, Hosea, and Isaiah to incorporate the Gentiles into Israel's covenant-renewal texts. Analysing key passages, she further ties the covenant-making narrative to themes of sacrificed bodies and moral transformation, fulfilment of the Torah, the promises of the fathers, and Paul's priestly ministry. This volume argues that the latter has a climactic function in Paul's letter, overseeing the offering of the Gentiles, who are 'made holy by the holy spirit'. This study will be of interest to scholars of New Testament studies, Pauline theology, and early Christianity.
Sigrid Undset : a modern crusader
Religiöse Grenzüberschreitungen : Studien zu Bekehrung, Konfessions- und Religionswechsel = Crossing religious borders : studies on conversion and religious belonging
Welcome to Islam : a convert's tale
