http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23366 hand hygiene
hand hygiene
The forgotten arts and crafts
Experience is the best teacher : manual of dental hygiene
Environmental health in emergencies and disasters : a practical guide
The Royal Marsden Hospital manual of clinical nursing procedures
Infection prevention in nursing care of hemodialysis patients : a presentation as a clinical intervention at the nephrological clinic of the Surgical Hospital (January 2009)
Concepts of scrubbing, gowning and gloving
Workplace safety
Oral health promotion among community-dwelling older people
This Bachelor's thesis has been produced in cooperation with Tampere University Hospital (TUH) between falls of 2009 and 2010. The purpose of this thesis is to map the knowledge nurses have on infection control in TUH. The thesis was implemented by means of a quantitative research in which the tool was a questionnaire of thirty-one (31) right-wrong statements. There were 38 responses that all were used in the analyzing phase.    The results of the research show that nurses working on TUH outpatient clinics have already some education on the topic. Nevertheless more education is needed according to the gained results. The whole thesis process was based on four bundles (Appendix 4). The statements were divided and analyzed under these four bundles.
Abstract: This final project is part of Improving the Quality of Hand Hygiene and Asepsis in the Care of Nephrological Patients, a project conducted by Metropolia University of Applied Sciences, in collaboration with the Clinics of Nephrology and Infection Diseases of HUCH, the Department of Nursing Science of Turku University Faculty of Medicine, and the Finnish Kidney and Liver  Association.    The purpose of this final project is to identify interventions that can improve hand hygiene adherence in  haemodialysis patient care and, in addition, influence the implementation of change in clinical practice.    There were 15 research articles for this literature review, collected systematically from OVID, CINAHL and PUBMEB. In addition, manual search was conducted in order to find literature supporting the concepts of hand hygiene and asepsis.    The findings showed that single interventions improved hand hygiene adherence but, in order to reach a sustained high level of adherence, multifaceted interventional programmes focusing on education and behavioural change were preferred. They should include educational courses, trainings, poster campaigns, performance feedbacks, use of technology, accessibility to hand rub, and role modelling.    The implementation of change is a long process that depends on the quality and content of the interventions, the nurses' active participation and the support institutions can provide. Further development of multifaceted interventional programmes is needed to ensure that nurses have sufficient knowledge and awareness on hand hygiene and asepsis in the care of nephrological patients.
Health in your hands : a systematic review of hand hygiene literature in health care settings to decrease hospital-associated infection
Haemodialysis patients' learning needs "Hand hygiene and adherence" : a systematic literature review
Effective hand hygiene
Milady's standard nail technology
Social cognitive determinants of hand washing : The relationship between trust in health information and hand washing behavior among young Finnish men
Challenges of cleanliness and hygiene from nursing perspective in a haemodialysis caring environment
The occupational ergonomics handbook. Interventions, controls, and applications in occupational ergonomics
Implementing change in hand hygiene and asepsis in haemodialysis nursing care : a literature review
The purpose was to investigate nurses' knowledge and attitudes about their hand hygiene during working in a hospital. The objective was to collect evidence-based research articles and analyze effectiveness between nurses' knowledge and attitudes. The method of this thesis was literature review. Data was collected from scientific database CINAHL. All articles were published between 2000 and 2011 in English language. Five of these articles were chosen for this thesis and all of these five articles were peer reviewed. Results of this study point out that providing education of hand hygiene in nursing helps to provide better attitude during working in a hospital. The result also suggested to nursing students that knowledge and attitude affected each other in hand hygiene implementation. As nursing students are the future work force, it is important to have enough knowledge and a positive attitude to prevent hospital infections with good hand hygiene implementation.
Milk testing and payment systems : resource book : a practical guide to assist milk producer groups
Clinical companion : fundamentals of nursing
It's a jungle out there : a quantitative study on the nurses level of knowledge on infection control
Noroviruses on surfaces : detection, transfer and inactivation
Handbook of human factors and ergonomics methods
The occupational ergonomics handbook. Fundamentals and assessment tools for occupational ergonomics
WHO guidelines on hand hygiene in health care : first global patient safety challenge : clean care is safer care
Hospital-associated infections and the safety of alcohol hand gels in children
Clean hands are safer hands
Hand hygiene among health care workers : reasons for compliance and noncompliance
Terveydenhuollon hyvät hygieniakäytännöt = Goda hygienrutiner inom hälsovården = Good hygiene practices in health care
