http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23312 guardians
guardians providers persons having custody
"Single mom Sidonie Lindstrom has her hands full with a troubled foster son, an abrupt adjustment to country living, and an unforeseen lack of funds.  When her taciturn neighbor, MacKenzie Knightley, repeatedly offers practical help, Sid reminds herself she's not interested--despite his kindness, pragmatism, and quiet charm.  MacKenzie sees the vulnerability beneath her pride, and he's determined to change her mind."-- back cover.
Work incentives in single parent families
When the issue of welfare is addressed in Sweden analysis is usually focused on the national level, in a smaller number of cases on the local level, but rarely on the regional level. Studies on poverty are no exception. The aim of this paper is to analyse child poverty in Sweden, from a regional perspective, in 1990 and 2010. A multivariate cross-section OLS regression model is used to estimate regional factors causing child poverty. Regional macro data is used. The findings indicate that old industrial regions experience greater child poverty. The statistical analysis shows that when the share of foreign-born individuals increases in the regional population, so does the regional share of children living on social assistance. Higher incomes lower the regional share of children living on social assistance.
Mad about the boy
The distance between us
Alaventam cilai = Don't cry, Sly!
With this body : caring and disability in marriage
Megan's mate : A selection from the Calhoun Women: Suzanna & Megan
10 reasons not to fall in love
Sliding with Suzanne
The revised fundamentals of caregiving
The things we do for love
A Summer at Sea
A very accidental love story
Coparenting : a conceptual and clinical examination of family systems
The first love cookie club
Summer with my sister
Porch lights
Hero at large
"On his thirty-fifth birthday, Jake St. Cloud inherits a fortune--and learns the whereabouts of his mysterious half-brother. On her deathbed, Selma St. Cloud revealed that Jake had a sibling, a product of his father's affair. At last, Jake is in a position to track down Alex Rosario and make amends for their father's past neglect. At least, that's the plan. When their initial meeting goes badly, a distraught Jake crashes his car and is sentenced to community work--with Alex as his parole officer. Jake must spend a year helping Angelica Dancer and her daughter, Fancy, at the Dancer Foundation for neglected children. Fancy, scarred within and without by the accident that ended her ballet career, is even less happy with the arrangement than Jake. Yet as they're thrown together, Jake, Alex, Angelica, and Fancy make unexpected connections. And as he unravels the painful truths of his past, Jake realizes that his mother's greatest gift to him lies not in his inheritance, but in the future, and the family, he's slowly piecing together" --
The wedding day
Kiss me hello
What I love about you
The last day I saw her
Fancy dancer
Sometimes the wolf : a novel
The control freak chronicles
The newcomer
Return to sender
Single fathers
Poverty and single parent families : a study of minimal subsistance household budgets
Unearthly
The promise
People places things
The Heart of the country
Don't want to miss a thing
Globalizing care economies and migrant workers : explorations in global care chains
Wildest dreams
Sometimes the wolf
Little beauty
Breakfast with Scot : novel
East Yorkshire: Single mum Alice Lake finds a man on the beach outside her house. He has no name, no jacket, no idea what he is doing there. Against her better judgement she invites him in to her home. Surrey: Twenty-one-year-old Lily Drew has only been married for three weeks. When her new husband fails to come home from work one night she is left stranded in a new country where she knows no one. Then the police tell her that her husband never existed.
Caregiving : readings in knowledge, practice, ethics, and politics
A mother's secret
Touched by grace : a divine love story
Anything for love
Too close for comfort
Bone by bone
One day in May
When you reach me
Hallowed
The Calhoun women : Suzanna & Megan
Child Poverty in a Regional Perspective: A Study of Sweden 1990 and 2010.
The golden girls
Fathering, masculinity and the embodiment of care
To pleasure a lady : a novel
This child is also mine : a narrative approach to the phenomenon of atypical custodial grandparenthood
Young wives' tales
Lone parenthood : an economic analysis
I found you
The woman who upped and left
Chasing windmills
Mummy said the f-word
All you need is love
Anthropological perspectives on care : work, kinship, and the life-course
Take mum out
Can't we talk about something more pleasant?
The happy home for broken hearts
The lying game
The next best thing
Reconciliation of work and care among lone mothers of adults with intellectual disabilities: the role and limits of care capital
Ha ooyin Islaay! = Don't cry, Sly!
The ivy chronicles : a novel
Playing with the grown-ups
A married man
Barefoot season
The mysterious Miss Mayhew
The 39-year-old virgin
Destiny's surrender
Genoa Bay : a novel
The true love quilting club
The hero
The playground mafia
Caregiver behaviors and attitudes in the home use of lipid-based nutrient supplements for treating underweight children in Malawi
The sweetest thing
