http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23403 anthropomorphism
anthropomorphism
Astro Boy. 20
Barsk : the elephants' graveyard
Astro boy. 13
Rabid : are you crazy about your dog or just crazy?
Is anthropomorphism a scientific sin? Scientists and animal researchers routinely warn against "animal stories," and contrast rigorous explanations and observation to facile and even fanciful projections about animals. Yet many of us, scientists and researchers included, continue to see animals as humans and humans as animals. As this innovative new collection demonstrates, humans use animals to transcend the confines of self and species; they also enlist them to symbolize, dramatize, and illuminate aspects of humans' experience and fantasy. Humans merge with animals in stories, films, philosophical speculations, and scientific treatises. In their performance with humans on many stages and in different ways, animals move us to think.
You must change your life : on anthropotechnics
Astro boy. 7 / translation Frederik L. Schodt
Astro boy. 15 / translation Frederik L. Schodt
Astro boy. 8
Astro boy. 9 / translation Frederik L. Schodt
Astro boy. 20 / translation Frederik L. Schodt
Astro boy. 23 / translation Frederik L. Schodt
What are the animals to us? : approaches from science, religion, folklore, literature, and art
Astro boy. 21
Material aspects of Etruscan religion : proceedings of the international colloquium Leiden, May 29 and 30, 2008
Astro boy. 15
Astro boy. 22 / translation Frederik L. Schodt
Thinking about animals and living with them are vital aspects of medieval experience. Animal Encounters explores saints' lives, hunting treatises, bestiaries, and other genres to discover how various species take part in culture making, revealing that cross-species relationships transform both their animal and their human participants.
Hetalia Axis Powers. [3]
Visions of Christ : the anthropomorphite controversy of 399 CE
Many faces of evil
Hetalia Axis Powers. [2]
Astro boy. 18 / translation Frederik L. Schodt
Animal encounters : contacts and concepts in medieval Britain
Astro boy. 22
"This critical book examines the performance of masculinity in these stories, particularly in light of the waning years of Victoria's reign when changing historical, political and social pressures altered the definition of masculinity. Topics covered include the roles of violence, rebellion, escape, spirituality, social hierarchies and law"--Provided by publisher.
The anthropomorphic lens : anthropomorphism, microcosmism and analogy in early modern thought and visual arts
Astro boy. 18
Friendship in international relations : a history of the concept
Astro boy. Books 1 and 2
Astro boy. 21 / translation Frederik L. Schodt
Animal death
"From T. S. Eliot's Sweeney to C. S. Lewis's Aslan, modern writing has been filled with strange new hybrid human-animal creatures. Feeding on consumer society, these 'modern primitive' figures often challenge mainstream ideals by discovering wealth in habitats and resources rather than in economic exchange. What compels our post-human identification with these characters?
Masculinity in children's animal stories, 1888-1928 : a critical study of anthropomorphic tales by Wilde, Kipling, Potter, Grahame and Milne
A medieval critique of anthropomorphism : Ibn al-Jawzī's Kitāb Akhbār aṣ-ṣifāt : a critical edition of the Arabic text with translation, introduction and notes
Astro boy. Vol. 7
Animality and children's literature and film
Astro boy. 10
Astro boy. 3
Sculpture in theatre : the roles motionless sculptures “play” in theatre
Astro boy. 16 / translation Frederik L. Schodt
This book analyzes the history of Mesopotamian imagery form the mid-second to mid-first millennium BCE. It demonstrates that in spite of rich textual evidence, which grants the Mesopotamian gods and goddesses an anthropmorphic form, there was a clear abstention in various media from visualizing the gods in such a form. True, divine human-shaped cultic images existed in Mesopotamian temples. But as a rule, non-anthropomorphic visual agents such as inanimate objects, animals or fantastic hybrids replaced these figures when they were portrayed outside of their sacred enclosures. This tendency reached its peak in first-millennium Babylonia and Assyria. The removal of the Mesopotamian human-shaped deity from pictorial renderings resembles the Biblical agenda not only in its avoidance of displaying a divine image but also in the implied dual perception of the divine: according to the Bible and the Assyro-Babylonian concept the divine was conceived as having a human form; yet in both cases anthropomorphism was also concealed or rejected, though to a different degree. In the present book, this dual approach toward the divine image is considered as a reflection of two associated rather than contradictory religious worldviews. The plausible consolidation of the relevant Biblical accounts just before the Babylonian Exile, or more probably within the Exile - in both cases during a period of strong Assyrian and Babylonian hegemony - points to a direct correspondence between comparable religious phenomena. It is suggested that far from their homeland and in the absence of a temple for their god, the Judahite deportees adopted and intensified the Mesopotamian avoidance of anthropomorphic picorial portrayals of deities. While the Babylonian representations remained confined to temples, the exiles would have turned a cultic reality - i.e., the nonwritten Babylonian custom - into a written, articulated law that explicity forbade the pictorial representation of God.
Many contemporary artworks evoke the human figure: consider the omnipresence of the mannequin in current installations of artists like John Miller, Thomas Hirschhorn, Heimo Zobernig, or David Lieske. Or consider the revival of a minimalist vocabulary, which embraces anthropomorphism as in the works of Isa Genzken and Rachel Harrison. This book brings together contributions from the eponymous conference, all of which seek to speculate on the reasons as to why, since the turn of the millennium, we have encountered so many artworks that tend to reconcile Minimalism with suggestions of the human figure. It proposes that this new artistic convention becomes rather questionable when discussed in the light of Franco Berardi's theory of semiocapitalism-a power technology that aims squarely at our human resources. The participants of this conference were asked to offer possible explanations for this wide acceptance of anthropomorphism could it be that this is a manifestation of the increasingly desperate desire for art to have agency?
Anthropomorphic representations in the cucuteni-tripolye culture
Modern Animalism explores representations of the human-animal 'problem creature' in a broad assortment of literature and comics from the late nineteenth century to the present -- including authors such as Woolf, Joyce, Lawrence, Moore, Murakami, Pullman, Coetzee, and Atwood, and comics creators such as McCay, Herriman, Miyazaki, and Morrison. Drawing on a wide range of scholarship, from environmental economics to psychology, Glenn Willmott examines modern and post-modern allegories of the environment, the animal, and economics, highlighting the enduring and seductive appeal of the modern primitive in an age when living with less remains a powerful cultural wish."--pub. desc.
Animal horror cinema : genre, history and criticism
Friends of interpretable objects
Art and subjecthood : the return of the human figure in semiocapitalism
Astro boy. 13 / translation Frederik L. Schodt
Astro boy. 4
Astro boy. 17 / translation Frederik L. Schodt
Thinking with animals : new perspectives on anthropomorphism
Modern animalism : habitats of scarcity and wealth in comics and literature
Astro boy. 19
Animals and society : an introduction to human-animal studies
Astro boy. 9
Astro boy. 14 / translation Frederik L. Schodt
Faces in the clouds : a new theory of religion
Astro boy. 3 / translation Frederik L. Schodt
The triumph of the symbol : pictorial representation of deities in Mesopotamia and the biblical image ban
In his major investigation into the nature of humans, Peter Sloterdijk presents a critique of myth - the myth of the return of religion. For it is not religion that is returning; rather, there is something else quite profound that is taking on increasing significance in the present: the human as a practising, training being, one that creates itself through exercises and thereby transcends itself. Rainer Maria Rilke formulated the drive towards such self-training in the early twentieth century in the imperative 'You must change your life'. In his major investigation into the nature of humans, Peter Sloterdijk presents a critique of myth - the myth of the return of religion. For it is not religion that is returning; rather, there is something else quite profound that is taking on increasing significance in the present: the human as a practising, training being, one that creates itself through exercises and thereby transcends itself. Rainer Maria Rilke formulated the drive towards such self-training in the early twentieth century in the imperative 'You must change your life'. In making his case for the expansion of the practice zone for individuals and for society as a whole, Sloterdijk develops a fundamental and fundamentally new anthropology. The core of his science of the human being is an insight into the self-formation of all things human. The activity of both individuals and collectives constantly comes back to affect them: work affects the worker, communication the communicator, feelings the feeler. It is those humans who engage expressly in practice that embody this mode of existence most clearly: farmers, workers, warriors, writers, yogis, rhetoricians, musicians or models. By examining their training plans and peak performances, this book offers a panorama of exercises that are necessary to be, and remain, a human being. -- Review: "Breathtaking ... A superb and wide-ranging analysis of those moderns who have refused to be pampered or to dwell in capitalist decadence." The Guardian "Make(s) it possible to begin to come to grips with Sloterdijk as a stirring and eclectic thinker, who addresses himself boldly to the most important problems of our age." New Republic "A tour de force that engages the history of philosophy, religion, and thought, both Western and Eastern, in ways that make you think deeply about the evolution of the human being these past few thousand years." Los Angeles Review of Books "Sloterdijk is both seriously learned and brilliantly creative, and he has a talent for wit. He deserves shelf-space alongside Nietzsche, Heidegger and Foucault." New Humanist "Sloterdijk has constructed in this beautiful text a supreme heterotopology - a place from which to think and see differently." Eduardo Mendieta, Stony Brook University "A challenging, powerful, and at times frustrating read. Sloterdijk ranges widely across literatures and topics, inspiring and provoking in equal measure. He is fortunate to have Wieland Hoban as his excellent translator. A very good antidote to the chicken-soup banalities of other life-changing philosophy." Stuart Elden, Durham University "Challenging the pious and self-righteous alarm of those who have declared war on the return to religion, Sloterdijk in his typically original irreverence argues that we cannot see today s religiosity as any sort of return. What is really at stake is the formation of the self through practices. Charting a path beyond liberal critiques of religion and post-secular pseudo-returns to spirit, Sloterdijk provides a genuinely twenty-first century approach to the problem of life-formation. This book opens up new ways of thinking about life after humanism without lapsing into the simple affirmations of the post-human." Claire Colebrook, Penn State University "Peter Sloterdijk has assembled in this book the most amazing series of practices invented in history to hold humans souls suspended to a virtual hook slightly above their head. The result is a totally original analysis of religion by the most important philosopher or rather educator of today." Bruno Latour, Ecole des mines, Paris
Ecology and literature : ecocentric personification from antiquity to the twenty-first century
Astro boy. 12
Ghosts in the machine
Astro boy. 10 / translation Frederik L. Schodt
Introducing sign language literature : folklore and creativity
What animals teach us about politics
Hetalia Axis Powers. [1]
Astro boy. 19 / translation Frederik L. Schodt
Astro boy. 23
Astro boy. 14
Astro boy. 17
Subjugated animals : animals and anthropocentrism in early modern European culture
Astro boy. 16
Political theology, anthropomorphism, and person-hood of the state : the religion of IR
"Over the past decade, animal/child relations have become the central focus of children's and young adult studies. Scholars to date, however, have continued to read the animal as a symbol of the human, or as a medium authors have used for didactic ends. This common assumption has resulted in framework that has ignored the rights and agency of not only animals, but children themselves. Children are asked both implicitly and explicitly to identify with animals, but then to position themselves as distinctly human through the mode of their interactions with both lived animals and those depicted in literature and film. By examining culturally significant and widely popular works of children's culture through a posthumanist, or animality studies lens, Animality and Children's Literature and Film argues that Western philosophy's objective to establish a notion of an exclusively human subjectivity is continually countered in the very texts that ostensibly work to configure human identity. Animality and Children's Literature and Film explores the question of identity formation - child/adult, animal/human - and investigates the overlapping, double-sided rhetorics addressing children, childhood and animals. In her analysis, Amy Ratelle draws upon popular and beloved children's texts, from Black Beauty and Charlotte's Web to contemporary films to reflect on the ways in which literature geared toward a child audience reflects and contributes to the cultural tensions created by the oscillation between upholding and undermining the divisions between the human and the animal"--
Astro boy. 12 / translation Frederik L. Schodt
Astro boy. 5
Contemporary theories of religion : a critical companion
Astro boy. 6
"The first academic study of the genre of animal horror cinema is essential for cinema and animal studies scholars as well as for fans of horror film. It defines this popular sub-genre, outlines its history and studies recent films as well as cult classics from a variety of perspectives. A central idea in the book is that animal horror cinema mirrors socially entrenched fears of and attitudes toward animals. Thus, animal horror cinema reveals attitudes toward the fabric of social life, the fragility of the eco-system and a deep uncertainty about what makes humans different from animals. The book contains chapters by scholars with different national and disciplinary backgrounds, and therefore offers a wide range of interpretations on the significance of the animal in modern horror film"--
