http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23412 after-treatment
after-treatment finishing treatment
The complete guide to professional wedding photography : creating a more profitable and fulfilling business
The information society : as post-industrial society
Constructed and Riverine Wetlands for Optimal Control of Wastewater at Catchment Scale : conference proceedings
The science of shrinkage control : an interactive guide to improved shrinkage performance
The Mastering Engineer's Handbook
This work presents a method for the fabrication of Li₂MoO₄ ceramics at room-temperature based on utilizing a small amount of water with Li₂MoO₄ powder. The densification of the ceramic takes place during pressing. Thus the shape and size of the final ceramic compact can easily be managed by controlling the mould dimensions and the amount of material. Post-processing at 120 °C is applied to remove residual water from the compact. This post-processing temperature can be chosen to be suitable to the other materials integrated, such as the substrate or electrodes, as long as the post-processing time is adequate to remove the residual water. The dielectric properties (relative permittivity of 5.1 and a loss tangent value of 0.00035 at 9.6 GHz) after optimization of the powder particle size, sample pressing pressure, and post-processing time were similar to those achieved for Li₂MoO₄ ceramics fabricated by sintering at 540 °C.The dielectric properties of Li₂MoO₄ ceramics were also modified using composite methods. For example, an addition of 10 volume-% of BaTiO₃ increased the relative permittivity from 6.4 to 9.7 and the loss tangent value from 0.0006 to 0.011 at 1 GHz. To investigate the thermal dependence of the permittivity, different amounts of rutile TiO₂ were incorporated into a Li₂MoO₄ ceramic matrix fabricated with the method described in this work. As the amount of TiO₂ increased from 10 to 30 volume-%, the thermal coefficient of permittivity decreased from 180 ppm/°C to -170 ppm/°C. The low processing temperature made the fabrication approach introduced here feasible for silver electrode integration without the formation of extra phases, which were observed in sintered samples with similar compositions in another study.A patch antenna was realized utilizing a Li₂MoO₄ ceramic disk fabricated by the room-temperature method. The antenna operating at ~4 GHz showed reasonably good performance. A relative humidity of 80% lowered the resonant frequency by 3.25% from the initial value, and reduced the total and radiation efficiencies of the antenna by ~2 dB. The changes were slowly reversible. Use of a silicone conformal coating reduced the shift of the resonant frequency to 1.26% from the initial value and also reduced the effect on efficiencies to ~1 dB. The use of the coating also speeded up the reversibility of the changes when the humidity was decreased.
Green guide for artists : nontoxic recipes, green art ideas, and resources for the eco-concious artist
A room-temperature fabrication method for microwave dielectric Li2MoO4 ceramics and their applicability for antennas
Uuden polven telapinnoitteet parantavat paperin jälkikäsittelyä = New-generation roll covers to enhance paper finishing treatment
Fix it in post : solutions for post production problems
Photoshop for 3d artists. V1 : Enchance your 3D renders! : previz, texturing and post-production
Abstract.
Advancing sustainability-oriented innovations in industrial markets
Visual effects for stereoscopic 3D contents : experiences from the Don't Look Back-project [sic]
Voice activity detection in the presence of breathing noise
Photoshop for 3D artists. v. 1 : enhance your 3D renders! - previz, texturing and post-production
Strengthening of groundwood pulp through chemical post-treatment
Video made on a Mac : production and postproduction using Apple Final Cut Studio and Adobe Creative Suite
Efficient inventory control & scrapping process : case Cargotec Services
Mastering audio : the art and the science
Greenscreen made easy : keying and compositing techniques for indie filmmakers
The all new print production handbook
Jerry D's extreme makeover techniques for digital glamour photography
