http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23461 travel brochures
travel brochures
Tankavaara : goldvillage : gold prospector museum : goldpanning site
A first visit to Britain
Successful tourism marketing : a practical handbook
Marketing communication to Russian customers in Restel Ltd. Company
Abstract.
The Business of Tour Operations
In spite of global economic crises, tourism has good future perspectives and will continue growing. Finland remains one of the most attractive tourist destinations in Europe. The highest interest to this particular country has shown Russia, represented by 2.1 million or one-third of the total number of foreign visitors in 2007. Due to strong economic growth, Russia's outbound tourism has increased tremendously during the last years. In this perspective Russian market presents new economic and business opportunities to Finland. Quality is becoming the central issue in customers' choices of destinations. Russian travellers today are more experienced in a sense of services than they were a decade ago. They appreciate personal touch, safety and peaceful atmosphere when travelling, but also demand quality services. That is why it is time for Finnish service organizations to aim their activities to this market. The aim of this project is to draw attention of the Finnish service marketers and Restel Ltd Company in particular to the strategically important Russian travellers' market and to assist the Company in meeting the Russian customers' needs. Communication in the Russian language is definitely one of the central aspects in customers' satisfaction, in the view that Communication and Understanding the customer are important dimensions of service quality in cross-cultural context. The main purpose and objective of the project is to create printed information material in the Russian language in the form of Hotel Information Guides and City Sights' Information Leaflets and to communicate these marketing messages in such a way that to help Restel partners and customers from Russia to get a clear picture about a destination they are marketing, planning to visit or visiting in Finland, providing information about cities' attractions and guidance about existing services in Restel hotels. The practical use of this material as a project outcome is one of the important steps taken in the direction of improvement in service marketing aimed at the Russian market, which will lead to customers' satisfaction and Restel Ltd Company's overall success and competitive advantage among other service providers in Finland. Understanding of the importance of the Russian language is critical for service companies in Finland, in the view that Russian travellers are indeed a significant group for the Finnish hospitality industry and will keep its position among the most important markets.
Helsinki : the city of athletics
Textual and visual gender representations in travel brochures : a case study
Tourism, geography and nation-building : the identity-political role of Finnish tourism images
Reading tourism texts : a multimodal analysis
Cultural attractions in travel marketing : Finnish tour operator point of view
The lake district of Norway : holiday tours by the Wilson Line from London
The thesis was commisioned by Oy Aurinkomatkat – Suntours Ltd Ab. The main objectives of the study were to explore how Central European tour operators view the traditional travel brochure in their marketing. The main questions were the following: what is its condition now and how is it expected to be materialized in the future, what is the number of imprented brochures, what other significant marketing channels are employed and what is the sales distribution between direct-selling and online selling.     The literature review was composed by using previous studies related to this particular subject and by diverse literature on tourism marketing and management. The stufy itself was conducted by means of structured and theme interviews. All the data were collected between the period of March 2010 and March 2011. The respondents represent the  management of each company.      The main findings of the study reveal that the Finnish tour operators, TUI based Finnmatkat and Tjäreborg, have abandoned the traditional travel brochure recently whereas the other TUI partners, TUI Ukraine and TUI Deutschland, still maintain the production and have not planned to end the production anytime soon. The reasons for the Finnish tour operators rejection of brochures included the lack of demand, environmental issues and the lack of financial, temporal and human resources as well as the huge transition into online based planning and booking. Environmental reasons seemed to be more important factors for Tjäreborg whereas Finnmatkat did not even mention the ecological aspect. It is also significant to notice the differences between the leaflets now available for the customers. TUI Deutschland defends its decision of proceeding the production by presenting the huge selection of products and segments. TUI Ukraine regards traditional brochure as convenient and needed. However, it is also possible to build a successful business without any brochure, leaflet or flyer. L'Tur is a viable example of this.
Appraising appraisal : is the appraisal theory a plausible tool for text analysis?
The social purposes of tourist brochures and their realisation in the texts introducing cities
A study on cross-cultural tourism marketing communication in the case of Finland's travel brochures for the Chinese market
Modelling the structure of a multimodal artefact
Images of Japan and the Japanese : the representations of the Japanese culture in the popular literature targeted at the Western World in the 1980s-1990s
The structure of multimodal documents : an empirical approach
Northern exposure : non-native readers and the English translations of five tourist brochures on Helsinki
Travel brochure as a marketing tool
Manual of travel agency practice
Selling tourism services at a distance : an analysis of the EU consumer acquis
Speaking of Finland ..
Visit Finland : The insider's guide
Linguistic and multimodal insights into the tourist brochures
