http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23463 Ajax programming
Ajax programming
Ajax for web application developers
New perspectives on JavaScript and AJAX
Sams teach yourself Ajax, JavaScript and PHP all in one
This thesis was conducted for Endero, an ICT service company operating in Finland and Saint Petersburg, Russia. The solution implemented is a part of a company-wide intranet that was developed for a customer operating in the pension insurance sector. The solution provides a quick launch functionality for various line-of-business applications by displaying a selection of links to these applications on the front page of the intranet. The user is provided with a collection of roughly fifty links, from which he can choose a smaller selection of links to be displayed on the front page. Furthermore, the collection of the available links can be modified by the intranet administrators. The solution is an essential part of the intranet, increasing both productivity and end-user satisfaction.    The intranet was implemented using Microsoft's SharePoint 2010 platform and the thesis product itself utilizes a SharePoint's Visual Web Part as a basis for the functionality. Although Web Parts have existed in earlier versions of SharePoint, Visual Web Parts are a new feature provided only by SharePoint 2010. The task also included working with other web development technologies, such as web services, AJAX, jQuery and a JavaScript library called Knockout.    The intranet project was conducted utilizing a cyclic development model, a method based on the elements of Scrum. The cyclic model emphasizes active communication with the customer and within the project team, and minimizes the amount of documentation. In the cyclic model, the whole development team is involved in both planning the sprints and demonstrating the results. During the sprints, the team reports their progress to the project manager and the customer in daily status meetings.    The thesis product was completed succesfully and delivered to the customer on schedule. Additionally, the customer reported that the company's employees have been very satisfied with the new intranet.     Considering the product itself, the concept of a customizable selection of quick launch links to work-aiding tools is highly universal, and it could certainly be used in other intranets, extranets and even public web sites all around the business world.
The objective of this thesis was to design and develop an interactive web application for TeliaSonera. The application was meant to become easy and simple to use. The application is a staff directory and it is based on a tool that was previously developed for TeliaSonera. The target group for this application are the employees of TeliaSonera but especially the newcomers. This application is used to search contacts, who you can ask for help and advice with solving any problem related with TeliaSonera.Tags are used to find the contacts. The application was made interactive by programming it with JavaScript and jQuery which is a JavaScript Library. PHP was used to make web application dynamic. PostgreSQL object-relational database management system was used as a database server.
Pragmatic Ajax : a web 2.0 primer
Contact Finder Web Application
Head rush Ajax
Development of the KonsoliFIN 2008 Website
Ajax, Rich Internet Applications and web development for programmers
Head first Ajax
PHP and MySQL : create-modify-reuse
Beginning JavaScript and CSS development with jQuery
Microsoft® official academic course (70-562) : Microsoft® .NET framework 3.5, ASP.NET application development
Learning jQuery 1.3 : better interaction design and web development with simple javascript techniques
Use of the Rich Internet Applications model and client-side technologies for creating more user-interactive web applications
Professional ASP.NET 2.0 Ajax
Learning Facebook application development : a step-by-step tutorial for creating custom Facebook applications using the Facebook platform and PHP
Pro ADO.NET Data Services : working with RESTful data
Learning web app development : build quickly with proven Javascript techniques
WordPress theme design : a complete guide to creating professional WordPress themes
Ajax : the definitive guide
Professional JavaScript frameworks : Prototype, YUI, Ext JS, Dojo and MooTools
Professional Joomla!
Lift in action : the simply functional web framework for Scala
Extending the web publishing process : designing a browser-based document managing component
Abstract: Development of Ajax web application using Google Web Toolkit.
Ajax programming for the absolute beginner
Microsoft® official academic course (70-562) : Microsoft® .NET framework 3.5, ASP.NET application development : lab manual
Modern JavaScript : develop and design
Seam in action
JavaScript : the complete reference
Abstract: Energy Performance Certificate.
Ajax in Oracle JDeveloper
JavaScript & AJAX for dummies
jQuery in action
Web security testing cookbook : systematic techniques to find problems fast
a SharePoint 2010 web part for displaying a customizable, per-user view of links
The definitive guide to Lift : a Scala-based Web framework
The implementation of a dynamic web application for the configuration of protection relays
Professional rich Internet applications : Ajax and beyond
Bulletproof Ajax
Development of Ajax web application using Google Web Toolkit
Development of web run-time widgets on Nokia S60 devices
Developing a social network using the Symfony framework
JavaScript and Ajax : for the web
jQuery mobile : up and running
Sams teach yourself Ajax and JavaScript
Sams teach yourself JavaScript and Ajax : video learning starter kit
Beginning smartphone web development : building JavaScript, CSS, HTML and Ajax-based applications for iPhone, Android, Palm Pre, BlackBerry, Windows Mobile and Nokia S60
New Perspectives on JavaScript and Ajax : comprehensive
Designing a rich Internet application for exam registration
Web 2.0 Security : defending Ajax, Ria, and Soa
PHP : the complete reference
Developing service-oriented AJAX applications on the Microsoft platform
jQuery : a beginner's guide
Foundations of Atlas : rapid Ajax development with ASP.NET 2.0
Ajax in practice
Abstract: Developing a Social Network Using the Symfony Framework.
Special edition using Microsoft Expression Web 2
Scriptin' with JavaScript and Ajax : a designer's guide
WordPress plugin development : beginner's guide : build powerful, interactive plugins for your blog and to share online
XML : a beginner's guide : go beyond the basics with Ajax, XHTML, XPath 2.0, XSLT 2.0, and XQuery
ASP.NET 4.0 programming
Programming World Wide Web
Murach's JavaScript & JQuery
Professional Web 2.0 programming
Foundations of ASP.NET AJAX
Zend Framework : the official programmer's reference guide. Volume 1 of 2
Genimate Ltd needed a new calibration application to replace the old system they had for their coin counter. The project started off as a work practice and afterwards continued as a thesis.  The main objective of the thesis was to finalize the application started on the practice and prepare it for implementation. The theoretical part of this thesis contains comprehensive documentation for the application, which will be useful to users but also to developers continuing with the application. Also all of the program code was commented which will also help developers' work.  The references for the application came from the documentation for the coin counter. All the other information came from inside the organization and by familiarization with the old system. Work was strongly based on Java expertise.  Considering the short timeframe the project overall went quite well. Even though some of the features are missing, the application should be usable. Overall the project gave a good idea on how software projects can and should progress.
Advanced Data Extraction Infrastructure for mobile devices : Mobile user interface and gesture support
Macromedia Dreamweaver 8 beyond the basics
Google Web Toolkit Applications
jQuery 2 recipies : a problem-solution approach
Ajax patterns and best practices
Securing Ajax applications
Learning ASP.NET 3.5
Beginning Ajax with PHP : from novice to professional
Beginning JSF 2 APIs and JBoss Seam
Reception calendar
Oracle database AJAX & PHP web application development
Pro JavaScript RIA techniques : best practices, performance, and presentation
jQuery 1.4 reference guide : a comprehensive exploration of the popular JavaScript library
Professional Ajax
JSF 1.2 components : develop advanced Ajax-enabled JSF applications
Implementation of intelligent RFID shelves
Scriptin' with JavaScript and Ajax : a designers guide
Hacking Exposed Web 2.0 : Web 2.0 security secrets and solutions
Zend Framework : the official programmer's reference guide. Volume 2 of 2
Learning Drupal 6 module development : a practical tutorial for creating your first Drupal 6 modules with PHP
Advanced Ajax : architecture and best practices
Developing large web applications
Tiivistelmä: Redesign of FreeNest Web Interface.
AJAX and PHP : building responsive web applications
Dynamic HTML : the definitive reference
JavaScript lets you supercharge your web pages with animation, interactivity, and visual effects, but learning the language isn't easy. This fully updated and expanded guide takes you step-by-step through JavaScript basics, then shows you how to save time and effort with jQuery--the library of prewritten JavaScript code--and the newest innovations from the jQuery UI plug-in.
Energy Performance Certificate
ASP.NET Ajax in action
A coin counter's calibration application
Web development solutions : Ajax, APIs, libraries, and hosted services made easy
Programming .NET 3.5
Programming ASP.NET 3.5
Ruby on Rails : up and running
Redesign of FreeNest Web Interface
jQuery and jQuery UI
Chabo for Trac : open source project
Creating a content management system using Ajax and PHP
