http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2341 jubilee years
jubilee years
Suomen rautateiden 150-vuotisjuhla = Finnish railways 150th anniversary celebration
Dat's new year
Twenty years of form and function
1938 Delaware tercentenary : establishing a Finnish presence at the 300th anniversary celebrations
Forty years of Lapponia Jewelry
The tenth anniversary of The People's Republic of China
The tug of war over "Nya Sverige" 1938
Helsinki's 400th anniversary in 1950
Yearbook of the United Nations : special edition : UN fiftieth anniversary 1945-1995
The jubilee from Leviticus to Qumran : a history of interpretation
Yearbook of population research in Finland. XXXVIII, 2002 / in collaboration with the Finnish Demographic Society ; [written by Jouko Hulkko ... et al.] ; [editor in chief Ismo Söderling] ; [language revision and translation Maija Mäkinen]
130 years of teaching art and design
Charles Darwin : after the Origin
Chinese new year
Back to basics
Tet : the Vietnamese lunar new year
Everyday adventures, problems, magical journeys, animal philosophers and joyful anarchy : Finnish children's books published in 2012-2013
Greetings, Pushkin! : Stalinist cultural politics and the Russian national bard
Elias Lönnrot and the birth of a nation : a seminar commemorating the bicentennial of Elias Lönnrot's birth, April 9, 2002 University of Helsinki
Think about it!
Alvar Aalto 100 : juhlavuoden loppuraportti = raport om jubileumsåret : report on the centenary
Come before God : in prayer and solemn feast
The major feasts of the Orthodox Church
Toward the origins of Christmas
The politics of anniversaries in Tokyo, 1889-1989
University jubilees : a new research area in the history of universities
Dates and meanings of religious and other multi-ethnic festivals 2002-2005
2000.hel.fi : Helsinki, European City of culture : ohjelma = program = programme
The Promise of His glory : services and prayers for the season from All Saints to Candlemas
The origins of feasts, fasts, and seasons in early Christianity
A walk through Jubilees : studies in the Book of Jubilees and the world of its creation
The book of Jubilees : rewritten Bible, redaction, ideology and theology
The Year of Finnish Dance 1997.
Christmas entertaining
Reaping the harvest of the Kalevala jubilee year
Celebrations : the cult of anniversaries in Europe and the United States today
The jubilee challenge : utopia or possibility : Jewish and Christian insights
Espoo : a stop on the King's road
National, Nordic or European? : nineteenth-century university jubilees and Nordic cooperation
Snellman's concept of civilisation
Ajatus : Suomen filosofisen yhdistyksen vuosikirja = Yearbook of the Philosophical Society of Finland. 35, 1973.
The Kalevala - the Finnish national epic with worldwide influence
Greeting to his holiness pope John Paul II, January 15, 2005.
Hello Hamlet : lines open for collaboration
Who are the epic-makers? : a symposium commemorating the bicentennial of Elias Lönnrot's birth, November 1-3, 2002 at the Kalevala Institute, University of Turku
RHS Chelsea flower show : a centenary celebration
The Swan : Johan Ludwig Runeberg 200 years
