http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2344 works (cultural objects)
works (cultural objects)
The solo clarinet works of Bernhard Henrik Crusell
The Shakespeare encyclopedia : the complete guide to the man and his works
A companion to phenomenology and existentialism
Between shades of gray
Learning and memory : a comprehensive reference
Ne thu ne mrat : pathama tvai
Narrative and dramatic sources of Shakespeare. Vol. 6, Other 'classical' plays : Titus Andronicus, Troilus and Cressida, Timon of Athens, Pericles, prince of Tyre
Rvhe cak to bhura samuin
Mozart and the pianist : a guide for performers and teachers to Mozart's major works for solo piano
Hundred verses from Old Japan
The big book of women saints
The essential Galbraith
Henry Moore : a monumental vision
The languages of the world
Musings on the monograph : the artistic career of Ester Helenius in the light of the art-and-life model
Encyclopedia of infant and early childhood development
Encyclopedia of stress
Walt Whitman : critical assessments. Volume 3, Writers on Whitman's writing
Going global : career information and resources for Finland
The handbook of narrative analysis
The elements of style
Booklife : strategies and survival tips for the 21st-century writer
Money : master the game : 7 simple steps to financial freedom
From frazzled to fabulous : how to juggle fatherhood, a successful career, 'me time' and looking good
Zonation : spatial conservation planning methods and software : version 4 : user manual
The celebrity playbook : the insider's guide to living like a star
Radha ne dhundha gola = Radha finds the circle
Weill's musical theater : stages of reform
Narrative and dramatic sources of Shakespeare. Vol. 2, The comedies, 1597-1603
Ranżūrah Nijlạy = The Sick Girl
David Busch's Nikon® D300s : guide to digital SLR photography
Not that kind of girl : a young woman tells you what she's "learned"
From Lost to Leading
The handbook of the study of play
Conservation of shadows
Best Finnish practices on joint construction of infrastructure networks : examples of coordinated construction of transport infrastructure, water supply networks and electricity and telecommunications cables in Finland
The Oxford history of western music
The complete sculpture of Barbara Hepworth 1960- 69
Wo shu zhu = I was born in the year of the pig
The Marx machine : politics, polemics, ideology
An E. M. Forster dictionary
Narrative and dramatic sources of Shakespeare. Vol. 3, Earlier English history plays : Henry VI, Richard III, Richard II
The introvert entrepreneur : amplify your strengths and create success on your own terms in ten steps
The comic-serious figure in Plato's middle dialogues : the Symposium as philosophical art
Barbara Hepworth : pictorial autobiography
International education : an encyclopedia of contemporary issues and systems
Maho sadha phrat thum mya
Provides a straight-talking, humorous, and helpful guide to shedding self-doubt and finding one's own path to success.
Da puṣhto khazānah = The Treasure of Pashto
Japanese for travelers : the indispensable guide to Japan : useful phrases, travel tips, etiquette
OCR AS business studies. Unit F292, Business functions
Mickey finds his way = Mickey gãseşte drumul
The SAGE handbook of child research
31 qissah-i tasvīrī : barā-yi farvardīn : 31 illustrated stories for the Month of Farvardin
The Routledge encyclopedia of research methods in applied linguistics
Grant information for researchers
A companion to intellectual history
The social science encyclopedia
Lost classics
Psychotherapy is the dialogue between patient and therapist in the diagnosis and treatment of behavioral, crisis, and mental disorders. Psychoanalysis as formulated by Sigmund Freud is the first modern form of psychotherapy and this approach has given rise to several score of psychodynamic therapies. In more recent times behavioral, cognitive, existential, humanistic, and short-term therapies have been put into practice, each with a particular focus and each giving rise to variations in structure and content of treatment as well as therapeutic outcomes. These therapy approaches relate the patient/therapist dialogue to different aspects of the therapeutic process. For instance, behavior therapies focus on the patient's conduct and cognitive therapies treat the client's thought processes. The Encyclopedia covers the major psychotherapies currently in practice as well as the classical approaches that laid the foundation for the various contemporary treatment approaches. In addition, the Encyclopedia identifies the scientific studies conducted on the efficacy of the therapies and review the theoretical basis of each therapy.
A student's guide to Einstein's major papers
Dante's divine comedy Inferno
How do we practice journalism in a digital world, in which the old 'rules' no longer apply? This text offers comprehensive, instructive coverage of the techniques and secrets of being a successful online journalist, both from a theoretical and practical point of view. Reflecting the vitality of the web, it will inspire aspiring journalists to acquire new skills and make sense of a transforming industry.
Digital retouching and compositing : photographers' guide
Martin Luther as prophet, teacher, hero : images of the reformer, 1520-1620
Hiroshi Sugimoto : Time exposed
Digital photography complete photographer
Cleaning safely with a laser in artwork conservation : COST
Efforts to assemble a comprehensive reference of universal knowledge date back to Aristotle, and some consider the work Natural History of Pliny the Elder to be the first encyclopedia. By the nineteenth century, encyclopedias had become more specialized, in line with expanding knowledge that required many sources. The Encyclopedia of Gerontology, second edition, is illustrative of the character of gerontology itself, universal by its capacious nature, while at the same time specialized. That is one reason, among many, that makes the field so extraordinary and inviting. The growth of aging populations and the advance of longevity, after all, reflect one of the great universal historic demographic shifts of all time. And with this revolution in longevity have come numerous challenges – social, economic, political, ethical, and personal – requiring a range of special adjustments. This fine encyclopedia reflects both the challenges and the adjustments.  Conventional knowledge notes that as societies increase in wealth, they are in a better position to provide social, health, and other benefits for their citizens. But based upon recently acquired knowledge, the reverse is also true, that health and longevity promote wealth. Svanborg, Manton, and others have found that as a result of social, medical, and public health advances, people not only are living longer but also are more likely to enjoy more disability-free years. These two facts strengthen the prospectus for increasing years of productive engagement. This demographic shift constitutes a great human achievement, compelling, in turn, the transformation of our culture and the personal experience of growing older that is at hand. It will lead to a body of new concepts and data concerning old age – and to an expanding encyclopedia.
The word made flesh : literary tattoos from bookworms worldwide
David Busch's Sony® α DSLR-A850 : guide to digital photography
Dream City : Helsinki
Narrative and dramatic sources of Shakespeare. Vol. 1, Early comedies ; Poems ; Romeo and Juliet
The 2nd edition of Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace and Conflict provides timely and useful information about antagonism and reconciliation in all contexts of public and personal life. Building on the highly-regarded 1st edition (1999), and publishing at a time of seemingly inexorably increasing conflict and violent behaviour the world over, the Encyclopedia is an essential reference for students and scholars working in the field of peace and conflict resolution studies, and for those seeking to explore alternatives to violence and share visions and strategies for social justice and social change. Covering topics as diverse as Arms Control, Peace Movements, Child Abuse, Folklore, Terrorism and Political Assassinations, the Encyclopedia comprehensively addresses an extensive information area in 225 multi-disciplinary, cross-referenced and authoritatively authored articles. In his Preface to the 1st edition, Editor-in-Chief Lester Kurtz wrote: "The problem of violence poses such a monumental challenge at the end of the 20th century that it is surprising we have addressed it so inadequately. We have not made much progress in learning how to cooperate with one another more effectively or how to conduct our conflicts more peacefully. Instead, we have increased the lethality of our combat through revolutions in weapons technology and military training. The Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, and Conflict is designed to help us to take stock of our knowledge concerning these crucial phenomena." Ten years on, the need for an authoritative and cross-disciplinary approach to the great issues of violence and peace seems greater than ever.
"The Pigment Compendium Dictionary" is a comprehensive information source for scientists, art historians, conservators and forensic specialists. Drawn together from extensive analytical research into the physical and chemical properties of pigments, this essential reference to pigment names and synonyms describes the inter-relationship of different names and terms. The Dictionary covers the field worldwide from pre-history to the present day, from rock art to interior decoration, from ethnography to contemporary art. Drawing on hundreds of hard-to-obtain documentary sources as well as modern scientific data each term is discussed in detail, giving both its context and composition. It includes a comprehensive list of pigment names and synonyms. It talks about the pigments used worldwide from pre-history to the present day. It contains information from hundreds of hard-to-obtain documentary sources.
Encyclopedia of consciousness
Encyclopedia of behavioral neuroscience
David Busch's Sony® α DSLR-A380/A330/A230 : guide to digital SLR photography
Newspaper writings. December 1847 - July 1873
Totally sweet love awesomeness
The Handbook of the Study of Play brings together in two volumes thinkers whose diverse interests at the leading edge of scholarship and practice define the current field. Because play is an activity that humans have shared across time, place, and culture and in their personal developmental timelines-and because this behavior stretches deep into the evolutionary past-no single discipline can lay claim to exclusive rights to study the subject. Thus this handbook features the thinking of evolutionary psychologists; ethologists and biologists; neuroscientists; developmental psychologists; psychotherapists and play therapists; historians; sociologists and anthropologists; cultural psychologists; philosophers; theorists of music, performance, and dance; specialists in learning and language acquisition; and playground designers. Together, but out of their varied understandings, the incisive contributions to The Handbook take on vital questions of educational policy, of literacy, of fitness, of the role of play in brain development, of spontaneity and pleasure, of well-being and happiness, of fairness, and of the fuller realization of the self. These volumes also comprise an intellectual history, retrospective looks at the great thinkers who have made possible the modern study of play.
Brings together concise, accurate summaries of classic topics as well as the most recent thinking and research in new areas. - Covers a broad range of issues, from biological and physiological changes in the body to changes in cognition, personality, and social roles to applied areas such as psychotherapy, long-term care, and end-of-life issues. - Includes contributions from major researchers, theorists, and methodologists from the academic and clinical realms. - Essential for experts in the field and also for students in the social sciences and humanities coming to the subject for the first time.
The handbook of bilingualism and multilingualism
Encyclopedia of gerontology : age, aging, and the aged
Real Estate Saving and Investing : A Guide for Investors
Cultural theory : the key concepts
Anja v Strane tšudes = Alice's adventures in Wonderland
Whole notes : a piano masterclass
The Extreme Searcher's Internet Handbook : A Guide for the Serious Searcher
The art of deception
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
Behavioral neuroscientists study the behavior of animals and humans and the neurobiological and physiological processes that control it. Behavior is the ultimate function of the nervous system, and the study of it is very multidisciplinary. Disorders of behavior in humans touch millions of people's lives significantly, and it is of paramount importance to understand pathological conditions such as addictions, anxiety, depression, schizophrenia, autism among others, in order to be able to develop new treatment possibilities.
OCA Java SE 7 programmer I study guide (exam 1Z0-803)
Walt Whitman : critical assessments. Volume 2, The response to the writing
Media Production : a Practical Guide to Radio and TV
Strala yoga : be strong, focused & ridiculously happy from the inside out
Comprising state-of-the-art research, this substantially expanded and revised Handbook discusses the latest global and interdisciplinary issues across bilingualism and multilingualism. Includes the addition of ten new authors to the contributor team, and coverage of seven new topics ranging from global media to heritage language learning Provides extensively revised coverage of bilingual and multilingual communities, polyglot aphasia, creolization, indigenization, linguistic ecology and endangered languages, multilingualism, and forensic linguistics Brings together a global team of internationally-renowned researchers from different disciplines Covers a wide variety of topics, ranging from neuro- and psycho-linguistic research to studies of media and psychological counseling Assesses the latest issues in worldwide linguistics, including the phenomena and the conceptualization of 'hyperglobalization', and emphasizes geographical centers of global conflict and commerce.
Writing down the bones : freeing the writer within
Stanford encyclopedia of philosophy
Scientific examination of art : modern techniques in conservation and analysis
Lāsī Injilạy = A Little Girl Carved by Hand
The online journalism handbook : skills to survive and thrive in the digital age
Ethics and climate change : a study of national commitments
Biogeochemistry : an analysis of global change
The encyclopedia of adulthood and aging
A glossary of catchwords of the Czech avant-garde : conceptions of aesthetics and the changing faces of art 1908-1958
The Cézanne Chase
The Oxford classical dictionary
The Grove dictionary of art
Kam emër Ilirie : poezi = I have an Illyrian Name : poems
Veil of fire : a novel
Diets and dieting : a cultural encyclopedia
Horror
Body and soul : a girl's guide to a fit, fun, and fabulous life
Pesmi in leta =  Poems and years
Paradise lost : John Milton
Good fiction guide
Bird Box : a novel
Handbook of descriptive linguistic fieldwork
Advice from STUK
Dam Safety Guide
Ang munting pulang inahin at ang mga butil ng trigo = The little red hen and the grains of wheat
Mastering the Art of Arms. Volume 2, The Medieval Longsword
Consciousness has long been a subject of interest in philosophy and religion but only relatively recently has it become subject to scientific investigation. Now, more than ever before, we are beginning to understand this mental state. Developmental psychologists understand when we first develop a sense of self; neuropsychologists see which parts of the brain activate when we think about ourselves and which parts of the brain control that awareness.Cognitive scientists have mapped the circuitry that allows machines to have some form of self awareness, and neuroscientists investigate similar circuitry in the human brain. Research that once was separate inquiries in discreet disciplines is converging. List serves and small conferences focused on consciousness are proliferating. New journals have emerged in this field. A huge number of monographs and edited treatises have recently been published on consciousness, but there is no recognized entry point to the field, no comprehensive summary.This encyclopedia is that reference. Organized alphabetically by topic, coverage encompasses a summary of major research and scientific thought regarding the nature of consciousness, the neural circuitry involved, how the brain, body, and world interact, and our understanding of subjective states. The work includes contributions covering neuroscience, psychology, philosophy, and artificial intelligence to provide a comprehensive backdrop to recent and ongoing investigations into the nature of conscious experience from a philosophical, psychological, and biological perspective.
This authoritative Handbook takes its lead from a number of key assumptions on the subject of research methods for child-related research. These include, to name but a couple of examples: the importance of recognising the significance of the different contexts in which children find themselves in determining the nature of appropriate research methods, and the importance of having clear ethical guidelines and standards governing the research activities of those involved in research on and with children. Accommodating basic principles such as these, this handbook aims to provide researchers, practitioners and scholars with an interest in undertaking research with children with a comprehensive and definitive manual. The book is divided into three parts, to allow for ease of navigation of the thematic structure: * Part I: Setting-Specific Issues in Child Research * Part II: Population-Specific Issues in Child Research * Part III: Methods in Research on Children and Childhood.
The body book : the law of hunger, the science of strength, the power of knowledge, and other ways to love your amazing body
Business : the key concepts
How to learn almost anything in 48 hours : shortcuts and brain hacks for learning new skills fast
Infancy is a unique period, in that at no other state is there greater growth and development. During this time, growth is occurring at a physical level, but equally impressive are the socio-emotional and cognitive developments during this time. Genetics, the womb environment, and the physical environment after birth all combine to impact the rate and manner of growth. Who we ultimately become as individuals begins here. Intended for university and public libraries, the Encyclopedia of Infant and Early Childhood Development is the major reference work that provides a comprehensive entry point into all of the existing literature on child development from the fields of psychology, genetics, neuroscience, and sociology. The scope of this work is to understand the developmental changes, when they occur, why they occur, how they occur, and those factors that influence that development. Although some medical information is included, the emphasis is on normal growth and is primarily from a psychological perspective.
Epic bike rides of the world : explore the planet's most thrilling cycling routes
What color is your parachute? : guide to rethinking interviews : ace the interview and land your dream job
Newspaper writings. August 1831 - October 1834
This encyclopedia provides thorough, up-to-date coverage of key topics, concepts, and issues, as well as in-depth studies of national educational systems throughout the world. Articles examine education broadly and at all levels--from primary grades through higher education, formal to informal education, country studies to global organizations.
Pigment compendium : a dictionary and optical microscopy of historical pigments
Korean beauty secrets : a practical guide to cutting-edge skincare and makeup
Erotic photography
Encyclopedia of Adolescence
Complete digital photography
My friends = Mis amigos
A Companion to Intellectual History provides an in-depth survey of the practice of intellectual history as a discipline. Forty newly-commissioned chapters showcase leading global research with broad coverage of every aspect of intellectual history as it is currently practiced. Presents an in-depth survey of recent research and practice of intellectual history Written in a clear and accessible manner, designed for an international audience Surveys the various methodologies that have arisen and the main historiographical debates that concern intellectual historians Pays special attention to contemporary controversies, providing readers with the most current overview of the field Demonstrates the ways in which intellectual historians have contributed to the history of science and medicine, literary studies, art history and the history of political thought.
Translating Hitler's "Mein Kampf" : a corpus-aided discourse-analytical study
1966 : Living history in the old quarters of Helsinki
Dickens : his work and his world
Bato hindne batuvahru = The pedestrians
Digital nature photography and Adobe Photoshop
Get your sh*t together : how to stop worrying about what you should do so you can finish what you need to do and start doing what you want to do
David Busch's Olympus® PEN E-P2 : guide to digital photography
We hate war, mother!
Eigo ronbun ni yoku tsukau hyogen = Useful expressions for research papers in English
The Jane Austen collection
Julie Taymor : playing with fire : theater, opera, film
Abstract.
The complete guide to Middle-Earth : Tolkien's world from A to Z
The critical reception of Alfred Döblin's major novels
Ne thu ne mrat : dutiya tvai
The size of learner lexis, exposure to English and looking up words online
Our art : the reasoning for the acquisition and placing of the public sculptures of the Jyväskylä City Art Collection in 1977-2007
"High Notes draws from six decades of Talese's work, from his long-form pieces for Esquire to his more autobiographical writings of the eighties and nineties to his twenty-first-century reflections on New York, New Yorkers, and the institution of which he is the longtime chronicler, the New York Times"--
Bon tonkhritsamat  = Shapes & things
Su tich con da trang = The legend of the tiny sea crab : the story of a man who understood animal's talking
Fieldbook of native Illinois shrubs
Like the first edition, the second edition of the Encyclopedia of Stress covers nearly every conceivable aspect and ramification of stress including a wide range of related topics such as neuroimmune interactions, cytokines, enzymatic disorders, effects on the cardiovascular system, immunity and inflammation, and physical illnesses. Over the last decade, scientists have presented convincing research showing that psychological stress increases vulnerability to disease. They now understand more clearly that stress may be the thread tying together illnesses that were previously believed to be unrelated. Bone loss, increased abdominal fat, and damaged memory cells in the hippocampus have been linked to elevated cortisol levels. Building on the success of the first edition, this completely revised work surveys the vast amount of research generated in the past five years, resulting in a substantial revision with over 30% new material and over 100 new entries. Expanded sections include Animal Studies, Anxiety and Depression, Drugs, Depression, Disasters, and Psychological and Other Therapies.
Yoga for you
Concise Routledge encyclopedia of philosophy
Circling the sun : a novel
Narrative and dramatic sources of Shakespeare. Vol. 4, Later English history plays : King John, Henry IV, Henry V, Henry VIII
Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, & Conflict
The epic of Gigamesh : H 351
Newspaper writings. December 1822 - July 1831
High notes : selected writings
The Duellist's Companion : a training manual for 17th century Italian rapier
The Venus of Ille ; The blue room : two stories
Aspects of everyday life and homely speech in the works of the church fathers
An E. M. Forster glossary
Newspaper writings. January 1835 - June 1847
David Busch's Canon® EOS Rebel T2i/550D : guide to digital SLR photography
PageMaker 7.0 from A to Z : a quick reference of more than 300 PageMaker tasks, terms and tricks
David Busch's Canon® PowerShot® G10/G11 : guide to digital photography
David Busch's Nikon® D3S/D3X : guide to digital SLR photography
The Cambridge dictionary of statistics
Encyclopedia of psychotherapy
