http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23486 dwarves
dwarves dwarfs
By a thread
Dwarves are brave, determined, hard-working, and enjoy a gamble. In Quartz, you and your fellow dwarves discover a new mine, rich with valuable crystals. Excited by the discovery, yoúve decided to make a wager. Whomever can extract and sell crystals for the most profit after five days will become owner of the mine! Beware though your "friends" will stop at nothing to win, and every swing of your trusty pickaxe risks uncovering more than just crystals. How deep will you dig, how far will you go, and how hard will you work to be the minés owner, in Quartź!
12th European Conference on White Dwarf Stars : proceedings of a conference held at the University of Delaware, Newark, Delaware, USA, 12-16 June 2000
White dwarfs : proceedings of the 10th European Workshop on White Dwarfs, held in Blanes, Spain, 17-21 June 1996
The spider
The tin drum
Charon's claw
The case of Pluto  : how a little planet made a big difference
The use of magic in transformations, weather and entrapments by Finnar, Bjarmar and other inhabitants of the north in the fornaldarsögur (ca. 1200-1400)
Circular spectropolarimetric studies of DQ white dwarfs
The hobbit, or There and back again
The secret of the blue glass
Tracking the man-beasts : sasquatch, vampires, zombies, and more
The incorruptibles
The lord of the rings. Part 3, The return of the king
Brothers in arms
Dwarf hamsters : everything about purchase, care, nutrition, and behavior
Over the hills and far away : stories of dwarfs, fairies, gnomes and elves from around Europe
Detective Strongoak and the case of the dead elf
The last threshold
Creating creatures of fantasy and imagination : everyday inspirations for painting, faeries, elves, dragons, and more
"In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit. Not a nasty, dirty, wet hole, filled with the ends of worms and an oozy smell, nor yet a dry, bare, sandy hole with nothing in it to sit down on or to eat: it was a hobbit-hole, and that means comfort." Written for J.R.R. Tolkien’s own children, The Hobbit met with instant critical acclaim when it was first published in 1937. Now recognized as a timeless classic, this introduction to the hobbit Bilbo Baggins, the wizard Gandalf, Gollum, and the spectacular world of Middle-earth recounts of the adventures of a reluctant hero, a powerful and dangerous ring, and the cruel dragon Smaug the Magnificent. The text in this 372-page paperback edition is based on that first published in Great Britain by Collins Modern Classics (1998), and includes a note on the text by Douglas A. Anderson (2001). Unforgettable!
Walt Disney's Snow White and the seven dwarfs
The silver bough
How to read the solar system
Thud!
Blue remembered Earth
Sami as giants and dwarves in Old Scandinavian literature
The novice
Stellar remnants : Saas-Fee advanced course 25, lecture notes 1995
Blood bowl : Team manager - the card game : Foul play expansion
Asteroids, comets and meteors : up in space
The fellowship of the Ring
Tangled threads
11th European Workshop on White Dwarfs : proceedings of an conference held at Tromsø, Norway, 29 June - 3 July, 1998
The lord of the rings. Part three : The return of the king
The truth
One boy's power to summon demons will change the fate of an empire.
The troll king
The Hobbit : an unexpected journey : 3D
Spider's trap
In The battle of five armies, one player leads the forces of Bolg, son of Azog - a powerful horde of orcs, goblins and wargs, reinforced by great bats from Mirkwood. His opponent commands the free peoples - wood-elf warriors, stout dwarves, and brave men of the Lake, united by the wisdom of Gandalf the Wizard.
Muddle Earth
Hobitti : odottamaton matka : 3D = The hobbit : an unexpected journey
Dwarf rabbit : a guide to selection, housing, care, nutrition, behaviour, health, breeding, species and colours
Blood of elves
The lord of the rings. Part two : The two towers
Snow White And The Seven Dwarfs
The Hobbit
The thicket
The hobbit, : or There and back again
The hobbit, or, There and back again
The fellowship of the ring : being the first part of The lord of the rings
The Hobbit : the desolation of Smaug movie storybook
Snow White and the very angry dwarf
Taru sormusten herrasta : The lord of the rings. Sormuksen ritarit = The fellowship of the ring
Homecoming. Book 1, Archmage
A new owner's guide to chihuahuas
The borrowers
The inquisition
Gulliver in the land of giants : a critical biography and the memoirs of the celebrated dwarf Joseph Boruwłaski
The lord of the rings. Part 3 : The return of the king
Artemis Fowl : the seventh dwarf
Summary.
Night of the hunter
The hobbit
The elves and the shoemaker
Këpucari dhe elfët = The elves and the shoemaker
Little people : a novel
Witches abroad
The return of the king
The legend of Drizzt
The lord of the rings. Part 2, The two towers
The battle of five armies
Blood bowl : Team manager - the card game
Snow White and the seven dwarfs
Jonathan Swift's Gulliver's travels
Children into swans : fairy tales and the pagan imagination
The sleeper and the spindle
Spiritual high
The lord of the rings. Part 2 : The two towers
Caverna : the cave farmers
The lord of the rings. [Part 3] : The return of the king
The Hobbit, or, There and back again
War of the ring
