http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2343 loading
loading
UPM Logistics cargo handling manual : paper reels, paper pallets, plywood, veneer and sawn goods
Dry bulk cargo handling techniques
IMDG code : international maritime dangerous goods code : volume 1: incorporating amendment 34-08
Transloading technology suits India's booming bulk markets
Slewing ramp converted on Sealift ship
65 years adds up to experience
Chemical product carries MS Tavi : manual ullage tables for cargo tanks
Modern diesel technology : heavy equipment systems
Finnpulp's and Finnmill's cargo space modernised
Design manual on basic wood harvesting technology
Multi-access systems serve versatile RoLo series
Products and partnerships sustain Asian market thrust
Sherlog ultrasonic tightness testing tool is type-approved
Automation and mechanisation of cargo handling in Finnish ports and ships
Improving the lifespan of an underground loader cabin door seal
First OSHA-compliant below-deck solutions supplied
IMDG Code : International Maritime Dangerous Goods Code : incorporating amendment 36-12. Volume 1
Ergonomics and usability improvement of underground loader cabin
Working in harvesting teams : work environment, quality, production. Part 2, Practical production
Load lines : International Convention on Load Lines, 1966 and protocol of 1988, as amended in 2003.
Reinforcing customer confidence
Study of intermodal transportation in Finland
More cranes and covers for Iranian fedder series
Stowage : the properties and stowage of cargoes
Pirate spares threaten ship safety
IMDG Code, International Maritime Dangerous Goods Code : incorporating amendment 37-14. Volume 1
Electrical equipment makes car carriers cleaner and more efficient
Thomas' stowage : the properties and stowage of cargoes
Developing the loading process of a distribution vehicle in a dairy
Notes on cargo work
Modernisation makes the most of proven technology
Illustrated dictionary of cargo handling
IMDG Code, International Maritime Dangerous Goods Code : amendment 38-16/ Volume 2.
Glossary of cargo-handling terms
On the stability of pallet loading layouts
Making the most of shipboard automation
It pays to plan hatch cover maintenance
The objective of this Bachelor's thesis was to improve the sealing ability and lifespan of an underground Load Haul Dump vehicle cabin door seal. The current seal design is subject to wear and tear caused by the operator's equipment as well as environmental factors that reduce the lifespan of the seal. The goal was to minimize and remove these factors to increase the lifespan of the seal and to introduce new solutions and improved concepts for the client. The first section of the theoretical part discusses some aspects of the mining environment that have impact on the seal design and introduces the requirements set for the sealing by the environment. This section also explains some of the major causes that lead to sealing failures as well as important safety aspects, concerning the cabin enclosure and door seal design. The second section of the theoretical part covers the fundamentals of sealing and ways profile size, mass and shape affect bending radius and sealing ability. This section also covers the different material options chosen for this particular application. The last chapter of the theoretical part presents the most important material properties and a comparison between the different materials is made. The practical part of the thesis discusses the design process in more detail. Considerations on how to improve the current design and elongate the lifespan of the seal are presented. Production and manufacturing cost considerations are also included as well as the introduction of different methods, designed to protect the seal from abrasion, tearing and deformations.The final section of the practical part introduces and compares the attachment methods and sealing profile concepts, designed especially for the application. The concepts were compared to each other using a comparison table. Crown and triangle profiles got the highest overall rating in the comparison, while the solid profile concept got the lowest rating. There was very little differences in the profiles with the highest rating but finally, the triangle profile was chosen over the crown profile for its better shape properties and. The direct clamp attachment method was chosen as the most suitable of the methods because of the ease of attaching and replacing, compared to the other methods. Material choice was left open at this point because materials used by different manufacturers may, at first look, appear to be identical and still have very different properties.
possible to ensure better user experience and have better motivated and more loyal operators. Definitions for pleasurable cabin and operator productivity that were created in this master's thesis are purposed to be further developed since the basic frames are now in place. The key improvement areas that were discovered and identified in this study will be developed in upcoming R&D projects.
Reform : research on freight platforms and freight organisation
The storage and handling of petroleum liquids
Chemical product carrier MS Tavi : manual ullage tables for cargo tanks
Port of Kokkola : Oy M. Rauanheimo AB
Dictionary of shipping terms
Langh Ship innovations smooth the steel transport chain
Smart intermodal European transport : SIMET
IMDG Code, International Maritime Dangerous Goods Code : incorporating amendment 37-14. Volume 2
K4 crane is designed to handle demanding transloading duties
Ship and shore conversions smooth Channel traffic flows
IMDG Code, International Maritime Dangerous Goods Code : amendment 38-16/ Volume 1.
Marine heavy lift and rigging operations
Shipping industry welcomes new lashing bridge
Jeopardising ship safety
C beyond : Cargotec's personnel magazine
Lloyd'́s survey handbook
750 years of harbour cranes in Antwerp
Logging practices : principles of timber harvesting systems
Quality products from partner plants attract overseas customers
A year of innovation
Blu code : Code of Practice for the Safe Loading and Unloading of Bulk Carriers (including Blu Manual)
IMDG Code, International Maritime Dangerous Goods Code : supplement
Ten-ship series to handle Russian river port exports
An illustrated history of cranes
Expansion supports locally based global service
Efficient and reliable hatch cover security
Purpose of this master's thesis was to discover and identify key points how underground loader operator environments could be improved. New definition for pleasurable cabin was created during the discovery phase of this study. This new definition introduces main features that are affecting to cabin pleasurability and it was used as a basis when key areas for further research were selected. While selecting the key areas for further research recent and ongoing projects were observed to avoid overlapping. Chosen key areas were ergonomics, ISE (Interior Space Envelope) and visibility from physical features and cognitive features as a whole. Also issues related to operator environment safety and quality together with issues affecting to operator health were studied. Because of the wide scope the underground loader LH517 was chosen to be used as example in this study. Key improvement areas found from this type of machine can be applied to other loader types as well. In this master's thesis ergonomics was noticed in its whole meaning. This means that the whole work system which consists of the human, work task, work tools, operating environment and work process were analyzed. In the work was noticed that it is possible to improve the total productivity by developing the ergonomics and usability of the operator compartment which then improves competitiveness in the market. A new definition about key areas affecting to operator productivity was created in this master's thesis. Literature related to ergonomics, usability and safety were widely studied to create a holistic view to these matters. Also an ergonomics and usability study for LH517 cabin was performed by an external partner as a part of this master's thesis. As for the end of this thesis there are some thoughts about how safety and total productivity could be improved even more in the future. With the help of techniques presented in this master's thesis it is also
Lift-away cover leadership in post-Panamax market
Inspections get to the root of the problem
Loading computer and IT-hub
Automation and mechanisation of cargo handling activities in Finnish ports and cargo vessels
Cargo work
Covers and cranes for multipurpose pair from Qingsham
Cargo work : the care, handling and carriage of cargoes
Seafarers, ships and cargoes : first-hand accounts of voyages by ships of the Mercantile Marine written by members of the ships ̓crews
Properly handled equipment is safer and more efficient
Shipping container
