http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23435 paracetamol
paracetamol acetaminophen
Nurses' evaluations of postoperative pain management in patients with dementia
Some challenges of postoperative pain treatment
Pain treatment with paracetamol and the effect of debridement on the outcome after endoscopic sinus surgery
Pain, persistence of pain and analgesic use in community-dwelling older Finns
Central nervous system permeation of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and paracetamol in children
From improved management of acute pain to prevention of persistent postoperative pain
The purpose of this study was to investigate the clinical implications of a combination of a peripheral opioid, paracetamol (APAP) and ketoprofen (KTP) on the intensity of acute postoperative pain by focusing on tonsillectomy (TE) and third molar extraction. A second focus in the study was to assess the utility of the surgical ultrasonically activated scalpel (HS) technique for TE.In Study I, TE was performed on one side using the HS and on the contralateral side using a "blunt dissection technique". The first TE study (I) demonstrated that - based on NRS pain scores during the first 10 postoperative hours - intra-operative blood loss and need for haemostasis were greater on the blunt dissection side than on the HS side. Pain scores were higher on the HS side than on the cold dissection side during the second postoperative week.Study III assessed the analgesic effect of a peripheral dose of 4 mg morphine. The peritonsillar infiltration of morphine locally did not significantly decrease pain compared to the control side.Studies (II and IV) included patients who were scheduled for third molar extraction. In Study II, patients received 1000 mg APAP or 100 mg KTP or both or a placebo to evaluate pain relief after third molar extraction. This study demonstrated that the mean sum of pain intensity differences scores up to the 1.5 h mark and the mean time to onset of pain relief at rest and on swallowing were favoured in the combination group more than in the APAP, KTP, and placebo groups.In Study IV, patients were assigned for a submucosal injection of 2 mg morphine or NaCl into either the non-inflamed (Trial I) or the inflamed (Trial II) peridental tissue, while the active control group received the same drugs in reverse order intramuscular (IM). Postoperative pain intensity at rest and on swallowing was assessed in all studies using the numerical rating scale (NRS). Painscores in the peripheral morphine group at rest (Trials I and II) and on swallowing (Trial I) were not associated with any further pain reduction. Pain scores on swallowing during the 2–6 hours postoperative period (Trial II) were greater in the IM morphine group.HS TE was associated with decreased pain in the early postoperative period, but there was increased pain and otalgia during the second postoperative week. Locally administered peripheral morphine was not associated with any benefit during the postoperative period after TE.The multimodal analgesia combination of a single dose of KTP and APAP demonstrated the same benefit during the early postoperative period without an increase in side effects. Locally administered peripheral morphine produced significant analgesia on swallowing during the early postoperative stage in inflamed tissue after third molar extraction.
Characterization of inhibition of platelet function by paracetamol and its interaction with diclofenac and parecoxib
Pain management options after tonsillectomy and third molar extraction
Abstract.
Pharmacokinetics of oxycodone and paracetamol in the elderly : a clinical pharmacokinetic study on orthopaedic surgical patients and healthy volunteers
