http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23470 sufficiency
sufficiency
Water resources in Finland
Enough
What has nature ever done for us? : how money really does grow on trees
Water trading and global water scarcity : international experiences
An exceptionally dry period occurred during the years 2002-2003 in Finland. Many farms had only their own well as a water supply. At some farms the wells became dry, leading to problems in water management. The aim of this study was to survey the utilisation of drinking water and shed washing water for farm animals in Finland. In addition, measures taken for water saving during the dry periods were examined. A mail-back questionnaire was sent to livestock farmers in southern, western and eastern Finland during the spring of 2004. The number of questionnaires sent out was 431, of which 92 were returned. The total response rate was 21%, being highest in southern Finland and lowest in the east. In dairy farms the consumption of drinking water varied between 1,000 and 10,000 l day-1, whereas in pig farms it varied between 2,000 and 8,000 l day-1. In broiler farms drinking water consumption varied between 8,000 and 20,000 l day-1 for 45,000-60,000 birds. The water sources of the farms were generally private wells or municipal water. Several farms had experienced problems with water sufficiency particularly during dry seasons in 2002-2003. Of those farms which had water sufficiency problems, 44% had only their own well as water supply and 56% had their own well and were also connected to the municipal water system. These farms had also experienced water sufficiency problems before the year 2002. The farms which had suffered from the dry period were located in southern Finland. Because of similar earlier problems some farms had been connected to a municipal water supply system, thus avoiding the problem during the years 2002 and 2003. The quality of water was asked in the questionnaire and no chemical quality analyses were carried out. The quality of water was poor in eight dug wells and in all the twelve examined bedrock drilled wells. The polluted wells were generally near to fields where spreading of manure had been practised. Many of the farmers were interested in water saving measures. Some of them were recycling the washing water of milking pipes and most of the others were considering this measure. In summary, a considerable amount of information considering the water sources, use, quality and problems in farms was obtained using the
Countdown : our last, best hope for a future on earth?
The last drop : the politics of water
Encouraging energy conservation with ʻno hard feelingsʻ : a two-part analysis of communication between energy companies and Finnish households
Water 4.0 : the past, present, and future of the world's most vital resource
The end of food
More or less : choosing a lifestyle of excessive generosity
Earth resources and the environment
Peaking of world oil production : impacts, mitigation and risk management
Population 10 billion : [the coming demographic crisis and how to survive it]
Evaluation of the Finnish pension system. Part 1, The pension system in Finland : adequacy, sustainability and system design
"A powerful investigation into the chances for humanity's future from the author of the bestseller The World Without Us. In his bestselling book The World Without Us, Alan Weisman considered how the Earth could heal and even refill empty niches if relieved of humanity's constant pressures. Behind that groundbreaking thought experiment was his hope that we would be inspired to find a way to add humans back to this vision of a restored, healthy planet-only in harmony, not mortal combat, with the rest of nature. But with a million more of us every 4¿ days on a planet that's not getting any bigger, and with our exhaust overheating the atmosphere and altering the chemistry of the oceans, prospects for a sustainable human future seem ever more in doubt.
State of the world 2011 : innovations that nourish the planet : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
Drinking water : a history
Soil not oil : climate change, peak oil, and food insecurity
Sustainability unpacked : food, energy and water for resilient environments and societies
Regional Electricity Market Design
Global food futures : feeding the world in 2050
"Turn on the faucet, and water pours out. Pull out the drain plug, and the dirty water disappears. Most of us give little thought to the hidden systems that bring us water and take it away when we're done with it. But these underappreciated marvels of engineering face an array of challenges that cannot be solved without a fundamental change to our relationship with water, David Sedlak explains in this enlightening book. To make informed decisions about the future, we need to understand the three revolutions in urban water systems that have occurred over the past 2,500 years and the technologies that will remake the system. The author starts by describing Water 1.0, the early Roman aqueducts, fountains, and sewers that made dense urban living feasible. He then details the development of drinking water and sewage treatment systems--the second and third revolutions in urban water. He offers an insider's look at current systems that rely on reservoirs, underground pipe networks, treatment plants, and storm sewers to provide water that is safe to drink, before addressing how these water systems will have to be reinvented. For everyone who cares about reliable, clean, abundant water, this book is essential reading"--
Imaging studies of the urinary tract in children with acute urinary tract infection
By vividly detailing the burgeoning effects of our cumulative presence, Countdown reveals what may be the fastest, most acceptable, practical, and affordable way of returning our planet and our presence on it to balance. Weisman again shows that he is one of the most provocative journalists at work today, with a book whose message is so compelling that it will change how we see our lives and our destiny"--
Water : life in every drop
Societies beyond oil : oil dregs and social futures
Population 10 Billion
Material flow analysis of automated warehouse in the dairy industry
Grand Canyon adventure : river at risk
Perceived sufficiency of physical activity levels among adults at high risk of type 2 diabetes. The FIN-D2D study
In this groundbreaking book, John Urry shows how the twentieth century created a mirage of unlimited future growth that masked its limits. He considers the nature of an oil-dependent world facing energy descent and what lessons can ce learned from past energy-constrained societies. With no large-scale plan B to energize and mobilize societies, Urry assesses the likelihood of some very different futures for this century.
Feeding frenzy : the new politics of food
Adaptive management of renewable resources
Introduction to peak oil
State of the world 2013 : is sustainability still possible?
Water sources and quality at livestock farms in Finland
Global population : history, geopolitics, and life on earth
For this long awaited follow-up book, Weisman traveled to more than 20 countries to ask what experts agreed were the probably the most important questions on Earth-and also the hardest: How many humans can the planet hold without capsizing? How robust must the Earth's ecosystem be to assure our continued existence? Can we know which other species are essential to our survival? And, how might we actually arrive at a stable, optimum population, and design an economy to allow genuine prosperity without endless growth? Weisman visits an extraordinary range of the world's cultures, religions, nationalities, tribes, and political systems to learn what in their beliefs, histories, liturgies, or current circumstances might suggest that sometimes it's in their own best interest to limit their growth. The result is a landmark work of reporting: devastating, urgent, and, ultimately, deeply hopeful.
Global economic and environmental aspects of biofuels
Do current electricity market designs ensure a sufficient electricity supply at all times? This topic is currently the subject of intense debate across Europe, and several major countries such as Germany, the UK, France and Italy have decided that additional measures - so-called capacity remuneration mechanisms - are needed to supplement current market designs. This report describes and analyses the advantages and disadvantages of a range of measures proposed or currently implemented across Europe, and includes both best estimates of how the implementation of these measures will impact Nordic electricity prices as well as recommendations to the Nordic countries regarding a cost-efficient path to ensuring the Nordic security of supply.
