http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23410 playback theatre
playback theatre
Then what happens? : storytelling and adapting for the theatre
Improvising real life : personal story in playback theatre
Storytelling performance is everywhere on the stage today: from the schtick of the stand-up comedian to the harrowing stories of verbatim theatre. This is the first book to take a comparative approach to these diverse forms to address the related questions of how story worlds are created on stage and what happens when spectators experience storytelling. Tom Maguire draws on an international range of storytelling performances to identify commonalities and distinctions, with examples including work by Anna Deavere Smith, Dario Fo, Franca Rame, Bobby Baker and Billy Connolly. He argues that storytelling performance can be characterized by the prominence of three specific factors: the degree of emphasis on narration in performance; the use of specific (epic and post-epic) modes of performance; and the immediate reciprocity of the relationship between the teller and the audience. His case study method generates detailed discussions and draws out conclusions with widespread application.
Courage and strength : creative work with children
Deaf world : a historical reader and primary sourcebook
Considering calamity : methods for performance research
Speaking out : storytelling and creative drama for children
Teaching drama 11-18
The Winter's tale in performance in England and America 1611-1976
Dance, human rights, and social justice : dignity in motion
Performing remains : art and war in times of theatrical reenactment
Do my story, sing my song : music therapy and playback theatre with troubled children
African folklore
Deaf American literature : from carnival to the canon
Shadows of empire : colonial discourse and Javanese tales
Playing the other : dramatizing personal narratives in playback theatre
In the studio with Joyce Piven : theatre games, story theatre and text work for actors
Theatrical anecdotes
In Then What Happens?, Mike Alfreds makes the case for putting story and storytelling back at the heart of theatre. He explores the whole process of adapting for the stage, and investigates the particular techniques - many of them highly sophisticated - that actors require when performing "story-theatre". The book includes over two hundred exercises, improvisations and workshops dealing with the practical aspects of story-theatre, such as building an ensemble, creating a physical vocabulary, and transforming written narrative into drama. It draws on examples ranging from traditional legends and folklore, through the works of Jane Austen, Charles Dickens and Evelyn Waugh, to contemporary fiction. Alfreds shows how each story demands its own particular set of dramatic choices, opening up endless possibilities for performance.
Performing story on the contemporary stage
Gathering voices : essays on playback theatre
Forms of folklore in Africa : narrative, poetic, gnomic, dramatic
Painting the city red : Chinese cinema and the urban contract
Oral literature of Korea
