http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23493 feet
feet
The physiology of the joints. Volume 2, Lower limb
Reconstructive foot and ankle surgery : management of complications
Bioabsorbable poly-L/D-lactide 96/4 (PLDLA) implant in hand and forefoot joint in chronic inflammatory arthritis
Abstract. The purpose of this thesis was to compile information for students regarding the flat-foot condition. The information collected covers the etiology of flatfoot, problems caused by the disorder, factors that exacerbate the symptoms, diagnosis and possible treatment for different the symptoms. Flatfoot disorder used to be mainly associated with children as part of growing pains caused by their immature musculoskeletal system. However, of late, even the adult population has been affected by the flatfoot syndrome most likely due to increased urbanization. There has been a change in lifestyles, which is now characterised by a lot of hard surfaces, less physical activity, obesity and its associated diseases and fashion. The flatfoot is a disorder which often leaves the sufferer incapacitated. Pain is the most common symptom which limits mobility, physical activity and even work ability. This can be experienced locally in the foot or referred to other parts of the body for instance the leg, knee, hip or even low back. There are several therapeutic solutions for the pathology for instance medication (NSAIDS, cortisone injections, pain killer), soft tissue mobilization, stretching, exercising. Surgery is the last remedy when conservative treatment has failed to yield positive results however, this has often not had any positive results either. In this regard focus should therefore be on early diagnosis and conservative therapy which will mainly involve exercises, stretching, orthoses and patient education. This thesis' focus was, therefore, on the conservative therapy, a specialty of the physiotherapy students. The final product was a guide for the physiotherapy students to be used to enhance their knowledge not only on the foot and ankle disorders, but also physiotherapy at large. Theoretical data was used in the thesis work. Data was collected from one physiotherapy clinic on conservative measures they often use on patients with the flatfoot syndrome. More information regarding the subject matter was also collected from articles, books, and websites.
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 2, The lower extremity
Foot health in older people : development of a preventive, evaluative instrument for nurses
Know your feet : a student's guide to managing (symptomatic) flatfeet
Baxter's the foot and ankle in sport
Massage and manual therapy for orthopedic conditions
Orthopedics
Foot massage : simple ways to revive, soothe, pamper and feel fabulous all over
