http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23483 closeness
closeness intimacy
Regional development and proximity relations
Just say no? : the influence of personal goals, beliefs, psychosocial adjustment, and parental relationship in drug use by adolescents
Empowerment practice in social work : developing richer conceptual foundations
Modern couples? : continuity and change in heterosexual relationships
Friendship family love & laughter : M.I.L.K
Barry lives all by himself deep in the forest. But this furry chap is never on his own for long. 'Come here, Snuggle-wuggles'. Oh dear! All the other animals won't stop cuddling him! There are simply too many hugs to handle. How can he get them to stop?
Romantic intimacy
Couple relationships in the 21st century
Voicing relationships : a dialogic perspective
Grey
Performing proximity : curious intimacies
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
Just say no? : the influence of personal goals, beliefs, psychosocial adjustment, and parental relationships in drug use by adolescents
The Renaissance rediscovery of intimacy
Attachment parenting : instinctive care for your baby and young child
How does proximity between audiences and performers change the nature of live performance? How does it feel? How long can it last? How close is too close? Exploring the rise of close encounter, immersive productions that shine a light on performer-audience relationships, this book considers the impact of space and proximity in live performance. Drawing on their experience as internationally acclaimed performance artists, Leslie Hill and Helen Paris richly document their creative processes, performances and audience's responses in a series of illuminating case studies. Relating their practice to wider issues in contemporary performance and detailing workshop exercises that aid performance making, this unique fusion of artistic and academic reflection is crucial reading for students, scholars and practitioners alike.
Academic knowledge creation as a spatio-temporal process:the case of international research groups in Finland
Mann und Frau intim = Man and woman intimately : Galerie im Kunsthaus Erfurt, [Weimar, 27.11.2004-15.1.2005] / [Herausgeber = editor: Tely Büchner]
Fifty shades of Grey
An introductory guide to the sacred sexuality practices of modern schools of Tantra, and how you can use them to find meaning and healing in physical relationships.
When you love someone, how does it feel? And when you desire someone, how is it different? In Mating in Captivity, Esther Perel looks at the story of sex in committed couples. Modern romance promises it all - a lifetime of togetherness, intimacy and erotic desire. In reality, it's hard to want what you already have. Our quest for secure love conflicts with our pursuit of passion. And often, the very thing that got us to into our relationships - lust - is the one thing that goes missing from them. Determined to reconcile the erotic and the domestic, Perel explains why democracy is a passion killer in the bedroom. Arguesfor playfulness, distance, and uncertainty. And shows what it takes to bring lust home. Smart, sexy and explosively original,Mating in Captivity is the monogamist's essential bedside read.
The blind side of the heart
The prison of perspective
What happens in the relationship between audience and performer? What choices are made in the space of performance about how we attend to others? A Strange Proximity examines stage presence as key to thinking about performance and ethics. It is the first phenomenological account of ethics generated from, rather than applied to, contemporary theatrical productions. The ethical possibilities of the stage, argues Jon Foley Sherman, rest not so much in its objects - the performers and the show itself - as in the "how" of attending to others. A Strange Proximity is a unique perspective on the implications of attention in performance.
Changing relations : achieving intimacy in a time of social transition
Living, loving, and loss : the interplay of intimacy, sexuality, and grief
The global and the intimate : feminism in our time
The science of intimate relationships
Intimacies : a new world of relational life
"Popular and scholarly interests in Bloomsbury have been robust in recent years, with film adaptations of Virginia Woolf's and E. M. Forster's novels, homages by Michael Cunningham and Zadie Smith, biographies of several group members, critical examinations of its literary and philosophical importance, and studies of its role in the history of liberalism, feminism, pacifism, gay liberation, and other aspects of culture and politics. This interest suggests that Bloomsbury illuminates many dimensions of modern life. The current turn in modernist studies - toward examining modernity (a social phenomenon) as the context for modernism (aesthetic responses to this phenomenon) - also suggests that Bloomsbury deserves a central role in the story of literary modernism"--
Fifty shades of grey
Mating in captivity : sex, lies and domestic bliss
All the words are yours : haiku on love
Communicating with the cow : human-animal interaction in written narratives
Have heterosexual relationships become more intimate and equal over the past forty years? Simply put, this is the central question underpinning this book. Within the context of late modern social processes, including most notably individualization and detraditionalization, authors such as Giddens, Beck and Beck-Gernsheim, and Bauman have come to focus on a posited transformation of personal relationships. This has culminated in a sociological debate over the nature of contemporary relationships, with proponents of change celebrating the emergence of an intimacy based on personal satisfaction rather than traditional obligations. Detractors reject this interpretation and instead lament what they consider to be the destruction of commitment and the demoralisation of personal relationships by the rise of individualism and consumerism. While these two entrenched positions have dominated the debate, a third, marginalised perspective has emerged, which questions the extent to which contemporary relationships have become detraditionalized, and emphasises evidence of continuing gender inequalities.
Acquaintances : the space between intimates and strangers
Fifty shades darker
The social psychology of gender : how power and intimacy shape gender relations
No more cuddles!
The perfect hug
Brief interviews with hideous men
Grey : Fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
The Science of Intimate Relationships represents the first interdisciplinary approach to the latest scientific findings relating to human sexual relationships. Offers an unusual degree of integration across topics, which include intimate relationships in terms of both mind and body; bonding from infancy to adulthood; selecting mates; love; communication and interaction; sex; passion; relationship dissolution; and more Summarizes the links among human nature, culture, and intimate relationships Presents and integrates the latest findings in the fields of social psychology, evolutionary psychology, human sexuality, neuroscience and biology, developmental psychology, anthropology, and clinical psychology.
The continuum concept
Together
Everyday friendships : intimacy and freedom in a complex world
Intimacy and power : the dynamics of personal relationships in modern society
Bloomsbury, Modernism, and the Reinvention of Intimacy
Scripts and communication for relationships
"Bloomsbury, Modernism, and the Reinvention of Intimacy integrates studies of six members and associates of the Bloomsbury group into a rich narrative of early twentieth century culture, encompassing changes in the demographics of private and public life, and Freudian and sexological assaults on middle-class proprieties Jesse Wolfe shows how numerous modernist writers felt torn between the inherited institutions of monogamy and marriage and emerging theories of sexuality which challenged Victorian notions of maleness and femaleness. For Wolfe, this ambivalence was a primary source of the Bloomsbury writers' aesthetic strength: Virginia Woolf, D. H. Lawrence, and others brought the paradoxes of modern intimacy to thrilling life on the page. By combining literary criticism with forays into philosophy, psychoanalysis, sociology, and the avant-garde art of Vienna, this book offers a fresh account of the reciprocal relations between culture and society in that key site for literary modernism known as Bloomsbury"--
Design, principles and problems
Art and intimacy : how the arts began
Fragmented intimacy : addiction in a social world
Couple Relationships in the 21st Century presents an incisive and engaging account of love, intimacy and personal life in contemporary Western society. The authors draw on rich qualitative and large-scale survey data to explore how couples communicate with each other, negotiate the pressures and pleasures of parenthood, and the vagaries of sexual desire and intimacy across life course. Focusing on 'the everyday', this book unpicks the ordinary and often mundane relationship work that goes into sustaining a relationship over time, breaking down the dichotomy between enduring relationships of quality and good enough or endured relationships. It contests the separation of couples into distinct relationship types - defined through age, parenthood or sexuality. Looking through the lens of relationship practices it is clear that there is no 'normal couple': couples are what couples do. Providing an invaluable critical insight on contemporary experiences of coupledom, this book will be essential reading for scholars and students, clinicians working in couple and family therapy, or those simply interested in couple relationships and how they work.
The woman on the stairs
" No one has failed to notice that the current generation of youth is deeply-some would say totally-involved with digital media. Professors Howard Gardner and Katie Davis name today's young people The App Generation, and in this spellbinding book they explore what it means to be "app-dependent" versus "app-enabled" and how life for this generation differs from life before the digital era. Gardner and Davis are concerned with three vital areas of adolescent life: identity, intimacy, and imagination. Through innovative research, including interviews of young people, focus groups of those who work with them, and a unique comparison of youthful artistic productions before and after the digital revolution, the authors uncover the drawbacks of apps: they may foreclose a sense of identity, encourage superficial relations with others, and stunt creative imagination. On the other hand, the benefits of apps are equally striking: they can promote a strong sense of identity, allow deep relationships, and stimulate creativity. The challenge is to venture beyond the ways that apps are designed to be used, Gardner and Davis conclude, and they suggest how the power of apps can be a springboard to greater creativity and higher aspirations"--
The app generation : how today's youth navigate identity, intimacy, and imagination in a digital world
Capacitive antenna sensor for user proximity recognition
Mating in captivity : reconciling the erotic and the domestic
A strange proximity : stage presence, failure, and the ethics of attention
Intimacy across visceral and digital performance
Are you my mother? : a comic drama
The language of sex : experiencing the beauty of sexual intimacy
Tantra : how our relationships can become a path for spiritual growth
The empire of love : toward a theory of intimacy, genealogy, and carnality
The SAGE handbook of communication and instruction
The porcupine that wanted to be hugged
Mommy is a soft, warm kiss
Fifty shades freed
Mapping intimacies : relations, exchanges, affects
