http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23472 online communities
online communities
Capturing tacit knowledge from young girls
Effective, agile and trusted eServices co-creation : proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Electronic Commerce : ICEC 2013, August 13-15, Turku, Finland
A Methodology for Developing Applications on Social Networking Sites
Heteroglossic and multimodal resources in use : participation across spaces of identification in a Christian lifestyle sports community
Making sense of social media : interviews and narratives : Somed foresight report 2
Virtual worlds and criminality
Steinmeier accepted your friend request : German Social Democrats and their online communication through Facebook during the 2009 parliamentary elections
Privacy & identity management : data protection issues in relation to networked organisations utilizing identity management systems
Snaptz : the new service of Concilio Networks customer satisfaction analysis
Mobile technology for interest-based communities : concept design with a knowledge-based approach
Virtual community practices and social interactive media : technology lifecycle and workflow analysis
"This book makes a step toward an improved understanding of existing literature, prevalent practice and future trends related to community thinking, virtual practices and their intertwining with new technologies and social media"
Identity construction and performance in real world and in social network sites : case study of Facebook
Twitter : tips, tricks, and tweets
The role of zooplankton in littoral communities : diversity and food web interactions in the Baltic Sea
Methods and tools for collaborative networked organizations
TravelersAround : find fellow travelers around you based on your current location - on the go
Life on Instagram : 2017.
Facebook for seniors
Swedish summary: Ett virtuellt samfund (s. 72-80).
"A guide for librarians to develop a new relationship with technology that preserves the core mission of libraries while responding to the needs of a new generation of library clients"--Page xxii.
The social media phenomenon is the latest trend today. During the past couple of years, e-mailing and text messaging have given way somewhat to networking on the Internet. Social networking sites, such as MySpace and Facebook, have become particularly popular. Everyone seems to be a part of some Internet community; it seems that nobody wants to be left out.     Lately, the press has reported of a couple of negative incidents where, for example, people have been fired for reasons relating to Facebook use. In worst case scenarios, public status updates have even led to homicides. Networks, which were originally created to maintain relationships, have become surprisingly important in many people's lives. The purpose of this research was to find out what motivates young women to use Facebook and how big of a role it plays in their lives. The research also discusses the world of social media in general. The research group consists of 20- to 35-year-old Finnish women, all registered users of Facebook. To collect the data for this thesis, a quantitative method was used and a structured questionnaire was made, which was sent to the respondents electronically with the Webropol program. The results were tabulated on Microsoft Excel. As a result of the answers submitted to the questionnaire, it can be stated that young women enjoy being on Facebook, mostly to maintain friendships, but also to follow other people's lives. Facebook is not a deadly serious matter, but many have admitted a slight addiction and say that they log in everyday.
Asylum, migration and community
CouchSurfers' motivations to host travelers in Spain
Essential Facebook® development : build successful applications for the Facebook platform
Travel connections : tourism, technology, and togetherness in a mobile world
The rough guide to the Internet
Marketing to the social web : how digital customer communities build your business
Managing stakeholders of non-profit organization (NPO) through virtual communities of supporters
Citizen marketers : when people are the message
Post-purchase evaluation in the smartphone market : an investigation into cognitive dissonance among iPhone and other smartphone brand owners
Creative network communities in the translocal space of digital networks
Learning from cosmopolitan digital musicians : identity, musicianship, and changing values in (in)formal music communities
Christianity and digital culture : analysis of users' experiences of the christian social networking site in Taiwan - Walei
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
Social Commerce : the underlying trend of social commerce
Development of Reiluraisio : a community social nerwork service with modern web tools
Giving support on the Internet : a case study of MS crossroads
The patron-driven library : a practical guide for managing collections and services in the digital age
Collaboration in online communities : exploring Finnish Wikipedia
Invisible connections : dance, choreography and internet communities
"His 'wife'? A horse." : using jargon to establish and maintain community boundaries on the internet
The facebook guide for people over 50
The Routledge companion to digital ethnography
Reiluraisio is a social network service that visions the connection of virtual and real world. It aims to make people in control of what they do, call them to act on the problems and take in charge of solutions. It is not a rebellious place but a place where people can share their opinions, ideas and promote them in the form of a group. The system itself should be a usable community development service and should be easily accessible. The idea of "Reiluraisio" was commissioned by Jouni Ylinen, the proprietor of a company "Prohelsingius", located in Raisio, Finland. This thesis describes the process of developing such a service. In today's connected world, to make the service more accessible and easily available web technology was chosen. This thesis describes the creation of a custom web framework for such a service. It also documents the modern web technology used to make websites and different development tools used during the process. Then, it explains the choices of programming languages, database management systems and operating system where the service would be running after the development. The end result of the thesis is a fully functional community development social network service that can be found and used easily for different purposes on the internet.
Collaborative media : production, consumption, and design interventions
Constructing a community : myths and realities of the Open Development Model
CouchSurfing : experiences, reputation, references and decision-making in an online hospitality network
Social media marketing all-in-one for dummies
"Heippahei kaikki sweetheartsit" : bilingual practices in community and identity construction on the Finnish online discussion forum HIMa
An introduction to cybercultures
Facebook marketing : all in one for dummies
Core factors influencing satisfaction with a Chinese social networking site page service
The conversation company : boost your business through culture, people and social media
Theoretical offensive cyber militia models
Finnish fandom of Japanese popular culture : what are the Finns doing for anime, manga, and J-rock?
Marketing in virtual worlds
One step back, two steps forward : dialectical birthpangs of the modern Western worldview, as reflected in the works of Christopher Marlowe, Francis Bacon and Gerrard Winstanley
The use of instagram for destination marketing : case Tourism Australia
Value co-creation through virtual community environment in magazine publishing industry : case: Oma Olivia
The objective of this thesis was to develop an online service for travelers who'd like to meet other travelers while on the go. The development process covered the software analysis, design and implementation of the system. TravelersAround is an online service provided to travelers around the world, who would like to spontaneously meet fellow travelers or even the locals, without any need to plan anything in advance. Many times, travelers decide to go on a trip alone, because none of their friends were available at that time or they couldn't find common interest for the same destination. That's where TravelersAround comes in. As a solo traveler, you would benefit the most out of it. Travelers log onto the system and receive a report of fellow travelers around their current location. The report is shown in real-time and provides up-to-date information. The system was developed in a short time and therefore includes the core features and functions, such as: searching for fellow online travelers in the area, sending and receiving messages, profile status updates and managing friends list. These features will provide the building block of the system's further development. Future development will feature mobile phone application for the popular smart phones in the market. The system was developed in C# programming language, .NET Framework 4.0 and SQL Server 2008 and released under the MIT OSI license. In addition, several third party open source libraries were used (refer to the Appendix 2 : Software Design documentation for the full list).
Everyday Twitter made easy
Raising a digital child : a digital citizenship handbook for parents
I learned through the grapevine : agency and participation in a changing culture of musical learning
Small closed virtual communities : case: power and support from the net rehabilitation courses for people with multiple sclerosis
Facebook for dummies
Using Facebook
The neighborhood in the Internet : design research projects in community informatics
Music goes social! : music startups' viewpoints on marketing communications, social media and music industry
“They just wanna know your business” : education students' representations of online communities
ROI of social media : how to improve the return on your social marketing investment
Nancy Drew : identity theft
Virtual goods sales : new requirements for business modelling?
Facebook companion
Identity problems in the Facebook era
Community marketing: How businesses implement Web 2.0
Facebook me! : a guide to having fun with your friends and promoting your projects on Facebook
The future of us
From one of the world's leading experts in cyberpsychology--a discipline that combines psychology, forensics, and technology--comes a groundbreaking exploration of the impact of technology on human behavior. In the first book of its kind, Mary Aiken applies her expertise in cyber-behavioral analysis to a range of subjects, including criminal activity on the Deep Web and Darknet; deviant behavior; Internet addictions; the impact of technology on the developing child; teenagers and the Web; cyber-romance and cyber-friendships; cyberchondria; the future of artificial intelligence; and the positive effects on our digital selves, such as online altruism.
Without their permission : the story of Reddit and a blueprint for how to change the world
Pinterest perfect! : creative prompts & pin-worthy projects inspired by the artistic community of Pinterest / Flora Chang ... [et al.]
Spatial ecology of food webs : herbivore-parasitoid communities on the pedunculate oak
Benefits and challenges of virtual teams
Interpersonal evaluation of knowledge in distributed team collaboration
Twitter marketing for dummies
Transnational Spaces in the Virtual World : Dominican Migrant Communities in the Social Media
TOPmodels and top designers : forms of social interaction and creativity in the TOPmodel online forums
The Impact of Social Networking at HAAGA-HELIA
Building Online Communities with Drupal, PhpBB, and Wordpress
Digital innovation : innovation processes in virtual clusters and digital regions
We examined the influence of meme consistency (vs. inconsistency) and intragroup status on the spread of memes in virtual communities. Prior research suggests that information consistent with the theme of the group is remembered better and that ideas threatening to the group identity are rejected. In addition, previous research shows that low-status group members mimic high-status members and communicate with them to seek information and approval. We analyzed social interactions among members of four online forums from January 1, 2010, to February 21, 2014. Contrary to our prediction, our results show that memes initiated by low-status members spread faster than memes started by high- or moderate-status members. In line with prior research, memes that were consistent with a forum theme were spread more frequently than inconsistent memes..
The Twitter book
MobileMonday culture : the lure of participatory space
Information sharing in the era of social media
Interpersonal boundary regulation in the context of social network services
Social media in the marketing context : a state of the art analysis and future directions
The thesis investigates the opportunitites that business-to-business companies have in the social media market and to facilitate an understanding of the LinkedIn environment. The objective is to create a manual supporting Nets, a company in the IT industry, to enter the social media environment through LinkedIn. The thesis consists of six parts; introduction, history of social networking sites, social media marketing, case company analysis, benchmarking and strategic planning. The benchmarking process is done through desk research, by collecting information about competitors' and non-competitors' company pages on LinkedIn. The research started in June 2013 and was completed in October 2013. The findings reveal best-in-class-examples such as videos supporting employer branding, nicheing content to reach the target groups and failures such as use of non-relevant videos, sales pitches glorifying the company and low quality graphics. The results of the benchmarking and strategic analysis are used as the basis for the LinkedIn handbook, to support the internal social media processes and create a common understanding of how to use LinkedIn for the case company.
Linkedin for dummies, 2nd edition
Service oriented support solution for global virtual teams
Successful leadership in virtual teams
Creating shared understandings of interpersonal relationships in online settings
"A million DIY projects" : the netnographic study of Pinterest as a creative community for women
Meet charities online : How can charities utilize social media as a promotional tool?
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
Profile work of online-shared music listening information
Social capital and knowledge sharing in global virtual teams
Individuals' use of e-mail communication genres in open source software community building
Post-Purchase Evaluation in the Smartphone Market: An Investigation into Cognitive Dissonance among iPhone and Other Smartphone Brand Owners
Ning for dummies
"Quit your ♥♥♥♥♥ing and play the game" : impoliteness in a gaming-oriented online discussion forum
The complete idiot's guide to Facebook
Community-centric mobile peer-to-peer services: performance evaluation and user studies
Conflict talk in online communities : a comparative study of the Something Awful and 4chan web-forums
Social media marketing for digital photographers
Principles of social media monitoring and analysis software
Facebook all-in-one for dummies
A virtual community for Finnish stakeholders in the Russian market : how to create it and what is the mission?
Abstract: Post-purchase evaluation in the smartphone market : an investigation into cognitive dissonance among iPhone and other smartphone brand owners. Purpose    The main objective was to investigate whether iPhone owners experienced less cognitive post-purchase dissonance than other brand owners and was this due to the marketing communications efforts of Apple Inc., from hereon called Apple. Finally, the influence of Web 2.0 in the process of post-purchase evaluation was examined. Web 2.0 is a version of the Internet and it encourages towards user engagement on websites such as Facebook.    Methodology    A critical review of the literature on cognitive dissonance was carried out and an online questionnaire was sent out to three hundred and five people. Sixty-eight responses were received. Of the respondents, forty-nine had a smartphone, of which twelve had an iPhone and thirty seven had other brand phone. Both quantitative and qualitative research methods were applied, but the emphasis was on quantitative.    Findings    In many instances iPhone owners were more satisfied with their choice than the other brand owners. However, there were no particular indicators of the other brand owners being distinctively more dissonant than iPhone owners. There was no particular difference in the recall rate of traditional marketing communications efforts of Apple between iPhone and the other brand owners, but iPhone owners were significantly more present in Web 2.0 and recalled encountering iPhone more.    Research Limitations/Implications    The survey was carried out in the smartphone market with a small sample so caution needs to be taken when generalising the results. It would be interesting to study all brands as separate groups and compare the level of dissonance between them.    Practical Implications    The main conclusion was that more effort should be put on marketing communications in Web 2.0 when aiming to decrease dissonance.    Originality/Value    As there is little published literature or research on the Web 2.0 and cognitive dissonance in the smartphone market, this study provides valuable insight on smartphone owners' post-purchase evaluation and behaviour online.
Advertising in social media - effective or not?
Becoming intimately mobile
Facebook & Twitter for seniors for dummies
Pinterest for dummies
Maintaining and Extending Social Networks in IRC-galleria
"I am on Facebook, therefore I am" : a study of young women's motives for using Facebook
TravelersAround : Find fellow travelers around you based on your current location - on the go
Communities in cyberspace
Virtual Team Success : a practical guide for working and leading from a distance
Social engineering attacks in online social networks : a systematic literature review
LinkedIn for dummies
Mastering virtual teams : strategies, tools, and techniques that succeed
'Gaming Live!' provides a complete guide to live streaming and gaming. It features exclusive interviews directly from the biggest YouTube and Twitch stars in the world. It's an essential guide for anyone and everyone who wants to get involved with the incredible world of live streaming!
Case study of a virtual community : the Hepatitis B camp
Cyberscience 2.0 : research in the age of digital social networks
Translation as a social activity : [community translation 2.0]
User-driven community-based service development
"We fangirls need our fanservice" : a study on the topics of discussion in a predominantly female online football community
Culture and trust in global virtual teams : a case study in a multinational enterprise
Development of maternity clinic on the net service : views of pregnant families and professionals
Technology and knowledge flows : the power of networks
LinkedIn top success secrets and best practices : LinkedIn experts share the world's greatest tips
Media, environment and the network society
Shaping virtual lives : online identities, representations, and conducts
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Manager's guide to virtual teams
Distributed leadership and the visibility/invisibility paradox in on-line communities
"How can we use this new social media channel most effectively to drive more revenue, profit, brand and share at highest ROI and least risk?" --The concepts in this book can be applied to any social marketing channel and any combination of traditional and social media. --ROI of Social Media is truly global in nature presenting case studies from around the world including Dell (Europe), Comcast (North America), Guinness Anchor Berhad (Malaysia) and Microsoft Asia Pacific. With this range of case studies, the reader will be able to apply these concepts to their business whether they are based in New York, Shanghai, London or Sydney. --The book presents with an 8-step process to strategize, develop, implement and measure an effective social marketing strategy. -- Book Jacket.
humanization of brands through emotional engagement : case Facebook
Enterprise portals in e-learning : [welcome to e-learning]
A comparison of the impacts of introduced signal crayfish and native noble crayfish in boreal lake ecosystems
Google+ : the missing manual
"Naturally wired to learn" : beliefs about SLA in an online community
Making YouTube videos : star in your own video!
Profile work for authenticity : self-presentation in social network services
Socially produced cross-media : - defining premises for businesses in the new era of media
Virtual communities' influence on consumer's purchase behaviour
Democratic interfaces : decision-making tools for online communities
Pictorial practices in a "Cam Era" : studying non-professional camera use
The crowdsourcing handbook : the how to on crowdsourcing, complete expert's hints and tips guide by the leading experts, everything you need to know about crowdsourcing /.
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Willingness to self-disclosure in one virtual community
Flash 10 multiplayer game essentials : create exciting real-time multiplayer games using Flash
Exploring value propositions and value drivers in task oriented information intensive online communities : case study - metal detecting find database
Twitter top success secrets and best practices : Twitter experts share the world's greatest tips
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Amateur subtitling in Finland : a grounded theory study
Digital decisions : how digital signage networks generate profit
Facebook : the missing manual
A path towards networked organisations : the push of digital natives or the pull of the needs?
Gaming live! : your guide to video game livestreaming
Value co-creation through virtual community participation
Impact of status and meme content on the spread of memes in virtual communities
The big book of virtual teambuilding games : quick, effective activities to build communication, trust and collaboration from anywhere!
Mining creativity research to inform design rationale in open source communities
"The best-selling first two editions of Mastering Virtual Teams offered a succinct guide for managers who must help people from different parts of the company, different countries, and different cultures work together efficiently and effectively. In this newly revised and expanded third edition, the authors - both respected global management experts - have updated the contents to reflect the most current analysis and reflect today's changing business environment. In this comprehensive book, the authors tackle the challenges of today's virtual team hard-on."--BOOK JACKET.
The cyber effect : a pioneering cyberpsychologist explains how human behavior changes online
Utilizing the social media as a B2B company in the IT industry
Distributed leadership collaboration factors to support idea generation in computer-supported collaborative e-learning
Proceedings of formal aspects of virtual organisations 2008
Leveraging social networking services on multipurpose public displays
The Moé manifesto : an insider's look at the worlds of manga, anime, and gaming
Virtual research environments : from portals to science gateways
Networking in universities : how universities can accept the challenge and take an active, formative role
Social networking for the older and wiser : connect with family and friends, old and new
