http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23496 honour related violence
honour related violence
Sex crimes, honour, and the law in early modern Spain : Vizcaya, 1528-1735
Religion, culture and the politicization of honour-related violence : a critical analysis of media and policy debates in Western Europe and North America
There is an increasing awareness that gender equality is not something that just "is" in unproblematic and natural ways, but that it may be understood and packaged in several ways, with quite different consequences. It therefore makes good sense to ask, with the authors in this book, how gender equality is understood and practised in the Nordic countries, with their avowedly good record on gender equality measures. It makes especially good sense to look closely at the consequences and difficulties that arise out of the many-faceted meanings attached to "gender" and "equality" in politics and policies, as well as in daily life. In this book, eleven Nordic scholars offer critical analyses of current dislocations, dilemmas and contradictions in the field of Nordic gender equality. They have studied issues to do with constructing state and nation, regulating political practices and producing gendered subjectivities. The authors are affiliated with universities in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden and united in seeing the need for a critical scholarly stance on Nordic gender equality policies and practices.
”It is a long process and it will take time but it does not mean that it is impossible – it is possible!” : experiences of workers from three projects in prevention of honour-related violence among patriarchal immigrant communities in Finland
Honour, exchange and violence in beowulf
Murder in the name of honour : the true story of one woman's heroic fight against an unbelievable crime
Summary: Crime in history.
The book of fate
Honour, violence, women and Islam
'Honour' killing and violence : theory, policy and practice
Yakuza moon : true story of a gangster's daughter
Mikä osa yleisöllä? : viestintäoikeuden vuosikirja 2007 = Yearbook of communication law 2007 = Jahrbuch für Kommunikationsrecht 2007.
"This volume is a collection of essays written in honour of Martin G. Abegg from a range of contributors with expertise in Second Temple Jewish literature in reflection upon Prof. Abegg's work. These essays are arranged according to four topics that deal with various aspects of text, language and interpretation of the Qumran War Scroll, and concepts of war and peace in Second Temple Jewish literature. The contents of the volume are divided into the following four main sections: (1) The War Scroll, (2) War and Peace in the Hebrew Scriptures, (3) War and Peace in the Dead Sea Scrolls, and (4) War and Peace in early Jewish and Christian texts and interpretation"--
Virtuous violence : hurting and killing to create, sustain, end, and honor social relationships : the social-relational, moral motivational psychology, cultural anthropology and history of war, torture, genocide, animal and human sacrifice, obedience to gods, religious self-torture, homicide, robbery, intimate partner conflict, rape, suicide and self-harm, corporal and capital punishment, trial by ordeal and combat, policing, initiation, castration, fighting for status, contact sports and martial arts, honor, the Iliad and the Troyan War, injurious mortuary rites, and homicidal mourning
The hummingbird
Headscarves and hymens : why the Middle East needs a sexual revolution
The caged virgin : a muslim woman's cry for reason
The wandering falcon
Honour-based violence : experiences and counter-strategies in Iraqi Kurdistan and the UK Kurdish diaspora
This book examines violence in its social setting, and especially as an essential element in the heroic system of exchange (sometimes called the Economy of Honour). It situates Beowulf in a northern European culture where violence was not stigmatized as evidence of a breakdown in social order but rather was seen as a reasonable way to get things done; where kings and their retainers saw themselves above all as warriors whose chief occupation was the pursuit of honour; and where most successful kings were those perceived as most predatory"--P. [4] of cover.
Men and violence : gender, honor, and rituals in modern Europe and America
Disgraced
Violence against women and children : vision, innovation and professionalism in policing, VIP guide
Yakuza moon : The true story of a gangster's daughter. [The manga edition]
Gender danger : survivors of rape, human trafficking, and honor killings
'Honour'-based violence is a form of intimate violence committed against women (and some men) by husbands, fathers, brothers and male relatives. A very common social phenomenon, it has existed throughout history and in a wide variety of societies across the world, from white European to African cultures, from South and East Asia to Latin America. The most extreme form of Honour-based violence - 'honour' killing - tragically remains widespread. Over the last decade, national and international efforts, including new policy development and activist campaigns, have begun to challenge the practice. Based on a pioneering and unique study, conducted collaboratively by the Centre for Gender and Violence Research, University of Bristol, the University of Roehampton and Kurdish Women's Rights Watch, this book is at the forefront of this new and challenging policy direction.
The War scroll, violence, war and peace in the Dead Sea scrolls and related literature : Essays in honour of Martin G. Abegg on the occasion of his 65th birthday
Critical studies of gender equalities : Nordic dislocations, dilemmas and contradictions
Honor killings in the twenty-first century
The taming of the samurai : honorific individualism and the making of modern Japan
Honor and grace in anthropology
Legacies of violence : history, society, and the state in Sardinia
"What motivates violence? How can good and compassionate people hurt and kill others, or themselves? Why are people much more likely to kill or assault people they know well, rather than strangers? This provocative and radical book shows that people mostly commit violence because they genuinely feel that it is the morally right thing to do. In perpetrators' minds, violence may be the morally necessary and proper way to regulate social relationships according to cultural precepts, precedents and prototypes. These moral motivations apply equally to the violence of the heroes of the Iliad, to parents smacking their child, and many modern murders and everyday acts of violence. Virtuous Violence presents a wide-ranging exploration of violence across different cultures and historical eras, demonstrating how people feel obligated to violently create, sustain, end, and honor social relationships in order to make them right, according to morally motivated cultural ideals"--
