http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23490 Visual Studio
Visual Studio
HTML5, CSS, JavaScript and XML development wiht Visual Studio 2012
Automated diagnostics of electronic systems
Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 : a beginner's guide
Microsoft Visual Studio LightSwitch business application development : a jump-start guide to application development with Microsoft's Visual Studio LightSwitch
Domain-specific development with Visual Studio DSL tools
Microsoft Visual Basic 2008 Step by Step
Microsoft Visual studio 2008 programming
The purpose of this thesis project was to define, design, implement and test the Users' Permissions Report System for SharePoint Server 2010. The system is a Windows application that will be installed on the SharePoint Server. The thesis project was divided into three main parts.    The first part is the definition of the new system (OOA-Object Oriented Analysis), which describes what services and data are required by the new system. This part contains use-cases and their description, actors and their description, diagrams, data required for definition and testing.    The second part focuses on the design of the new system (OOD-Object Oriented Design), which describes how the system should be designed. The design is based on the first part (OOA). This part contains screenshots of the user interface, description of the controls used and an XML file structure since a permission report can be saved as an XML file.    The third part describes the implementation and testing (OOP-Object Oriented Programming) of the system. Screenshots of the system are provided.    The project objectives have been achieved in time and with the planned resources. In the final part of the thesis there is a conclusion and a sum-up report of the development process.
Pro ODP .NET  for Oracle Database 11g
Expert .NET micro framework
C# 2008 and .NET programming for engineers
ASP.NET 3.5 enterprise application development with Visual Studio® 2008 : problem - design - solution
Development environment for a software project
Mobile Game Prototype for Savonia : Game Development with Unity
Visual Basic.NET for experienced programmers
Wear and tear statistics : tools to analyse wear on engine components
Visual studio 2010 all-in-one for dummies
Professional application lifecycle management with Visual Studio 2012
Sams teach youself visual basic 2008 in 24 hours : complete starter kit
Abstract: Implementation and evaluation of service-oriented architecture in Labranet.
Localization in ASP.NET 2.0
Beginning C# object-oriented programming
Professional application lifecycle management with Visual Studio® 2010
Visual Studio.Net with C#
Professional UML with Visual Studio .NET : unmasking visio for enterprise architects
Professional Team Foundation Server 2010
Database access with Visual. Basic.NET
Beginning Microsoft Visual Basic 2008
Professional Scrum development with Microsoft Visual Studio 2012
Implementation and evaluation of service-oriented architecture in Labranet
Visual Studio 2010 : C# programming and PC interfacing
Introducing .NET 4.0 : with Visual Studio 2010
Professional Visual Studio
Coding faster : getting more productive with Microsoft Visual Studio
Professional chrystal reports for Visual Studio .NET
Professional Visual Studio 2005 Team System
Stephens' C# programming with Visual Studio 2010 24-hour trainer
SharePoint 2010 development with Visual Studio 2010
Programming Microsoft LINQ
Microsoft ADO.NET 4 step by step
Parallel programming with Microsoft Visual Studio 2010, step by step
Agile software engineering with Visual studio : from concept to continuous feedback
Team Foundation Server 2008 in action
A team of Microsoft insiders shows programmers how to use Visual Studio 2005 Team System, the suite of products that can be used for software modeling, design, testing, and deployment. The book focuses on practical application of the tools on code samples, development scenarios, and automation scripting. It serves as both as a step-by-step guide and as a reference for modeling, designing, and coordinating enterprise solutions at every level using Team System. The book begins with an overview of Team System and then offers nuts-and-bolts guidance on practical implementation. Code examples are provided in both VB.NET and C/C++.
Visual studio 2013 cookbook : over 50 simple but incredibly effective recipes to get you up and running with the powerful features of Visual Studio 2013
Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 unleashed
WCF multi-tier services development with LINQ : build SOA applications on the Microsoft platform in this hands-on guide
Microsoft Visual Basic 2010 : step by step
Microsoft® Visual C#® 2005 step by step
Word 2007 document automation with VBA and VSTO
MCTS self-paced training kit (exam 70-562) : Microsoft .NET framework 3.5 - ASP.NET application development
Professional Windows phone 7 application development : building applications and games using Visual Studio, Silverlight, and XNA
Enterprise development with Visual Studio .NET, UML and MSF
Development of software for controlling equipments using .NET programming
C# 2008 : programmer's reference
Beginning Microsoft Visual C# 2008
UML software design with visual studio 2010 : what you need to know, and no more!
Abstract: Localization in ASP.NET 2.0.
Developing applications with Visual Studio .NET
Learning ASP.NET 3.5
Beginning VB 2008 databases : from novice to professional
Professional LINQ
Entity framework 4.0 recipes : a problem-solution approach
Pro Windows Phone 7 development
Professional UML with Visual Studio .NET : unmasking Visio for Enterprise Architects
Professional C# 2008
Microsoft Visual Studio tips : 251 ways to improve your productivity
Elevate the quality of your code and products by using Scrum practices in combination with Visual Studio 2012. Designed for development teams, this guide delivers pragmatic guidance for exploiting teams, this guide delivers pragmatic guidance for exploiting the Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) tools in Visual Studio and Team Foundation Server. You'll learn the most effective ways to implement Scrum at all phases of development--and use ALM to plan, manage, and track everyday tasks. This book will be most useful for Visual Studio teams considering adopting Scrum, mature Scrum teams already working with Visual Studio, and scrum teams who are considering Visual Studio.--
Microsoft Visual studio LightSwitch unleashed
Beginning web programming : using VB.NET & Visual Studio .NET
This thesis was commissioned by Nokia Networks as a part of a wider ongoing quality project. The main objective for this thesis and the quality project was to improve diagnostic accuracy on a certain base station product by targeting the most misdiagnosed faults and to reduce unnecessary component replacement. To achieve the objective, an early version of an automated diagnostic tool was developed. The tool was developed using Microsoft Visual Studio and C# programming language. The tool uses diagnostic databases to hold diagnostic information. The diagnostic databases were implemented using XML (Extensible Markup Language). The diagnostic databases implement fault models and rule based diagnostics to troubleshoot target products. Two pilot programs were launched in order to verify the functionality of the tool and measure improvements on diagnostic accuracy. The results of the pilots were encouraging; the rate of failed diagnoses decreased by 88%. The success of the pilot programs and the ease of use of the tool sparked interest to it, and it was decided to be taken into global use in system module repair of Nokia Networks base stations. Further development is, however, still needed to extend the coverage of the tool and to add new features.
Refactoring with Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 : evolve your software system to support new and ever-changing requirements by updating your C# code base with patterns and principles
Software testing with Visual studio 2010
Programming ASP.NET 3.5
Professional Microsoft® smartphone programming
Visual studio 2010 and .net 4  : six-in-one
Microsoft Visual C# : step by step
Sams teach yourself Visual Studio .NET 2003 in 21 days
Microsoft Visual C# 2010 : step by step
Users permissions report system for SharePoint Server 2010
MonoDevelop : integrated development environment, Linux, MAC OS X, Microsoft Windows, Mono (software), .NET Framework, Microsoft Visual Studio, NetBeans
Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 unleashed
Schoolmates website development and implementation
Microsoft Visual C# 2013 : step by step
Microsoft Visual Studio 2005 : unleashed
Windows Phone 7 game development
Pro HTML5 with Visual Studio 2012
Microsoft ASP.NET 4 : step by step
