http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23471 call centres
call centres
Productivity and services : safety telephone services for the elderly
EUMC Internet guide on organisations combating racism and xenophobia in Europe
Business school essentials for call center leaders
Call center management : overview and applications
Call me, call me for some overtime : on organizational consequences of system changes
The call center handbook
Gower handbook of call and contact centre management
Call centers : outsourcing vs in - house operation : case : home credit and finance bank
Mandatum Life : living the brand
How do quality metrics influence the price of an outsourcing contract? : a case study of co-sourcing in the call center field
Alignment of contact center workforce management implementation with research and ITIL version 3
Leveraging customer relationships
Employee perception of work stress in Finnish call centers
Blended services in outsourcing call centers
Strategies for managing call center personnel
A practical guide to call center technology
Customer relationship management : an Indian perspective
Abstract.
Gender in call centre work
Call center forecasting and scheduling : the best of call center management review
Design for six sigma for service
The study and development of this thesis was made to create and analyze a potential project that a Mexican call center would develop for the Mexico Tourism Board. This developed project consists in providing telephone customer service to the people visiting Mexico. Not only will the tourists have service and assistance in any way such as finding businesses' information, health, and security information, but Servifon S.A. de C.V. would also work as a travel agency where the tourists can book their trip. Through this thesis a thorough explanation of the project has been done, explaining the key operational factors required for the development. These studies include the Market Analysis, the Human Resources Management, the Pricing Strategy, and the Advertising Process. Furthermore, a quantitative research was done, approaching two markets: the foreign market and the domestic market. The foreign market includes seven potential markets that were decided to be focused as target markets. These countries are the United States, Canada, France, Spain, Italy, Germany and the United Kingdom. As for the domestic market, it naturally means the Mexican market. The research was made by giving physical and online surveys to a mixed group of people focusing to approach these nationalities. The surveys were completed with 783 surveys for the foreign market and 90 surveys for the domestic market. All the domestic market surveys were completed online. As a result of this study, we conclude with the benefits that both parties, Servifon and the MTB will have by cooperating together. Consequently, this thesis project may be used as a manual or reference in case that Servifon and the MTB decide to develop it and launch it.
The customer response management handbook : building, rebuilding and improving your results
Pre-study on upgrading a Contact Center switch infrastructure
Outsourced
Non-native speakers in call centers : the influence of language on the perceived service quality
Managing and motivating contact center employees : tools and techniques for inspiring outstanding performance from your frontline staff
Offers a readable, step-by-step Australian guide to managing a modern customer response centre. Call centres are a growth industry and there is a strong demand for a comprehensive, sound, up-to-date reference outlining the basics of successful call centre management.
Offshore ready : strategies to plan and profit from offshore IT-enabled services
Call Center operation : design, operation and maintenance
Principles for travel centre design
"As the manager of a customer contact center, you know your employees are among the most highly visible members of your organization, and their performance can make or break the success of virtually any project or product. Yet it is challenging to motivate them because they receive less training and lower pay than virtually anyone else in your organization. Managing and Motivating Contact Center Employees gives you the field-proven information, tools, and techniques you need to connect with your frontline staff and lead them to exceptional performance. It explains how to manage the critical "human" element in contact centers, which is often more important for overall performance than having the latest contact center technology or operational system. This results-oriented reference is written by contact center consultants for Dell, Microsoft, Bank of America, and other leading organizations to help you: Establish critical lines of communication between supervisors and contact center reps - Set clear expectations and provide appropriate feedback - Share knowledge freely, even as you listen and learn. Contact center employees are in daily, direct communication with your key customers and are an integral component of your company's long-term success. Learn how to draw out and utilize their motivation and talents, while maximizing their workplace satisfaction, with Managing and Motivating Contact Center Employees. Whether you are a contact center trainer, supervisor, or manager, Managing and Motivating Contact Center Employees provides tips and techniques to boost morale, streamline business processes, and inspire outstanding performance, including: Strategies to get and keep good contact center reps - Methods for transforming a group of individuals into a team - Proven techniques for building high morale - Tips for dealing with problem employees - Dozens of fun, self-directed training activities and much more." -- (takakansi)
Interoperability and accessibility of transport modes
A Contac Center is very important part of corporation's service concept. A Contact Center could be the only personal contact with the customer during the year. The corporate assigning the pre-study task is running a Contact Center with unsupported telephony switches and integration towards advanced contact handling Genesys solution is also unsupported. Unsupported versions in switches are causing challenges to both maintenance and enhancements. Lack of capacity between Contact Center locations is real challenge in peak periods. Thus, the corporation is well aware of the importance and the need for changes. The purpose of this pre-study was to clarify different alternatives to secure voice traffic in Contact Centers and to find a solution as for getting the telephony infra-structure into a supported level. In addition, the aim was also to identify requirements regarding the backup system. This pre-study was mainly carried out in workshops together with vendors. In these workshops, the purpose was to clarify available alternatives considering also infrastructural demand as well as the integration demands and costs issues. The study indicated that IP-technology seemed to be the best solution. However, this solution would require changes for the entire Contact Center infrastructure at the same time, therefore it could not be recommended for an immediate solution. Centralised PBX solution either leased or as purchased service would give more time to arrange integrations to IP-technology required level.  With this solution also voice traffic will be secured in short term. Voice traffic between different locations will be arranged using IP-technology. With suggested solution, the bottleneck from traditional voice traffic connections between locations is turned into network bandwidth requirements. Network bandwidth requirement could be handled and implemented more easily than traditional telephone voice connections.
Telephone customer service: the future of Mexico's tourism
Todd Anderson gets the bad news from his boss, his job has been outsourced. Adding insult to injury, Todd must travel to India to train his own replacement. Sometimes getting lost is the best way to find yourself.
Call center operations management. 2
The thesis' aim is to develop and perform  a customer satisfaction survey for Sokos Hotels' Sales Service Centre. It's a call centre where customers contact to make reservations in the company's hotels.    The  aim of this study is to research how satisfying the company's customer perceives the offered voice-to-voice customer service encounter.  An emphasis in the survey is put on measurable service attributes such as adaptability, communication skills, reliability, listening skills etc.    The research is conducted via Webropol which is used to develop the survey-layout and to gather and analyse the answers. The subject of study are the recently served private business and leisure customers. The survey gathered 350 responces, making the response ratio 20.6%. The results are presented with clear figures and explained further with discussions.    The outcomes indicate the overall customer service being perceived very satisfacting. For further research, additional analyses of gender differences, age group differences, and of loyal customers were provided. Minor but valuable differences were found in customer wishes and preferences. Additinally, key findigs were gained from results to survey's open-ended questions. Specifically, customers were active in leaving comments and kind regards (103 comments) to the sales service centre.    For discussion and conclusion, the author has made suggestions for future development strategies for maintaining and improving the customer service. Loyal customer's wishes and preferences are to be stressed. A more commercial way of thinking is to be adabted.
The human face of call centre management
Usability of an international multi-channel contact center application
Call center staffing : the complete, practical guide to workforce management
The call centre training handbook : a complete guide to learning & development in contact centres
Call center operations management. 1
Finnish direct investments in the Baltic market : mobile phone service centers
Customer satisfaction survey for Sokos Hotels' Sales Service Centre
