http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23476 routing
routing
CCNA exploration course booklet. LAN switching and wireless version 4.0
Design and implementation of route redistribution and performance study thereof
Introduction to distribution logistics
This book deals with complex variants of Travelling Salesman Problem (TSP) and Vehicle Routing Problem (VRP) within the manufacturing and service industries. The objective is to develop heuristics for these supply chain problems in order to offer practical solutions to improve operational efficiency. These heuristics are evaluated using benchmark and derived data-sets. Case studies pertaining to logistics in different industries including textile machinery manufacturing and banking are also included to demonstrate the created heuristics. High competition in today's global market has forced the organizations to invest in and focus on their logistics system. The critical function of logistics is the transportation within and across various supply chain entities. Both supply and distribution procedure require effective transportation management. A small improvement in routing problems can lead to huge logistics savings in absolute terms. This book should appeal to executives, researchers and consultants seeking supply chain management solutions.
Scaling networks : course booklet
Light short range wireless network and its new possibilities
Implementing Cisco IP routing (route) foundation learning guide : CCNP (route) 300-101
The art of computer networking
CCNP ROUTE 642-902 official certification guide
Scaling networks : companion guide
Geographic routing in wireless sensor networks
Router trust management in autonomous systems of the Internet
Deploying next generation multicast-enabled applications : label switched multicast for MPLS VPNs, VPLS, and wholesale Ethernet
The illustrated network : how TCP/IP works in a modern network
IPv6 deployment and management
Viability of part cargoes in tramp shipping company's routing and scheduling decisions
Quality of service in wireless ad hoc networks : case study: Guided flooding routing protocol
Exploring adaptive implementation of on-chip networks
New network paradigms for future multihop cellular systems
Self-Organizing Routing Protocol for Bluetooth Low Energy Sensor Networks
The Esri guide to GIS analysis. Vol. 3, Modeling suitability, movement, and interaction
An efficient fault-tolerant routing algorithm for NoCs
An overview of the integrated intermediate system to intermediate system (IS-IS) and its redistribution process
Tuning a campus network
neighbors and combined with local trust information to derive a final trust metric to make routing decisions. The properties of interest include the computational and communicational overhead the approach creates and the typical scenarios, where the BGP speaker prefers some trusted routes over the shortest routes.
Optimizing warehouse order batching when routing is precedence constrained and pickers have varying skills
A hybrid routing approach for ad hoc networks
Models for practical routing problems in logistics : design and practices
Adaptive routing approaches for networked many-core systems
IPv6 Fundamentals : a straightforward approach to understanding IPv6
TCP/IP : the ultimate protocol guide. Vol. 1 : Data delivery and routing
Capacitated timing of mobile and flexible service resources
Progress and new trends in 3D geoinformation sciences
Abstract: Tuning a Campus Network.
Cisco networking essentials
Design and implementation of a self-organizing mobile routing network (SOMORON) protocol
Implementing Cisco IP routing (ROUTE) foundation learning guide : foundation learning for the ROUTE 642-902 exam
ISIS is a link state routing protocol initially used for routing only Open System Interconnect (OSI) traffics. Its network includes a series of routers as well as minicomputers. With the rapid advancement in technology and communications usage, there arises the need of connecting both users of IP and OSI network together via internet. This connecting task would not be successfully accomplished between users of IPs and OSIs network without implementing a routing protocol to protocol translating medium between IP and OSI traffics. On this basis, the Integrated ISIS was developed and that constitutes the basis of this thesis work. Integrated ISIS is a dual routing protocol capable of routing either the IP traffics or OSI traffics, as well as both IP and OSI traffics at the same time. This thesis work illustrates ISIS redistribution a practical process in which Integrated ISIS interprets, accepts, and routes traffics to and from another routing protocol within the same router. The redistribution phase is constituted by the basic ISIS configurations with some additional configurations explicitly used for the redistribution to occur. Integrated ISIS is known for its fast convergence and also for its high stability, scalability, and the implementation of the Dijkstra algorithm in its route calculation and selection These features made it the choice of most Internet Service Providers and most European networks are running the Integrated ISIS routing protocol. This thesis work however, elaborates on the ISIS fast convergence and how the Dijkstra algorithm affects the fast convergence.
Implementing metrics for IT service management : a measurement framework that helps align IT with the business objectives and create value through continual improvements
Scaling networks : lab manual
Oblivious network routing : algorithms and applications
Cisco Networking Essentials
"Provides detailed information on existing Multicast and MVPN standards, referred to as Next-Generation Multicast based standards, Multicast Applications, and case studies with detailed configurations"--
Extension of message routing service between exchange and base station in TETRA network
The wireless research projects
Improving probabilistic roadmap methods for fast motion planning
Generalized thinning protocols for routing h-relations in complete networks
Efficient methods on reducing data redundancy in the internet
IPv6 advanced protocols implementation
