http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23439 Nature Conservation Act
Nature Conservation Act
Environmental rights as a constitutional problem
Wilderness protection in Europe : the role of international, European and national law
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 4, Nature
Finnish environmental legislation
Maritime affairs - a world handbook : a reference guide to maritime organizations, conventions and disputes and to the international politics of the sea
The Amazon from an international law perspective
International law and the environment
Governing environmental risk, particularly large-scale transboundary risks associated with climate change and pollution, is one of the most pressing problems facing society . This book focuses on a set of key questions relating to environmental regulation: How are activities regulated in a fragmented world - a world of nation states, regulators, domestic and international law and political contests - and one in which a range of actors, such as governments, corporations and NGOs act in order to influence regulations in specific policy areas? How are complex and trans-boundary environmental issues managed? What role does expert knowledge play in regulating this kind of issues? What give rules authority? In short, how do actors try to render an issue governable? Drawing on regulation theory, discourse theory and science and technology studies, and employing original research, the authors analyse the regulation of four kinds of complex and trans-boundary environmental issues: oil protection in the Baltic Sea, mobile phones and radiation protection, climate change adaptation and genetically modified crops. The outcomes include insights for policymakers, regulators and researchers into how dominant frames are constructed, legitimate actors are configured and authority is established. This in turn exposes the conditions for, and possibility of, developing regulation, making authoritative rules and shaping relevant knowledge in order to govern complex environmental risks.
Law and nature
Suomen lajien uhanalaisuus 2010 : punainen kirja = The 2010 red list of Finnish species
Transboundary risk governance
Acting for endangered species : the statutory ark
Should trees have standing? : law, morality, and the environment
Finnish Forest Act as a conservation tool in protecting boreal springs and associated bryophyte flora
Previous edition (1996) has sub-title : "and other essays on law, morals, and the environment" ; first edition (1974) has subtitle : "towards legal rights for natural objects.
