http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23436 human rights activists
human rights activists
The international human rights movement : a history
Post-prison writings and speeches
"Who should sing Ol' man river? : the lives of an American song tells the almost eighty-year performance history of a great popular song. Examining over two hundred recorded and filmed versions of Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein II's classic song, the book reveals the power of performers to remake one popular song into many different guises"--Provided by publisher.
March. Book 1
Meeting the demands of reason : the life and thought of Andrei Sakharov
"This compilation of Muslim women's stories from around the world focuses on the voices of reformers who battle fiercely against such barbarisms as stonings, acid attacks, gang rapes, and "honor killings" that go largely unpunished due to discriminatory religious laws and an entrenched patriarchal culture. Each chapter provides an in-depth and up-to-date look at the status of women in Muslim countries, and in compact and often poignant biographies, reformers speak out with passion, humanity, and sometimes humor to expose to the whole world the harsh realities many women experience on a daily basis in many parts of the globe."--BOOK JACKET.
Until we are free : my fight for human rights in Iran
March. Book one
The July 1 protest rally : interpreting a historic event
The Wiley-Blackwell Encyclopedia of Social and Political Movements
A stone of hope : prophetic religion and the death of Jim Crow
Martin Luther King : [from minister to civil rights leader]
I write what I like : a selection of his writings
My name is Rachel Corrie : taken from the writings of Rachel Corrie
Malala Yousafzai : education campaigner
Muslim women reformers : inspiring voices against oppression
The barefoot lawyer : the remarkable memoir of China's bravest political activist
Human rights in Russia : citizens and the state from perestroika to Putin
Encyclopedia of human rights. Vol. 4, Minority rights: European Framework Convention-Soviet Gulag
Promoting human rights : human rights defenders as actors of social change
Every secret thing : My family, my country
Prisoners of freedom : human rights and the African poor
Acquisition of new members/support for Amnesty International
The power of religion in the civil rights movement, in a provocative assessment of the success of the civil rights movement, David L. Chappell reconsiders the intellectual roots of civil rights reform, showing how the prophetic tradition of the Old Testament - sometimes translated into secular language - drove African American activists to unprecedented solidarity and self-sacrifice. Martin Luther King Jr., Fannie Lou Hamer, James Lawson, Modjeska Simkins, and other black leaders believed, as the Hebrew prophets believed, that they had to stand apart from society and instigate dramatic changes to force an unwilling world to abandon its sinful ways. Although segregationists outvoted and outgunned black integrationists, the segregationists lost, Chappell concludes, largely because they did not have a religious commitment to their cause.
Malala : how one girl stood up for education and changed the world
Malala : the girl who stood up for education and changed the world
Rigoberta Menchú and the story of all poor Guatemalans
Barefoot in Baghdad : a story of identity-my own and what it means to be a woman in chaos
This biography of Malcolm X draws on new research to trace his life from his troubled youth through his involvement in the Nation of Islam, his activism in the world of Black Nationalism, and his assassination. Years in the making, it is a definitive biography of the legendary black activist. Of the great figures in twentieth-century American history perhaps none is more complex and controversial than Malcolm X. Constantly rewriting his own story, he became a criminal, a minister, a leader, and an icon, all before being felled by assassins' bullets at age thirty-nine. Through his tireless work and countless speeches he empowered hundreds of thousands of black Americans to create better lives and stronger communities while establishing the template for the self-actualized, independent African American man. In death he became a broad symbol of both resistance and reconciliation for millions around the world. Filled with new information and shocking revelations that go beyond the Autobiography of Malcolm X, this work unfolds a story of race and class in America, from the rise of Marcus Garvey and the Ku Klux Klan to the struggles of the civil rights movement in the fifties and sixties. Reaching into Malcolm's troubled youth, it traces a path from his parents' activism through his own engagement with the Nation of Islam, charting his astronomical rise in the world of Black Nationalism and culminating in the never-before-told true story of his assassination. This work captures the story of one of the most singular forces for social change, a man who constantly strove, in the great American tradition, to remake himself anew.
Malala a brave girl from Pakistan ; Iqbal a brave boy from Pakistan
Mama Koko and the hundred gunmen : one ordinary family's extraordinary tale of love, loss, and survival in Congo
The Frederick Douglass papers. Ser. 3, vol. 1, Correspondence : 1842-1852
The art of political murder : who killed Bishop Gerardi?
The autobiography of Malcolm X
March. Book three
March. Book two
Profiles in humanity : the battle for peace, freedom, equality, and human rights
He named me Malala
Who should sing "Ol' man river"? : the lives of an American song
Protecting and supporting human rights defenders : public guidelines of the Foreign Ministry of Finland on the implementation of the European Union guidelines on human rights defenders
My song : a memoir
Encyclopedia of human rights. Vol. 5, Sri Lanka-Zimbabwe, topical outline of articles, directory of contributors, index
A fine old conflict
I am Malala : the girl who stood up for education and was shot by the Taliban
Defending human rights in Russia : Sergei Kovalyov, dissident and human rights commissioner, 1969-2003
Reflections on Nelson Mandela : icon of peace
Oskar Schindler : the untold account of his life, wartime activities, and the true story behind the list
I am Malala : The Girl who stood up for education and was shot by the Taliban
A China more just : my fight as a rights lawyer in the world's largest communist state
On dissidents and madness : from the Soviet Union of Leonid Brezhnev to the "Soviet Union" of Vladimir Putin
Encyclopedia of human rights. Vol. 3, Index on censorship-minority rights: overview
Malcolm X : a life of reinvention
The Barefoot Lawyer : Memoir of China's Bravest Political Activist
The rights of spring : a memoir of innocence abroad
"After the success of the Nashville sit-in campaign, John Lewis is more committed than ever to changing the world through nonviolence -- but as he and his fellow Freedom Riders board a bus into the vicious heart of the deep south, they will be tested like never before."--page 3 of cover.
Bound for Canaan : the underground railroad and the war for the soul of America
Keeping hope alive : how one Somalian woman changed 90,000 lives
Comprehensive, authoritative, interdisciplinary, and up-to-date, this encyclopedia contains over 400 entries , exploring social and political movements and related collective phenomena throughout the world.
Frederick Douglass in Washington, D.C. : the lion of Anacostia
Baroness Cox : a voice for the voiceless
Nellie Stone Johnson : the life of an activist
Encyclopedia of human rights
Encyclopedia of human rights. Vol. 2, Democracy promotion- John Humphrey
Sharing the life of Other Mexico : the way to autonomous San Juan Copala : for the living memory of Jyri Jaakkola
Finding justice at the European Court of Human Rights : the dynamics of strategic litigation and human rights defense in the Russian Federation
