http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23406 A(H1N1) virus
A(H1N1) virus
Incidence, treatment and outcome of critically ill patients with acute respiratory failure
One health: the human-animal-environment Interfaces in emerging infectious diseases : the concept and examples of a one health approach
Report of the WHO Pandemic Influenza A(H1N1) Vaccine Deployment Initiative
Activation of innate immune responses by Toll-like receptors and influenza viruses
Genomic analysis of A(HIN1)pdm09 influenza virus in Finland
The Spanish influenza pandemic of 1918-1919 : perspectives from the Iberian Peninsula and the Americas
"This volume brings together the concepts that underpin a One Health approach and a range of examples of this approach in action around a variety of emerging infectious diseases. The first section starts with a human clinical perception, brings in the veterinary and human-animal interface perspective and then links this with environment issues, with a special chapter dealing with wildlife. It concludes by looking at the economics of a One Health approach, both in terms of the costs of delivering a One Health approach as well as the value added. The second section looks at a number of key emerging infectious diseases and in each case details how a One Health approach has added value, particularly in terms of disease control and cost outcomes. The examples cover virus, bacterial, protozoal and parasitic infections and provide case studies at the national, regional and global level. The studies themselves vary in depth and detail but provide an engaging set of examples of the value of a One Health approach. In all cases, the authors have local and personal experience of the disease in question, providing real life examples of what can be achieved. The final chapter entitled 'Men, primates and germs: an ongoing affair' provides a fascinating insight into pathogen host switching between closely related species which serves to illustrate a core value of a One Health approach." -- (Back Cover)
Lessons from HPAI : a technical stocktaking of outputs, outcomes, best practices and lessons learned from the fight against highly pathogenic avian influenza in Asia 2005-2011
Making preparation count : lessons from the avian influenza outbreak in Turkey
Bird flu : everything you need to know about the next pandemic
Abstract.
Main operational lessons learnt from the WHO Pandemic Influenza A(H1N1) Vaccine Deployment Initiative : report of a WHO Meeting held in Geneva, Switzerland, 13–15 December 2010.
Public knowledge, perception and factors associated with 2009 h1n1 swine influenza vaccination : a literature review
A novel strain of influenza A (H1N1) virus emerged and an outbreak of influenza A (H1N1) occurred worldwide in 2009 and 2010, posing a severe threat to the health of human beings. The two Editors work together in Beijing You An Hospital, to combat this type of influenza. This book, Radiology of Influenza A (H1N1), is intended to provide first-hand clinical data and its scientific analysis, thus supporting sound clinical practice for influenza A (H1N1) prevention and treatment as well as related scientific research. The authors have collected over 100 critical influenza A (H1N1) virus-infected cases. For cases of influenza A (H1N1) that resulted in death, autopsies were performed for 8 cases after receiving their families' informed consent. Over 200 reports on pathological and histological analysis as well as immunohistochemical and electroscopic analysis were brought together. This book was then compiled by comparing the published data with the present first-hand data. This book includes a wealth of content, including DR, CT and MRI images, pathological and histological figures, and immunohistochemical and electroscopic figures. Related research, clinical and educational needs can be readily satisfied by its detailed data, texts and figures, as well as typical case reports. Li Hongjun, is professor and director of the diagnostic radiology department in Beijing You An Hospital, affiliated with Capital Medical University, Beijing, China. Li Ning, is professor and president of Beijing You An Hospital, affiliated with Capital Medical University, Beijing, China.
Swine flu : the new pandemic
Radiology of Influenza A (H1N1)
