http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23556 Crohn's disease
Crohn's disease
Crohn's disease revisited
The exposure of humans to Mycobacterium avium subspecies paratuberculosis through food and drinking water in Finland and Minnesota, USA : a literature review
Matrix metalloproteinases and their tissue inhibitors as biomarkers in ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease
Assesment of TNFα –blocking therapy in inflammatory bowel disease patients in deep remission
Endoscopic stenting in gastrointestinal tract
Inflammatory bowel diseases : an epidemiological survey with twenty-year follow-up
Pancreatic and hepatobiliary disorders in inflammatory bowel disease
Noninvasive monitoring of activity in Crohn's disease
Pediatric inflammatory bowel disease in Finland : incidence and long-term outcomes
On the role of the inducible enzymes iNOS and COX-2 in colitis
High frequency of helicobacter negative gastritis in patients with Crohn's disease
New approaches in the treatment of Crohn's disease
Studies of experimental biomarkers during glucocorticoid and anti-tumor necrosis factor-alpha therapy in inflammatory bowel disease and juvenile idiopathic arthritis
Finnish summary.
Evaluation of the intestinal mucosal barrier in Chron's disease and juvenile chronic arthritis
Abstract.
Crohn's disease : aspects of incidence, disease activity, location and outcome
Intestinal Inflammation and Outcome of Treatment in Pediatric Inflammatory Bowel Disease
Interplay of genetic and environmental triggers in intestinal inflammation : genetics and transcriptomics in celiac disease and inflammatory bowel disease
Mucosal IL-17 immunity in diseases : with special reference to inflammatory bowel disease
Phospholipase A[sub 2] in inflammatory bowel disease
Intestinal inflammation and outcome of treatment in pediatric inflammatory bowel disease
Genetic variation and clinical manifestations in inflammatory bowel disease
Studies on antigen-presenting cells in Type 1 Diabetes and Crohn's disease – with special emphasis on dendritic cells
Summary.
Molecular basis of colorectal cancer predisposition
Inflammatory bowel diseases in Finland : epidemiology, malignancies and mortality
Abstract. - Yhteenveto. - Sammanfattning.
The function of the transmembrane protein FasL is to complex with the Fas receptor in a target cell and induce target cell apoptosis. Fas/FasL-mediated apoptosis plays important role in immunoregulation. FasL expression is mostly seen in activated lymphocytes. We have characterized endothelial FasL expression in different functional compartments of lymph nodes and gut-associated lymphoid tissue. Furthermore, we have explored the functional role of endothelial FasL expression by analyzing correlation with apoptosis of lymphocyte subpopulations in lymph nodes and by assessing endothelial expression under different conditions by activation of immune functions in gastrointestinal mucosa. Immunohistochemical stainings (Fas, FasL, CD3, CD20, CD19, CD23, CD56, FVIII) were performed on 20 reactive lymph node tissues (I and II), 60 pediatric endoscopy biopsy samples (III) or 60 samples from gut resections (IV). A double-staining method combining apoptosis detection with the TUNEL-method and lymphocyte classification with FasL, Fas and cell lineage markers was optimized. Patient groups included non-pathological lymph nodes, pediatric cow's milk-sensitive enteropathy, pediatric celiac disease, appendicitis, ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease. Control groups included normal biopsy samples from pediatric patients and non-pathological resecate samples from the appendix, colon or ileum to correspond to patient groups. Quantitative analysis (positive vessels or cells per mm2) was performed thoroughly for each anatomical region. In a subset of patients, soluble FasL in the serum was quantified with standard enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. In reactive lymph nodes FasL expression was predominantly present in high endothelial venules located in the paracortical area, where apoptotic T and B lymphocytes, some expressing Fas, were subsequently found. In the gut wall vascular FasL expression was seen in high endothelial vessels near lymphoid follicles. Serum FasL was elevated in children with an abundance of mucosal lymphoid follicles. In IBD, vascular FasL was upregulated in ulcers and in the submucosa of colons affected by Crohn's disease.The results indicate that endothelial FasL is characteristically present in high endothelial venules of lymphoid tissues. Detection of apoptotic Fas expressing lymphocytes adjacent to such vessels supports the idea that endothelial FasL functions as a selective gatekeeper by inducing apoptosis of Fas+ lymphocytes entering from the blood stream.
Cooking well : IBS : over 100 easy recipes for irritable bowel syndrome plus other digestive diseases including Crohn's, celiac, and colitis
Health-related quality of life, symptoms and comorbidity in inflammatory bowel disease
Monitoring treatment response in Crohn's disease
Complications, considerations, and consequences of colorectal surgery
Clinical features and surgical treatment of Crohn's disease
Endothelial FasL in lymph nodes and in intestinal lymphatic tissue
Long-term outcome of patients with embolized intracranial aneurysms
Familial and sporadic inflammatory bowel disease : comparison of clinical features and serological markers in a genetically homogeneous population
Abstract. - Finnish and swedish summaries.
