http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23554 labour status
labour status
Equal opportunities and collective bargaining in Europe : defining the issues
Wage determination and sex segregation in employment in the European Community : network of experts on the situation of women in the labour market
The globalized woman : reports from a future of inequality
Gender and organisation : exploring the reality
Summary (s. 40-41). - Abstract: Persons having completed a rehabilitation programme funded by the Social Insurance Institution of Finland in 2003.
Essays in empirical labour economics : family background, gender and earnings
Equal opportunities? : the labour market integration of the children of immigrants
Why women count : essays on women in development in Bangladesh
Women and migration in rural Europe : labour markets, representations and policies
Working women in recession : employment, redundancy, and unemployment
Work-lifestyle choices in the 21st century : preference theory
Women of the European Union : the politics of work and daily life
A comprehensive study of the life experiences of women in all areas of the labor force is based on firsthand observations over a period of three years.
"This volume explores the social consequences of macro-economic reform introduced in Vietnam more than a quarter of a century ago through a focus on young women graduates who hope to find success in Ho Chi Minh City's growing graduate labour market. They are part of Vietnam's new middle class, an educated and affluent segment of society growing with the rapid urbanization of Vietnam's major cities. Drawing on a rich person-centred ethnography supplemented with middle-class Vietnamese women's published autobiographies, it reveals how opportunities for professional work, further education, and leisure lifestyling attract young migrants, particularly female graduates, to Vietnam's mega-urban Southeast region. Centred on Ho Chi Minh City, it argues that Vietnam's Southeast enables young women, so long as they remain single, to realize aspirations for betterment that affect not only their own lives, but those of their families and communities who remain in rural Vietnam. It highlights the socio-cultural and material benefits realized through remittances received from urban daughters to emphasize the salience of kinship during periods of social transformation.The volume concludes with a wide-ranging look at the emergence of middle classes in Pacific Asia in order to locate the Vietnamese new middle class within a globalizing context." -- Provided by publisher.
Men as workers in services for young children : issues of a mixed gender workforce : proceedings of a seminar held at Henley on Thames, 29-31 May 1997
Gender equality : striving for justice in an unequal world
Women of the European Union challenges gender-blind assessments of the economic and social aspects of the European Union policies to examine the real implications of Union for the diversity of women in the Member States. The authors also analyze how women's work and daily lives are shaped by local and national policies, by local and global economic conditions, and by diverse and changing cultural values. Detailed contemporary case studies explore how place comes together with class, life stage, sexuality and ethnicity to affect the way in which women are constrained and how they develop strategies to manage their lives.
Gender and the contours of precarious employment
The making of European women's studies. Vol. 2
Agency of labour in a flexible pan-European labour market : a qualitative study of migrant practices and trade union strategies in the Netherlands
Vietnam's new middle classes : gender, career, city
Women and time : weaving the strands of everyday life
Women in Japan and Sweden : work and family in two welfare regimes
Towards gender equity in Japanese and Nordic labour markets : a tale of two paths
Disabled people in the labour market of the information society : discussion paper
Occupational and career opportunities of women in female-dominated occupations : case studies on caring occupations in the sector of elderly care and secretaries in Finland
The rapid influx of women into the paid labor force has dramatically altered the North American and European economies in the postwar period. This collection compares the feminization of labor in seven industrialized countries--the U.S., Canada, Britain, France, Germany, Italy, and Sweden--examining the status of working women under a variety of governmental policies, economic systems, and labor conditions. The contributors compare the unemployment rates, job status, and wages of women and men in each country and consider such issues as women's growing participation in trade unions, the position of minority women, and the opportunities and limitations of more decentralized and highly mechanized economies. What emerges is a new image of a diversified labor force which includes women and a persuasive argument that government policymakers must take into account women's full contribution to their economies.
The Nordic countries - a paradise for women?
Women, work and economics : conference report
On work : historical, comparative and theoretical approaches
Revisions : gender and sexuality in late modernity
The situation of workers of the occupied Arab territories : report of the Director-General
Homeworking in the European Union : [report of the ad hoc working group]
Women and information technology
Sex stratification : children, housework, and jobs
What differences do welfare state variations make for women? How do women and men fare in different welfare states? Diane Sainsbury answers these questions by analyzing the United States, Britain, Sweden and The Netherlands, whose welfare policies differ in significant ways. Building on feminist research, she determines the extent to which legislation reflects and perpetuates the gendered division of labor in the family and society, as well as what types of policy alter gender relations in social provision. She offers constructive proposals for securing greater equality between women and men.
In this paper, the relationship between education and labor market positioning for Surinamese Dutch in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, is explored. The relationship is measured at two points with a 10 year interval. Over these years, little change can be noted in labor market positioning, while educational achievements increase drastically. In the discussion, several explanations are suggested. The relationship between education and labor market positioning in the country today is used to conclude that in Amsterdam and the Netherlands, the relationship between education and labor market positioning is not linear and local data are needed to understand local labor markets to the fullest..
Summary (s. 95-100).
Born to work : child labour in India
The answer of course is both. In this lucid and subtle investigation, Sylvia Walby, one of the world's leading authorities on gender shows how undoubted increases in opportunity for women in Europe and America have been accompanid by new forms of inequality. She charts changes in women's employment, education and political representation and the complex relations between gender, class and ethnicity, between local conditions and global pressures which together determine the place of women both in the labour market and in the wider social, political and economic world of today.
Comparable worth : new directions for research
Negotiating solidarity : collective actions for precarious migrant workers' rights in Sweden
Russian-speaking professionals in the Helsinki metropolitan area : prospects and challenges
Equal opportunities and collective bargaining in the European Union. 2, Exploring the situation
This volume addresses some of the difficult issues surrounding women's work during a century of social upheaval, and demonstrates how hard it is to be precise about the nature and extent of women's occupations. It focuses on working-class women and the many problems relating to their work, full-time and part-time, paid and unpaid, outside and inside the home. Elizabeth Roberts examines men's attitudes to women's work, the difficulties of census enumeration and women's connections with trade unions. She also tackles in depth other areas of contention such as the effects of legislation on women's work, a 'family wage', and unequal pay and status. Dr Roberts' study provides a unique overview of an expanding field of social and economic history, while her survey of the available literature is a useful guide to further reading.
Gender differences in transitions from unemployment : micro evidence from Finland
Women and work : report on existing research in the European Union
Occupational segregation of women and men in the European Communities : network of experts on the situation of women in the labour market : synthesis report
Discrimination : the limits of law
Labour law, work, and family : critical and comparative perspectives
Gender equality in working life
Working women : an international survey
Gender, equality, and welfare states
The situation of workers of the occupied Arab territories
Personality and labour market outcomes
Globalization creates growth without jobs in the North, structural adjustment in the South, privatization in the East and the dismantling of states everywhere. It is a process which unifies through market integration and new information technologies, yet separates through growing social polarization. It is also a process which depends on the feminization of employment; rather than liberating women into the workplace, globalisation has bred a new underclass of low paid or unpaid women workers. Demonstrating exactly how women, all over the world, have become the call-girls of the global labour market, the author of this extraordinary book uses a mixture of case studies, examples and quotations to illustrate some hard facts. She looks at women across the world - to show how their lives have been turned upside down by industrialization in the South and a return to homeworking in the North. We meet Martha, 17-year old mother of two in Harlem, who cannot afford medical provision on the salary she has been forced to accept; Margaret, former secretary at the Ministry of Agriculture in Nairobi, now trading in second-hand clothes; Li Thi, a Vietnamese woman who is paid $500 a year for stitching the same running shoes that a top US basketball player is paid $20 million a year to promote.
Feminization of the labour force : paradoxes and promises
NGOs and the implementation of active labour market policies : the case of Finland and Sweden
This book will become a critical text in feminist and social theory. It brings together recent sociology of late modernity, particularly sociologies of reflexivity, aesthetics and detraditionalization, with a consideration of transformations of identity, especially transformations of gender and sexual identities. It does so in relation to questions of cultural economy; debates over the role and place of reflexivity in the social sciences; recent controversies over the significance of commodity aesthetics in regard to questions of identity; and debates on the significance of risk for the organization of contemporary sexualities. In so doing, it puts forward a distinctive thesis, namely that within late modernity gender and sexuality are being reworked in terms of categories of reflexivity and risk. It shows that this reworking places increasing significance on issues of mobility and identity in late modernity. It therefore outlines the politics of mobility in regard to identity, suggesting that mobility is an important but often neglected source of power in late modernity. "Revisions: Gender and Sexuality in Late Modernity" will be essential reading for advanced undergraduates, research students and academics working in the fields of feminist theory, social theory, sociology, women's studies and cultural studies.
Branding you : how to market yourself in a competitive world
Woman's place : options and limits in professional careers
An empirical analysis of the effect of labour market characteristics on marital dissolution rates
Gendered work : sexuality, family and the labour market
Economic perspectives on immigrants and intergenerational transmissions
Pink collar workers : inside the world of women's work
This book explores the highly significant and contested area of graduate employability and employment which is paid so much attention by those in the media and policy-makers. This is driven largely by concerns over the wider economic impact and value of graduates as increasing numbers complete their studies in higher education. At a time when graduates are seen as key to economic success, the critical question remains as to how their employability plays out in a changing labour market. This book brings together innovative approaches and research to present an extensive survey of the field. It provides insight on what is a complex and often elusive social and economic problem, ranging from how graduate employability is constructed as an economic and policy agenda to explorations of how graduates manage the transition from higher education to paid employment and finally to suggest future directions for curricula, policy and research.
OECD panel group on women, work and health : national report, Finland
Women's occupational mobility : a lifetime perspective
Roles in transition : report of an investigation made for the Advisory Council on Equality between Men and Women
Women in the labor market
A matter of hours : women, part-time work and the labour market
The gendering of inequalities : women, men and work
The making of European women's studies. Vol. 3
Report on equality between women and men - 2009
Gender equality at the heart of decent work : sixth item on the agenda
Why women don't have wives : professional success and motherhood
Families, labour markets and gender roles : a report on a European research workshop
A speaking postcard : essays on a sexual harassment case : publicity in the press
Graduate employability in context : theory, research and debate
Review of the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action : women and the economy ; Reconciliation of work and family life as a condition of equal participation in the labour market : main findings
Globalisation and gender : changing patterns of women's employment in Bangladesh
Young people and social policy in Europe : dealing with risk, inequality and precarity in times of crisis
The revaluation of women's work
Gender, class and work
Dirty Work : concepts and identities
Contributed articles.
Gender equality and occupational segregation in Nordic labour markets
Difficult but doable : good practices for equality work
Summary.
Summary in Finnish (Yhteenveto)
Women's career strategy choices and fertility in Finland
The position of women on the labour market : trends and developments in the twelve member states of the European Communities 1983-1990
From formal employment to street vending : women's room to maneuver and labor market decisions under conditions of export-orientation - the case Penang, Malaysia
The end of men and the rise of women
Strategies for transferring cultural capital : the case of highly skilled Finns in Europe
Occupational segregation during the 1980s and 1990s - the case of Finnish manufacturing
Contesting citizenship in urban China : peasant migrants, the state, and the logic of the market
Women at work : the status of women in the labour markets of the Czech Republic, Hungary and Poland
Report on progress on equality between women and men in 2010 : the gender balance in business leadership
Gender and the changing face of higher education : a feminized future?
Women and markets : learning of the differences in the Finnsh and German labour markets
Education as a vehicle for mobility? : exploring the relationship between ethnicity, education and labor market positioning in the Netherlands
Women at work in the Gulf : a study of Bahrain
This text aims to contribute to current debates on the labour market via an exploration of the significance of sexual and family relations in structuring employment. Through detailed studies of conditions of work in the British tourist industry, it shows how men and women are constituted as different kinds of "workers" in the labour market, not only when segregated in different occupations but also even when they are nominally located in the same jobs. This differentiation is shown to be connected to two key processes: the sexualization of women workers which locates women as sexual, as well as economic, workers; and the operation of family work relations within the sphere of employment, when women work as wives rather than waged labourers in the context of the contemporary labour market. These two processes are then drawn together to show the ways in which labour-market production is gendered.
