http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23562 restaurant workers
restaurant workers
Importance of high-quality customer service : business plan: Restaurant Changel
Betting on Grace
Motivation and the restaurant work force in Finnish Lapland
Fast food Nation : What the all-american meal is doing to the world
The aim of the study was to define the value, produced to a company, by an employee satisfaction survey. As there are two different kinds of researches, internal and outsourced, the secondary purpose was to find out, whether there was any difference between these two methods. The research began in autumn 2008 and was finalized in May 2009.      In the beginning, a description of a good workplace will be given, followed by defining the most important issues for wellbeing at work. There are factors, which the individual can impact on, such as recruitment, commitment and sick leaves. There are also factors, which the organization can impact on, such as customer satisfaction, sales and brand image.    Semi structured interviews with professionals in management level, were used to gather information for this thesis. The outcomes of the interviews, supported by own experience and knowledge, will be presented and later analyzed.    The findings were not very surprising, as the results showed once more that employees are the most precious asset for any company. When the wellbeing of employees is emphasized, it results in more satisfied employees. After a period of time this turns into commitment towards the company, which eventually results into cost savings, through for example less sick leaves. Satisfied employees lead also to satisfied customers, which can also reflect on employee satisfaction. Pleased customers promote the company's image positively. This leads to a larger customer base and increased sales. At the same time the company creates interest for possible future employees. The circle closes when the money earned through satisfied employees is again invested into improvement of wellbeing at work.      The research also showed that it is not enough to only conduct employee satisfaction surveys, but it requires serious involvement and readiness for change, by the management. A serious distinction between internal and outsourced study could not be found. Money, time and benchmark possibilities were the issues, which varied the most and had most notable differences.     The most important conclusion was that it is necessary to research employee satisfaction in some way, to be able to develop the company's wellbeing in order to build a better place to work.
Presents a behind-the-scenes tour of New York City's dynamic food culture, as told through the voices of those who have make this industry their lives.
The restaurant : from concept to operation. Student workbook
Working in hotels and catering
Organizational behavior for the hospitality industry
Forked : a new standard for American dining
Objective of this thesis was to create a new, interesting restaurant concept in Helsinki. Nowadays customers want to be provided with a new high-class restaurant experience, professional and knowledgeable high quality service, as well as first rate produces. All of these are valuable aspects in order to create long-term customer relations and satisfaction. Another important objective of this business plan was to provide a creative and supportive working environment to the professionals of the trade, whom want to fulfil themselves and enjoy their work. Long-term goal was also to raise the appreciation towards restaurant workers in general.    Theoretical section of this thesis highlights the importance of quality service in the restaurant industry. It takes the reader on a journey explaining in logical order what service actually is, what are the characteristics of good customer server, how those talents can be found, what drives them to provide excellent service and how companies can back up their employees to achieve their full potential. This thesis also summarises what are the positive outcomes of investing time and effort in taking good care of one's employees.     Customer service quality was chosen as the topic since it is something that the author of this thesis feels strongly about and believes that service can make or break a new restaurant. Research of theoretical framework was placed in action in the business plan, which's competitive edge is based on superior customer service quality.    Thesis process provided the author with the possibility to gain deeper knowledge in essential business planning as well as human resources management. Business plan framework used in this thesis made the author to look at entrepreneurism from many different aspects and to consider it as a true possibility to provide living for oneself. Aspects in the theoretical framework enriched the author's cognition on how important carefully planned human resources management is and how many things it affects in the long run. The author hopes that she can put these findings into action one day and provide a supportive and encouraging working environment for restaurant industry professionals.
Kitchens : the culture of restaurant work
Investigating employee turnover : battling the employee turnover in nightclub Freetime
The management of foodservice operations
Advances in hospitality and leisure
Flow with it! : well-being at work : case Café & Bar Time Out in Rantasipi Laajavuori
An "examination of what we don't talk about when we talk about restaurants: Is the line cook working through a case of stomach flu because he doesn't get paid sick days? Is the busser not being promoted because he speaks with an accent? Is the server tolerating sexual harassment because tips are her only income? ... [This book] offers an insider's view of the highest--and lowest--scoring restaurants for worker pay and benefits in each sector of the restaurant industry, and with it, a new way of thinking about how and where we eat"--Amazon.com.
Trends and skill needs in tourism
The restaurant manager's handbook : how to set up, operate, and manage a financially successful food service operation
Restaurant management : customers, operations, and employees
The impact of tobacco legislation on restaurant workers' exposure to tobacco smoke in Finland
Conditions of contract, common in-group identity, and in-group bias toward contingent workers
Introduction to hospitality
The sorcerer's apprentices : a season in the kitchen at Ferran Adrià's elBulli
The authors present menus and recipes from daily staff meals at twenty-five restaurants around the world, accompanied by anecdotes, interviews and traditions.
The practice of graduate research in hospitality and tourism
A highly unlikely scenario : or, a Neetsa Pizza employee's guide to saving the world
The hunger and the howling of Killian Lone
The importance given to the topic of Motivation has increased rapidly over the past centuries. The topic has been researched by an amount of researchers and has over time been adopted as an integral part of management procedures.   The main aims of this research are to find out what motivation means for the restaurant employees in Finnish Lapland. The author aims at finding out what motivates the restaurant employees in Finnish Lapland, and if the restaurant work force in Finnish Lapland is motivated at all. Furthermore the findings are compared to existing theory to see if similarities or differences to these can be found.  For the gathering of information for this research a questionnaire was designed. The questionnaires were distributed to approximately 40 restaurant companies in Finnish Lapland during the spring 2002. All restaurant employees were included in the study. Furthermore, the author was working in Lapland during the spring 2002, and thereby was able to collect further information by observation.  The research showed that restaurant employees in Finnish Lapland in first place are motivated by a good work atmosphere. As an opposite, a bad work atmosphere is the most de-motivating factor for the restaurant work force in Finnish Lapland. Furthermore, most of the employees feel that their supervisors motivate them. Main ways how managers motivate their employees are by communicating, encouraging and supporting them. Still, only less than one third of the employees included in the research plans to keep working in the restaurant industry for the rest of their life.
The restaurant : from concept to operation
Labour relations in the global fast-food industry
Training for the hospitality industry : techniques to improve job performance
The Analysis of Restaurant Industry In Kuopio Region
Last call at the nightshade lounge : A Novel
Sous chef : 24 hours in the kitchen
Lunch eating patterns during working hours and their social and work-related determinants : study of Finnish employees
Hospitality industry and the employment structure of hotels in Finland
Come in, we're closed : an invitation to staff meals at the world's best restaurants
The value of employee satisfaction surveys : a comparison between internal research and outsourced study
Last call at The Nightshade Lounge : a novel of magic and mixology
Food and the city : New York's professional chefs, restaurateurs, line cooks, street vendors, and purveyors talk about what they do and why they do it
Hospitality and catering
Introduction to hospitality management
Protecting workers in hotels, restaurants and catering
Working for McDonald's in Europe : the unequal struggle
Principles of food, beverage, and labor cost controls
Travel and tourism public relations : an introductory guide for hospitality managers
