http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23512 health food and supplement shops
health food and supplement shops
The objective of this thesis was to help the sponsor company (Luontaistuntijat Ltd) in getting to know its clients better and to acquire information about their consumer behavior and satisfaction. The following questions were answered with this thesis: who are the clients of Luontaistuntijat (socio-demographic variables), what is their buying behavior, how satisfied are the clients currently and which means of marketing are most effective in attracting and informing the clients about the products of Luontaistuntijat.    Theory background was based on the buying decision process (Jobber 2007) and on total perceived quality theory (Grönroos 2007). The thesis was carried out employing a quantitative research method. The survey was conducted in internet format using Webropol web survey tool and analyzed with SPSS and excel. The questionnaire was open for respondents starting from 6 of May 2011 until 14 of May. Altogether 701 answers were received.    The results of this study indicated that clients are satisfied with their experiences concerning interaction with Luontaistuntijat sales personnel and with its products. Best marketing channels are direct marketing for traditional shop visitors and Internet and direct marketing for online-buyers. Over three thirds of customers are traditional buyers (shop visitors) and a bit less than one fourth are online-buyers.    Based on this research two main recommendations were given to the management of Luontaistuntijat. In order to increase the turn-over it would be wise to try to involve more people to buy online and to attract more male clients as they both seem to form only a small part of customers nowadays.
Market research for entering russian e-commerce market for a finnish organic product based SME
Value-adding standards in the North American food market : trade opportunities in certified products for developing countries
Customer buying behavior and satisfaction : case: Luontaistuntijat Ltd
Thorsons organic consumer guide : food you can trust
