http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2359 environmental toxins
environmental toxins
Results from the Swedish National Screening Programme 2004.. Subreport 1, Adipates
Effects of organic material on the bioavailability, toxicokinetics and toxicity of xenobiotics in freshwater organisms
Investigations on methods for site specific determination of the partition coefficient - Kd, for contaminants in soil : thesis work with additional comments
Cold, clear, and deadly : unraveling a toxic legacy
PCBs : recent advances in environmental toxicology and health effects
Toxicity of retene and pyrene on fish at different light conditions
Results from the Swedish National Screening Programme 2004.. Subreport 2, Octachlorostyrene, monochlorostyrenes and β-bromostyrene
Chemical ecotoxicology
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
Ecotoxicology : a comprehensive treatment
Environmental hazard classification : classification of selected substances as dangerous for the environment (II)
Results from the Swedish National Screening Programme 2005.. Subreport 3, Perfluorinated alkylated substances (PFAS)
Encyclopedia of environmental control technology. Vol. 7, High-hazard pollutants
Utilization of halogenated benzenes, phenols, and benzoates by Rhodococcus opacus GM-14
Environmental dynamics of pesticides
Toxicity of sediment and concentrations of PAHs in creosote-contaminated lake
Cleanup criteria for contaminated soil and groundwater
Heavy metals in european mosses: 2000/2001 survey : UNECE ICP Vegetation
Lead in the environment : bibliography = Blei in der Umwelt. Part 2 : Sources of environmental lead
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 2, C
Results from the Swedish National Screening Programme 2004.. Subreport 4, Siloxanes
Endocrine disrupting chemicals
WFD Priority substances in sediments from Stockholm and the Svealand coastal region
Calculated risks : understanding the toxicity and human health risks of chemicals in our environment
Foodborne disease handbook 4: seafood and environmental toxins. Volume 4, Seafood and environmental toxins
Phytoremediation of hydrocarbon-contaminated soil
Biodegradation and bioremediation
The use of decision-aid methods in the assessment of risk reduction measures in the control of chemicals
Principles of ecotoxicology
Toxic chlorinated and polyaromatic hydrocarbons in simulated house fires
Evolution in a toxic world : how life responds to chemical threats
The toxic metals
Computational toxicology : methods and applications for risk assessment
The apocalyptics : cancer and the big lie
Aquatic pollution : an introductory text
Lead in the environment : bibliography = Blei in der Umwelt. Part 3, Distribution of the environmental lead
Genomics in regulatory ecotoxicology : applications and challenges
Animals as monitors of environmental pollutants
Chemical reactivities as a mirror of environmental transformations : method development and assessment of some selected organohalogens
"Written primarily as a textbook for upper-level undergraduate and beginning graduate students, this book provides fundamental knowledge concerning the biological and health effects of pollutants on living systems. Also able to serve as a reference for professionals, the book stresses the chemical and biological characteristics of major pollutants found in the air, water, and soil, and their impacts on the health and wellbeing of humans, animals, and plants. This new edition is greatly expanded and updated, includes a color insert, and contains a new chapter on Occupational Toxicology"--Provided by publisher.
Environmental toxicology and chemistry
Chemical consequences : environmental mutagens, scientist activism, and the rise of genetic toxicology
Body toxic : how the hazardous chemistry of everyday things threatens our health and well-being
Platinum metals in the environment
Eisler's encyclopedia of environmentally hazardous priority chemicals
Persistent organic pollutants in Asia : sources, distributions, transport and fate
Second periodic assessment of the state of the marine environment of the Baltic Sea, 1984-1988 : general conclusions
Results from the Swedish National Screening Programme 2005.. Subreport 1, Antibiotics, antiinflammatory substances and hormones
Mycotoxins and N-nitroso compounds: environmental risks. 1
The role of sorption in the ecological risk assessment of xenobiotics
Substances and preparations dangerous for the environment : a system for classification, labelling and safety data sheets : final report from a Nordic working group
Results from the Swedish National Screening Programme 2006.. Subreport 2, 1,5,9-Cyclododecatriene
Natural processes and systems for hazardous waste treatment
Eco-toxicity analysis of pharmaceutical and personal care products
Nordic Symposium on Organic Environmental Chemicals : abstracts = Nordiskt möte om organiska miljögifter, 11.-14.9.1989
Fate and transport of POPs in the aquatic environment : with focus on contaminated sediments
Heavy metal resistance of two boreal dwarf shrubs in a polluted environment
Our global environment : a health perspective
Canopy and soil interaction with deposition in remote boreal forest ecosystems : a long-term integrated monitoring approach
Retrospective Study of Effects of Air Pollution on Human Health
Persistent organic compounds in the marine environment : background document for the "Action plan for marine pollution"
Gard handbook on protection of the marine environment
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 5, I-M
Hazardous waste: classifications and treatment technologies
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 7, S-Z
Biocides in papermaking chemistry
Analysis of perfluoroalkyl acids in Swedish biota : temporal trends, tissue distribution and toxicity
Reproductive and Developmental Toxicology
Results from the Swedish National Screening Programme 2006.. Subreport 1, Phthalates
Biocides in plastics
Lead in the environment : bibliography = Blei in der Umwelt. Part 1
Derivation and use of environmental quality and human health standards for chemical substances in water and soil
Environmental geochemical atlas of the Central Barents Region
Development of ecotoxicity and toxicity testing of chemicals : proceeding of the Third Nordic Meeting 19.-20 May 1998, Kollekolle
Environmental properties of chemicals. Volume 2
Organohalogen contaminants in Greenland shark (Somniosus microcephalus)
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 6, N-R
Ecological effects of wastewater : applied limnology and pollutant effects
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) in a river ecosystem
Alternatives testing methodologies
The influence of sediment-associated phthalate esters (DEHP and DIDP) on hatching and survival of the moorfrog, Rana arvalis
Structures of organic environmental chemicals
Environmental plant physiology
Living with the earth : concepts in environmental health science
Lead - environmental aspects
Toxicity of heavy metals in the environment
The M74 syndrome of Baltic salmon (Salmo salar) and organochlorine concentrations in the muscle of female salmon
The international biostatistics conference on the study of toxicology, May 23-25, 1991, Tokyo
Identification of brominated organic compounds in aquatic biota and exploration of bromine isotope analysis for source apportionment
Results from the Swedish National Screening Programme 2006.. Subreport 3, Zinc pyrithione and irgarol 1051
Honey bees : estimating the environmental impact of chemicals
Lead, mercury, cadmium and arsenic in the environment
Seafood Safety
Visit sunny Chernobyl : and other adventures in the world's most polluted places
Brominated flame retardants and perfluoroalkyl acids in Swedish indoor microenvironments : implications for human exposure
A world without bees
Scared to death : from BSE to global warming - how scares are costing us the earth
The Murmansk region environmental pollution impact 1990-1995 : scale 1:1000000
Fundamentals of ecotoxicology : the science of pollution
Evaluation of research in environmental toxicology in Finland = Ympäristötoksikologisen tutkimuksen arviointi
Biomonitoring of cadmium in cattle, pigs and humans
Environmental occurrence and behaviour of the flame retardant decabromodiphenyl ethane
Levels of organohalogen compounds in white-tailed sea eagles (Haliaeetus albicilla) in relation to reproduction impairment in the Bothnian Sea
Multiple stress in Pisidium amnicum (Bivalvia) : interactions of toxic chemicals, seasonal temperatures and trematode parasites
State of the world 2002 : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
Toxicants in aqueous ecosystems : a guide for the analytical and environmental chemist
Development of ecotoxicity and toxicity testing of chemicals : proceeding of the 2nd Network Meeting
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 1, A-B
Genetics and ecotoxicology
Natural arsenic in groundwaters of Latin America
Biotransformation and endocrine disruptive effects of contaminants in ringed seals : implications for monitoring and risk assessment
Lead and health
Sources, emissions, and occurrence of chlorinated paraffins in Stockholm, Sweden
Trends and exposure of naturally produced brominated substances in Baltic biota : with focus on OH-PBDEs, MeO-PBDEs and PBDDs
Development of methods for toxic element analysis in samples with environmental concern by ICP-AES and ETAAS
Chemical principles of environmental pollution
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons : evaluation of sources and effects
Synthesis of single and mixed metal oxides for VOCs oxidation
Environmental contaminant reference databook. Vol. 2
Reviews of environmental contamination and toxicology
Arsenic exposure and health effects : proceedings of the Third International Conference on Arsenic Exposure and Health Effects, July 12-15 1998, San Diego, California
Cadmium in the environment
Survey of atmospheric heavy metal deposition in the Nordic countries in 1985 monitored by moss analyses
Bone as a target for persistent organic pollutants
Pharmaceutical and personal care products (PPCPs) are “any pharmaceutical product that are used for individual health or for cosmetic reasons as well as agribusiness to enhance growth of livestock or to keep it healthy” (EPA, 2010). PPCPs are used in huge amount on a daily basis throughout the world. PPCPs include prescribed and over the counter pharmaceutical products. PPCPs are found in many drinking water sources, in treated or untreated sewage including rivers, streams, ground water, coastal marine environments, and many other drinking water sources due to their easily dissolving nature under normal temperature and pressure.  This thesis on the toxicity analysis of Pharmaceutical and Personal Care Products was made on eight selected toxicants, which are fundamentally used to identify the levels of toxicity and effect on the aquatic organisms as well as to the terrestrial environment. The test was done by Microtox® Model 500 Analyzer, which is used to monitor changes in the level of light emission from a marine luminescent bacterium when challenged with a toxic substance or sample containing PPCP or test toxicant. The toxicity analysis made to all the selected eight pharmaceutical and personal care products showed their levels of toxicity and their effect to the aquatic organisms. The aquatic toxicity of the compounds were analyzed and summarized according to the standard toxicity categories, by considering their EC50 values. The test results were categorized as Toxic, Very Toxic, and Harmful according to the standard Classification of acute toxicity to Globally Harmonized System of Classification.  From the analyzed antibiotics, Norfloxacin indicated a very toxic behavior to the aquatic environment nonetheless Clarithromycin indicated a less toxic behavior and falls into the less toxic category of standard toxicity categorization. In addition, the analysis made on the commonly found parabens indicated a toxic behavior to the aquatic environment without exception.   Furthermore, the evaluation of toxicity of pharmaceutical active compounds and personal care products is a powerful and useful tool for assessing environmental impact of many compounds; consequently it is recommended that a further progress in these assessments could help analyze more compounds in these categories, that are used for everyday consumption, and to be able to establish a start point for the regulation and standardization in the environment.
Determination of toxic metals and metalloids in ambient air
Inventory of critical reviews on chemicals
Analysis of DDT- and PCB-type compounds low level in fish with reference to pike, perch and bream in lake Päijänne
Arsenic : exposure and health effects
Swedish summary.
The cytochrome P450 system in fish : immunochemical approaches to studies of cellular localization and induction by xenobiotics
Estimating environmentally important properties of chemicals from the chemical structure
Hormonally active agents in the environment
Genetic roulette : the documented health risks of genetically engineered foods
Environmental toxicants : human exposures and their health effects
Mercury fate and transport in the global atmosphere : emissions, measurements and models
Biodegradation : its role in reducing toxicity and exposure to environmental contaminants, April 23-26, 1993, Research Triangle Park, NC
Results from the Swedish National Screening Programme 2004.. Subreport 3, Limonene
Uptake rates of semipermeable membrane devices (SPMDs) for PCDDs, PCDFs and PCBs in water and sediment
The vulnerable brain and environmental risks. Vol. 3, Toxins in air and water
Dioxins in the Baltic Sea
Report of the joint FAO/WHO Expert Consultation on the Risks and Benefits of Fish Consumption : Rome, 25-29 January 2010.
Toksikologisymposium 1986 : tiivistelmät = Symposium on toxicology, reproductive toxicology & ecotoxicology : abstracts, Joensuu 4.-5.4.1986
Does dissolved organic matter matter? : implications for bioavailability of organic chemicals
Environmental toxicology
PAHs: comparative biotransformation and trophic transfer of their metabolites in the aquatic environment : fate of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in aquatic experiments
Results from the Swedish National Screening Programme 2004.. Subreport 5, Mirex and endosulfan
Establishment of a network of protected nature territories in the border zone of Karelia and Finland
In situ evaluation of biological hazards of environmental pollutants
Why poison ourselves? : a precautionary approach to synthetic chemicals
Environmental toxicology : biological and health effects of pollutants
Assessment of environmental pollutants in humans from four continents : exposure levels in Slovakia, Guinea-Bissau, Nicaragua and Bangladesh
Ecotoxicology and environmental safety
The state of the arctic environment : reports
Effect of liquid inhibitors on PCDD/F formation : prediction of particle-phase PCDD/F concentrations using PLS modelling with gas-phase chlorophenol concentrations as independent variables
Biomarker protein expression in fish : a study of cellular responses to environmental pollutants
Toxicants in the aqueous ecosystem
Aquatic toxicology and water quality management
Principles of environmental toxicology
Lead fishing sinkers and jigs in Canada : review of their use patterns and toxic impacts on wildlife
Lead in the environment
Methodology for hemoglobin adduct measurement : fetal exposures to acrylamide and other genotoxic agents
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 3, D-Dim
Degradation half-life times of PCDDs, PCDFs and PCBs for environmental fate modeling
Persistent organic pollutants : a Swedish view of an international problem
This edited volume presents new data and insights from the most internationally respected PGE experts, representing a variety of disciplines ranging from chemistry, geochemistry, biology, environmental science to toxicology and environmental health. It builds upon three previous co-edited books published by Springer, Zereini and Alt (Eds.) (1999, 2000 and 2006), incorporating the most recent advances on the topic. The book covers the following topical areas related to PGE: sources and applications, analytical methods, environmental fate, bioavailability and chemical behaviour, use of bioindicators and human exposures and health risk potential. Highly interdisciplinary in orientation, this book is a comprehensive guide to academics, students and professionals working in a number of different scientific fields, who are interested in topics related to platinum metal emissions in the environment.
Our stolen future : are we threatening our fertility, intelligence, and survival? : a scientific detective story : Theo Colborn, Dianne Dumanoski and John Peterson Myers
Susceptibility to environmental hazards
Dioxaspiro-type structures as intermediates in the formation of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins : a semi-empirical AM1 molecular orbital study
Computational Toxicology: Methods and Applications for Risk Assessment is an essential reference on the translation of computational toxicology data into information that can be used for more informed risk assessment decision-making. This book is authored by leading international investigators who have real-world experience in relating computational toxicology methods to risk assessment. Key topics of interest include QSAR modeling, chemical mixtures, applications to metabolomic and metabonomic data sets, toxicogenomic analyses, applications to REACH informational strategies and much more. With a free companion website featuring an image bank from the book and web links for further research and reading, this authoritative reference is your complete guide to computational toxicology methods and applications to risk assessment. Authored by leading international researchers engaged in cutting-edge applications of computational methods for translating complex toxicological data sets into useful risk assessment informationIncorporates real-world examples of how computational toxicological methods have been applied to advance the science of risk assessment Provides the framework necessary for new technologies and fosters common vocabularies and principles upon which the effects of new chemical entities should be compared.
Metallic contaminants of significance to Northwest Territories residents
Factors affecting the forest decline : collection of publications from the Department of Environmental Conservation. 2.
Man and the Baltic Sea. Part I & Part II
Persistent organic pollutants (POPs) are ubiquitous and bioaccumulative man-made chemicals, resistant to chemical, biological and photolytic degradation and widely distributed to sediments, wildlife, and human. Many of these chemicals have adverse effects on a variety of targets, including the endocrine system, organogenesis and reproduction. Due to these effects and wide distribution, many of them are either banned or strictly controlled. However, because of persistency, they continue to interact with organisms globally.Despite the existing knowledge of the adverse effects of POPs, the effects of many chemicals on bone tissue are still poorly known. In the present study, we investigated the adverse effects of three common POPs, including tributyltin (TBT), 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) and perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) on the skeletal system. In vitro models were used to study the effects of PFOA in mouse and in human, and the co-effects of TBT and TCDD on differentiating osteoblasts and osteoclasts of mice. An in vivo model for mice was used to study the developmental effects of maternal PFOA-exposure on pups among with morphometrical and biomechanical property analyses. Mass-spectrometry was used to study the presence of PFOA in bones both in mice and in human, the latter acquired from the bone bank held in the Oulu University Hospital, Finland. The bones were also analyzed with cone beam computer tomography and microcomputer tomography.The results show that PFOA exposure in utero and during lactation leads to the accumulation of PFOA in bone, traceable even 17 months after exposure. PFOA exposure decreased the mineral density of the tibias and increased the medullary area. Nearly all of the human samples contained PFAS, including PFOA. PFOA also disturbed the differentiation of osteoblasts and with lower doses, increased bone resorption of osteoclasts both in mouse and human, the phenomenon being slightly stronger in mice. Co-exposure to TBT and TCDD led to decreased differentiation of osteoblasts and osteoclast, and the co-effect was partially synergistic in osteoblasts.These results show disruption of bone development, bone cell differentiation, and PFAS accumulation in bone. Further studies are recommended to evaluate the co-effects of different POPs and the possible effects of long-term accumulation of POPs in bone and other tissues.
Environmental issues facing Tibetan pastoral communities
Powerless science? : science and politics in a toxic world
Exposure and human PCDD/F and PCB body burden in Finland
Animals as sentinels of environmental health hazards
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 4, Din-H
Speciation of metals in water, sediment and soil systems
Water quality critera for European freshwater fish : revised report on combined effects on freshwater fish and other aquatic life of mixtures of toxicants in water
Management of pollutant emission from landfills and sludge
