http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23522 Iranians
Iranians
Indo-Iranian languages and peoples
Refashioning Iran : Orientalism, Occidentalism, and historiography
High variability phonetic training : Arabic and Persian speakers learning Finnish vowels /y/ and /ø
Studies in Israeli ethnicity : after the ingathering
Iranian women's political activism in the 2009 postelection events, and their usage of social media
Pashto : the complete course. IIB
Poet and hero in the Persian book of kings
The Ōrmuṛī or Bargistā language : an account of a little-known Eranian dialect
Persian drawings in the Metropolitan Museum of Art
The Iranian languages
Comparative-historical linguistics : Indo-European and Finno-Ugric : papers in honor of Oswald Szemerényi III
A history of Persian literature. Vol. 17, The literature of pre-Islamic Iran : companion volume I
The literature of the Iranian Diaspora : meaning and identity since the Islamic revolution
Ancient and Middle Iranian studies : proceedings of the 6th European Conference of Iranian Studies, held in Vienna, 18-22 September 2007
Introduction to Pushtu : an official language of Afghanistan
The world's major languages
Religious texts in Iranian languages : symposium held in Copenhagen May 2002
Indo-Iranian frontier languages. Vol. 3, 3, The Pashai language : Vocabulary
Communication in personal relationships across cultures
Indo-Iranian frontier languages. Vol. 1, Parachi and Ormuri
When tradition meets modernity : five life stories from the Galesh community in Ziarat, Golestan, Iran
Iranian refugees and exiles since Khomeini
Pashto : the complete course. IIA
Warring souls : youth, media, and martyrdom in post-revolution Iran
A teaspoon of earth and sea
Evidentials : Turkic, Iranian and neighbouring languages
Languages of Iran: past and present : Iranian studies in memoriam David Neil MacKenzie
Pashto : the complete course. IA
Comparative basic vocabulary of Khonjī and Lārī = Wāžahnāmi bunyādī tatbīqī ḫunǧā wa lārī
Iranian world and Volga-Permian languages
Studies in the history and language of the Sarmatians
Digging to America
An anthology of Iranian studies. 3
Turkic-Iranian contact areas : historical and linguistic aspects
Middle Iranian studies : proceedings of the international symposium organized by the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven from the 17th to the 20th of May 1982
The Avestan vowels
The Gilaki language
The Iranian name for Christians and the "God-fearers"
Indo-Iranian frontier languages. Vol. 3, 2, The Pashai language : texts and translations
Ways to survive, battles to win : Iranian women exiles in the Netherlands and United States
Shirin Neshat : Women without men
The vowel systems of five Iranian Balochi dialects
The fingers and their names in the Iranian languages : onomasiological studies on body-part terms, I
Studia iranica et alanica : Festschrift for prof. Vasilij Ivanovic Abaev on the occasion of his 95th birthday
Languages of South Asia : a guide
The Dardic and Nuristani languages
Iranians & Greeks in South Russia
Iranian languages and texts from Iran and Turan : Ronald E. Emmerick memorial volume
Romani : a linguistic introduction
The problematics of well-being : experiences and expectations of migrants and New Finns in the Finnish welfare state
Voices at the borders, prose on the marigins : exploring the contemporary Pashto short story in a context of war and crisis
Vidyārṇavavandanam : essays in Honour of Asko Parpola
The republic of imagination : a case for fiction
Notes on the language and ethnography of the Zoroastrians of Yazd
The 1979 Revolution in Iran caused the migration of millions of Iranians, many of whom wrote of, and are still writing of, their experiences. Sanaz Fotouhi here traces the origins of the emerging body of diasporic Iranian literature in English, and uses these origins to examine the socio-political position and historical context from which they emerged. While situating this body of work through existing theories such as postcolonialism, Fotouhi sheds new light on the role of Iranian literature and culture in Western literature by showing that these writings distinctively reflect a diasporic experience unique to Iranians. Analysing the relationship between Iranians and their new surroundings by drawing on theories of migration, narration and identity, Fotouhi examines how the literature borne out of the Iranian Diaspora reflects socio-political realities today. The first of its kind, this book will be vital for researchers of Middle Eastern literature and its relationship with writings from the West, as well as those interested in the cultural history of the Middle East.
Etymological dictionary of the Iranian verb
A Pali grammar for students
The Iranians : Persia, Islam and the soul of a nation
Iranians in Sweden : a study of language maintenance and shift
Politics and poetics of migration : narratives of Iranian women from the diaspora
Northern Talysh
Iran facing others : identity boundaries in a historical perspective
Oral health among young adults and the middle-aged in Iran
Mihmani-i ayinah : (ingilisi-farsi) : dastan'ha-yi az zanan-i nivisandah-yi muasir-i Iran = A feast in the mirror : stories by contemporary Iranian women
Iranica varia : papers in honor of Professor Ehsan Yarshater
Iranica Cracoviensia : Cracow Iranian studies in memory of Władysław Dulęba
The history of contemporary Iranian Jews
School, a miniature of society : life stories about well-being, education and career plan of young Iranians in Finland
Proto-Indo-European, Proto-Aryan, Proto-Indo-Aryan and Proto-Iranian in archaeological perspective : summary of a holsitic attempt at reconstruction
The making of exile cultures : Iranian television in Los Angeles
Diasporic narratives of sexuality : identity formation among Iranian-Swedish women
Iranian loanwords in Syriac
A grammar of Manichean Sogdian
Middle Iranian lexicography : proceedings of the conference held in Rome, 9-11 April 2001
The Paikuli inscription : restoration and interpretation. 1, Restored text and translation
Studies in the language of the Iranian tribes in South Russia
A sociolinguistic study of language shift in Mazandarani
The good daughter : my mother's hidden life
The major languages of South Asia, the Middle East and Africa
Iranians in Sweden : economic, cultural and social integration
A grammar of the Shina language of Indus Kohistan
"This collection of essays is about Iranian identity in its various manifestations as it encountered the challenge of modernity. It problematizes the notion of an all-inclusive and universal "Iranian-ness" while considering the place of collective memory and sense of community. It consists of five parts organized along thematic lines. The first part, "The Legacy of Cultural Exclusion," deals with the medieval and early modern attempts to define notions of Iran and 'ajam and its supposed others--aniran, Turco-Mongols, and South Asians--through the Persian medieval epic, the Shahnamah, Persian literary histories and tazkirahs. The second part, "The Internal Frontiers," deals with the question of identity at the frontiers of Iran, including nineteenth century travel narratives in Khurasan, Azerbaijani regional re-readings of the significance of Babak Khorramdin, and Qashqa'i attitudes towards the "Iranian" state. The third part, "Empires and Encounters," examines the nature of Iranian interactions with Empires--Russian, British and Ottoman--in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, with an emphasis of political and cultural "othering". The fourth part, "Identity and Iranian Political Cultures," discusses the Iranian intellectual engagement with Orientalism and the shaping of Iranian understandings of self and other in the twentieth century. Part five, "Globalized anxieties," expands on the theme of Iranian cultural anxieties--both domestically and internationally--and how the modern Iranian state (including the Islamic Republic) copes with the challenges of globalization, the treatment of its own minorities, and imagined domestic enemies. Finally, it addresses how Iranian diaspora communities negotiate their identities abroad, particularly in the United States".
Old Avestan syntax and stylistics : with an edition of the texts
Indo-Iranian frontier languages. Vol. 2, Iranian Pamir languages (Yidgha-Munji, Sanglechi-Ishkashmi and Wakhi)
Medioiranica : proceedings of the international colloquium organized by the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven from the 21st to the 23rd of May 1990
Language in time and space : a Festschrift for Werner Winter on the occasion of his 80th birthday
"Illegal" traveller : an auto-ethnography of borders
Pashto : the complete course. IB
Welfare research into marginal communities in Finland : insider perspectives on health and social care
City of lies : love, sex, death and the search for truth in Tehran
The Balochi language of Turkmenistan : a corpus-based grammatical description
Topics in Iranian linguistics
Studies in the historical development of the Ossetic vocalism
