http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23551 cousins
cousins
In 1814 London, Gretchen must put aside annoyance at the constant buzzing caused by being a Whisperer, concern about her twin brother, her growing feelings for a member of the Order of Iron Nail, and the boredom of being a debutante when a new menace threatens Mayfair.
My Lady Jane : the not entirely true story
Braided lives : a novel
Hailey Twitch and the wedding glitch
Tigers in red weather
Summertime : scenes from provincial life
The world of Norm : must be washed separately
Cold fire
The gardens of Kyoto : a novel
Poppy's house has always had at least one little foster-brother or sister. But when her mum announces they'll be getting a new foster-child, she isn't expecting it to be Sadie Shaw. Sadie is hard as nails, cold as ice, tougher than a tiger - and she's the new girl in Poppy's class at school. They'd never be seen together in public. Now they're sharing a bathroom. Sadie and Poppy have a secret. They may not like each other, but their mums are sisters - who haven't even spoken for years. But now Sadie's mum's disappeared, her dad's in prison and Poppy's mum is treating her like a long-lost daughter. How can Mum fall for Sadie's sweet-as-honey act - when Poppy knows all too well what she's really like?
The taste of apple seeds
Five on a hike together
Five get into trouble
Horrid Henry's haunted house
Five on Kirrin Island again
Uskottomuus = A touch of infidelity
Five go adventuring again
Five go off in a caravan
Cold magic
Ghost heart
Charming Billy
Revenge for Jolly!
An Unexpected love
The drop
The house of eyes
Iggy & me and the new baby
Nathaniel Fludd beastologist book one : flight of the phoenix
I know!
The widow's confession
Revenge of the living dummy
A breath of frost
Marge and the pirate baby
Play ball!
Five on a treasure island
Sir Lance-a-Little and the ginormous giant
New York immigrant
Five go to Smuggler's Top
The unicorns of blossom wood. [2], Festival time
Definitely dead
Sir Lance-a-little and the most annoying fairy
The unicorns of blossom wood. [1], Believe in magic
The time garden
Shadow spell
Magic kitten : double trouble
A dozen cousins
The keep
When the doves disappeared
Edward is the King of England. He's also dying, which is inconvenient, as he's only sixteen and he'd rather be planning his first kiss than who will inherit his crown. Jane, Edward's cousin, is far more interested in books than romance. Unfortunately, Edward has arranged to marry her off to Gifford secure the line of succession. And Gifford is, well, a horse. That is, he is an Eðian (eth-y-un, for the uninitiated) who becomes a chestnut steed every morning, but wakes as a man at dusk, with a mouthful of hay. Very undignified. The plot thickens as the three are drawn into a dangerous conspiracy, and have to engage in some conspiring of their own. But can they pull off their plan before it's off with their heads? / Library of Congress.
A daughter's inheritace
Curses! : foiled again
The keep : [a novel]
Whisper the dead
The London Eye mystery
Queen of shadows : a Throne of glass novel
A brief history of Montmaray
Love enough for two
Stranger in the room
How I live now
Sir Lance-a-Little and the Three Angry Bears
The honeymoon sisters
This is Helsinki
The game
