http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23525 undercover operations
undercover operations covert operations
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne sanction : a new Jason Bourne novel
Sleeping dogs : Nordic edition : PS3
Morten Storm was an unlikely jihadi. A six-foot-one red-haired Dane, Storm spent his teens in and out of trouble. A book about the Prophet Mohammed prompted his conversion to Islam, and Storm sought purpose in a community of believers. He attended a militant madrasah in Yemen, named his son Osama, and became close friends with Anwar al-Awlaki, the American-born terrorist cleric. But after a decade of jihadi life, he not only repudiated extremism but, in a quest for atonement, became a double agent for the CIA and British and Danish intelligence. Agent Storm takes readers inside the jihadist world like never before, showing the daily life of idealistic men set on mass murder, from dodging drones with al-Qaeda leaders in the Arabian desert to training in extremist gyms in Britain and performing supply drops in Kenya. The book also provides a tantalizing look at his dangerous life undercover, as Storm traveled the world for missions targeting its most dangerous terrorists, and into the world's most powerful spy agencies: their tradecraft, rivalries, and late-night carousing, as well as their ruthless use of a beautiful blonde in an ambitious honey trap. Agent Storm is a captivating real-life thriller.
An ember in the ashes
Cammie Morgan and her friends finally know why the terrorist organization called the Circle of Cavan has been hunting her. Now the spy girls and Zach must track down the Circle's elite members to stop them before they implement a master plan that will change Cammie--and her country--forever.
Undercover
The mammoth book of undercover cops
Inside the global jihad : how I infiltrated Al Qaeda and was abandoned by western intelligence
Sleeping dogs : definitive edition : Xbox One
UN covert negotiator Yael Azoulay went rogue in Geneva and nearly lost her life. Her physical wounds are healed, but she will never be able to forget what happened. Now back in New York, Yael uncovers a chilling conspiracy whose end game is a devastating new war in the Middle East. But as Yael draws closer to the truth, she is forced to confront the ghosts of her past. As the few certainties of her life begin to crumble around her, a terrifying truth is laid bare: Yael has enormously powerful enemies who neither forgive, nor forget.
Only the good spy young
Charlie Wilson's war : the extraordinary story of the largest covert operation in history
The Teeth of the tiger
"Laia is a Scholar living under the iron-fisted rule of the Martial Empire. When her brother is arrested for treason, Laia goes undercover as a slave at the empire's greatest military academy in exchange for assistance from rebel Scholars who claim that they will help to save her brother from execution." / WolrldCat.
Sapphires are an earl's best friend
When a terrifying encounter in London reveals that one of her most-trusted allies is actually a rogue double-agent, Cammie Morgan no longer knows if she can trust her classmates, her teachers--or even her own heart.
The last 10 seconds
Daughters of the KGB : Moscow's secret spies, sleepers and assassins of the cold war
Locked on
Human rights in the investigation and prosecution of crime
The Washington stratagem
Dropzone : Terminal velocity
A wanted man
Sleeping dogs : definitive edition : PlayStation 4
Sheriff : a Jussi Vares Nordic PI novel
The fast and the furious
Robert Ludlum's The Bourne legacy
Ronnie's looking for trouble : the true story of Britain's most brutal undercover cop
The last  10 seconds
The affair
No angel : my undercover journey to the dark heart of the Hells Angels
Deep cover : the inside story of how DEA infighting, incompetence, and subterfuge lost us the biggest battle of the drug war
The black friar
Ultimate action : triple pack : PS3
Secret agent Lily Dawson poses as a courtesan to try to uncover a traitor to the Crown, and soon enlists the help of Andrew Booth-Payne, the Earl of Darlington.
Sweet tooth
Liars, Inc
Out of sight, out of time
A little white death
21 Jump Street
Orkney twilight
Agent Storm : my life inside al Qaeda and the CIA
"Laia is a Scholar living under the iron-fisted rule of the Martial Empire. When her brother is arrested for treason, Laia goes undercover as a slave at the empire's greatest military academy in exchange for assistance from rebel Scholars who claim that they will help to save her brother from execution"-- Provided by publisher
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne sanction
Ultimate action : triple pack : Xbox 360.
Deadlock : a Ryan Lock thriller
An ember in the ashes : a novel
Live fire
A wanted man : a Jack Reacher novel
Sadonkorjuu : tutkittua puutarhatuotantoa 2003-2005 = Harvest : horticultural research results 2003-2005
United we spy
The seeker
Journey to Munich
Kay Hamilton has paid the price for going rogue. Fired by the DEA, she's now been quietly recruited by the Callahan Group, a quasi-governmental agency charged with accomplishing special missions for the president off the grid. Kay and her daughter relocate to Washington, D.C., but before Kay's completed her training, she's sent to a hostile province in Afghanistan. There a mission that should have been purely political turns unexpectedly and explosively violent. Barely getting out alive, Kay follows a trail of deception and murder from Washington to West Virginia to England. Finding herself at the centre of an international plot she begins to question those she loves, those she works for and her own faith in justice.
The sting man : inside Abscam
The soul of discretion : a Simon Serrailler case
Running with the Firm : my double life as an undercover hooligan
Black ops
When seventeen-year-old Cammie wakes up in a convent high in the Alps, she slowly comes to realize that she's been tortured, the last four months have been erased from her mind, and an ancient terrorist organization is hunting for her.
The good jihadist
Agent Storm : a spy inside al-Qaeda
A Danish national-turned-associate of al Qaeda provides an inside look at his decade as a radical Islamist, as well as his ultimate decision to leave the jihadist life and become a double agent for the CIA and British and Danish intelligence.
To kill for
Sleeping dogs : definitive edition : PS4
Protection of assets : investigation
22 Jump Street
Don't judge a girl by her cover
