http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23526 ranking lists
ranking lists
100 cult films
University rankings : theoretical basis, methodology and impacts on global higher education
The university in the age of globalization : rankings, resources, and reforms
The global academic rankings game : changing institutional policy, practice, and academic life
The global urban competitiveness report 2011
Ranking lists and European framework programmes : does university status matter for performance in framework programmes?
Rankings and the reshaping of higher education : the battle for world-class excellence
Mapping the higher education landscape
Governing universities globally : organizations, regulation and rankings
Ranking lists and European Framework Programmes:  Does university status matter for performance in Framework Programmes?
University rankings, diversity, and the new landscape of higher education
Global university rankings : challenges for European higher education
"This publication contains all my articles originally published in University world news, the Philippine daily inquirer and the Asian journal of university education plus a selection of posts from University ranking watch ..."--Preface p. 7.
Watching the rankings : selected writings on international university rankings and related topics
Contemporary threats and opportunities : academic freedom and institutional autonomy within the context of accreditation, quality assurance and rankings : proceedings of the Conference of the Magna Charta observatory 15-16 september 2011
The relation between university prestige and alumni employment rate in UK. : a qualitative analysis
Global university rankings and their impact : report. 2
Although research universities represent only fifteen to twenty per cent of national university systems worldwide, they provide the bulk of fundamental research and doctoral training. Written by two veteran university administrators, Leading Research Universities in a Competitive World focuses on the international ranking systems uneven distribution of these institutions in industrialized countries, and the organizational factors affecting their efficacy, prestige, and performance. Robert Lacroix and Louis Maheu argue that research universities, despite being embedded within academia's mindset and rules, have to master market influences and relationships in order to produce new knowledge and attract the rare talent and limited financial assets required for successful research and education activities. Comparing the configuration of higher education systems in the US, UK, France, and Canada, the authors outline the ways in which research universities, which need public funding and have to engage diverse forms of state regulation, may possess sufficient autonomy to behave as independent actors. They demonstrate that reaching an equilibrium between autonomy and state regulation, though challenging, is an essential element in the success of high performing research universities. Leading Research Universities in a Competitive World illuminates the operation of these institutions through substantive quantitative and qualitative datasets to address the fundamental question of why universities perform differently.
Rankings and accountability in higher education : uses and misuses
Student Satisfaction and Academic Rankings: Do They Correlate?  : Study Advisory as an Alternative to Academic Rankings.
The merciless book of metal lists
A Scandinavian view on the ranking of logistics and supply chain management journals
University rankings have gained popularity around the world, and are now a significant factor shaping reputation. This book is the first comprehensive study of rankings from a global perspective, making an important contribution to our understanding of the rankings phenomenon.
Leading research universities in a competitive world
Transnational governance by numbers : rankings as mechanisms of governing
Patent ranking using fuzzy analytical hierarchy process
The Global Academic Rankings Game provides a much-needed perspective on how countries and universities react to academic rankings. Based on a unified case methodology of eleven key countries and academic institutions, this comprehensive volume provides expert analysis on this emerging phenomenon at a time when world rankings are becoming increasingly visible and influential on the international stage. Each chapter provides an overview of government and national policies as well as an in-depth examination of the impact that rankings have played on policy, practice, and academic life in Australia, Chile, China, Germany, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Turkey, the United Kingdom, and the United States. The Global Academic Rankings Game contributes to the continuing debate about the influence of rankings in higher education and is an invaluable resource for higher education scholars and administrators as they tackle rankings in their own national and institutional contexts.
Towards the best A++ rating : productivity of research and teaching in Finnish universities
