http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23521 finishing (final treatment)
finishing (final treatment)
Papermaking science and technology. Book 10, Papermaking : part 3, finishing
Spray finishing made simple
No-fuss wood finishing : tips, techniques & secrets from the pros for expert results
Architectural finishes in the built environment
Art cloth : a guide to surface design for fabric
Papermaking science and technology. : Book 10. Papermaking : part 3, finishing
The graphic design reference & specification book
The decorative painter : Over 100 designs and ideas for painted projects
A guide to graphic print production
IIW recommendations on post weld improvement of steel and aluminium structures
Print and finish
The impression of finishing : colors, textures and patterns
The complete photo guide to textile art
"An introduction to a variety of printing and finishing techniques for any graphic design project. Now updated to include studio interviews and student activities"--
Understanding textiles
Plastics: surface and finish
Poster art : innovation in poster design
Experimental painting : inspirational approaches for mixed media art
Surface : textures, finishes and materials for stylish interiors
The dressmaker's technique bible : a complete guide to fashion sewing
New complete guide to sewing : step-by-step techniques for making clothes and home accessories
All in the detail : over 400 finishing touches that make a house a home
The new wood finishing book
Manufacturing processes for design professionals
Abstract: Analysis and control system of finish turning (FeedChip2).
Form, fit, and fashion : all the details fashion designers need to know but can never find
More Finishes and Finishing Techniques
Finishing techniques for crochet
The science of dyeing & finishing : an interactive guide to the basics of dyeing and finishing
Introduction to printing and finishing
CMF design : the fundamental principles of colour, material and finish design
The art of denim garment finishing : an interactive guide to the basics of denim garment finishing
Finishing techniques for hand knitters
Finishes and finishing techniques
The Complete guide to trim & finish carpentry : installing moldings, wainscoting & decorative trim
Making folk instruments in wood
Auto body repair technology
Green remodeling : your start toward an eco-friendly home
"Print production requires designers be familiar with graphic design, typography, illustration, editing, workflow management, materials, proofing, mechanical and photographic outputs, prepress processing, paper, color, manufacturing, and distribution. A Guide to Graphic Print Production covers all steps in the print production process with detailed explanations supported by informative sidebars and full-color illustrations. The new Third Edition is fully updated to reflect all aspects of digital printing and the most current technologies. New and improved information covered includes variable data printing, sustainability, large/wide format printing, inks, and color management"--
Railway modelling realism : an aspirational guide
The science of shrinkage control : an interactive guide to improved shrinkage performance
Design thinking
The art of sweater manufacturing : an interactive guide to the basics of sweater construction
How to write a thesis
Digital alchemy : printmaking techniques for fine art, photography, and mixed media
Synopsis:  When Jane Dunnewold's book Complex Cloth was published in 1996, it quickly became the bible of surface design for fiber artists.  In the years since, the world of surface design has significantly expanded:  now fiber artists, art-to-wear designers, and art quilters have a much broader range of surface design products to choose from, and there are a wealth of technique combinations that can be used to create art cloth.  Art Cloth picks up where Complex Cloth left off, showing how to layer processes with the latest products to create stunning cloth for use in a variety of fiber art.  Following Jane's techniques with step-by-step photography, you will learn to create art cloth using dyes, color removing agents, paints, and foils combined through processes that include silk-screen printing, stamping, stenciling, and hand painting.  In addition to detailed step-by-step wet-media surface design techniques, Jane demonstrates how the use of color and design contribute to successful layering. She guides and inspires artists to take their art cloth to the next level through sidebars with design tips and exercises that support the technical information.  Finally, each technique chapter concludes with project ideas for the skills learned, so anyone working through the book can literally build layers on cloth as each chapter is completed.
The complete guide to professional wedding photography : creating a more profitable and fulfilling business
"Amateur woodworkers can achieve professional-quality finishes on their projects with simple materials that are brushed or wiped onto the wood. There's no need to shell out for expensive professional spray equipment nor to invest the hours required to use it. The secrets in this book include focusing on brushable polyurethane varnish, brushable shellac, and wipe-on glaze coats. Readers will learn how to use and clean a fine finishing brush, when to brush and when to wipe the finish on, and how to get a flawless finish without the tedious labor of rubbing out. Includes detailed instructions for matching colors with simple stains, how to make nondescript woods such as poplar look great, and how to apply a glaze coat for professional highlights on carvings, moldings and other details. Includes a special section on reviving damaged finishes, erasing water-damage, and when all else fails, how to strip off the old finish and start over.  "--
