http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23543 museums of applied arts
museums of applied arts
Textile collections of the world. 3, France : an illustrated guide to textile collections in French museums
The Victoria & Albert Museum
In this new volume, 28 Scandinavian researchers and others who are active in arts and culture seek to answer the questions: What has been the effect of regional and local investment in arts and culture? And what positive and negative experiences have there been? This book describes and analyzes the extent to which cultural investments at local and regional levels have stimulated development and led to essential processes of change for the community in general. Of special interest is how different places manage to turn the tide . What do their development processes involve? Which ways and means do they use to go forward in order to change their paths and start anew? These are just a few of the important questions addressed in this book. One of the most important findings is that while you can never transfer the successful renewal of one place to another like a blueprint, certain common patterns in the cultural processes are discernible. The contributors to this book show the breadth of theoretical tools that can be used to increase awareness of the significance of culture for regional development. Throughout the book readers will find a multitude of theoretical concepts, from entrepreneurship theory, organizational institutionalism and cultural economy, to cultural planning and art management.
1700-tals textil : Anders Berchs samling i Nordiska museet = 18th century textiles : the Anders Berch collection at the Nordiska museet
Russian applied art : Eighteenth to Early Twentieth century
Finland's culture in figures 2006
Gränslöst : 1700-tal speglat i nuet = Unbounded : the eighteenth century mirrored by the present
Kunstnijverheid Middeleeuwen en Renaissance = Decorative art Middle Ages and Renaissance
Lasin taide : Kaj Franck 100 vuotta = The art of glass : Kaj Franck 100 years : Kyösti Kakkonen Collection
European decorative arts in The Art Institute of Chicago / Ian Wardropper, Lynn Springer Roberts
Museum of Art and Design reopens
Länsieurooppalaista posliinia : Vera Saarelan kokoelma, Suomen kansallismuseo = Western European porcelain : Collection Vera Saarela, the National Museum of Finland
Culture on display : the production of contemporary visitability
Summary.
Revival styles in the 19th century : an exhibition from the collection of the Budapest Museum of Applied Arts. Catalogues 1-2.. 1-2, Text ; Illustration = Képkötet
Klenoder ur äldre svensk historia = Treasures of early Sweden
Form Island
Selected works from the Dayton Art Institute : permanent collection / [staff editors: Eileen C. Carr, Heather H. Galecka, Sara W. Spidel]
Japan's traditional crafts: spirit and technique : [Finland] The Museum of Applied Arts, Helsinki, 9 October-18 November, 1990 : [Norway] The Oslo Museum of Applied Art, 1 December, 1990-14 January, 1991 : [Sweden] The Röhss Museum of Arts and Crafts, 26 January-26 February, 1991 : [Denmark] Nordjyllands Kunstmuseum (The Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art, Aalborg), 8 March-21 April, 1991
A Swedish legacy : decorative arts 1700-1960 in the collections of the Nationalmuseum, Stockholm
Japanismi Suomen vuosisadan vaihteen taiteessa = Japanism i finlän[d]sk konst vid sekelskiftet = Japonisme in Finnish art at the turn of the century
The Palace Museum : Peking  : treasures of the Forbidden City
Russian porcelain : the state of collections and research : conference organized by the Vera Saarela Foundation and the National Museum of Finland, Helsinki, Finland, November 2008 = Russki farfor : sostojanie kollektsi i issledovanija : konferentsija, organizovannaja Fondom Very Saarela, Helsinki, Finljandija, Nojabr 2008
Korundi : from a post bus depot into a house of culture
Venäläistä posliinia : Vera Saarelan kokoelma, Suomen kansallismuseo = Russian porcelain : Collection Vera Saarela, the National Museum of Finland
Berg encyclopedia of world dress and fashion. Volume 10, Global perspectives
Textile collections of the world. 1, United States and Canada : an illustrated guide to textile collections in United States and Canadian Museums
St Petersburg : the hidden interiors
Scandinavian journal of design history
British design
Matka Oseaniaan = Journey to Oceania : 24.1.-22.3.1987
Masterworks of Fabergé : the Matilda Geddings Gray Foundation collection
Cultural research in Europe 1996
Lasia Suomen kansallismuseon kokoelmista = Glass in the National Museum of Finland : Claës Norstedtin kokoelma
Textile collections of the world. 2, United Kingdom - Ireland : an illustrated guide to textile collections in the United Kingdom and Ireland
Russian decorative art 12th to early 20th century : The Historical Museum, Moscow
Fashion designers A-Z : the collection of the Museum at FIT
Splendors of Versailles : Mississippi Arts Pavilion, April 1-August 31, 1998, Jackson, Mississippi
Treasures from the Kremlin
Museum collections in industrial buildings : a selection and adaption guide
The Bauhaus
Lasitutkimuksia : Suomen lasimuseon tutkimusjulkaisu = Glassresearch : the bulletin of the Finnish glass museum. 3, (1986)
1800-talsmässing = 19th century brass
The value of arts and culture for regional development : a Scandinavian perspective
Da fábrica ao museu = from factory to museum
Vision & accident : the story of the Victoria and Albert Museum
A textbook of cultural economics
Modern design in the Metropolitan Museum of Art 1890-1990
Aesthetics in practice : proceedings, XIIIth International congress of aesthetics, Lahti, Finland August 1-5 1995. 3, Practical aesthetics : in practice and theory
Scandinavia, ceramics and glass in the twentieth century
Helsingin seutu tilastoina 2006 = Helsingforsregionen i siffror 2006
The Mining Museum
Silkkitiellä = Vid sidenvägen = On the silk road
European lacquer : selected works from the Museum für Lackkunst Münster
Under the eagle's wings : 70th-anniversary publication of the Gösta Serlachius fine arts foundation
Studio pottery : twentieth century British ceramics in the Victoria and Albert Museum collection
The language of wood : wood in Finnish sculpture, design and architecture
Russian decorative art : 12th to early 20th century : the Historical Museum, Moscow
New permanent exhibition at the museum of applied arts
Ideology, form, material : the collections of Design Museum Helsinki
