http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23536 fashion houses
fashion houses
Collects photographs of Dior collections between 1952 and 1962 for Life Magazine from Mark Shaw.
Liberty and Co. in the fifties and sixties : a taste for design
Dior. Volume II : new couture
Invitation strictly personal : 40 years of fashion show invites
Coats! : Max Mara, 55 years of Italian fashion
Nordic fashion studies
Ateljeepukujen eleganssia = A touch of elegance : the art of couture clothing
This book celebrates over forty years of the playful and trendsetting English fashion brand and retailer Paul Smith. Always in fashion, Paul Smith is not only a preeminent fashion designer but also an international retail trendsetter who perfected a classic style that exudes a sense of English tradition combined with humor, playfulness, and mischief. This marriage of sophistication and the unexpected has given birth to a style and identity that - forty years and many collections later - remains charming, personable, and effortlessly hip. Published in association with the Design Museum, London, which is hosting a major exhibition on Paul Smith in the fall of 2013, this volume celebrates not only the line's fashion history, collections, and collaborations but also the inspirations and obsessions that have helped to transform a small bedroom-sized shop into an innovative global forum for culture and style.0Exhibition: Design Museum, London, UK (Fall 2013).
DVF 40 : journey of a dress
Fashion photography : a complete guide to the tools and techniques of the trade
How to set up & run a fashion label
Radical fashion
Fashion blogs : a part of companies' marketing communication strategies?
Masters of fashion : the leading figures behind the dream
Dior glamour : photographs from 1952-1962
Design protection law searches for the right pattern : for US fashion industry
This definitive history of Miyake's clothes coincides with a major exhibit at The National Art Center, Tokyo, and offers expert insight into the designer's vision and daring. Initiated and conceived by Midori Kitamura, the book looks at the texture-driven originality of Miyake's materials and techniques from the very earliest days of his career, before he had even established the Miyake Design Studio. Drawing on more than 40 years of collaborative work with Miyake, Kitamura creates an encyclopedic reference of his material and technical innovations through the clothes based on A Piece of Cloth concept, Body Series of the 1980s, Miyake Pleats series, and such practical, everyday designs as Pleats Please pieces.
Fashion brands : branding style from Armani to Zara
Horrockses fashions : off-the-peg style in the '40s and '50s
The golden age of couture : Paris and London, 1947-1957
Intimate architecture : contemporary clothing design : Giorgio Armani, Gianfranco Ferre, Krizia, Stephen Manniello, Issey Miyake, Claude Montana, Ronaldus Shamask, Yeohlee Teng
Diesel : XXX years of Diesel communication
Perry's department store : a buying simulation
Fashion for the people : a history of clothing at Marks & Spencer
1956 Montgomery Ward Fall and Winter catalogue
Christian Dior achieved immortality with his first collection in 1947. His 'New Look' amazed the world as it emerged after wartime austerity, and reset the boundaries of modern elegance. Dior's search for the perfect line and the ideal silhouette has been celebrated by couturiers of the first rank: Yves Saint Laurent, Marc Bohan, Gianfranco Ferre, John Galliano have all made their distinctive contribution. Now Raf Simons has made his mark with emphatic reference to the House's history. This book honours Dior's influence by celebrating the elements of style for every generation since 1947, through inspired pairings of classic and contemporary photographs. Six thematic chapters express outstanding Dior characteristics, including the silhouette, the evening gown and the eternal muse in short, the aspects of the House that lend it unique distinction both then and now. The most beautiful fashion plates from Dior's own time sit beside examples of the house's creations through the decades, including the latest by current designer-in-chief, Raf Simons. The resonance between classic archive photographs and the latest most up-to-date frames is clear and compelling.
Absolutely fabulous! : architecture and fashion
Fashion : 150 years couturiers, designers, labels
The places and spaces of fashion, 1800-2007
The history of haute couture 1850-1950
The Hermès scarf : history & mystique
Versace teatro : dall'Hermitage al Covent Garden
Fashion photography course : principles, practice, and techniques : an essential guide
Fashion Visionaries
The white shirt : according to me : Gianfranco Ferré
Hello, my name is Paul Smith : fashion and other stories
Cover your eyes
In this sumptuous book, leading figures in the world of fashion - Giorgio Armani, Marc Bohan, Christian Lacroix, Karl Lagerfeld, Ottavio and Rosita Missoni, Miuccia Prada, Zandra Rhodes, Emanuel Ungaro, Gianni Versace, and Viktor & Rolf - are profiled, together with illustrations of their costume designs. Helena Matheopoulos's interviews with many of the designers illuminate the journey that led each to the opera and the challenges of working in a demanding new medium.
Fashion labels
Summary: "Perry's Department Store: A Buying Simulation bridges the gap between the principles of retail buying and mathematical concepts using a unique simulation approach that takes readers step-by-step through a real-life buying experience. Videtic and Steele present a simplified process for making complex buying decisions using the fictitious Perry's Department Store that walks students through the steps a new buyer would take to complete a six-month buying plan and a merchandise assortment plan for categories including junior, misses' bridge/contemporary, men's, children's, denim, accessories, or home fashion.The fourth edition has been revised with statistical information to reflect a more contemporary structure and business model for a successful department store.The new Perry's Department Store is organized to reflect a larger-scale department store in today's market. Students interact by researching current market and industry trends to build their business. The charts and forms in this book and companion website are replicas of those found in the retail and wholesale industry to expose student to the procedures and policies they can expect to find in a first job as an assistant buyer. This new edition and companion website launches students directly into the exciting role of a retail buyer in the fashion industry"--.
Marcel Rochas : designing French glamour
Lanvin : I love you
Perry's department store : a product development simulation
Fashion 150 years : couturiers, designers, labels
Moroccan fashion : design, tradition and modernity
The house of Eliott. Season 2
Runway uncovered : the making of a fashion show
The house of Eliott. Season 1
Biba : the Biba experience
25 dresses : iconic moments in twentieth century fashion
Broken threads : the destruction of the Jewish fashion industry in Germany and Austria
Fashion lives : fashion icons with Fern Mallis
Book Moda Prêt-à-Porter Catwalks. 2013
Haute couture ateliers : the artisans of fashion
Dior : new look
How to increase the brand awareness of OBSCUR?
Haute couture ateliers : The artisans of fashion
Knitted fashion : a case history of Finnish couture
The house of Eliott. Season 3
Fashion identity
Structuring fashion : department stores as situating spatial practice
The Story of costume
A fashion designer on industry's terms
Fashion designers at the opera
