http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23549 Finnish Germans
Finnish Germans Germany Finns
Wikingin suomalaiset : suomalaiset SS-miehet kuvissa = Finnish volunteers of SS-division Wiking
Finnish migrants in Germany : identities positions, representations
Scripta historica. 2
Historica. 3
Prehistoric and mediaeval Germanic / Scandinavian loanwords and other linguistic influences in Balto-Finnic / Finnish and Estonian : a study of linguistic contacts
Dritte Nordland : suomalainen SS-vapaaehtoispataljoona kuvissa = The photo history of the Finnish volunteer Battalion of the Waffen-SS 1941-1943
Four moods of Finland : a book of observations and impressions
Christliche Sakralbauten in Europa seit 1950 = Christian sacred buildings in Europe since 1950
Briefe aus Nirgendwo = kirjeitä kadonneesta maasta = letters from nowhere
America and the Russo-Finnish war
Abstract: Same education - different careers : the study of the Finnish nationals who have studied applied linguistics in the University of Mainz, Germany, during the years 1965-2001, and their working development as employees, freelancers and entrepreneurs.
The article is the summary of a Master's thesis submitted in 2014 at the European-University Viadrina Frankfurt (Oder). Its research question concerns the links between Finnish culture, migration and identity constructions. To understand this adequately, the concept of daily identity work was applied. The participants were Finnish migrants living in Germany for several decades. The data was collected with a method mix consisting of narrative interviews and a participatory visual method based in photovoice. The results were presented in the depicting of different practices and material belongings that function as identity resources in the process of identification with Finnish culture. Many elements from Finnish culture were visible in the selfrepresentations of the participants, even though they at first negated the assumption that Finnish culture played a role in their lives..
Meine Ehre heisst Treue! : suomalaisten SS-vapaaehtoisten asepuvut 1941-43 = Uniforms of the Finnish SS-volunteers 1941-43
Finnish students at the universities of Rostock and Wittenberg during the sixteenth century
Acculturation in the ethnic mixed marriage : examples provided by Finns married in the Federal Republic of Germany
"The Nordic concept" in relation to the arts : politics and exhibition policy in the Third Reich
