http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23519 MASK
MASK
Iroquois false-face masks
Masks and figures from Eastern and Southern Africa
Inscribing the mask : interpretation of Nyau masks and ritual performance among the Chewa of Central Malawi
Representing woman : Sande masquerades of the Mende of Sierra Leone
The way of the masks
Masks of the world : an historical and pictorial survey of many types & times
Miracles & mischief : Noh and Kyo‍gen theater in Japan
Agayut : Nunivak Eskimo masks and drawings from the 5th Thule Expedition 1921-24, collected by Knud Rasmussen
"African masks changed the face of modern art in the early twentieth century. Today, a century later, young artists are again looking at masks in museums for inspiration. In this era of innovation, when digital culture is upending our visual framework, artists are reinventing form in an ever-expanding choice of mediums. With Disguise: Masks and Global African Art, the Seattle Art Museum's renowned collection of masks has become a catalyst for artists, encouraging them to present fresh visions of masquerade and of the shared instinct to hide from ourselves and from each other"--
Masks and funny faces
Masks and mumming in the nordic area
Masks and mumming traditions in Finland and Karelia : an introductory survey
Black Mask & Up Against the Wall Motherfucker : the incomplete works of Ron Hahne, Ben Morea and the Black Mask group
The power of symbols : masks and masquerade in the Americas
Spirit faces : contemporary native American masks from the Northwest
Ralph Eugene Meatyard : dolls and masks
The Long Nosed God mask in eastern United States
Not a toy : fashioning radical characters
The Sanxingdui Site : mystical mask on ancient Shu Kingdom
Art of the Congo
Hailed at its premiere at the London Coliseum in 1986 as the most important musical and theatrical event of the decade, The mask of Orpheus is undoubtedly a key work in Harrison Birtwistle's output. His subsequent stage and concert pieces demand to be evaluated in its light. Increasingly, it is also viewed as a key work in the development of opera since the Second World War, a work that pushed at the boundaries of what was possible in lyrical theatre. In its imaginative fusion of music, song, drama, myth, mime and electronics, it has become a beacon for many younger composers, and the object of wide critical attention.
Traditional masks and mumming in the Nordic countries
Ostrobothnian-Danish exhibition on Nordic masks in Poland : excerpts from Carsten Bregenhøj's itinerary
A mumming skit from 1860 : its context and background
American puppet modernism : essays on the material world in performance
Masked gods : Navaho and Pueblo ceremonialism
Iconography of religions. Sect. 7, Africa. Fasc. D: Congo-Basin. 1: The Yaka and Suku
The mask handbook : a practical guide
The use of novel information technology in military medicine and mass casualty situation training
Summary
The Peggy Guggenheim Foundation, Venice
Playful performers : African children's masquerades
Carving masks : tribal, ethnic & folk projects
Celebration : a world of art and ritual
Ancestor masks and aristocratic power in Roman culture
RF measurements of die and packages
Land of the flying masks : art and culture in Burkina Faso : the Thomas G. B. Wheelock Collection
Masks and masking : faces of tradition and belief worldwide
The masks of Menander : sign and meaning in Greek and Roman performance
Masks and masking in medieval and early Tudor England
African masks from the Barbier-Mueller Collection, Geneva
Masks and mumming traditions in Denmark : a survey
Aristotle's poetics
Venice incognito : masks in the serene republic
Thai puppets & Khon masks
Changes in the St Knut's Day mumming in Äetsä, Finland
Eros in disguise : eroticism in mumming interaction
On the traditions of the Martin mummers in Tartu
Two studies of beauty
Masks : faces of culture
Celebration : studies in festivity and ritual
Tjugondag Knut mumming on the Åland Islands, past and present
Masks of West Africa = Masques de l'Afrique occidentale
Anesthesia and oral mucosal host defense assessed in human saliva
Framing the false face : analysing disguise traditions
Disguise : masks and global African art
Moving with the face of the devil : art and politics in urban West Africa
Mexican masks
Masks of the Northwest coast : the Samuel A. Barrett collection
The Letts guide to collecting masks
Why did Greek actors in the age of Sophocles always wear masks? David Wiles provides the first book-length study of this question. He surveys the evidence of vases and other monuments, arguing that they portray masks as part of a process of transformation, and that masks were never seen in the fifth century as autonomous objects. Wiles goes on to examine experiments with the mask in twentieth-century theatre, tracing a tension between the use of masks for possession and for alienation, and he identifies a preference among modern classical scholars for alienation. Wiles declines to distinguish the political aims of Greek tragedy from its religious aims, and concludes that an understanding of the mask allows us to see how Greek acting was simultaneously text-centred and body-centred. This book challenges orthodox views about how theatre relates to ritual, and provides insight into the creative work of the actor.
Mask makers and their craft : an illustrated worldwide study
Harrison Birtwistle: The mask of Orpheus
Masks : the art of expression
Evaluation of pharyngeal devices for prehospital airway management
Theatrical costume, masks, make-up and wigs : a bibliography and iconography
Trout mask replica
Mask and performance in Greek tragedy : from ancient festival to modern experimentation
The laryngeal mask airway : a review and practical guide
The wild bull and the sacred forest : form, meaning, and change in Senegambian initiation masks
