http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23530 family formation
family formation
Facets of work-life balance across Europe : how the interplay of institutional contexts, work arrangements and individual resources affect capabilities for having a family and for being involved in family life
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLIX, 2014
Sibling correlations in family formation based on sequence data
The social meaning of children and fertility change in Europe
Finnish summary.
The illusion of the prolongation of youth
Students and family formation : studies on educational enrolment and childbearing in Sweden
Childlessness and the skewed regional sex ratios in Finland
Does money matter? : childbearing behaviour of Swedish students in the 1980's and 1990's
Postponing births : comparing reasons among women in St Petersburg, Estonia and Finland
Shutting out the sun : how Japan created its own lost generation
Exploring the private side of family life together with the public, institutional nature of the the Family through a sociological lens. Families and Their Social Worlds shows that many family concerns are actually social issues that need to be addressed through sound social policies. The author encourages readers to think about families beyond their own personal experiences, and even beyond family structure in the United States. Her goal is to impart a passion for critical thinking as readers see that families exist within social worlds. Important policy considerations are imbedded in each chapter to illustrate what is currently being done, and perhaps even more importantly, what can be done to strengthen families and intimate relationships.
Families and their social worlds
When couples become parents : the creation of gender in the transition to parenthood
Childbearing and Work-Family Balance among Contemporary Russian Women
French summary.
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLVIII, 2013
There are contrasting views on how gender equality affects fertility in contemporary European societies. This article discusses the Russian situation by asking how tensions in the contemporary gender system relate to reproductive decision-making and identity. How do gendered practices and identities influence womens intentions to have children? In depth interview data gathered during the last decade is used to analyze how the two main gender contracts of the professional women and the working mother relate to family planning, child birth, pregnancies, and mothering. Results indicate that while Russian women experience increasing pressure of the double burden and few signs of increasing gender equality in domestic life, the stable identity of Russian mothering contributes to the birth of at least one child. Childbearing does not depend directly on gender roles and division of labor in households. The decision to have a child and care for small children continues to be womens responsibility even as fertility patterns have modernized and gender equality in couple relations is slightly increasing. However, the type of gender contract influences the process of negotiation concerning reproductive matters and the timing of childbirth. .
"Strong Finnish identity is the only thing I can raise" : adoptive parents' attitude towards their child's pre-adoption past
Parents with intellectual disabilities : past, present and futures
Religion, economics, and demography : the effects of religion on education, work, and the family
Social and demographic factors in family planning : Some suggestions for future research
