http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2357 children (family members)
children (family members)
Motives in children's development : cultural-historical approaches
Countdown to poetry writing : step by step approach to writing techniques for 7-12 years
Speech and the hearing-impaired child : theory and practice
Sociological studies of child development : a research annual. Vol. 3
Understanding depression in children and adolescents
As the daughter of a drug dealer, Wavy knows not to trust people, not even her own parents. It's safer to keep her mouth shut and stay out of sight. Struggling to raise her little brother, Donal, eight-year-old Wavy is the only responsible adult around. Obsessed with the constellations, she finds peace in the starry night sky above the fields behind her house, until one night her star gazing causes an accident. After witnessing his motorcycle wreck, she forms an unusual friendship with one of her father's thugs, Kellen, a tattooed ex-con with a heart of gold. By the time Wavy is a teenager, her relationship with Kellen is the only tender thing in a brutal world of addicts and debauchery. When tragedy rips Wavy's family apart, a well-meaning aunt steps in, and what is beautiful to Wavy looks ugly under the scrutiny of the outside world. Kellen may not be innocent, but he is the fixed point in Wavy and Donal's chaotic universe. Instead of playing it safe, Wavy has to learn to fight for Kellen, for her brother, and for herself.
Planning for better learning
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
Teachers' perception of children's agency in early childhood education
Sign with your baby
The Selection and Use of Essential Medicines : Report of the WHO Expert Committee, 2011 (including the 17th WHO Model List of Essential Medicines and the 3rd WHO Model List of Essential Medicines for Children)
Cyber-bullying : issues and solutions for the school, the classroom and the home
Fighters, girls and other identities : sociolinguistics in a  Martial Arts Club
Activity analysis, creativity and playfulness in pediatric occupational therapy : making play just right
The selection and use of essential medicines : report of the WHO Expert Committee, March 2009 (including the 16th model list of essential medicines and the 2nd WHO model list of essential medicines for children)
"This book aims to provide professionals and clinicians-in-training with the latest forms of treatment for children and adolescents who have been impacted by crises and trauma. The various treatment options presented here include approaches that focus on the individual as well as many that include a parent in conjoint or filial therapy, and others that employ a family treatment model. Many chapters in this book demonstrate the use of a variety of creative methods with young people who have suffered traumatic experiences such as sexual abuse, bullying, immigration, natural disasters, and witnessing violence"--
Growing up with two languages : a practical guide
Children around the world
Art and creative development for young children
Working with street children in Sub-Saharan Africa in the light of the child-centred perspective : promising methods and approaches with special reference to the example street children project in Zambia
Mean moms rule : why doing the hard stuff now creates good kids later
All the ugly and wonderful things : a novel
Photographing children
Parents’ expectations and views of their child’s football hobby
The child as citizen
Children, families and social exclusion : new approaches to prevention
Nursing care of children : principles and practice
How children learn : an educational psychology
Class, codes and control. 3, Towards a theory of educational transmissions
Hidy Ochiai's self-defense for kids : a guide for parents and teachers
Children in families : research and policy
Unaccompanied refugee minors in Finland : challenges and good practices in a Nordic context
The summer book
How to unspoil your child fast : a speedy, complete guide to contented children and happy parents
Living in democracy : EDC/HRE lesson plans for lower secondary level
Authors of pictures, draughtsmen of words
We need to talk about Kevin
Lincoln in the bardo : a novel
Children and disasters
Robert B. Parker's cheap shot
Far from the tree : parents, children and the search for identity
Celebrating Peanuts 65 years
The role of non-governmental organizations in caring for vulnerable children in Ghana : a case study of youth alive in northern Ghana
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
Eating disorders : a parents' guide
Children and development in the 1990s : a UNICEF sourcebook : on the occasion of the World Summit for Children 29-30 September 1990, United Nations, New York
The fragile world
Exploring children's rights : lesson sequences for primary schools
Taking a strengths-based approach, this book looks at ways practitioners can enhance children's wellbeing by identifying protective factors and positive ways of working with children and their families. Grounded in research yet accessible, the strategies presented will help to encourage positive behaviour and promote emotional and mental wellbeing.
Selective mutism in children
Occupational therapy for children and adolescents
Every thing on it : poems and drawings
The phoenix and the carpet
Helping children cope with separation and loss
Children, place and indentity : nation and locality in middle childhood
Facilitating hearing and listening in young children
The television experience : what children see
Psychophysiology of developmental dyslexia : a review of findings including studies of children at risk for dyslexia
While my eyes were closed
"What is the color of English?" : representation of English in the language portraits of Sámi children
The contributors to this collection employ the analytic resources of cultural-historical theory to examine the relationship between childhood and children's development under different societal conditions. In particular they attend to relationships between development, emotions, motives and identities, and the social practices in which children and young people may be learners. These practices are knowledge-laden, imbued with cultural values and emotionally freighted by those who already act in them. The book first discusses the organising principles that underpin a cultural-historical understanding of motives, development and learning. The second section foregrounds children's lives to exemplify the implications of these ideas as they are played out - examining how children are positioned as learners in pre-school, primary school and play environments. The final section uses the core ideas to look at the implementation of policy aimed at enhancing children's engagement with opportunities for learning, by discussing motives in the organisations that shape children's development.
The impact of parental behaviors on children's negative emotions
Developing practical skills for nursing children and young people
Pareto-improving bequest taxation
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Perspectives in Infant Mental Health : Professional Publication of the World Association for Infant Mental Health
French kids eat everything : how our family moved to France, cured picky eating, banned snacking, and discovered 10 simple rules for raising happy, healthy eaters
The study of families and educators who successfully sustain children's linguistic resources is a novelty in current educational research, where focus has largely been on the development of students' English language skills. In this book, Alison L. Bailey and Anna V. Osipova provide a systematic examination of the beliefs and practices of parents and educators who share the common goal of improving educational and social outcomes for multilingual children. Giving voice to parents and educators, they explore the strategies being devised to foster multilingualism and support its development both at home and in the classroom. This book presents new research findings and combines these with compelling firsthand accounts of the successes and concerns of both families and educators, making its content pertinent to a wide audience of researchers and a range of higher education courses.
How were the pupils dressed in a country village in northern Finland in 1909–1939?
Working with street children : gender dimension of intervention and approaches. Case study of outreach program in Dar es Salaam Tanzania
Pneumonia in pre-school children : Terveysnetti
Every heart a doorway
How high can a dinosaur count? : and other math mysteries
Abstract (s. 4) .
The world's worst children
Voice problems of children
Friendship and peer relations in children
What the light hides
Talk with your kids : conversations about ethics — honesty, friendship, sensitivity, fairness, dedication, individuality — and 103 other things that really matter
Instructor's guide  : - synchronized skating school
School of migrant children, an ethnography in an unregistered migrant school in Beijing
Murder on a midsummer night : a Phryne Fisher mystery
Children's drawings
This heartwarming women's fiction series from beloved New York Times bestselling author Mary Alice Monroe centers on Marietta Colson Muir, a dowager of Charleston society who has retired to her historic summer home on Sullivan's Island called Conquest, and her three granddaughters Carson, Eudora, and Harper. It's summer once again on idyllic Sullivan's Island, but Eudora, or Dora as she's affectionately called by her family, is feeling anything but perfect. With a perpetually withdrawn son and an impending divorce, the pressure is just too much to handle, and Dora cracks, suffering what the doctors are calling 'Broken Heart' syndrome. Mamaw, Lucille, Harper, and Carson all rally around Dora to support her and nurse her back to health--however, it seems Dora isn't the only one falling apart this summer. Between Lucille's health scare and an unexpected surprise that has Carson reconsidering her life's direction, it looks like all the women of Sullivan's Island could use some TLC. When Sullivan's is hit with a tropical storm, it will be up to the three sisters to band together and weather the tempest together--both the one outside their windows, and the raging sea of emotions within each one of them.
Son
Alone and in a group : ethnographic research on autistic children's play
Willing & able : P. E. & sport for young people with disabilities : an introduction to inclusive practices
Structural factors in preschool children's emotional expression in music
Eight years ago, Tess and Jake were considered a power couple of the New York publishing world--happy, in love, planning a family. Failed fertility treatments and a heartbreaking attempt at adoption have fractured their marriage and left Tess edgy and adrift. A visit to friends in rural Vermont throws Tess's world into further chaos when she sees a young, half-dressed child in the middle of the road, who then runs into the woods like a frightened deer. The entire town begins searching for the little girl. But there are no sightings, no other witnesses, no reports of missing children. As local police and Jake point out, Tess's imagination has played her false before. And yet Tess is compelled to keep looking, not only to save the little girl she can't forget but to salvage her broken heart as well.
Multi-domain feature of mismatch negativity extracted by nonnegative tensor factorization to discriminate reading disabled children and children with attention deficit
The hard of hearing child : clinical and educational management
Little black lies
The pirate cook book
Parental views on participation in their child's pain relief measures and recommendations to health care providers
The opposite of worry : the playful parenting approach to childhood anxieties and fears
Mad isn't bad : a child's book about anger
Development and clinical application of impedance pneumography technique
Dyslexia in children : multidisciplinary perspectives
The summer's end
Helping children cope with the stresses of war : a manual for parents and teachers
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
Mommy stories : 3 books in 1!
Cross-stitch and embroidery : for babies, toddlers and children
The sea of innocence
The best of children's art & crafts
eXperienCeSki: Guidebook to experiences in children's ski schools
The bluest eye
Communication intervention : birth to three
Service characteristics as predictors of parents' perceptions of child rehabilitation outcomes
Connected code : why children need to learn programming
How children learn
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
Bridge to haven
Auditory processing in the two hemispheres in developing brain : MEG study
Unplug your kids : a parent's guide to raising happy, active, and well-adjusted children in the digital age
Childhood socialization
Effects of physical activity on neural markers of attention in children
Shared agency and collaboration between the family and professionals in medical rehabilitation of children with severe disabilities
Child and youth policy programme 2012-2015
Abstract. - Sammandrag.
Game sense : pedagogy for performance, participation and enjoyment
A cross-cultural exploration of the effect of children's friendships and peer acceptance self-concept
Event-related potentials to pitch and rise time change in children with reading disabilities and typically reading children
Gifted and talented children 4-11 : understanding and supporting their development
Reconceptualising agency and childhood : new perspectives in childhood studies
This book shows the different ways in which migration matters in the context of global and local childhood and youth. Furthermore, it highlights that childhood, youth and migration as well as local and global perspectives need to be thought and analyzed together, to address the significant dimensions of social inequality in the context of growing up. Migration as a phenomenon is most often motivated by the search for a better life. Very often children and young people, migrating alone or together with their families, migrate to ameliorate their own or others' living conditions and seize opportunities for realizing a good life. Today as well as in the past this search for a better life is very often triggered by socio-economic reasons, war or terrorism. Against the backdrop of the topic raised above the book deals with children and young people's own perspective in countries of migration. It promotes the idea of connecting global and local issues of childhood and youth with a special focus on questions of education. It studies questions of global and local living and highlights living circumstances shaped by patterns of migration and mobility.
Play therapy with children and adolescents in crisis
Coaching children in sport : principles and practice
Children's philosophy of life
The trouble with goats and sheep
Intake of vitamin A from liver foods among Finnish 1-, 3- and 6-year old children : a quantative risk assessment
Look! Look what I can do! : creative action ideas for under sevens
It
Hello toes : movement games for children
Clinical significance of test item refusals among young children
Yksikammioisten sydänlasten motorisen kehityksen muutos neljän vuoden seuranta-aikana : changes in motor development during a four-year follow-up on children with univentricular heart defects
Nate the Great and the phony clue
A basis for sensorimotor development - normal and abnormal : the influence of primitive, postural reflexes on the development and distribution of tone
How to photograph your baby : getting closer with your camera and your heart
Children's multilingual development and education : fostering linguistic resources in home and school contexts
Domestic violence and protecting children : new thinking and approaches
Factors influencing nurses  ́ use of nonpharmacological pain alleviation methods methods in paediatric patients
N1 and P2 components of auditory event-related potentials in children with and without reading disabilities
The child diary as a research tool
Midnight's children
Gathering blue
Pedagogical cases in physical education and youth sport
Python for kids : a playful introduction to programming
Psychological disorders of children : a behavioral approach to theory, research, and therapy
Effective coaching for children : understangind the sports process
Children's thinking and learning in the elementary school
Lauluviikarin ABC : The singing rascals ABC
Where I lost her
Childhood, youth and migration : connecting global and local perspectives
Children, spirituality, loss and recovery
Refugee children's friendships and the historical context of their migrations : qualitative case study of Congolese children's current friendships in Finland and past experiences as refugees in Rwanda, 1996-2012
Kodály in the First Grade Classroom : Developing the Creative Brain in the 21st Century
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2013 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2013 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2013
Body image : understanding body dissatisfaction in men, women, and children
Unaccompanied minors seeking asylum in Finland
Pediatric rehabilitation : principles and practice
How youth and children's issues are represented in the media : content analysis on newspaper articles
Child perspectives on income and time use  in Finnish families in the 1990s
Children's theories of mind : mental states and social understanding
What kind of values could be recognised in green messages, with special emphasis on children
Mothering justice : working with mothers in criminal and social justice settings
Food allergy & your child
Regulation, awareness, empowerment : young people and harmful media content in the digital age
Making stuff for kids
Half-Arab, half-Finnish exceptional third culture kids : adapting to life in Finland
Exploring the practical framework of a multicultural music therapy group for children with emotional and behavioral needs in an after-school setting
Strength and conditioning for young athletes : science and application
Interpreting your child's drawings and handwriting : toddler to teen
Case studies in child, adolescent, and family treatment
Understanding children's development in the early years : questions practitioners frequently ask
The liminal war
Off-Ice Training Handbook for Coaches of G-to-D-Juniors
War, conflict and play
Everything baby sign language book : get an early start communicating with your baby!
Habitual physical activity and heart rate variability in 12-year old children
Here's a little poem : a very first book of poetry
The kid-friendly  ADHD & autism cookbook : the ultimate guide to the gluten-free, casein-free diet
International measurement of disability : purpose, method and application : the work of the Washington Group
Illustrated textbook of paediatrics
Children's book of yoga : games & exercises mimic plants & animals & objects
Yoga for kids : fun and easy streching exercises for children aged three to eleven years
The girl in the red coat
This book examines how young people at a martial arts club in an urban setting participate and interact in a recreational social community. The author relates analyses of their interactions to discussions of relevance to the sociology of sports, anthropology and education, ultimately providing an analytically nuanced contribution to the study of contemporary sociolinguistic processes and identity practices. The author explores how the young participants negotiate their place in the social order, create and maintain friendship groups and relate to different social categories using the ecological descriptions provided by linguistic ethnography. The book will appeal to researchers of discourse analysis, sociolinguistics, sport sociology, extra-curricular education and anthropology.
Paediatric emergency triage, assessment and treatment : care of critically ill children : updated guideline
The Yale guide to children's nutrition
Divided families : what happens to children when parents part
Principles for evaluating health risks in children associated with exposure to chemicals
Tales of the peculiar
Summary.
International child health : a digest of current information
Music talks with children
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
Moomins cookbook : an introduction to Finnish cuisine
Children's strategies : contemporary views of cognitive development
Geraghty's caring for children
Conflict resolution for kids : a group facilitator's guide
The Hon. Phryne Fisher, languid and slightly bored at the start of 1929, is engaged to find out if the antique-shop-owning son of a Pre-Raphaelite model has died by homicide or suicide. At the same time she is asked to discover the fate of the lost illegitimate child of a rich old lady, to the evident dislike of the remaining relatives.
Toxic parents : overcoming their hurtful legacy and reclaiming your life
Understanding children's play
The sacred play of children
Nate the Great and the musical note
A preterm child grows : focus on speech and language during the first two years
Five to eight
Remedial motor activity for children
Learning to read : the effect of orthography
Holiday crafts : 50 projects for year-round family fun
Monday: five-year-old Matthew Faraday is abducted. His face is splashed across newspaper front pages. His parents and the police are desperate. Can anyone help find their little boy before it is too late? Psychotherapist Frieda Klein just might know something.
Social interaction among children with Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD)
An early interaction music therapy model
Teach your baby to sign : an illustrated guide to simple sign language for babies
Residential treatment for child mental health : towards ego-social development and a community-child model
Creative play acting : learning through drama
Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder : a clinical guide to diagnosis and treatment for health and mental health professionals
Evidence-based child health care
Understanding other minds : perspectives from autism
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
The summer wind
Child prodigies and exceptional early achievers
Father loss : daughters discuss the man that got away
Essential baby sign language : the most important 75 signs you can teach your baby
Vanished
Children's rights
Understanding aggressive behavior in children
Memory development in children
Child legislation 1969 : including the representation of the people act 1969, s. 1, family law reform act 1969, children and young persons act 1969, tattooing of minors act 1969
The Routledge International Handbook of Philosophies and Theories of Early Childhood Education and Care
What is a child? : popular images of childhood
How to Treat a Paediatric Patient with Burns
Design principles of educational virtual worlds for preschool children : a case study of JumpStart World Kindergarten's pedagogical methods
The child mental status examination
Children's participation and participating children : factors influencing attendance to child societies, and justifications for children's participation in Sri Lanka
2nd and 3rd graders' attitudes towards the English language : attitudes before and after studying English at school
Cold granite
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Kids and branding in a digital world
Children's work in the livestock sector : herding and beyond
Promoting child and parent wellbeing : how to use evidence- and strengths-based strategies in practice
Class, codes and control. 1, Theoretical studies towards a sociology of language
The development of memory in children
By regarding children as actors and conducting empirical research on children's agency, Childhood Studies have gained significant influence on a wide range of different academic disciplines. This has made agency one of the key concepts of Childhood Studies, with articles on the subject featured in handbooks and encyclopaedias. Reconceptualising Agency and Childhood is the first collection devoted to the central concept of agency in Childhood Studies. With contributions from experts in the field, the chapters cover theoretical, practical, historical, transnational and institutional dimensions of agency, rekindling discussion and introducing fundamental and contemporary sociological perspectives to the field of research. Particular attention is paid to connecting agency in the social sciences with Childhood Studies, considering both the theoretical foundations and the practice of research into agency. Empirical case studies are also explored, which focus upon child protection, schools and childcare at a variety of institutions worldwide. This book is an essential reference for students and scholars of Childhood Studies, and is also relevant to Sociology, Social Work, Education, Early Childhood Education and Care (ECEC) and Geography.
Functioning and quality of life as perspectives of health in patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis in early adulthood : measurement and long-term outcome
The unofficial guide to California with kids
100+ fun ideas for art activities : that are easy to prepare and that children will love
The development of role-taking and communication skills in children
In this volume, the authors present an overview of the innovative work taking place in relation to domestic violence and child protection. This book looks at new prevention initiatives and how interventions for children exposed to domestic violence have been developed. It shows how services for abusive fathers have evolved and provides discussion and critique of a number of new initiatives in the field of interagency risk assessment. With international perspectives and examples drawn from social care, health care and voluntary sectors, this book brings together established ideas with recent thinking to provide an authoritative summary of current domestic violence and child protection practice. As a valuable source of guidance on how to work safely with children living with domestic violence, this is a key reference for social workers, health professionals and policy makers.
Photographing your children : a handbook of style and instruction
Helping your child cope with depression and suicidal thoughts
Children, transport and the quality of life
Effects of eight weeks physical training on physical performance and heart rate variability in children
Music with the under-fours
Analysis and development of media education solutions for pre- and primary schoolers in Pirkanmaa’s libraries
Coding, once considered an arcane craft practiced by solitary techies, is now recognized by educators and theorists as a crucial skill, even a new literacy, for all children. Programming is often promoted in K-12 schools as a way to encourage "computational thinking" -- which has now become the umbrella term for understanding what computer science has to contribute to reasoning and communicating in an ever-increasingly digital world. In Connected Code, Yasmin Kafai and Quinn Burke argue that although computational thinking represents an excellent starting point, the broader conception of "computational participation" better captures the twenty-first-century reality. Computational participation moves beyond the individual to focus on wider social networks and a DIY culture of digital "making." Kafai and Burke describe contemporary examples of computational participation: students who code not for the sake of coding but to create games, stories, and animations to share; the emergence of youth programming communities; the practices and ethical challenges of remixing (rather than starting from scratch); and the move beyond stationary screens to programmable toys, tools, and textiles.
The children of this world : 4th world exhibition of photography : 515 photos from 94 countries by 238 photographers
Pediatric occupational therapy : facilitating effective service provision
Assessment of 3,5-year old's emerging phonological awareness in a computer-animation context
A longitudinal study of behaviour and psychosomatic problems in children
Nature and young children : encouraging creative play in natural environments
Effects of passive smoking on  respiratory health of children : a systematic literature review
Going to school with narcolepsy : perceptions of families and teachers of children with narcolepsy
Researching children's popular culture : the cultural spaces of childhood
Designer kids : consumerism and competition : when is it too much?
Humphrey Wescott, Earl of Riverdale, has died, leaving behind a fortune and a scandalous secret that will forever alter the lives of everyone in his family--including the daughter no one knew he had.... Anna Snow grew up in an orphanage in Bath, knowing nothing of the family she came from. Now she discovers that the late Earl of Riverdale was her father and that she has inherited his fortune. She is also overjoyed to learn she has siblings. However, they want nothing to do with her or her attempts to share her new wealth. But the new earl's guardian is interested in Anna....Avery Archer, Duke of Netherby, keeps others at a distance. Yet something prompts him to aid Anna in her transition from orphan to lady. As London society and Anna's newfound relatives threaten to overwhelm her, Avery steps in to rescue her and finds himself vulnerable to feelings and desires he has hidden so well for so long.
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2012 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2012 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2012
Providing a safe environment for our children and young people : Finland's national action plan for injury prevention among children and youth
