http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23537 multiple disabilities
multiple disabilities
Multidisciplinary approach to rehabilitation
Cued speech and cued language for deaf and hard of hearing children
Perspectives on disability & rehabilitation : contesting assumptions; challenging practice
Clinical management of children with cochlear implants
Multisensory rooms and environments : controlled sensory experiences for people with profound and multiple disabilities
Visual impairment in Finnish children : prevalence, causes and morbidity of full-term and preterm children with visual impairment born from 1972 through 1989
Handbook of counselling
Visually speaking : art therapy and the deaf
Oxford handbook of deaf studies, language, and education : volume 2
What are the experiences of children and young people? How can we think about the challenges they face? What systems and practices can support them? How can we develop greater equality, participation and inclusion across diverse settings? This second edition of "Equality, Participation and Inclusion 1: Diverse Perspectives" is the first of two Readers aimed at people with an interest in issues of equality, participation and inclusion for children and young people. This first Reader focuses in particular on the diverse perspectives held by different practitioners and stakeholders. Comprising readings taken from the latest research in journal articles, newly commissioned chapters, as well as several chapters from the first edition that retain particular relevance, this fully updated second edition has broadened its focus to consider a greater diversity of perspectives. Whilst exploring how we think about the experiences of children and young people across a range of contexts it maintains a subtle, underlying emphasis upon education and the experiences of disabled people. Drawing on the writing of academics, practitioners, children and young people, and people who have experienced exclusion, this book is a rich resource for students and practitioners who are interested in thinking about how inequality and exclusion are experienced, and how they can be challenged. Much of the material reflects on lived experiences and life stories, and will be of particular interest to those working in education, health, youth and community work, youth justice and social services, as well as to families and advocates.
Rare genomic deletions underlying shizophrenia and related neurodevelopmental disorders
Intellectual disability, trauma and psychotherapy
Diversity and the recreation profession : organizational perspectives
Understanding deaf culture : in search of deafhood
Evidence-based practice in educating deaf and hard-of-hearing students
Disability and the life course : global perspectives
Equality, participation and inclusion. I. Diverse perspectives
