http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23539 classifications of diseases
classifications of diseases
ICD-10 : international statistical classification of diseases and related health problems. Vol. 1.
Social anthropology and medicine
International classification of functioning, disability and health : ICF
Abnormal psychology : core concepts
Helminthosporia : metabolites, biology, plant diseases : Bipolaris, Drechslera, Exserohilum
Nursing diagnoses : definitions & classification 2012-2014
Disability and culture : universalism and diversity
Ovarian cancer and gene therapy : modelling, angiogenesis and targeting vascular supply
The Paris system for reporting urinary cytology
International animal health code : mammals, birds and bees : 1993, 1994 & 1995 updates
Measurements and classifications in musculoskeletal radiology
The patient history : an evidence-based approach to differential diagnosis
Diagnosis and treatment of premalignant changes of photodamaged skin : novel hyperspectral imaging and new therapeutical aspects
Diagnosing gender : transitivity analysis on the diagnostic category of gender dysphoria in DSM-5
Paediatric rheumatology today
Diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders : DSM-IV
Site characteristics of Scots pine stands infected by Gremmeniella abietina in central Finland. I: Mineral soil sites
Diagnosing Gender : transitivity analysis on the diagnostic category of gender dysphoria in DSM-5
Movements of moods : interplay between science, clinical practice and patient in psychiatry
Something old, something new: disorders specifically associated with stress in the ICD 11th revision
Oral and cutaneous squamous cell carcinomas : differences between tumors and their microenvironments
Application of the international classification of diseases to dentistry and stomatology : ICD-DA
Classifying madness : a philosophical examination of the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders
ICPC-2 : international classification of promary care
Role of CIP2A in carcinogenesis
Molecular detection of human bacterial pathogens
International statistical classification of diseases and related health problems. Vol. 1, Tabular list
Measures for children with developmental disabilities : an ICF-CY approach
TNM classification of malignant tumours
International classification of diseases for oncology : ICD-O
The WHO Application of ICD-10 to deaths during pregnancy, childhood and the puerperium : ISD-MM
Manual of the international statistical classification of diseases, injuries, and causes of death : 6. revision of the intenational lists of diseases and causes of death, adopted 1948. Vol. 1.
Imaging of tumour microenvironment for the planning of oncological therapies using positron emission tomography
International animal health code : mammals, birds and bees
International classification of functioning, disability and health : children and youth version : ICF-CY
This book describes a novel and proven approach to cytologically classify urinary samples for the detection of bladder cancer and lesions of the upper urinary tract. The new method is based on the collective experience of knowledgeable cytopathologists who have tested the terminology within their own laboratories for reproducibility and predictability of neoplasms of the urinary tract. Accompanying the written criteria for each diagnostic category are meticulously photographed exemplars of the cellular features, with cogently annotated descriptions of the photographs. The book thereby performs as an atlas for microscopists involved in diagnostic cytopathology at all levels of their education. Included in the targeted readership are experienced pathologists, cytotechnologists, and students of both professional groups. The new terminology also considers the clinical aspects of patient management. Written by experts in the field who convened at the 18th International Congress of Cytology in Paris, The Paris System for Reporting Urinary Cytology presents a global standard for reporting and a new philosophic approach that maximizes the strengths of detecting the potentially lethal high grade lesions by urinary cytology, and recognizes without apology the inability to reliably detect the low grade lesions in urinary cytology.
Health classification of Finnish swine herds : development measures and results
Finnish summary.
Histopathological predictors of early stage oral tongue cancer
Prognostic biomarkers in colorectal cancer
International statistical classification of diseases and related health problems. Vol. 2, Instruction manual
International classification of functioning, disability and health : ICF : version 1.0
Prognostic markers in rectal neuroendocrine tumors
RECAL thesaurus : prosthetics, orthotics and rehabilitation
Comparison of causes of death between the international classification of diseases (ICD8) and the Finnish classification of diseases 1987 and the longitudinal data of causes of death since 1971.
"As more original molecular protocols and subsequent modifications are described in the literature, it has become difficult for those not directly involved in the development of these protocols to know which are most appropriate to adopt for accurate identification of bacterial pathogens. Molecular Detection of Human Bacterial Pathogens addresses this issue, with international scientists in respective bacterial pathogen research and diagnosis providing expert summaries on current diagnostic approaches for major human bacterial pathogens. Each chapter consists of a brief review on the classification, epidemiology, clinical features, and diagnosis of an important pathogenic bacterial genus, an outline of clinical sample collection and preparation procedures, a selection of representative stepwise molecular protocols, and a discussion on further research requirements relating to improved diagnosis. This book represents a reliable and convenient reference on molecular detection and identification of major human bacterial pathogens; an indispensable tool for upcoming and experienced medical, veterinary, and industrial laboratory scientists engaged in bacterial characterization; and an essential textbook for undergraduate and graduate students in microbiology"--Provided by publisher.
Intellectual disability : definition, classification, and systems of supports
Manual of the international statistical classification of diseases, injuries, and causes of death : 6. revision of the international lists of diseases and causes of death, adopted 1948. Vol. 2, Alphabetical index
Abstrct.
WHO classification of tumours of soft tissue and bone
