http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23503 aromatic hydrocarbons
aromatic hydrocarbons
Plasmids and aromatic degradation in Sphingomonas for bioremediation : aromatic ring cleavage genes in soil and rhizosphere
Toxicity of retene and pyrene on fish at different light conditions
Toluene degradation by an indigenous community of a polluted groundwater
Determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry and method development in supercritical fluid chromatography
Analysis of PAHs and their transformation products in contaminated soil and remedial processes
Risk management of toxic chemicals : Finnida's manual
In order to assess the dietary intake of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) by Kuwaiti population, concentrations of PAHs were determined in edible tissues of commercially important seafood (fish and shrimp) samples collected from fish markets in 2005. Naphthalene, phenanthrene, fluoranthrene, pyrene, benz[a]anthracene and chrysene were routinely detected in all samples analyzed. The concentrations of Sigma PAHs ranged between 30 and 247 ng/g dry wt. with yellowfin seabream imported from Iran exhibiting the highest concentration followed by Nile tilapia imported from Egypt (218 ng/g dry wt.) and then by locally caught silver pomfret (142 ng/g dry wt.) and Jinga shrimp (139 ng/g dry wt.). The PAHs pattern was dominated by the presence of high molecular weight compounds with pyrene as the most prevalent compound (59.1% of the total). The mean exposure for the average adult Kuwaiti consumer to Sigma PAHs and benzo(a)pyrene equivalents (BaPEs) was estimated to be 1.3 micro g/day and 0.0013 micro g/day, respectively. The concentration and composition of PAHs found in this study are similar to those reported for fish from the Arabian Gulf basin in other studies over the past two decades, suggesting that the sources of pollution might have remained relatively unchanged. Nevertheless, the levels of exposure to PAHs through seafood consumption in the Northern Arabian Gulf environment, particularly in Kuwait, do not represent an unacceptable health risk due to the fact that these exposure levels were below the reference dose established by the European Union law.
Ambient air levels of PAHs in Finland compared to other coutries
Dietary exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from commercially important seafood of the Arabian Gulf
Coffee. Vol. 3, Physiology
Veden laatu = Water quality. Osa 2 = Part 2, Vesikemialliset menetelmät, orgaaninen kemia = Chemical methods, organic chemistry
Occupational chronic solvent encephalopathy in Finland 1995-2007 : incidence and diagnostic methods
Summary.
Degradation of recalcitrant biopolymers and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by litter-decomposing basidiomycetous fungi
Fundamentals of organic chemistry
Residues of certain chlorinated and aromatic compounds in Finnish population groups
Molecular biomonitoring during rhizoremediation of oil-contaminated soil
Microbial activities in boreal soils : biodegradation of organic contaminants at low temperature and ammonia oxidation
