http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23567 house protection
house protection
Field sprayers for pesticides
Farm machinery
Architecture and art : cultural heritage sites : teachers guide
Condition management systems for wooden buildings
Potato mechanisation and storage
Condition assessment of wooden facades especially from the architect's perspective
Forests, chiefs and peasants in Africa : local management of natural resources in Tanzania, Zimbabwe and Mozambique
Dangerous liaisons : preserving post-war modernism in city centers : conference on 15-17 February 2001 in Helsinki, Finland
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. 2, Väestö. Talous. Liikenne
Houses of Britain
Integrity and authenticity in modern movement architecture - case Paimio Hospital : international expert seminar 1-2 October in 2009 in the Paimio Hospital
Moisture performance of wooden buildings : feedback information and repaire of damages
Guidelines on minimum requirements for agricultural pesticide application equipment. Vol.4, Ground-based locust and grasshopper sprayers
A study on the long-term durability of external wood claddings in Finland
Guidelines on minimum requirements for agricultural pesticide application equipment. Vol. 1, Portable (operator-carried) sprayers
Suomenlinna : restoration projects 1974-1994 : disposition plan for Suomenlinna supplementary report D
The systematic and adequate maintenance of historical buildings is essential for their preservation. The same goes for monumental buildings - churches, palaces, archaeological sites - and utilitarian buildings like schools, hospitals factories selected for preservation and those "architettura minore" - the traditional edifices representing local craftmanship and use of local materials and techniques, architecture without arhitects, such as the wooden constructions found in Finland's countryside and towns. What happens when the maintenance is not sufficient, when it is necessary to apply conservation methods or even restoration to prevent further losses and deterioration, to ensure the preservation of the monument? Are restoration principles valid when treating wooden architecture?.
Guidelines on standards for agricultural pesticide application equipment and related test procedures. Vol.1, Portable (operator-carried) sprayers
Guidelines on minimum requirements for agricultural pesticide application equipment. Vol.3, Portable (operator-carried) foggers
Performance characteristics of air-assist nozzles
History constructed
Guidelines on standards for agricultural pesticide application equipment and related test procedures. Volume 2, Vehicle-mounted and trailed sprayers
Ten technologies to fix energy and climate
Pohjoisen perinnön vaalijat = Cherishing the northern heritage
Living tradition or panda's cage? : an analysis of the urban conservation in Kyoto : case study: 35 Yamahako neighbourhoods
Water resilient urbanity : spatial study and design for urban flood
Wood conservation in Japan and in Finland
Your house, the outside view
Condition assessment of a wooden house
Associations of wooden craftsmen in Finland : the relationship with the State Protection Department
"Will old wooden Käpylä be saved?" : the beginning of a conservation movement in Helsinki
Kaupungin Leijona-sydän = Stadens Lejonhjärta = The Lionheart of the City
Seurasaari open-air museum and conservation of the museum building collection
Engineering principles of agricultural machines
do_co,mo.mo_ : architectural masterpieces of Finnish modernism = modernismin merkkiteoksia Suomen arkkitehtuurissa
Basic farm machinery
Reviving monuments : historic architecture and contemporary projects : approaches to historic building re-use seen on 40 sites in Europe today
Adobe : en América y alrededor del mundo, historia, conservación y uso contemporáneo : exposición itinerante = Adobe : in the Americas and around the world, history, conservation and contemporary use : travelling exhibition
Complexity and contradictions when preserving wooden architecture
Dangerous liaisons : preserving post-war modernism in city centers
Houses of the National Trust
Occupational accidents in Finnish agriculture - causality and managerial aspects for prevention : doctoral dissertation
Can we learn from the heritage lost in a fire : experiences and practises on the fire protection of historic buildings in Finland, Norway and Sweden
Guidelines on minimum requirements for agricultural pesticide application equipment. Vol. 2, Vehicle-mounted and trailed sprayers
The Seurasaari open-air museum was established in 1909, when the first group of 13 buildings, The Niemelä tenant farm from Central Finland, was relocated to Seurasaari. Today, the open-air museum includes 89 separate buildings acquired comprehensively throughout Finland for the collection. The buildings represent various social classes and typical examples of wood architecture from the 17th to the 20th centuries. A four-member building conservation working group works with the Seurasaari museum buildings all year long. The work is based on an in-depth understanding of the history of the buildings, the traditional materials and building techniques as well as following the international principles of conservation and museum work. The tools required for preserving the buildings are research, preventive conservation, technical conservation and restoration.
Helsingin seutu tilastoina 2006 = Helsingforsregionen i siffror 2006
Rikas, rakas vanha Rauma = Old Rauma, near and dear
Farm power and machinery management
Ultramodernin suojelua = Protecting the ultra modern
Micro architecture : lightweight, mobile and ecological buildings for the future
