http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23542 electronic services
electronic services e-services
Collaborative Document Management Systems
The cloud at your service : the when, how and why of enterprise cloud computing
Abstract.
Dynamic technology asset management for better user experience in mobile industry
Rethinking e-government services : user-centred approaches
Information services today : an introduction
Electronic and mobile participation in city planning and management : experiences from IntelCities - an integrated project of the sixth framework programme of the European Union : cases Helsinki, Tampere, Garðabær/Reykjavik and Frankfurt
Ehealth, care and quality of life / Antonio Gaddi, Fabio Capello, Marco Manca, Editors
E-readiness of public administration in developing countries : a case study on Bangladesh public administration
National action plan for facilitating the process of recruiting foreign labour
How to offer quality e-service in a new online store? : Case study: IVANAhelsinki Web shop
Developing Me2we Finland Ltd.’s platform through service design
Converged network service architecture : a platform for integrated services delivery and interworking
VoiceNotes : exploring practices through prototypes
The progress and challenges of the e-Government intiatives and implementation in the Kurdistan region of Iraq
M-libraries : libraries on the move to provide virtual access
Consumer perceptions on a content-based digital service : the usage and service quality of Masennusinfo.fi
The use of digital services in value co-creation through early supplier involvement (ESI) in industrial markets : Case Ruukki
Test Automation and Continuous Integration
QoS- and revenue-aware resource allocation mechanisms in multiclass IP networks
Role of electronic channels in micro-sized brick-and-mortar firms
Main trends in mHealth use scenarios
New and emerging challenges of the ICT-mediated health and well-being services
Techniques for model-driven web services engineering
New frontiers in information and software as services : service and application design challenges in the cloud
Specifying remote services for industrial power systems
Managing electronic services : a public sector perspective
Development of customer-oriented electronic banking : case YanTai City Commercial Bank
Global e-government : theory, applications and benchmarking
eHealth as a facilitator of transnational cooperation on health : a report from the Interreg III B project "eHealth for Regions"
In "Design for Services", Anna Meroni and Daniela Sangiorgi articulate what Design is doing and can do for services, and how this connects to existing fields of knowledge and practice. Designers previously saw their task as the conceptualisation, development and production of tangible objects. In the twenty-first century, a designer rarely 'designs something' but rather 'designs for something': in the case of this publication, for change, better experiences and better services. The authors reflect on this recent transformation in the practice, role and skills of designers, by organising their book into three main sections. The first section links "Design for Services" to existing models and studies on services and service innovation. Section two presents multiple service design projects to illustrate and clarify the issues, practices and theories that characterise the discipline today; using these case studies the authors propose a conceptual framework that maps and describes the role of designers in the service economy. The final section projects the discipline into the emerging paradigms of a new economy to initiate a reflection on its future development.
From complex to simple : designing a customer-friendly electronic insurance servicescape
An information system design product theory for the class of eSourcing requirements, delivery and completion management systems for eSourcing service providers
Practical DevOps : harness the power of DevOps to boost your skill set and make your IT organization perform better
Occupational therapy in community-based practice settings
The value of digitalization of services in the new service development
Information markets : a strategic guideline for the i-commerce
Pierce the fog of mobile service and advertising adoption
Student mobility in a digital world : final report of the VICTORIOUS project
The music industry : music in the cloud
Developing Electronic Governance Services with Intalio|Create
"Information Markets is a compendium of the i-commerce, the commerce with digital information, content as well as software. Information Markets is a comprehensive overview of the state of the art of economic and information science endeavors on the markets of digital information. It provides a strategic guideline for information providers how to analyse their market environment and how to develop possible strategic actions, also with regard to the persistent problem on piracy. The authors discuss problems of information sociology, information law and information ethics. They present a review of all digital information products, including business, market and press information, legal information, science information, search engines, Web 2.0 services, online music, internet TV, digital games, software and online advertising. It is a book for information professionals, both for students of LIS (Library and Information Science), CIS (Computer and Information Science) or Information Management curricula and for practitioners as well as managers in these fields."
Interactive CaringTV and userdriven eServices : the Safe Home project : final report
Technologies for active aging
Pelori : designing a digital service for maker projects through research
Effectiveness of e-government in a two-case comparison : health care services in Finland and Estonia
Electronic commerce : a managerial and social networks perspective
The road for SEEM : a reference framework towards a Single European Electronic Market
Design for services
Service design for playful mobile social media on campus
Cloud computing explained
User Base Growth via Viral Marketing: The Contributory Factors : case: Ostosnero by Avansera Ltd.
Email communication as a marketing tool : case study: Palace Kämp Group
Consumer value drivers in electronic banking
eHealth as a facilitator of transnational cooperation on health : a report from the interreg III B project "eHealth for regions"
Mobilizing your enterprise with SAP
E-service continuance: an insight into online travel services in China
The use of digital services today has become more and more common. There is a huge amount of information available about products, services and companies for consumers and thus they have become more critical towards information they are offered. Understanding customer need has become more essential when companies have begun to invest in online services. When companies start to put effort on improving online services, their functionality, navigation and information output, customers can have more complete service experience. Me2we Finland Ltd. focuses on project management through crowdsourcing and is the case company in this thesis. The purpose of this thesis was to illustrate Me2we Finland Ltd.’s customer service path and bring out critical points from student-customer perspective by using service design methods. The service path in this context means the steps the customer makes during the service experience, covering the entire process. The use of digital services has become a big part of service industry and it is used in this thesis as a way of utilizing the web site. The platform is used as the only option for customer service in the service process. Customer journey and customer perspective was visualized by utilizing service design methods, such as customer journey and service blueprint and value proposition. Alongside of these methods, business model canvas was used to finding out case company’s current status. The methods used created a description of steps the customer takes while using the service. These steps were arranged through touchpoints, which include the interaction between the customer, platform and company. A workshop was organized for going through the customer journey with potential customers and for clarifying their viewpoint. This thesis followed a five-stage service design process and involved customer viewpoint in order to improve platform’s usage. It can be concluded that describing the digital service path and adding company’s processes enable presenting the path visually and its critical steps in an easy format. Customer participation in the development process was involved through a workshop, then analyzed by observing. The service phases can be presented internally in the company to evaluate and improve the phases to incorporate them as a visible part of company operations. Service design basically enables customer to have more information available and thus might reduce the need for customization and personal guidance of service. The researcher realized that every touchpoint of the service path has risks. Customer journey and service blueprint revealed few critical points that effect on the success of the whole service process.
Revenue-sharing for user-generated content : Steam Workshop case
Customisable multitenant web form with JSF and MySQL
eMedic : developing new practices for teleconsultation and diabetes
Online event's booking web application
Diversity programming and outreach for academic libraries
Medicines information sources and services for consumers : a special focus on the Internet and people with depression
Perception-based pricing strategies for mobile services in customer marketing context
Effective, agile and trusted eServices co-creation : proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Electronic Commerce : ICEC 2013, August 13-15, Turku, Finland
Testing a spectral-based feature set for audio genre classification
Developing Me2we Finland Ltd.'s platform through service design
Management of open-ended user feedback in the continuous development of information systems and e-services
Software as a service inflection point : using cloud computing to achieve business agility
Automated purchase to pay process value modeling and comparative process speeds
"The primary purpose of this book is to capture the state-of-the-art in Cloud Computing technologies and applications. The book will also aim to identify potential research directions and technologies that will facilitate creation a global market-place of cloud computing services supporting scientific, industrial, business, and consumer applications. We expect the book to serve as a reference for larger audience such as systems architects, practitioners, developers, new researchers and graduate level students. This area of research is relatively recent, and as such has no existing reference book that addresses it. This book will be a timely contribution to a field that is gaining considerable research interest, momentum, and is expected to be of increasing interest to commercial developers. The book is targeted for professional computer science developers and graduate students especially at Masters level. As Cloud Computing is recognized as one of the top five emerging technologies that will have a major impact on the quality of science and society over the next 20 years, its knowledge will help position our readers at the forefront of the field"--Provided by publisher.
Computational abstraction of films : for quantitative analysis of cinematography
Abstract: Collaborative document management systems. The volume of the electronic documents that the company nowadays has to manage is high. Therefore the systematic document management has a significant role in company's working process. The Internet has enabled that the software can be acquired as a service that operates in a cloud environment. In that case the company has the use of the software and pays only for the use. This study gathered the requirements for the cloud based documentation management system. The purpose of the study was to document both functional and business requirements for the document management system and present some existing cloud based document management systems and their features. The technical documentation of the customer company's current document management system was studied and project participants were interviewed. The initial assumption for the project was to find out, if the cloud based document management system could replace the existing system. As a result of the study the features of the customer company's current documentation management system were listed. These features among other things are storing the documents into the database, configuring the metadata and its structure, handling the documents' versions, versatile search functions, documents encryption, previewing of the documents, commenting, and the mass transfer of the documents. The business requirements for the system are that it is scalable and it supports work sharing between project participants. Also the setup and the usage of the system must be efficient. The costs for the document management system can be estimated with the information of user volumes, disk quota, and the data traffic. When comparing the features of the existing cloud based systems, it was found out that none of the systems did meet all of the requirements. The study works as a basis for the migration to the new cloud based document management system.
Saini : electronic healthcare services concept : Road Map for implementation in Finland
Measuring the service quality to the customers by using SERVQUAL model tool : case Itella
Customer service for hospitality and tourism
eCompetence for social work
Cloud computing : web-based dynamic IT services
Privacy protection for e-services
Seminar on Network Security, autumn 2012 : security and privacy in digital services
M-libraries 2 : a virtual library in everyone's pocket
Factors affecting the introduction of public e-services in small towns
Integration of Maventa electronic invoicing web service into PlanMill business application suite
Digital service concepts and business models : current state and future prospects
Consumer trust in e-commerce : a feminist ethnographic study
Next Gen DevOps : creating the DevOps organisation
A systematic literature review on use of technology in diabetes management among nurses : benefits and barriers
How to carry out register-based health services research in Finland? : compiling complex study data in the REDD project
Combining user and context : Living Labs innovation in digital services
eGate solution for self-service restaurants: case : TAMKOTUKI
Cloud computing : principles and paradigms
A coherent and actionable DevOps framework is now available to businesses through a revolutionary new book, Next Gen DevOps: Creating the DevOps Organisation. Utilising nearly two decades’ experience at firms including AOL, Electronic Arts (EA) and British Gas' Connected Homes, the book's author and pioneer of the DevOps movement, Grant Smith, has distilled the essence of DevOps into an easily-implementable framework.
Medicines information sources and services for consumers : a special focus on the internet and people with depression
Social media marketing : case study: Facebook fanpage Steigenberger Frankfurter Hof
Factors influencing the use of self booking tool in Cargotech Corporation
Proceedings of International Workshop on Ubiquitous Healthcare and Supporting Technologies (UBI-HEALTH 2010)
A service-enabling framework for the session initiation protocol (SIP)
Consolidated challenge to social demand for resilient platforms : lessons from Uber's global expansion
Code in the cloud : programming Google App Engine
Design of an event based messaging system
The civil servant identity card
Code service in social and health care : process description of the THL Code Service
Online reservation system for Ghana journalist association
User centred approach in the concept development of a map-based multi-publishing service
