http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23688 aortic stenosis
aortic stenosis
Endothelial factors in the pathogenesis of aortic valve stenosis
Calcific aortic valve disease (CAVD) is the most common valvular heart disease in the Western world. Although it shares mainly the same risk factors as coronary heart disease (CHD), i.e. similar initial events in both diseases but with time, they lead to different clinical outcomes. Thus, when it affects the coronary arteries, the disease leads to an obstructive or rupture-prone plaque whereas in the aortic valve, it causes massive calcification and ossification. This obstructs the blood flow from the left cardiac ventricle, causing myocardial hypertrophy, and if left untreated, heart failure and death. Many of the pathobiological differences between CAVD and CHD remain unknown. Currently, there are no effective lifestyle- or pharmacologic treatments for CAVD and the only therapy is a valve replacement operation. In this thesis, several studies utilizing large-scale methods were undertaken to profile the molecular events leading to CAVD. Surgically removed valves from patients in different stages of the disease were obtained and gene transcripts, microRNA-molecules and several proteins were identified as being differentially expressed. Several of these were investigated further, including two pro-inflammatory CC-type chemokine ligands 3 and 4 (CCL3 and CCL4), microRNA-125b, several granzyme-proteins and heat-shock protein 90. The results of this thesis provide a large dataset of hundreds of molecular changes associated with CAVD. It is proposed that they can be used as a basis for the generation of new hypotheses and assist in the design of experiments to clarify the mechanisms driving CAVD.
Characterization of non-collagenous extracellular matrix proteins in cardiac and aortic valve remodelling
Mechanisms of angiogenesis and lymphangiogenesis in calcific aortic valve stenosis
Clinical and experimental studies on cardiomyocyte apoptosis in ischemia-reperfusion injury and myocardial protection during cardiac surgery
Natural history of aortic valve stenosis of varying severity in the elderly
Determinants of outcome in adult cardiac surgery
Evaluation of transcatheter aortic valve implantation candidates using computed tomography
Efficacy of the Perceval sutureless aortic valve bioprosthesis in the treatment of aortic valve stenosis
Aortic valve stenosis (AS) is one of the most diffuse valvular diseases in developed countries. AS is a progressive disease, which usually results in serious life-threatening adverse events. Defining a treatment strategy for AS is a focus of cardiovascular research, although the topic is still controversial because of its related clinical and economical implications.Surgical aortic valve replacement (AVR),which is regarded as the gold standard for the treatment of severe symptomatic AS, affords excellent results, particularly in asymptomatic patients with good functional status. AVR requires the institution of cardiopulmonary bypass and aortic cross-clamping, and the duration of these procedures is directly associated with increasing morbidity and mortality, especially in patients with preoperative comorbidities.Accordingly, techniques aimed at decreasing the duration of cardiopulmonary bypass and aortic cross-clamping have the potential to improve postoperative outcomes of AVR.In the present study, we demonstrated that the Perceval sutureless bioprosthesis could significantly reduce the duration of the surgical procedure. This was associated with improved immediate postoperative outcomes and long-term freedom from adverse events.The use of a Perceval sutureless bioprosthesis can facilitate AVR through minimally invasive approaches and is associated with fewer transfusions of packed red cells compared to full sternotomy approaches, even with traditional stented bioprostheses. It could be expected that patients at intermediate-high risk would benefit more from the combination of a fast surgical procedure, performed with reduced surgical invasiveness.When compared to transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI), the Perceval sutureless bioprosthesis was associated with increased incidence of device success as well as less paravalvular leak, with similar immediate and1-year outcomes.Finally, AVR with the Perceval sutureless bioprosthesis provided excellent hemodynamics at rest and under high workload. The significant increase of effective orifice area under stress suggests that the Perceval sutureless bioprosthesis is the valve of choice for patients with small aortic annuli or when prosthesis-patient mismatch is anticipated.
Pituitary and adrenal response to critical illness
Carboxyterminal telopeptide structures of type I collagen in various human tissues
Molecular profiling of calcific aortic valve disease
Causes and consequences of delay in vascular surgery
