http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23648 Armenians
Armenians
Churches of Iran
Consequences of denial : the Armenian genocide
The treaty of Turkmenchai, 1828 : Russian and Armenian perceptions
Muslims and minorities : the population of Ottoman Anatolia and the end of the empire
Are the Turks Europeans?
The Sandcastle girls
Armenian Christianity today : identity politics and popular practice
Survivors of the Armenian genocide of 1915 and their descendants have used music to adjust to a life in exile and counter fears of obscurity. In this nuanced and richly detailed study, Sylvia Angelique Alajaji shows how the boundaries of Armenian music and identity have been continually redrawn: from the identification of folk music with an emergent Armenian nationalism under Ottoman rule to the early postgenocide diaspora community of Armenian musicians in New York, a more self-consciously nationalist musical tradition that emerged in Armenian communities in Lebanon, and more recent clashes over music and politics in California. Alajaji offers a critical look at the complex and multilayered forces that shape identity within communities in exile, demonstrating that music is deeply enmeshed in these processes.
The Armenian genocide : the world speaks out, 1915-2005 ; documents and declarations
Music and the Armenian diaspora : searching for home in exile
The bastard of Istanbul
British documents on Ottoman Armenians. Vol. 3, (1891-1895)
Recovering Armenia : the limits of belonging in post-genocide Turkey
The diaspora of Armenian printing 1512-2012 : Amsterdam − Yerevan 2012
Haik bek-Arakelov : an Armenian officer and Islamic poet
Armenia and the Armenians in academic dissertationes : a bibliography. Supplement 1
Armenians in post-socialist Europe
Russia and the Armenians of Transcaucasia, 1797-1889 : a documentary record
Orphans and destitute children in the late Ottoman Empire
The Armenian rebellion at Van
My grandmother : an Armenian-Turkish memoir
International journal of Armenian genocide studies
The Armenians, Assyrians & Kurds : three nations, one fate?
The slaughterhouse province : an American diplomat's report on the Armenian genocide, 1915-1917
The apocryphal literature in the Armenian tradition
Dashnagtzoutiun has nothing to do anymore
Arşiv belgeleriyle Ermeni faaliyetleri 1914-1918 = Armenian activities in the archive documents 1914-1918. Cilt 2.
"'Ravished Armenia' and the Story of Aurora Mardiganian is the real-life tale of a teenage Armenian girl who was caught up in the 1915 Armenian genocide, the first genocide in modern history. Mardiganian (1901-1994) witnessed the murder of her family and the suffering of her people at the hands of the Ottoman Empire. Forced to march over fourteen hundred miles, she was sold into slavery. When she escaped to the United States, Mardiganian was then exploited by the very individuals whom she believed might help. Her story was published in book form and then used as the basis for a 1918 feature film, in which she herself starred. The film Ravished Armenia, also known as Auction of Souls, is a graphic retelling of Aurora Mardiganian's story, with the teenager in the central role, supported by Anna Q. Nilsson and Irving Cummings and directed by Oscar Apfel. Only twenty minutes of the film--the first to deal with the Armenian genocide--is known to survive, but it proves to be a stunning production, presenting its story in newsreel style. This revised edition of Anthony Slide's 'Ravished Armenia' and the Story of Aurora Mardiganian also contains an annotated reprint of Mardiganian's original narrative and, for the first time, the full screenplay. In his introduction, Slide recounts the making of the film and Mardiganian's life in the United States, involving a cast of characters including Henry Morgenthau, Mrs. George W. Vanderbilt, Mrs. Oliver Harriman, and film pioneer William Selig. The introduction also includes original comments by Aurora Mardiganian, whom Slide interviewed before her death. Acclaimed Armenian Canadian filmmaker Atom Egoyan, who created a video art installation about Mardiganian in 2007, provides a foreword"--
Three apples fell from heaven
The Armenians
Ravished Armenia : and the story of Aurora Mardiganian
The Armenians of Iran : the paradoxical role of a minority in a dominant culture ; articles and documents
A shameful act : the Armenian genocide and the question of Turkish responsibility
Armenian falsifications
Turkey and the Armenian ghost : on the trail of the genocide
Armenian claims and historical facts : questı̇ons and answers
The Armenian massacres in Ottoman Turkey : a disputed genocide
Orhan's inheritance : a novel
We walked, then ran
Armenian Tigranakert/Diarbekir and Edessa/Urfa
The Armenians : art, culture and religion
Heck's Pictorial Archive of Art and Architecture
Armenians in the Ottoman empire and modern Turkey (1912-1926)
Smyrna 1922: the destruction of a city
The Indo-European and ancient near Eastern sources of the Armenian epic : myth and history
The grandchildren : the hidden legacy of "lost" Armenians in Turkey
Armenian allegations : myth and reality : a handbook of facts and documents
The Kurdish and Armenian genocides : from censorship and denial to recognition?
The Republic of Armenia and the rethinking of the North-American Diaspora in literature
The burning Tigris : the Armenian genocide and America's response
Creating Christian identities : crusaders and local communities in the Levant, 1907-1187
The Armenian genocide : the essential reference guide
Turkish atrocities : statements of American missionaries on the destruction of Christian communities in Ottoman Turkey, 1915-1917
British documents on Ottoman Armenians. Volume 3, (1891-1895)
Armenians and the Allies in Cilicia, 1914-1923
"The destruction of the Armenians of the Ottoman Empire in 1915-16 was a brutal mass crime that prefigured other genocides in the 20th century. By various estimates, more than a million Armenians were killed and the survivors were scattered across the world. Although it is now a century old, the issue of what most of the world calls the Armenian Genocide of 1915 has not been consigned to history. It is a live and divisive political issue that mobilizes Armenians across the world, touches the identity and politics of modern Turkey, and has consumed the attention of U.S. politicians for years. In Great Catastrophe, the eminent scholar and reporter Thomas de Waal looks at the changing narratives and politics of the Armenian Genocide and tells the story of recent efforts by courageous Armenians, Kurds, and Turks to come to terms with the disaster as Turkey enters a new post-Kemalist era. The story of what happened to the Armenians in 1915-16 is well-known. Here we are told the much less well-known story of what happened to Armenians, Kurds, and Turks in its aftermath. First Armenians were divided between the Soviet Union and a worldwide diaspora, with different generations and communities of Armenians constructing new identities, while bitter intra-Armenian quarrels sometimes broke out into violence. In Turkey, the Armenian issue was initially forgotten and suppressed, only to return to the political agenda in the context of the Cold War, an outbreak of Armenian terrorism in the 1970s and the growth of modern 'identity politics' in the age of genocide-consciousness. In the last decade, Turkey has begun to confront its taboos and finally face up to the Armenian issue. New, more sophisticated histories are being written of the deportations of 1915, now with the collaboration of Turkish scholars. In Turkey itself there has been an astonishing revival of oral history, with tens of thousands of people coming out of the shadows to reveal a long-suppressed Armenian identity. However, a normalization process between the Armenian and Turkish states broke down in 2010. Drawing on archival sources, reportage and moving personal stories, de Waal tells the full story of Armenian-Turkish relations since the Genocide in all its extraordinary twists and turns. He strips away the propaganda to look both at the realities of a terrible historical crime and also the divisive 'politics of genocide' it produced. The book throws light not only on our understanding of Armenian-Turkish relations but also of how mass atrocities and historical tragedies shape contemporary politics"--
The 'Armenian question' : conflict, trauma & objectivity
A chronology of the Armenian problem with a bibliography, 1878-1923
Beginning in 1915, under the cover of a world war, some one million Armenians were killed through starvation, forced marches, and mass acts of slaughter. Although Armenians and the judgment of history have long held the Ottoman powers responsible for genocide, modern Turkey has rejected any such claim. Now, in a pioneering work of excavation, Turkish historian Taner Akçam has made unprecedented use of Ottoman and other sources - military and court records, parliamentary minutes, letters, and eyewitness reports - to produce a scrupulous account of Ottoman culpability. Tracing the causes of the mass destruction, Akçam reconstructs its planning and implementation by the departments of state, the military, and the ruling political parties, and he probes the multiple failures to bring the perpetrators to justice. As the topic of the Armenian genocide provokes ever-greater passion and controversy around the world, Akçam's work has only become more important and relevant. Beyond its timeliness, however, A Shameful Act is sure to take its lasting place as a classic and necessary work on the subject.
Armenian organization and ideology under Ottoman rule : 1908-1914
Portraits of hope : Armenians in the contemporary world : biographical portraits from around the world
A myth of terror : Armenian extremism: its causes and its historical context an illustrated exposé
Armenian claims and historical facts
The Mongols and the Armenians (1220-1335)
The Armenian people from ancient to modern times
The Talât pasha "telegrams" : historical fact or Armenian fiction?
The gendarme
Borders and belonging : nation-building in Georgia's Armenian and Azerbaijani ethno-regions, 2004-2012
"A Companion to the Anthropology of the Middle East presents a comprehensive overview of current trends and future directions in anthropological research and activism in the modern Middle East"--
The Young Turks' crime against humanity : the Armenian genocide and ethnic cleansing in the Ottoman Empire
Arşiv belgeleriyle Ermeni faaliyetleri 1914-1918 = : Armenian activities in the archive documents 1914-1918. Cilt 3.
The Armenians : a people in exile
Armenians in the history of Turks : basic text book
The Armenian way to modernity : Armenian identy between tradition and innovation, specificity and universality : an inquiry into the impact of the modern world on Armenian society from the Renaissance through Enlightenment up to the genocidal catastrophe of 1915
Great catastrophe : Armenians and Turks in the shadow of genocide
The Armenian genocide : a complete history
The sandcastle girls : a novel
The Armenian kingdom in Cilicia during the Crusades : the integration of Cilician Armenians with the Latins 1080-1393
International trade and the Armenian merchants in the Seventeenth century
The Armenian genocide : the Young Turks before the judgement of history
The knock at the door : a journey through the darkness of the Armenian genocide
Lies, lies, and more lies : belying the Armenian claims aganst the Turks
The pre-history of the Armenians
The Armenians : from kings and priests to merchants and commissars
The Armenian kingdom and the Mamluks : war and diplomacy during the reigns of Hetʻum II (1289-1307)
Armenians in the service of the Ottoman Empire, 1860-1908
"When Orhan's brilliant and eccentric grandfather, who built a dynasty out of making kilim rugs, is found dead in a vat of dye, Orhan inherits the decades-old business. But his grandfather's will raises more questions than it answers. Kemal has left the family estate to a stranger thousands of miles away, an aging woman in a retirement home in Los Angeles. Her existence and secrecy about her past only deepen the mystery of why Orhan's grandfather would have left their home to this woman rather than to his own family"--Dust jacket.
A concise history of the Armenian people : (from ancient times to the present)
Open wounds : Armenians, Turks, and a century of genocide
German responsibility in the Armenian genocide : a review of the historical evidence of German complicity
Arşiv belgeleriyle Ermeni faaliyetleri 1914-1918 = : Armenian activities in the archive documents 1914-1918. Cilt 5.
The Armenian file : the myth of innocence exposed
The Armenian genocide : cultural and ethical legacies
Der Völkermord an den Armeniern, die Türkei und Europa = The Armenian genocide, Turkey and Europe
Armenian merchants of the seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries : English East India Company sources
Diaries of a Danish missionary : Harpoot, 1907-1919
Documents on the Armenian question : forged and authentic
A companion to the anthropology of the Middle East
Imagining Armenia : orientalism, ambiguity and intervention
The Armenian genocide : internet report and analysis on the occasion of the 90th anniversary of the Armenian genocide
Because the tragedy of the Armenians is not deemed, by consensus, a genocide, many have long sought to connect it to the single event that is most clearly associated with the word genocide-the Holocaust. This book attempts to make this comparison in several distinct ways.
Dialogue across an international divide : essays towards a Turkish-Armenian dialogue
The Armenians : in the late Ottoman period
The Armenian issue in nine questions and answers
Calcutta mosaic : essays and interviews on the minority communities of Calcutta
The history of the Armenian genocide : ethnic conflict from the Balkans to Anatolia to the Caucasus
The Armenian genocide : evidence from the German Foreign Office archives, 1915-1916
The history of Armenia : from the origins to the present
The bastard of Istanbul : [a novel]
Goodbye, Antoura : a memoir of the Armenian genocide
Armenians and the Iranian constitutional revolution of 1905-1911 : "the love for freedom has no fatherland"
Capitalist stereotypes and the economic organization of the Russian Empire : the case of the Tiflis Armenians
Armenian history and the question of genocide
The Karabagh file : documents and facts on the region of mountainous Karabagh 1918-1988
Armenians in the Ottoman Empire : an anthology of transformation, 13th-19th centuries
Listening to video art and the problem of too many homelands
The spirit of the laws : the plunder of wealth in the Armenian genocide
The Nagorno Karabakh War : Welfare Discrimination or Revenge of the Past?
Armenian Constantinople
Days of tragedy in Armenia : personal experiences in Harpoot, 1915-1917
Arşiv belgeleriyle Ermeni faaliyetleri 1914-1918 = Armenian activities in the archive documents 1914-1918. Cilt 1.
Ambassador Morgenthau's story
Unsilencing the past : track two diplomacy and Turkish-Armenian reconciliation
The Ottoman Armenians : Victims of great power diplomacy
Turks and Armenians : nationalism and conflict in the Ottoman Empire
The Armenian "genocide"? : facts & figures
The travel accounts of Simēon of Poland
The Holocaust and the Armenian case in comparative perspective
Deep mountain : across the Turkish-Armenian divide
Revolution and genocide : on the origins of the Armenian genocide and the Holocaust
Arşiv belgeleriyle Ermeni faaliyetleri 1914-1918 = : Armenian activities in the archive documents 1914-1918. Cilt 4.
Warrant for genocide : key elements of Turko-Armenian conflict
Armenian Golgotha
Historical archives and the historians' commission to investigate the Armenian events of 1915
Osmanli arsivi : Yildiz tasnifi, Ermeni meselesi, Talori olaylari = Ottoman archives : Yildiz collection, the Armenian question, Talori incidents
The first genocide of the twentieth century remains unrecognized and unpunished. One hundred years later, Turkey continues to deny the slaughter of over a million Ottoman Armenians in 1915 and the following years. What sets the Armenian genocide apart from other mass atrocities is that the country responsible has never officially acknowledged its actions, and no individual has ever been brought to justice. Here, the authors visit historic sites and interview politicians, elderly survivors, descendants, authors, and activists in a quest for the hidden truth. Taking the reader into remote mountain regions, tiny hamlets, and the homes of traumatized victims of a deadly persecution that continues to this day, they reveal little-known aspects of the history and culture of a people who have been rendered invisible in their ancient homeland. Seeking to illuminate complex issues of blame and responsibility, guilt and innocence, the authors discuss the roles played in this drama by the "righteous Turks," the Kurds, the converts, the rebels, and the "leftovers of the sword." They also describe the struggle to have the genocide officially recognized in Turkey, France, and the United States. Arguing that this masssive cover-up has had consequences for Turks as well as for Armenians, the authors point to a society sickened by a century of denial. The face of Turkey is gradually changing, however, and a new generation of Turks is beginning to understand what happened and to realize that the ghost of the Armenian genocide must be recognized and laid to rest.--From publisher description.
Survivor memoirs of the Armenian genocide
Was it genocide? : The Armenian massacres of world war one
A massacre averted : an Armenian town, an American nurse, and the Turkish army they resisted : the memoirs of Mary Watson Super
Facts on the relocation of Armenians (1914-1918)
