http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23668 paranoia
paranoia
Higurashi when they cry : Massacre arc. 2
Higurashi when they cry : Atonement arc. 1
Paranoid and paranoiac psychoses : a personal follow-up investigation with special reference to etiological, clinical, and prognostic aspects
The keep
Instructions for the apocalypse
Higurashi when they cry : Atonement arc. 4
Even paranoids have enemies : new perspectives on paranoia and persecution
Rosemaryn painajainen = Rosemary's baby
The fundamentalist mindset : psychological perspectives on religion, violence, and history
Higurashi when they cry : Eye opening arc. 3
Higurashi when they cry : Massacre arc. 1
Shutter island
Understanding paranoia : a guide for professionals, families, and sufferers
Under the Dome. Season 2
Higurashi when they cry : Curse killing arc. 2
Higurashi when they cry : Time killing arc. 2
The paranoia switch : how terror rewires our brains and reshapes our behavior--and how we can reclaim our courage
Suicides in schizophrenia and paranoid psychoses
Narcissism and paranoia in the age of Goethe
Higurashi when they cry : Atonement arc. 2
The haunted airman
Strange days indeed : the golden age of paranoia
Martha Marcy May Marlene
Paradigms of paranoia : the culture of conspiracy in contemporary American fiction
Know your mind  : everyday emotional and psychological problems and how to overcome them
Abnormal psychology
Women and ghosts
Higurashi when they cry : Time killing arc. 1
Higurashi when they cry : Curse killing arc. 1
This is the first sustained book-length study that examines how literary narcissism in the Age of Goethe intersects with concepts of creativity, language, gender, and national identity, and how German writers anticipate the formation of the Freudian concepts of narcissism and paranoia. Beginning in the 1770s authors like Goethe, Herder, Schiller, Moritz and others created a highly self-reflective literature. Their poems, dramas, prose works, and theoretical essays provide insights into how these writers attempted to contend with uncertainties connected to the loss of faith in a universal order.The authors use literature to reflect a sense of certainty by creating a stable, idealized, and thus narcissistic self. The author shows that narcissism was particularly attractive to eighteenth-century authors because it could both capture and conceal the contradictions inherent in Enlightenment thinking. The failure to reconcile these contradictions often results in unbearably haunting visions that give way to paranoid delusions.
Higurashi when they cry : Beyond midnight arc. 2
Higurashi when they cry : Abducted by demons arc. 2
Confessions of a crap artist : Jack Isidore (of Seville, Calif.) :a chronicle of verified scientific fact, 1945-1959
Fear and loathing in Las Vegas
Paranoid and paranoiac psychoses
The honey and the hemlock : democracy and paranoia in ancient Athens and modern America
Under the dome
Paranoid modernism : literary experiment, psychosis, and the professionalization of English society
Higurashi when they cry : Eye opening arc. 4
Conspiracy culture : from the Kennedy assassination to The X-Files
Mysteries and conspiracies : detective stories, spy novels and the making of modern societies
Arkkitehdin vatsa : In the belly of an architect
Romantic moods : paranoia, trauma, and melancholy, 1790-1840
This violent empire : the birth of an American national identity
Know your mind : everyday emotional and psychological problems and how to overcome them
Latent destinies : cultural paranoia and contemporary U.S. narrative
Freud's paranoid quest : psychoanalysis and modern suspicion
Higurashi when they cry : Abducted by demons arc. 1
Higurashi when they cry : Beyond midnight arc. 1
Under the Dome
Memoirs of my nervous illness
Falling man : a novel
Higurashi when they cry : Eye opening arc. 1
Philosophy and psychoanalytic theory : collected essays
"In The Paranoia Switch, Martha Stout offers a clinical, neuropsychological and practical examination of what terror and fear politics have done to our minds and the very biology of our brains. In this book, Stout assures us that we can interrupt the cycle of trauma and look forward to a future free of fear only by understanding our own paranoia - and what flips the paranoia switch."--BOOK JACKET.
Conspiracy nation : the politics of paranoia in postwar America
Higurashi when they cry : Eye opening arc. 2
This Violent Empire traces the origins of American violence, racism, and paranoia to the founding moments of the new nation and the initial instability of Americans' national sense of self." "Fusing cultural and political analyses to create a new form of political history, Carroll Smith-Rosenberg explores the ways the founding generation, lacking a common history, governmental infrastructures, and shared culture, solidified their national sense of self by imagining a series of "Others" (African Americans, Native Americans, women, the propertyless) whose differences from European American male founders overshadowed the differences that divided those founders. These "Others," dangerous and polluting, had to be excluded from the European American body politic. Feared, but also desired, they refused to be marginalized, incurring increasingly enraged enactments of their political and social exclusion that shaped our long history of racism, xenophobia, and sexism. Close readings of political rhetoric during the Constitutional debates reveal the genesis of this long history.
Paranoia and modernity : Cervantes to Rousseau
Under the dome. Season 3.
H채mm채stytt채v채 Howard Hughes : The amazing Howard Hughes
Higurashi when they cry : Atonement arc. 3
Higurashi when they cry : Cotton drifting arc. 1
Higurashi when they cry : Cotton drifting arc. 2
Under the dome : a novel
