http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23615 realisation (active)
realisation (active)
Implementation of GNSS baseband hardware
Start your own self-publishing business : your step-by-step guide to success
Dreamy me
Managing change step by step : all you need to build a plan and make it happen
Information technology  - open system interconnection - conformance testing methodology and framework : Part 5 : requirements on test laboratories and clients for the conformance assessment process
Information technology  - open system interconnection - conformance testing methodology and framework : Part 6 : protocol profile test specification
Selfish and prospective : theory and evidence of pocketbook voting
Optimization of tweeter and woofer solution by using step-up converter and supercapacitor
We present and test a theory of prospective and retrospective pocketbook voting. Focusing on two large reforms in Sweden, we establish a causal chain from policies to sizeable individual gains and losses and then to voting. The Social Democrats proposed budget cuts affecting parents with young children before the 1994 election, but made generous promises to the same group before the 1998 election. Since parents with older children were largely unaffected we use a differenceindifferences strategy for identification. We find clear evidence of prospective pocketbook voting. Voters respond to campaign promises but not to the later implementation of the reforms.
The opus : from vision to plan to perform
Over the last 20 years, international attempts to raise educational standards and improve opportunities for all children have accelerated and proliferated. This has generated a state of constant change and an unrelenting flood of initiatives, changes and reforms that need to be ‘implemented’ by schools. In response to this, a great deal of attention has been given to evaluating ‘how well’ policies are realised in practice – implemented! Less attention has been paid to understanding how schools actually deal with these multiple, and sometimes contradictory, policy demands; creatively working to interpret policy texts and translate these into practices, in real material conditions and varying resources – how they are enacted! Based on a long-term qualitative study of four ‘ordinary’ secondary schools, and working on the interface of theory with data, this book explores how schools enact, rather than implement, policy. It focuses on: contexts of ‘policy work’ in schools; teachers as policy subjects; teachers as policy actors; policy texts, artefacts and events; standards, behaviour and learning policies. This book offers an original and very grounded analysis of how schools and teachers do policy. It will be of interest to undergraduate and postgraduate students of education, education policy and social policy, as well as school leaders, in the UK and beyond.
Making contemporary sculpture
Test environment for LTE
Information technology  - open system interconnection - conformance testing methodology and framework : Part 4 : test realization
A girls's guide to decorating
Guidelines for Automation Project Execution
The project management life cycle : a complete step-by-step methodology for initiating, planning, executing & closing a project successfully
The special features of organising an association event
Flexible operating system internals : the design and implementation of the anykernel and rump kernels
Feasibility Study for a Start-Up Enterprise
Logic model development guide : using logic models to bring together planning, evaluation and action
The practice of survey research : theory and applications
Event marketing : case: Syystober 2011
Creating a web based application : case theater seat reservation system
Current state of terrestrial ecosystems in the joint Norwegian, Russian and Finnish border area in northern Fennoscandia
Information technology  - open system interconnection - conformance testing methodology and framework : Part 7 : implementation conformance statements. Technical corrigendum 1.
Healthy, active and outside! : running an outdoor programme in the early years
Implementation plan of an internal communication strategy
Demystifying strategy : how to become a strategic thinker
Decide and deliver : 5 steps to breakthrough performance in your organization
Reflections on the teaching of programming : methods and implementations
Now is the time to do what you love : how to make the career move that will change your life
Design and implementation of questions and answers (QnA) system : connecting the students closer
Joomla! Start to finish : how to plan, execute, and maintain your web site
Content Management System Implementation Efficiency and Value
Educational reforms in South Africa : the role of the teachers in the implementation of educational reforms in post apartheid South Africa 1994-2008
Writing for  video games
Factors that lead to a successful TQM Implementation : a Case Study on the Zambian Tourism Industry
Strategy into action : people create the change
Creating a website for an AV production company
Service systems implementation
Notes on digital signal processing : practical recipes for design, analysis, and implementation
Detection algorithms and architectures for wireless spatial multiplexing in MIMO-OFDM systems
Putting politics into perspective : a study of the implementation of EU public utilities directives
Development of an e-commerce application for a shop
Organizing innovation : how policies are translated into practice
Game writing handbook
ILO medium-term plan, 1990-95 : report on programme implementation, 1986-87
Information technology  - open system interconnection - conformance testing methodology and framework : Part 7 : implementation conformance statements
Assessing national compliance with international forest policy processes : the role of subjective judgments
Trade show management : planning, implementing and controlling of trade shows, conventions and events
How schools do policy : policy enactments in secondary schools
Freddie and the Fairy
e-Management Markets : transforming organizations beyond stovepipes
Facilities planning and design
Studying public policy : an international approach
Application interface for wireless sensor networks
Evidence-based social work : a critical stance
Advertising now! : TV commercials
Planning, implementing, and evaluating health promotion programs : a primer
Life's a pitch : how to be businesslike with your emotional life and emotional with your business life
Web design : interactive & games
"Even a substance-abusing mother wishes to be a good mother" : implementation of the ethical guidelines of nursing in the nursing care of substance-abusing mothers
Effective targeting of agricultural policies : best practices for policy design and implementation
Communicating strategy to Russian personnel : case study into Russian subsidiary's strategy communication practices
Using strategy map to overcome the barriers in strategy implementation
The best job in the world : how to make a living from following your dreams
Pop-up design and paper mechanics : how to make folding paper sculpture
Training application for sport coaches
Social work research. Volume III, The practice of social work research
Operating large scale membrane bioreactors for municipal wastewater treatment
The purpose of this study is to describe how the ethical guidelines of nursing are implemented in the nursing care of substance-abusing mothers according to the nurses of medical and surgical wards. No previous studies had been conducted about the subject from this point of view. The aim is to raise awareness about the nursing care of substance-abusing mothers.  Qualitative research method was chosen and data was gathered through theme interviews. The interview themes were autonomy, confidentiality, equality and individuality. The ethical guidelines of nursing were used as a theoretical background for the study and the results were analyzed using qualitative content analysis. The study was done in collaboration with Tampere University Hospital by interviewing four nurses working in either medical or surgical wards.  The results revealed that there are certain factors, which deteriorate the implementation of the ethical guidelines of nursing such as existing prejudices, lack of resources and not having experience on the nursing care of substance-abusing patients. The supporting factors include utilizing multi-professional co-operation, having a primary nurse and supporting motherhood and mother-child relationship  By recognizing the importance of ethical guidelines of nursing the quality of the nursing care can be improved. The study offers knowledge about the current status of the nursing care of substance-abusing mothers in medical and surgical wards. Nurses working with substance-abusing mothers will benefit from this study, because it will make them more aware of their own actions and raise further discussion about the subject. As a further research suggestion, it is recommended to study the nursing care from the point of view of the substance-abusing mothers.  Key concepts: ethical guidelines of nursing, substance abuse, motherhood, nurse-patient relationship
Environmental education in context : an international perspective on the development environmental education
Fisheries management. 2, The ecosystem approach to fisheries. 2.2, The human dimensions of the ecosystem approach to fisheries
The judicial application of human rights law : national, regional and international jurisprudence
The back stage guide to stage management : traditional and new methods for running a show from first rehearsal to last performance
Website creation
Guidelines for automation project execution
Managing the design process : implementing design : an essential manual for the working designer
Remake : master works of art reimagined
Fast track to success : strategy
The commissioner of this thesis wanted to modify and re-launch the MOC concept within their organization due to the internal and external misinterpretations of the MOC service agreements.  The main goal of this study is therefore to ensure that the stakeholders within the case company`s Service division understand the concept of the modified MOC and this is approached by developing an internal communication (IC) strategy to identify a feasible implementation plan and IC tools for the re-launch of MOC. The author is working for the commissioner and developed during his internship time a new IC strategy based on the prevailing situation. The result of the strategy development process shows that a feasible MOC implementation plan can be reached when it has clear objectives, assignment allocations with deadlines and no overloaded action. Other requirements are that it should be able to implement within a short time frame and as well as be achievable and measurable. The main IC tools in order to communicate the change include electronic newsletter and face to face meetings whereas sub tools of discussion list, paper newsletter and intranet. The outcome covered the commissioner`s needs and requirements, thus it will be fully implemented in early summer.
EU policies : an overview : from decision-making to implementation
The irrelevance of stated plans in predicting farm successions in Finland
The moving image workshop : introducing animation, motion graphics and visual effects in 45 practical projects
Self-realization : politics and the good life in modern times
The development, implementation and use of e-learning : critical realism and design science perspectives
Risks of project implementation in pharmaceutical industry
Implementation of group based exercises by peer instructors : a feasibility study in the elderly population
Secure energy for Europe : the Nord Stream Pipeline project 2005-2012
The game of developing a game : hobbyist game developers as playful entrepreneurs in the Apple App Store
Animation cinema workshop : from motion to emotion
Norman : the slug with the silly shell
Runway uncovered : the making of a fashion show
The Business Process management Guide : practical methodology and guidelines to successful BPM
Freddie and the fairy
Change process towards ICT supported teaching and learning
Motion graphic design : applied history and aesthetics
