http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23618 oral reading
oral reading reading out loud
Da. Eto vopros! : prosodic development of Finnish students' read-aloud Russian during study in Russia
More Ant and Bee
Engaging children with print : building early literacy skills through quality read-alouds
The book with no pictures
The hows and whys of fluency instruction
Ant and Bee
A little, aloud, for children : an anthology of poems and stories to share aloud
"When the New Testament was read publicly, what effect did the performances have on the audience? In Delivering from Memory, William Shiell argues that these performances shaped early Christian paideia, among communities of active, engaged listeners. Using Greco-Roman rhetorical conventions, Shiell's groundbreaking study suggests that lectors delivered from memory without memorizing the text verbatim and audiences listened with their memories in a collaborative process with the performer. The text functioned as a starting place for emotion, paraphrase, correction, and instruction. In the process, the performances trained and shaped the character of the reader and the formation of the audience."--P. [4] of cover.
Public reading in early Christianity : lectors, manuscripts, and sound in the oral delivery of John 1-4
Fluency in the classroom
This book offers two distinct approaches to oral reading instruction that can easily be incorporated into primary-grade literacy curricula. It enables teachers to go beyond the conventional round-robin approach by providing strong instructional support and using challenging texts. Grounded in research and classroom experience, the book explains what works and why in helping students build comprehension along with word recognition and the expressive elements of oral reading. Specific lesson plan ideas, helpful vignettes and examples, and reproducibles make this an indispensable classroom resource. Included are chapters on fluency's role in learning to read, motivation, the home - school connection, fluency assessment, and strategies for struggling readers.
In Public Reading in Early Christianity: Lectors, Manuscripts, and Sound in the Oral Delivery of John 1-4 Dan Nässelqvist investigates the oral delivery of New Testament writings in early Christian communities of the first two centuries C.E. He examines the role of lectors and public reading in the Greek and Roman world as well as in early Christianity. Nässelqvist introduces a method of sound analysis, which utilizes the correspondence between composition and delivery in ancient literary writings to retrieve information about oral delivery from the sound structures of the text being read aloud. Finally he applies the method of sound analysis to John 1–4 and presents the implications for our understanding of public reading and the Gospel of John.
Enchanted hunters : the power of stories in childhood
Communicating with one another : toward a psychology of spontaneous spoken discourse
Book with no pictures
Hesitation phenomena in dyslectic and non-dyslectic university students' L2 read-aloud production
A 'good ear' for foreign languages : can pronunciation teaching help?
Reader for hire
Reading stories with young children
Delivering from memory : the effect of performance on the early Christian audience
