http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2361 hazardous substances
hazardous substances
Pioneering study finds that exposure to chromium does not cause respiratory problems
Toxicology for non-toxicologists
International code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk (IBC Code) : resolution MSC.4(48) including proposed amendments and resolution MEPC.19(22)
Convention on civil liability for damage caused during carriage of dangerous goods by road, rail and inland navigation vessels (CRTD) : explanatory report
Occupational exposure limits for airborne toxic substances : values of selected countries prepared from the ILO-CIS data base of exposure limits
Recommendations of dangerous goods : Manual of tests and  criteria
Handling procedures of hazardous waste
European agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road (ADR) and protocol of signature : done at Geneva on 30 September 1957. 3, (Annex B)
Guidelines for importing dangerous goods to Finland
Recommendations on the transport of dangerous goods. Manual of tests and criteria
2010 HNS Convention : International Convention on Liability and Compensation for Damage in Connection with the Carriage of Hazardous and Noxious Substances by Sea, 2010 : including verview of the 2010 HNS Convention, Guidelines on reporting of HNS contributing cargo, Final Act of the International Conference of 2010 on the Revision of the HNS Convention and resolutions of the conference
BCH CODE : code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk
Storck guide : stowage & segregation to IMDG Code including amdt. 35-10
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to find different route options for transporting danger-ous goods from Rauma mill to the customer located in Leiria, Portugal. The aim was to find three possible options; one straight route and two options which sail via one port in central Europe. This study was made by assignment of Forchem, which goods were delivered in the researched case.  The information for the theory part of this thesis was gathered from literature and websites. In theory part was went through the maritime transport especially in the Baltic Sea, IMDG code and containers. There was also an own chapter for case company and the product that was delivered in the case.  The research for this study was made by e-mail survey. The survey was sent to selected quarters which were specific ports in Finland, Spain and Portugal. Also some shipping companies were approached. The purpose of the empirical study was to point out the options which the case company could seek further.  When receiving the answers from the ports and shipping companies was arose the fact that there could have been wider amount of responses to get more comparison material. However with the answers received by the survey, it was possible to point out three route options as was supposed.
TransAPELL : guidance for dangerous goods transport emergency planning in a local community
Book it right and pack it tight. 1, For shippers & forwarders
Waste from electrical and electronic products : a survey of the contents of materials and hazardous substances in electric and electronic products
Transport of dangerous goods in Finland : strategy 2006-2015
Transport of dangerous goods : recommendations of the Committee of Experts on the Transport of Dangerous Goods
Physics of plutonium recycling. Vol. 7, BWR MOX benchmark specification and results
European agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road (ADR) and protocol of signature : done at Geneva on 30 September 1957. Vol. 2, (Annex B with amendments thereto up to 1 January 1997)
Storck guide : stowage & segregation to IMDG Code including amdt. 37-14
Substances and preparations dangerous for the environment : a system for classification, labelling and safety data sheets : final report from a Nordic working group
Medical solid waste and wastewater treatment business in Vietnam : Market analysis and developing a competitive marketing strategy for selling medical solid waste and wastewater treatment equipment
Abstract: Safety factors of explosives in Raikka Oy.
Consolidated list of products whose consumption and/or sale have been banned, withdrawn, severely restricted or not approved by governments. 2.     issue
European agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road (ADR) and protocol of signature : done at Geneva on 30 September 1957. Vol. 1, (Agreement, protocol of signature, annex A and appendices to annex A with amendments thereto up to 1 January 1999)
Code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk (BCH Code)
Safety in hazardous wastes
Hazardous substances in the Baltic Sea : an integrated thematic assessment of the hazardous substances in the Baltic Sea : executive summary
Recommendations on the transport of dangerous goods : model regulations
Book it right and pack it tight. 4, For fork lift operators and cargo handlers
Transporting hazardous goods by road : road transport research
IAEA safeguards glossary
Parameters characterizing toxic and hazardous waste disposal sites : management and monitoring : final report
Proceedings of the seminar on remote handling equipment for nuclear fuel cycle facilities, Oxford, 2nd-5th October 1984 = Compte rendu du séminaire sur le matériel de télémanipulation pour les installations du cycle du combustible nucléaire, Oxford, 2-5 Octobre 1984
CMR : contracts for the international carriage of goods by road
Safety aspects of hazardous wastes : proceedings of a Round Table, Dublin, November 27-29.1985
Nuclear aerosols in reactor safety : supplement to the June 1979 report
European provisions conserning the international carrige of dangerous goods by inland waterway (ADN)
Chemistry of hazardous materials
Protection of water resources and aquatic ecosystems
Transport of DG in Port Areas, 2007 Edition IB290E
Consolidated list of products whose consumption and/or sale have been banned, withdrawn, severely restricted or not approved by governments. 5. issue
Hazardous chemicals: safety management and global regulations
Options for transportation routes between Finland and Portugal / Henna Silokivi
Book it right and pack it tight. 3, For consolidators and shipping container packers: managers and supervisors
Bretherick's handbook of reactive chemical hazards. Vol. 1
European agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road (ADR) and protocol of signature : done at Geneva on 30 September 1957. Vol. 2, (Annex B with amendments thereto up to 1 January 1995)
Dangerous Goods Regulations : effective 1 january - 31 december 2014
Guide to the Finnish legislation on toxic chemicals
Health effects of toxic substances
Code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying liquefied gases in bulk
Dangerous goods transportation inspection programme, January through September 1988 : final report
Chemical time bombs : linkages to scenarios of socioeconomic development
International code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk : IBC Code
Radiation : doses, effects, risks
Binding models concerning natural organic substances in performance assessment : proceedings of an NEA Workshop, Bad Zurzach, Switzerland, 14-16 September 1994
Bretherick's handbook of reactive chemical hazards. Vol. 2
A comprehensive guide to the hazardous properties of chemical substances
Hazardous chemicals : control and regulation in the European market
Handbook of hydrogen storage : new materials for future energy storage
Executive summary (s. 9).
A guide to safe material and chemical handling
Storck guide : stowage & segregation to IMDG Code including amdt. 34-08
A comprehensive, informative, and utterly debilitating compendium of surprising ways you might die a horrible death at any moment--all of them based on actual research about the perils of everyday life--from master humorists Henry Beard and Christopher Cerf"--
IMO guidelines on ship recycling : including MEPC/Circ. 466 "Gas-free-for-hot-work" certification
Decision of the National Board of Labour Protection concerning material safety data sheets for dangerous chemicals ; Instructions for compiling the material safety data sheet
Guide on marine terminal fire protection and emergency evacuation
Regulations for the safe transport of radioactive material : safety requirements
BCH code : code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk
Dangerous goods regulations : (IATA resolution 618, attachment "A")
Hazardous materials chemistry
Transportation of hazardous materials : a practical guide to compliance
Consolidated list of products whose consumption and/or sale have been banned, withdrawn, severely restricted or not approved by governments. 7. issue, Chemicals
IBC Code : international code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk with standards and guidelines relevant to the code
Guidelines for the provisional assessment of liquids transported in bulk
Transferring hazardous technologies and substances : the international legal challenge
European agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road (ADR) and protocol of signature : done at Geneva on 30 September 1957. Vol. 1, (Agreement, protocol of signature, annex A and appendices to annex A with amendments thereto up to 1 January 1997)
Review, Assessment and Development of Search Engine for Residential Wood Combustion
Draft amendments to annexes A and B of the European agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road (ADR) : as adopted by the Working Party on the Transport of Dangerous Goods at its fifty-fourth to fifty-sixth and fifty-eight sessions, for entry into force on 1 January 1997
Hazardous substances and human health : exposure impact and external cost assessment at the European scale
Hazardous materials
European agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road (ADR) and protocol of signature : done at Geneva on 30 September 1957. Vol. 2, (Annex B with amendments thereto up to 1 January 1999)
Environmental hazard classification : classification of selected substances as dangerous for the environment (I)
Storck guide : stowage & segregation to IMDG code and table of UN-nos. and IMDG-code page nos., EmS nos., MFAG table nos
IMSBC Code : International Maritime Solid Bulk Cargoes Code
NIOSH pocket guide to chemical hazards : online version
Regulations for the safe transport of radioactive material
Dosimetry aspects of exposure to radon and thoron daughter products : report
Globally harmonized system of classification and labelling of chemicals (GHS)
Assessment of environmental pollutants in humans from four continents : exposure levels in Slovakia, Guinea-Bissau, Nicaragua and Bangladesh
Guidelines on surveys required by the 1978 Solas protocol, the international bulk chemical code and the international gas carrier code
Recommendations on the safe transport of dangerous cargoes and related activities in port areas
Hazardous substances in the Baltic Sea : an integrated thematic assessment of the hazardous substances in the Baltic Sea
Consolidated list of products whose consumption and/or sale have been banned, withdrawn, severely restricted or not approved by governments : prepared in accordance with General Assembly resolutions 37/137, 38/149, 39/229 and 44/226
Transport packaging for radioactive materials : proceedings of a Seminar on Transport Packaging for Radioactive Materials
Book it right and pack it tight. 2, For shipping lines and freight sales agencies
European agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road (ADR) and protocol of signature : done at Geneva on 30 September 1957. Vol. 1, (Agreement, protocol of signature, annex A and appendices to annex A with amendments thereto up to 1 January 1995)
Safety factors of explosives in Raikka Oy
The HNS protocol : the resurrection of a convention
Recommendations on the transport of dangerous goods
Hazardous substances in the Baltic Sea : an integrated thematic assessment of hazardous substances in the Baltic Sea
