http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2368 minerals
minerals
A large number of low-income less-developed countries are dependent on just a few primary commodities for their export earnings. Reliance on primary commodities is particularly hazardous given the extreme behaviour and poor visibility of commodity prices. Rational expectations competitive storage theory postulates that commodity prices are determined by expected futures prices, commodity stocks and the cost of carry. This paper uses a rich data set gathered primarily from the London Metal Exchange to test for the empirical application of the theory. In-sample analysis provides support for the theory whilst the out-of sample-results cast doubt concerning practical efficacy.
Origin and physical characteristics of till fines in Finland
World index of strategic minerals : production, exploitation and risk
The lead isotopic composition of some Finnish galenas
The iron oxides : structure, properties, reactions, occurrence and uses
Komatiite-hosted Ni-Cu-PGE deposits in Finland : their characterization, PGE content, and petrogenesis
The chemistry of food
Mineral nutrition of crops : fundamentals mechanisms and implications
Mechanochemistry in nanoscience and minerals engineering
Mineral processing and the environment
An evidence-based approach to vitamins and minerals : health implications and intake recommendations
The world of minerals
Handbook of mineralogy. Volume 3, Halides, hydroxid, oxides
Proceedings of the 5th Annual Meeting of Nordic Mineralogical Network, Tallinn, 14th-18th June 2010
Particle size distribution and suspension stability in aqueous submicron grinding of CaCO<sub>3</sub> and TiO<sub>2</sub>
Pacific-ACP states regional legislative and regulatory framework for deep sea minerals exploration and exploitation
The vitamin alphabet : your guide to vitamins, minerals and food supplements
Super motherload
Color atlas and manual of microscopy for criminalists, chemists, and conservators
Icelandic rocks and minerals
Guidelines for soil description
Use of natural zeolites in the recovery of metals
Earth materials
Rocks and minerals
Estonian mineral resources
Resource wars : the new landscape of global conflict
Rock-forming minerals. Volume 5B, Non-silicates : sulphates, carbonates, phosphates, halides
The use of halloysite for nutrient and moisture retention in soils
Study of mineral phases in coke samples by confocal Raman microscopy
Strategic mineral dependence : the stockpile dilemma
Barents tour for geotourists = Geomatkailijan Barentsin kierros = Barenc tur dlâ geoturistov = Rundtur i Barents for geoturisten
Adirondack Upland flora : an ecological perspective
Applications of microanalytical techniques to understanding mineralizing processes
Identification tables for minerals in thin sections
Physicochemical basis of the analysis of the paragenesis of minerals
Atlas of mineral resources of the ESCAP region. Volume 3, Republic of Korea : explanatory brochure
Minerals in nutrition
Geology : basics for engineers
Nutrition and skin
Pedological biogeochemistry
Natural health & bodycare : a comprehensive and informative guide to natural remedies, recipes and routines for the whole body
"Highlighting new technologies, Remote Sensing of Natural Resources explores advanced remote sensing systems and algorithms for image processing, enhancement, feature extraction, data fusion, image classification, image-based modeling, image-based sampling design, map accuracy assessment and quality control. It also discusses their applications for evaluation of natural resources, including sampling design, land use and land cover classification, natural landscape and ecosystem assessment, forestry, agriculture, biomass and carbon-cycle modeling, wetland classification and dynamics monitoring, and soils and minerals mapping. The book combines review articles with case studies that demonstrate recent advances and developments of methods, techniques, and applications of remote sensing, with each chapter on a specific area of natural resources. Through a comprehensive examination of the wide range of applications of remote sensing technologies to natural resources, the book provides insight into advanced remote sensing systems, technologies, and algorithms for researchers, scientists, engineers, and decision makers"--
On borrowed time? : assessing the threat of mineral depletion
Handbook of mineralogy. Volume 2, part 1 , Silica, silicates
International commodity agreements for minerals
Handbook of mineralogy. Volume 1, Elements, sulfides, sulfosalts
Results minerals & aggregates : [Metso customer magazine for the mining and construction industries]
Ore mineral atlas
Abstract: Enlargement of the environmental management system - including the production plants of Nakkila and Säkylä into the ISO 14001 system.
An investigation of the effect of physical and chemical variables on bubble generation and coalescence in laboratory scale flotation cells
Case studies on tailings management
Flotation-related surface spectroscopic studies of sulfide minerals
The practical encyclopedia of rocks & minerals : how to find, identify and collect the world's most fascinating specimens, featuring over 800 colour photographs and artworks
Understanding zircon geochronology : constraints from imaging and trace elements
Mineral components in foods
The care and conservation of geological material : minerals, rocks, meteorites and lunar finds
The book of agates : and other quartz gems
Archaeomineralogy
Proceedings of the Nordic Symposium "Clay Minerals - Modern Soci ety" held in Uppsala, Sweden, Nov. 20-21, 1985
Handbook of mineralogy. Volume 2, part 2, Silica, silicates
Mission : Red planet
Petrology of laterites and tropical soils
Mineral elements '80 : a Nordic Symposium on Soil-Plant-Animal-Man Interrelationships and Implications to Human Health : Hanasaari Culture Center, Helsinki-Espoo, Finland, December 9-11, 1980 : proceedings. Pt 2.
Silica : physical behavior, geochemistry and materials applications
The Magic School Bus inside the Earth
The earth : rocks, minerals, and fossils
Microscopic identification of minerals
Dust reduction in magnesite industry
Geochemistry in mineral exploration
Atlas of mineral resources of the ESCAP region. Volume 4, New Zealand : explanatory brochure
A reliability analysis for the grinding process
Proceedings of the Sixth Session of the Committee on Natural Resources : incorporating the triennial review of mineral development activities in the ESCAP region, 1976-1978
Proceedings of the ninth session of the Committee on Natural Resources : incorporating the triennial review of mineral development activities in the ESCAP region, 1979-1981
Rock-forming minerals. Vol. 2 B, Double-chain silicates
Goop clean beauty
Raman Spectroscopy - a study of Iron Sulfate Minerals : Raman Spectroscopic Study of Ferrous Sulfate Hydratesand Jarosites
Gem and lapidary materials : for cutters, collectors and jewelers
Clay mineralogy
Minerals handbook 1990-91 : Statistics and analyses of the world's minerals industry
Industrial minerals maintain growth despite some setbacks
Formation of a cultivated Spodosol in East-Central Finland
Naturals and organics in cosmetics : from r & d to the marketplace
Mineraly Kovdora = Minerals of the Kovdor massif
Nutrition : concepts and controversies
Transformation processes in minerals
1001 questions answered about the mineral kingdom
New minerals of the group of iron antimonides and arsenides from Seinäjoki deposit, Finland
The National gem collection
Minerals and your health
Handbook of mineralogy. Volume 4, Arsenates, phosphates, vanadates
Management and conservation of marine resources : training programme : 16 July - 17 August 1990. Course volume 3.
Minerals : Their constitution and origin
Rocks and rock minerals
Minerals and rocks
Rocks, minerals & fossils of the world
Introduction to mineral sciences
Gemstone and mineral data book
Quantitative mineral resource assessment of platinum, palladium, gold, nickel, and copper in undiscovered PGE deposits in mafic-ultramafic layered intrusions in Finland
Electrochemical dissolution of pentlandite minerals
Hydrological and biogeochemical aspects of man-made forests in south-central Java, Indonesia
The illustrated guide to rocks & minerals : how to find, identify and collect the world's most fascinating specimens, featuring over 800 stunning photographs and artworks
Quantitative mineral resource assessments : an integrated approach
Testing the rational expectations competitive storage hypothesis
The early proterozoic Zn-Cu-Pb sulphide deposit of Rauhala in Ylivieska, western Finland
Bone mineral measurements using the gamma ray attenuation method : In vitro and vivo studies with special reference to the mineral density of the distal radius
The complete illustrated guide to minerals, rocks & fossils of the world
The lanthanoid content of some minerals from the Pyörönmaa pegmatite in Kangasala, Finland
Geology, geochemistry and mineralogy of two Archean nickel-copper deposits in Suomussalmi, eastern Finland
Handbook of flotation reagents. Volume 3 : chemistry, theory and practice : flotation of industrial minerals
Geomathematics : theoretical foundations, applications and future developments
Energy, minerals, and western security
Comparison of Thermal Insulation Materials
Environmental impact of soil component interactions. Vol. 1, Natural and anthropogenic organics
Our mineral resources : an elementary textbook in economic geology
The Macdonald encyclopedia of rocks & minerals
A guide to the minerals of Switzerland
Nutrient and light availability to white spruce seedlings in partial and clearcut harvested aspen stands
International minerals cartels and embargoes : policy implications for the United States
The complete encyclopedia of minerals : description of over 600 minerals from around the world
Enlargement of the environmental management system : including the production plants of Nakkila and Säkylä into the ISO 14001 system
Molecular basis of human nutrition
Rocks & minerals : the definitive visual guide
Sphalerite geobarometry of some metamorphosed sulphide ore deposits in Finland
Tables for the determination of minerals by means of their physical properties, occurrences, and associates
The healthy diet calorie counter
The illustrated encyclopedia of minerals and rocks
Dirtmeister's nitty gritty planet Earth : all about rocks, minerals, fossils, earthquakes, volcanoes, & even dirt!
Temperature dependence of the intra-crystalline cation distribution in some iron-containing spinels
Atlas of mineral resources of the ESCAP region. Volume 2, Solomon Islands : explanatory brochure
This book brings together in one, compact volume all aspects of the available information about the iron oxides. It presents a coherent, up to date account of the properties, reactions and mechanisms of formation of these compounds. In addition, there are chapters dealing with iron oxides in rocks and soils, as biominerals and as corrosion products together with methods of synthesis and the numerous application of these compounds. Their role in the environment is also discussed. The authors are experts in the field of iron oxides and have worked on all the topics covered. Much recent data from the authors' own laboratories is included and opportunities for further research are indicated. Special features are the electron micrographs and colour plates together with the many different spectra used to illustrate properties and aspects of behaviour. Numerous tables and graphs enable trends and relationships to be seen at a glance. The book concludes with an extensive bibliography. This book should prove invaluable to industry and to all researchers who, whatever their background and level of experience, are interested in this rapidly expanding field. It is an essential volume for any scientific library and is now in its second, completely revised and extended edition!
Are you what you eat?
Dissolution mechanisms of albite and hornblende, and of calcite in sandstone
On the geology and mineralogy of the occurrence of native antimony at Seinäjoki, Finland
Atlas of mineral resources of the ESCAP region. Volume 1 , Malaysia : explanatory brochure
High-rate ferric sulfate generation and chalcopyrite concentrate leaching by acidophilic microorganisms
Preliminary study of the determination of platinum group elements in coke samples
Utilization of recycled mineral wool as filler in wood plastic composites
Particle size distribution and suspension stability in aqueous submicron grinding of CaCO3 and TiO2
Modelling of adsorption on surfaces : interaction of sulfhydryl collectors with Cu+, Cu2+, Zn2+ and Pb2+ ions and PbS surface
Glossary of mineral species 1991
Thermodynamic study of the FeO-MgO-Al[sub 2]O[sub 3]-SiO[sub 2] system : data assessment and phase diagram calculation
Minerals and how to study them
Proterozoic primary kaolin deposits at Virtasalmi, south-eastern Finland
The preparation of thin sections of rocks, minerals and ceramics
Mineralogy for students
Mining industry in the Estonian SSR
The morphology of calcite crystals in the Mežica mines
Dual-energy digital radiography in the assessment of bone characteristics
Nexus ops
Crystal identifier
Diversity of environmental biogeochemistry
Management and conservation of marine resources : training programme : 16 July - 17 August 1990. Course volume 5.
FTIR and flotation investigation of adsorption of diethyl dithiophosphate on sulfide minerals
Handbook of seismic properties of minerals, rocks and ores
Suomen mineraalien hakemisto = Index of Finnish minerals with bibliography
Minerals, rocks, and gemstones
Consuming the Congo : war and conflict minerals in the world's deadliest place
Froth flotation : 50th anniversary volume
Biogeochemistry in mineral exploration
Collins photo guide to rocks, minerals and gemstones
Gems & crystals : an illustrated guide to the history, lore and properties of gems & minerals
General and international mineral policy : focus: Europe
The nomenclature of minerals : a compilation of IMA reports
Identification and qualitative chemical analysis of minerals
Unearthing conflict : corporate mining, activism, and expertise in Peru
Chemistry of soil solutions
Remote sensing of natural resources
Case studies illustrating environmental practices in mining and metallurgical processes
Rocks and minerals : facts at your fingertips
Wonders of rocks and minerals
Cram101 textbook outlines to accompany: Remote sensing of the environment : an earth resource perspective [by] Jensen, 1st edition
Nutrition and bone health
Advanced mineralogy. Volume 2, Methods and instrumentations : results and recent developments. A. S. Marfunin (ed.)
Minerals from Republic of Macedonia : with an introduction to mineralogy
Annual and seasonal changes in mineral contents (Ca, Mg, P, K and Na) of grazed clover-grass mixtures in organic farming
The clear skin cookbook : how the right food can improve your skin
