http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p236 research reports
research reports
Report on the Pacific Science Association
Ketteli people and the oil refinery : an empirical study of attitude formation and change
Research : how to plan, speak and write about it
Technical writing : a practical approach
Writing the new ethnography
How to write a research paper
Writing for academic journals
Essentials of marketing research : putting research into practice
A guidebook for writers of research papers in industrial management
Are trolls, bears and Sámis people too? : considering the mythic ethnography of Old Norse culture
The handbook of student skills
Summary in Estonian.
The research paper : process, form, and content
Capabilities for innovation activities : Impact study
Centre for Population Biology Scientific Report 1996-1998
How to write and illustrate a scientific paper
Proposal-writing for a research project, thesis and dissertation : a step-by-step guide to research proposal-writing for a research project, thesis and dissertation
Textual changes in translation : an analysis of moves, themes and hedges in technical research reports
Summing up : the science of reviewing research
Value-related tissue product studies : Georgia-Pacific Nordic Oy
Technical writing : process and product
Fieldwork in educational settings : methods, pitfalls, and perspectives
How to design and report experiments
Brief studies in computer science (fall 2003)
Critical reading : making sense of research papers in life sciences and medicine
Research Methods for Business : a skill-building approach
Conducting Educational Research, Sixth Edition addresses the major components of research design and methodology. The early chapters of the text describe the process of selecting a problem, reviewing the literature, constructing a hypothesis, identifying and labeling variables, and constructing operational definitions. The later chapters assist students in refining methodological procedures, analyzing data, and writing the final research report. Additionally, sample studies are included as models of acceptable published research and serve as a guide against which students may evaluate their own work. Changes in New Edition *More illustrations, tables, figures, and bulleted lists to enhance understanding *More and simpler explanations of complex process *A greater balance between the various approaches to research, ranging from experimental to qualitative, with causal-comparative, survey, and evaluation in-between Part I *Expanded to include additional ethical considerations when conducting research. Part II: *Renamed Carrying out Fundamental Steps of Research *Additional details regarding measurement and observation *Expanded discussion of the application of design criteria Part III: *Renamed Carrying out Quantitative Research *Additional chapters on experimental research, correlational and causal-comparative research, survey research, and evaluation research.
Young artists in residencies : gaining confidence
Brainstorms and blueprints : teaching library research as a thinking process
"This collection presents and analyzes inquest records that tell the stories of ordinary Korean people under the Chosŏn court (1392-1910). Extending the study of this period, usually limited to elites, into the realm of everyday life, each inquest record includes a detailed postmortem examination and features testimony from everyone directly or indirectly related to the incident. The result is an amazingly vivid, colloquial account of the vibrant, multifaceted societal and legal cultures of early modern Korea. Sun Joo Kim is the Harvard-Yenching Professor of Korean History at Harvard University. Jungwon Kim is assistant professor of Korean history at Columbia University; 'This book provides an extremely rare view into social interactions among people of quite different classes in Chosŏn Korea. Points of interest abound'--Robert E. Hegel, Washington University, St. Louis; 'This is an important contribution that significantly advances our knowledge of nineteenth-century Korean legal history. The translated cases shine by being able to introduce daily struggles of non-elites and illustrate the complex dynamics of the judiciary system during the last century of the Chosŏn dynasty'--Jisoo Kim, George Washington University"--
Health & well-being in tourism destination 2012-2014 : work package 4 : research report
Research reports No. 13-21 : Department of psychology, Institute of pedagogics = Tutkimusselosteet No. 13-21 : Psykologian laitos, Jyväskylän kasvatusopillinen korkeakoulu
The Research project : how to write it
Publication and citation performance of Finnish cardiovascular groups
A researcher's companion : postgraduate study in the biological sciences
Doing research
The purpose of this thesis was to produce two value-related product studies: a cost-in-use product research and an image research, for the tissue manufacturer Georgia-Pacific Nordic Oy. The subject of the thesis was topical as the Lotus Professional product family had recently been renewed. Studies of these kinds had not been done for several years and had not been done at all for the current products. The studies were meant to support the sales, marketing and product development of Lotus Professional products. The theoretical framework consists of literature on marketing research, cost-in-use research and value-based marketing. These sections enlighten the research methods and help understanding how to take advantage of the findings. Altogether eight kitchen tissue products were tested in a fast food restaurant kitchen in the city centre of Tampere in the summer of 2010. Tests covered seven of Georgia-Pacific's own Lotus Professional products and a Metsä Tissue Katrin product, which was in use in the restaurant at that time.  The cost-in-use study was carried out as an observation research, which measured the disparities between the consumption of these eight products. In a separate survey the employees of the same restaurant were asked about different features of kitchen tissues that they value. These studies did not address the issue of product pricing. The studies gave quite parallel information about the rank order of the test objects. It seemed that small consumption volumes go along with the positive images that the products evoke. Small consumption is, in fact, also one of the most valued qualities of kitchen tissue products.
A guide to research for podiatrics
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 9, Scientic writing : course book
Research papers for dummies
Understanding nursing research : reading and using research in practice
Industrial technologies for business : project synthesis reports from 1994 to 1996
The Abu Ghraib investigations : the official reports of the independent panel and Pentagon on the shocking prisoner abuse in Iraq
Quantitative research in industrial management : proceedings of the scientific writing seminar held in Lappeenranta in June 2010
Writing with a thesis : a rhetoric and reader
Making sense : a student's guide to research and writing: life sciences
Writing up research : experimental research report writing for students of ESL/EFL : teacher's manual
Communicate science papers, presentations, and posters effectively
PISA 2006 : technical report
Pilgrims' reflections on the Camino de Santiago and Glastonbury as expressions of vernacular religion : fieldworker's perspective
Writing research papers : a complete guide
New Generation Paper Technology Programme 1992-1996 : final report
Wrongful deaths : selected inquest records from nineteenth-century Korea
Publication manual of the American Psychological Association
Study guide to accompany Nursing research : principles and methods
Surviving your dissertation : a comprehensive guide to content and process
Media research techniques
Writing math research papers : a guide for students and instructors
The essential guide : research writing across the disciplines
Georelief, its origin and development in the coastal area between Pori and Uusikaupunki, south-western Finland
Lactose malabsorption in Finnish Lapps: preliminary report
Planning your dissertation
Completing dissertations in the behavioral sciences and education
Composing qualitative research
500 tips for getting published : a guide for educatrors, researchers and professionals
How to write a paper
Research methods for political science : quantitative and qualitative methods
Reading and understanding research
Meeting future needs of Finnish working life through a healthy workforce : 2009 international evaluation of the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health
Summary.
Family matters : parents living with children in old age
A student's quide to methodology : justifying enquiry
MLA handbook for writers of research papers
Writing essays & reports
Research methodology : a step-by-step guide for beginners
English summaries of Finnish research reports in education : an evaluative study
Guidelines for essays and assignments, term papers and take-home examinations, proseminar and seminar papers, research papers, pro gradu theses..
Conducting educational research
Starting research : an introduction to academic research and dissertation writing
Abstract: Grief research in Finland.
The research project : how to write it
Exploring marketing research
Guide to publishing a scientific paper
Seasonal snow in Antarctica : data report
How to Write and Publish a Scientific Paper
The psychology research handbook : a guide for graduate students and research assistants
"This concise guide equips undergraduate students with the basic knowledge for doing research. Providing direct, practical advice, this well-presented book covers planning, groundwork, research design, fieldwork, analysis and writing up"--
Capabilities for innovation activities : impact study
Tekes, the Finnish Funding Agency for Technology and Innovation, is the most important  public financier for research, development and innovation in Finland. Tekes's achievement of its objectives is monitored through impact analyses and studies. This report describes how Tekes has succeeded in building capabilities for innovation activities, which is one of its key objectives. This objective is also strongly linked with those associated with competence base and internationalization of innovation activities. The given assignment was especially challenging because there are no proven methodologies available to measure the impact of public financed actions in capability building. Capabilities for innovation cannot be easily quantified but have to be observed  indirectly. Thus establishing valid causal relationship is difficult and measuring the development of innovation capabilities is prone to misinterpretations. The study was carried out by doctor Johan Wallin and his team at Synocus Ltd. A great deal of their work, as well as discussions at the steering group, was devoted to developing a conceptual model for understanding the role of development activities in innovation capability building. The evaluation team succeeded in producing a conceptual framework that serves well the evaluation of the Tekes's operations impact. The applied methodology might provide a useful tool for future analyses of innovation policy impact as well.
Research reports no. 26-31 : Department of psychology, Institute of pedagogies = Tutkimusselosteet no. 26-31 : Psykologian laitos, Jyväskylän kasvatusopillinen korkeakoulu
The student's guide to preparing dissertations and theses
Study skills for academic writing : Student's book
Global design watch 2010
The encyclopedia of vitamin E
How to design surveys
A brief guide to writing academic arguments
Research design : qualitative, quantitative, and mixed method approaches
Effective technical communication
Muses and measures : empirical research methods for the humanities
Researching and writing in the social sciences
The sociology student writer's manual
The writing scholar : studies in academic discourse
The Hole : another look at the sinking of the Estonia Ferry on September 28th 1994
Vegetation and ecology of the Tanzanian montane and rain forests
Making sense : a student's guide to research and writing : religious studies
From the Publisher: With millions of copies sold, the Publication Manual of the American Psychological Association is the style manual of choice for writers, editors, students, educators, and professionals in psychology, sociology, business, economics, nursing, social work, and justice administration, and other disciplines in which effective communication with words and data is fundamental. In addition to providing clear guidance on grammar, the mechanics of writing, and APA style, the Publication Manual offers an authoritative and easy-to-use reference and citation system and comprehensive coverage of the treatment of numbers, metrication, statistical and mathematical data, tables, and figures for use in writing, reports, or presentations. The new edition has been revised and updated to include: The latest guidelines and examples for referencing electronic and online sources; New and revised guidelines for submitting papers electronically; Improved guidelines for avoiding plagiarism; Simplified formatting guidelines for writers using up-to-date word-processing software; All new guidelines for presenting case studies; Improved guidelines for the construction of tables; Updates on copyright and permissions issues for writers. New reference examples for audiovisual media and patents; An expanded and improved index for quick and easy access; Writers, scholars, and professionals will also find: New guidelines on how to choose text, tables, or figures to present data; Guidelines for writing cover letters for submitting articles for publication, plus a sample letter; Expanded guidelines on the retention of raw data; New advice on establishing written agreements for the use of shared data; New information on the responsibilities of co-authors.
A practical guide to writing for psychology
Writing reports
VOC Anniversary Shipwreck Project : Report on the excavation of the Dutch East Indiaman Vliegent Hart, July-August 2000
Kuopion yliopiston julkaisuohjeet = Kuopio University guidelines for authors and editors
How to write about the social sciences
Writing a thesis : substance and style
Writing up research : experimental research report writing for students of English
The elements of technical writing
Making sense : a student's guide to research and writing : geography and environmental sciences
Writing research papers : a practical guide
