http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23617 extreme phenomena
extreme phenomena
Extreme weather and climate events, interacting with exposed and vulnerable human and natural systems, can lead to disasters. This Special Report explores the social as well as physical dimensions of weather- and climate-related disasters, considering opportunities for managing risks at local to international scales. SREX was approved and accepted by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) on 18 November 2011 in Kampala, Uganda.
Life on the edge: structural studies of the extremophilic viruses P23-77 and STIV2
The book of barely imagined beings
Extreme weather : a guide to surviving flash floods, tornadoes, hurricanes, heat waves, snowstorms, tsunamis, and other natural disasters
Extreme weather and climate
Extreme weather impact on transport systems
As China goes, so goes the world : how Chinese consumers are transforming everything
Wacky sports
What makes the 21st century different from the 20th century? This century is the century of extremes -- political, economic, social, and global black-swan events happening with increasing frequency and severity. Book of Extremes is a tour of the current reality as seen through the lens of complexity theory - the only theory capable of explaining why the Arab Spring happened and why it will happen again; why social networks in the virtual world behave like flashmobs in the physical world; why financial bubbles blow up in our faces and will grow and burst again; why the rich get richer and will continue to get richer regardless of governmental policies; why the future of economic wealth and national power lies in comparative advantage and global trade; why natural disasters will continue to get bigger and happen more frequently; and why the Internet - invented by the US -- is headed for a global monopoly controlled by a non-US corporation. It is also about the extreme innovations and heroic innovators yet to be discovered and recognized over the next 100 years.Complexity theory combines the predictable with the unpredictable. It assumes a nonlinear world of long-tailed distributions instead of the classical linear world of normal distributions. In the complex 21st century, almost nothing is linear or normal. Instead, the world is highly connected, conditional, nonlinear, fractal, and punctuated. Life in the 21st century is a long-tailed random walk - Levy walks -- through extreme events of unprecedented impact. It is an exciting time to be alive.
Shock tactics and extreme strategies : affectivity and transgression in late twentieth-century extreme fiction
Climate extremes and society
Climate and human migration : past experiences, future challenges
A student guide to climate and weather. 1, Weather extremes
Weather's greatest mysteries solved!
Book of extremes : why the 21st century isn't like the 20th century
From fluid dynamics to human psychology : what drives financial markets towards extreme events
Climate wars : why people will be killed in the twenty-first century
Abstract: Cost-benefit analysis of climate change induced extreme events as part of public decision making : Final project report of Irtoriski.
Discover the savage world
The dark net
Managing the risks of extreme events and disasters to advance climate change adaption
Applied agrometeorology
X-events : the collapse of everything
Extreme speech and democracy
ISIS : the state of terror
