http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p237 reports (publications)
reports (publications)
Financial reporting 1992-93 : a survey of UK reporting practice
DHL Finland : finance operations improving the month end closing process
Finncell : sales organization for the wood pulp industry in Finland
Strategic Rail Research Agenda 2020 : first report of the European Rail Research Advisory Council : a turning point for European Rail Research
Crystal reports XI for developers
Easy learning writing
The churches in international affairs : reports 1991-1994
A tested method of laboratory organisation
Heritage at risk : ICOMOS world report 2001/2002 on monuments and sites in danger = Patrimoine en péril : ICOMOS rapport mondial 2001/2002 sur des monuments et des sites en  péril = Patrimonio en peligro: ICOMOS informe mundial 2001/2002 sobre monumentos y sitios en peligro
Writing a report : A step-by-step guide to effective report writing
Company financial reporting : an introduction for non accountants
Abstract: The theme of this thesis was to develop a financial reporting package for case company which is operating as a resource management company in the energy sector. The aim of development project was to produce financial information of the case company which serves and supports management decision-making. The management of the company will get information as result of the reporting package of budgeting, financial result and profitability as well as their comparison with the data. Also, awareness of cash management and financial situation add information value of the financial position of the company. The development project was done by qualitative research method. Data collection was done by using earlier researched material of the topic as well as theme interviews and questionnaires. The aim was to develop a reporting package which corresponds to the case company's requirements and needs. The focus of the study was in internal accounting.  The theory of the development project was based on both written and electronic literature, industry publications and an industry expert interview. The interview based on the interviewees' own expertise point of view. The theory part was focusing to the financial accounting reports relating to the contents and purpose of them. Internal accounting reports were focusing to the requirements of the company management. Also process of a development project was part of the theory. The data was collected from an accounting program, the theme interviews and discussions with the CEO of the case company. The CEO was part of the development project by defining the management needs and requirements for the financial reporting package. The interviews and discussions were focusing to the interviewee's user based and management work perspective. The research was analyzed and implemented to the reporting package.  The financial reporting package will be used as a management tool to support decision-making. The case company will use the reporting package by having customized information, increasing profitability and re-defining business strategies. The reporting package will be developed to form the current needs of the company in the future.
Atomic energy for military purposes : the official report on the development of the atomic bomb under the auspices of the United States Government, 1940-1945
Blue book of commercial sector : annual report on China's commercial sector (2009-2010)
Using crystal reports with SAP
Report format and signing of documents
Abstract.
Aviation psychological research : report of the XVI Conference of the Western European Association for Aviation-Psychology, Helsinki, Finland, June 24-28, 1985
Are trolls, bears and Sámis people too? : considering the mythic ethnography of Old Norse culture
Summary in Estonian.
The missionary obligation of the church : Willingen, Germany, July 5-17, 1952, International Missionary Council
Report of the Working Party on Status and Trends of Fisheries : Rome, 30 November-3 December 1999
The internationalisation of Finnish financial reporting between 1973 and 2005 - A historical analysis
Report of the Workshop on Data and Knowledge in Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas : Rome, 5-7 November 2007.
Estonia : second national report to the convention on biological diversity
Reduction of military budgets : refinement of international reporting and comparison of military expenditures
Conference report : the Old  Norse Folklorists Network's conference "Sagas, legends and trolls : the supernatural from early modern back to Old Norse tradition" : 12th-14th June 2014, Tartu, Estonia
How to write and publish engineering papers and reports
Financial reporting with SAP
Writing skills for technical students
Making sense : a student's guide to research and writing : social sciences
Minutes of proceedings second general assembly of the far eastern council of christian churches : Karuizawa, Japan : July 26 - Aug. 2, 1953
Fieldwork in educational settings : methods, pitfalls, and perspectives
Minutes of the second plenary congress of the International Council of Christian Churches : held in Geneva, Switzerland August 16-23, 1950.
Bird report. 3, 1970-1973
Study on church economy final report : submitted to the Commission on Church Cooperation April 1972
Creative report writing
Human Rights Watch world report. 2007, Events of 2006.
Critical reading : making sense of research papers in life sciences and medicine
Uppsala to Nairobi, 1968-1975 : Report of the Central Committee to the 5th Assembly of the World Council of Churches
How to write reports and proposals
Recording : guidelines for social workers
Minutes of proceedings : third Plenary Congress of the International Council of Christian Churches, Philadelphia U.S.A., August 3-12, 1954.
Finnish security and defence policy 2009 : government report
Financial reporting : an accounting revolution
Reaching key financial reporting decisions : how directors and auditors interact
Human Rights Watch world report. 2009, Events of 2008.
Writing to clients and referring professionals about psychological assessment results : a handbook of style and grammar
Baltic Sea sewage port reception facilities : HELCOM Overview 2014
Reference point-based methods : a new approach with two weight vectors
Two lectures : Stein Rokkan and the twentieth century social science : Den social rapporterings tidstypiska förankring
LWF round-up : 1980
Report forming in the Nokia Dx 200 switching system
Understanding corporate annual reports : a user's guide
Accidents : causes, investigation and prevention
European IFRS standards : 2012
Report of the twenty-third session, London, 19-23 April 1993.
Writing creative nonfiction : fiction techniques for crafting great nonfiction
Instructions for enterprises
Fundamentals of corporate finance
The Research project : how to write it
How to write a report : a step-by-step guide to effective report-writing
A researcher's companion : postgraduate study in the biological sciences
Financial reporting in Japan : regulation, practice and environment
Ministerial formation : report of the Consultation on Ministerial Formation Tagaytay City, Manila, Philippines7-10 July, 1979
Report of the Committee of Experts on the Application of Conventions and Recommendations : Report III (Part 4A) : third item on the agenda : information and reports on the application of conventions and recommendations
Partners in development : report of the Commission on International Development
Lithuania under German occupation : 1941-1945 : despatches from US legation in Stockholm
State of the world 1993 : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
Company financial reporting
Integrating SAP BusinessObjects XI 3.1 Tools with SAP NetWeaver
"I give you a future with hope" : documentation from the 2000 meeting of the Council of the Lutheran World Federation, 14-21 June 2000, Turku, Finland
Human Rights Watch world report. 2008, Events of 2007.
Report writing
Disclosure of risk : a comparative study of UK and German laws
Report writing for social workers
Physical activity guidelines advisory committee report, 2008
SBAR : Tool for Quality Reporting for Nursing Students
Business and administrative communication
Writing reports to get results : quick, effective results using the pyramid method
The social dimension in corporate responsibility reporting of largest European food retailers
Global priorities for youth : 6-10 October 2002 Helsinki, Finland
Are you struggling to meet your coursework deadlines? Finding it hard to get to grips with your essay topics? Does your writing sometimes lack structure and style? Would you like to improve your grades? This text covers everything a student needs to know about writing essays and papers in the humanities and social sciences. Starting from the common difficulties students face, it gives practical examples of all the stages necessary to produce a good piece of academic work: * interpreting assignment topics * drawing on your own experience and background * reading analytically and taking efficient notes * developing your argument through introductions, middles and conclusions * evaluating and using online resources * understanding the conventions of academic culture * honing your ideas into clear, vigorous English. This book will provide you with all the tools and insights you need to write confident, convincing essays and coursework papers.
Reporting in Tekla Structures
Soviet-occupied Estonia 1959 : monthly reports
Human development report 2009 Overcoming barriers : human mobility and development
Pilgrims' reflections on the Camino de Santiago and Glastonbury as expressions of vernacular religion : fieldworker's perspective
Evanston to New Delhi : 1954-1961 : report of the Central Committee to the Third Assembly of the World Council of Churches
Development of reporting in a case company
Success in communication
Converting Oracle reports to BI Publisher process and results
The concept of death : summary
Wiley IFRS 2010 : interpretation and application of international financial reporting standards
Innovation and quality management : fieldwork project 9.-14.8.1999
Understanding financial statements
Handbook of Alaska; : its resources, products, and attractions in 1924,
Report of the Committee of Experts on the Application of Conventions and Recommendations (as of 31 December 2002) : Report III (Part 1A) : third item on the agenda : information and reports on the application of conventions and recommendations
"When we first meet U., the narrator of SATIN ISLAND, he is sitting in the airport at Turin, caught in a delay caused by a rogue airplane. Like everyone else in the waiting area, he is sifting through airport pages on his laptop, and then through news sites, social pages, corridors of trivia...until he happens to stumble on information about an image on a famous shroud in Turin. The image itself isn't even visible on the shroud; it only emerged when some amateur photographer looked at the negative of a shot he'd taken and saw the figure--Christ's body supine after crucifixion. Only in the negative: the negative became a positive. A few decades later when the shroud was radiocarbon dated, it turned out to come from no later than the mid-thirteenth century. But that didn't trouble the believers. Things like that never do. A "corporate ethnographer," U. is tasked with writing the Great Report. Yet at every turn, U. finds himself overwhelmed by the ubiquity of data, lost in a buffer zone and wandering through a crowd of apparitions. Meanwhile, Madison, the woman he is seeing, becomes increasingly elusive, much like the particulars in the case of the recent, highly-publicized parachutist's death, with which U. is obsessed. He also develops a perverse interest in oil spills, spending great amounts of time watching loops of clean up videos. As U. begins to wonder if perhaps the Great Report will remain a shapeless, oozing plasma, his senses are reawakened by an ominous dream of an apocalyptic cityscape. SATIN ISLAND is a novel that captures the way we experience the world today, our efforts to find meaning, to stay awake, and discern the narratives we think of as our lives"--
Structure and reference as text-making devices in reports written by secretarial students
European programme of national cultural policy reviews : comparative study
Nairobi to Vancouver 1975-1983 : report of the Central Committee to the sixth Assembly of the World Council of Churches
Workplace communication : process and product
Satin Island : a novel
Report of the Committee of Experts on the Application of Conventions and Recommendations : Report III (Part 1A) : third item on the agenda : information and reports on the application of conventions and recommendations
World social science report
Latvian state of the environmental : report '97
Video journalism for the web : a practical introduction to documentary storytelling
Essays on internal control and external auditing in the context of financial reporting quality
Guidelines for project reporting
Developments in financial reporting
Sustainability in supply chains : a content analysis of sustainability reports in the brewing industry
A student's writing guide : how to plan and write successful essays
LWF round-up : 1981
Successful lab reports : a manual for science students
Professional writing
Development of financial reporting package for management work
Wiley IFRS 2016 is your one-stop resource for understanding and implementing the current International Financial Reporting Standards as dictated by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). Fully updated to cover the latest standards and IFRIC interpretations, this book provides clear and concise explanation alongside practical implementation guidance.
Every man in this village is a liar : an education in war
Grey literature in social science : a concise review of literature
An explanation of the unusual behavior of some market model residuals
Meeting future needs of Finnish working life through a healthy workforce : 2009 international evaluation of the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health
Crystal Reports 2008 : the complete reference
The social return ToI project : a report on the development and implementation of a multi-disciplinary approach to rehabilitation and integration
Summary.
Improving financial reporting using XBRL : opportunities and challenges
Soviet-occupied Estonia 1962 : monthly reports
Report of the twenty-fourth session of GESAMP, New York, 21-25 March 1994.
The reorganisation of surveillance and reporting system of food and water borne outbreaks in Finland
Seminar-workshop report - repetition with a twist : Parallelism in verbal art and performance : 26th-27th May 2014, Helsinki, Finland
Technical communication
Human Rights Watch world report. 2011, Events of 2010.
Third assembly preparatory commissions papers : [Spittal, Australia, August 10-12, 1959]
The churches in international affairs : reports 1995-1998
Business in society or business and society: the construction of business society relations in responsibility reports from a critical discursive perspective
The mature student's guide to writing
Soviet-occupied Estonia 1961 : monthly reports
Pocket book of technical writing for engineers and scientists
Qt Quality Visualization
The meaning of life : a multifaith consultation : Mauritius 25 January - 3 February 1983
The cash flow statement under scrutiny : six problem areas that make it less useful than it could be
Wiley 2013 interpretation and application of International Financial Reporting Standards
"This book represents a natural evolution from the author's work with editing assessment reports and is specifically structured to meet the writing and communicating needs of the psychologist assessor. A combination of reference book and tutorial, Writing to Clients elucidates the qualities that create a writer's unique presence on the page with illustrations of correct English grammar, and is appropriate for graduate psychology students and for practicing professionals. In addition to style and grammar, the author details how to write less formal reports in letter form and to write a therapeutic story as an extension of the report for child, teenager, or adult".
Guide to publishing a scientific paper
Nowadays dealing with data is a daily routine for both individuals and organizations, where this data is stored in all kind of formats. By the increase of the data size day after day, it is more and more complicated for IT staff to deal with the reporting challenges that appear when people want to create reports based on the data, All this causes the increase of time consuming and costs. Reports are used mainly for getting useful information from a stored data, and to do so there are a wide variety of reporting tools provided by many IT companies. Oracle stays the leader on the world market, because it provides the most complete, open, and integrated business software and hardware systems for its customers. One of the well-known reporting tools provided by Oracle is Oracle Reports, which enables businesses to provide instant access to information to all levels in a scalable and secure environment, yet facing new reporting challenges such as diverse requirements, complex infrastructure, maintenance's, more and more Oracle reports users are moving to a new reporting tool namely Oracle BI Publisher.  The purpose of this thesis is to convert several Oracle Reports to BI publisher for Dianti Oy as a first part of the task, starting with the conversion of the reports from RDF format to XML format. Here two converting methods were used, to create a data template based on the XML report. The third stage was creating an RTF template for the converted report by using Oracle Template Builder. The second part of the thesis deal in creating BI Publisher reports based on the converted RDF reports and the different report formats' output that can be published by extracting data just one time. Working on this task was a major challenge during its process, but as a result the objectives of the project were achieved by converting Oracle report to the new environment. This is added value for the client where the results will be used as a base to do further report converting.
Report writing in business : the effective communication of information
Carrier Performance Rating System
Reporting results : a practical guide for engineers and scientists
Human Rights Watch world report. 2010, Events of 2009.
Human identity in nature, science and society : L'identité de l'homme dans la nature, la science et la société = Die identität des Menschen in Natur, Wissenschaft und Gesellschaft : report on a consultation
World social science report : knowledge divides
Capabilities for innovation activities : impact study
Findings of the Third Hunan Missionary Conference : including an account of the conference, an historical sketch of mission work in Hunan, statistics of present missionary occupation with map and missionary directory : Changsha, June 24th to 27th, 1913.
Microsoft Dynamics NAV : jump start to optimization
Tekes, the Finnish Funding Agency for Technology and Innovation, is the most important  public financier for research, development and innovation in Finland. Tekes's achievement of its objectives is monitored through impact analyses and studies. This report describes how Tekes has succeeded in building capabilities for innovation activities, which is one of its key objectives. This objective is also strongly linked with those associated with competence base and internationalization of innovation activities. The given assignment was especially challenging because there are no proven methodologies available to measure the impact of public financed actions in capability building. Capabilities for innovation cannot be easily quantified but have to be observed  indirectly. Thus establishing valid causal relationship is difficult and measuring the development of innovation capabilities is prone to misinterpretations. The study was carried out by doctor Johan Wallin and his team at Synocus Ltd. A great deal of their work, as well as discussions at the steering group, was devoted to developing a conceptual model for understanding the role of development activities in innovation capability building. The evaluation team succeeded in producing a conceptual framework that serves well the evaluation of the Tekes's operations impact. The applied methodology might provide a useful tool for future analyses of innovation policy impact as well.
Commission on the status of women : report on the twenty-fifth session 14 January - 1 February 1974 : economic and social council, official records: fifty-sixth session
Making sense : a student's guide to research and writing in engineering and the technical sciences
Training translators and interpreters: new directions for the milleneum. University of Vic, Spain, 12-15, 1999.
Report on the ... session
Collins COBUILD English guides. 5, Reporting
Wiley 2016 interpretation and application of International Financial Reporting Standards
Effective writing : a handbook for accountants
Laitteissa käytettävät kuvatunnukset : terminologia = Graphical symbols for use on equipment : terminology
Power tools for technical communication
Estonian human development report 1997
Report writing for business
Economic conditions in Estonia, December 1935
Lishi de xiongbian : Zhongguo jingji 1949-1988 nian su miao = A sketch of Chinese economy, 1949-1988
Improving writing skills : memos, letters, reports, and proposals
Minutes of the first general assembly of the far Eastern Council of Christian Churches : convened at The First Baptist Church : Manila, Philippines, Nov. 25 - Dec. 2, 1951.
Index : to ecumenical statements and World Council of Churches official reports 1948-1967
Annual report on the work of the organization 2001
Corporate governance: reporting on internal financial control
Standards and controls in food service
The report of the second World Conference of Christian Youth, Oslo, Norway, July 22 to 31, 1947
Write in style : a guide to good english
The unity of the church and the unity of mankind : a study document of the Commission on Faith and Order
Soviet-occupied Estonia 1960 : monthly reports
Financial reporting, financial statement analysis, and valuation : a strategic perspective
Forestry into words
Business communication
