http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23741 resolution (optics)
resolution (optics)
Studies scale issues from three interrelated perspectives: land surface properties, patterns, and processes. Addresses the impact of new frontiers in Earth observation technology (high-resolution, hyperspectral, Lidar sensing, and their synergy with existing technologies) and advances in remote sensing imaging science (object-oriented image analysis and data fusion).
Image super-resolution and applications
Cult of real-time image : understanding the hardcore
Fundamental Mathematics and Physics of Medical Imaging
Spectral imaging from UAVs under varying illumination conditions
Scale issues in remote sensing
High-quality visual experience : creation, processing and interactivity of high-resolution and high-dimensional video signals
Decomposing the co-movement of the business cycle : a time-frequency analysis of growth cycles in the euro area
Image restoration : fundamentals and advances
Construction of high-quality ECG recording system
"Addressing a variety of applications, this book covers a wide range of topics pertaining to image restoration. Topics covered include image denoising, document image analysis, remote sensing applications, and image formation modeling. Content also addresses blind image restoration, iterative optimization techniques, learning-based image restoration, and non-local approach, as well as super-resolution, multi-spectral restoration, and video inpainting. Contributors from various countries help readers understand the essentials, the state of the art, and the research directions. The text features background material, mathematical content, a survey of the methods, examples, comparisons, and a bibliography".
"Preface We know what you are asking yourself. There are a lot of books available in image processing so what is novel in this book?' We can summarize the answer with the following points 1. This book is devoted to the issue of obtaining high-resolution images from single or multiple low-resolution images. 2. You always see different algorithms for image interpolation and super-resolution without a common thread between the two processes. This book presents interpolation as a building block in the super-resolution reconstruction process. 3. You see research papers on image interpolation either as a polynomial-based problem or an inverse problem without a comparison of the two trends. This book presents this comparison. 4. Two chapters are devoted to two complementary steps that are used to obtain high-resolution images. These steps are image registration and image fusion. 5. This book presents two directions for image super-resolution; super-resolution with a priori information and blind super-resolution. 6. This book presents applications for image interpolation and super-resolution in medical and satellite image processing. 7. MATLABʼ codes for most of the simulation experiments discussed in this book are included in Appendix D at the end of the book. Finally, we hope that this book will be helpful for the image processing community. MATLABʼ is a registered trademark of The MathWorks, Inc. For product information, please contact: The MathWorks, Inc. 3 Apple Hill Drive Natick, MA 01760-2098 USA Tel: 508-647-7000 Fax: 508-647-7001 E-mail: info@mathworks.com Web: www.mathworks.com".
Methods for facial expression recognition with applications in challenging situations
Contributions to the photographic study of colour, resolution and total magnitude of anagalactic objects
Prediction and evaluation of color halftone print quality based on microscopic measurement
Interaural intensity difference and ear advantage in listening to dichotic conconant-vowel syllable pairs
101 top tips for DSLR video
