http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23730 Finnish schools outside Finland
Finnish schools outside Finland
Aurinkolahden peruskoulun yleinen arkkitehtuurikilpailu = Aurinkolahti secondary school, open architectural competition
English summary.
Management education in a historical perspective : the business school question and its solution in Finland
Comprehensive school in Finland
Specialisation within the Finnish comprehensive school system : reasons and outcomes for equity and equality of opportunity
Contemporary architecture Finland
Zambia education sector : support programme 1991-1994 : projekt document
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
The Finnish senior secondary research project. 1, General presentation of the project and its original subjects
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Dr. Tony Wagner discusses the reasons for Finland's top performing students by examining the educational system through interviews with students, teachers, and administrators as well as classroom visits.
Internationalization and the invisible language? Historical phases and current policies in Finnish higher education
Management education in a historical perspective:the business school question and its solution in Finland
Educational strategies in Finland in the 1990s
Education in Finland : Basic education
Market Research to Develop the Promotional Activities of Savonia UAS in the Russian Market
Dimensions of internationl education in English medium classes. A case study of six international English medium classes in two Finnish towns May 2000
Some characteristics of school principals : a pilot investigation into cognitive styles and leadership conception of Finnish school principals
The education system of Finland 1994.
Educational development in Finland 1973-1975
Polytechnics in Finland : a brief guide
The national Finnish libraries information technology scenario 1997-2006
Executive summary (s. 11-12).
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education: the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
The use of communicative activities in English : a practical perspective
Teachers' views on the challenges, points for development and meaning of the Finnish Schools in the UK
Comparing the purchasing process in Finnish and Chinese University libraries
Language learning and cross-border cooperation, 8.-12.9.1999, Lappeenranta, Finland : Finnish EU presidency conference : conference report
The Finland phenomenon : inside the world's most surprising school system
Managing international education in Finland : a case study of the University of Vaasa
The meaning and implications of a fragmented organizational identity : a case study of a Finnish university of applied sciences
The Finnish senior secondary research project. 2, Departure from junior secondary and transfer to senior secondary
Teachers' perspectives on Finnish school education : creating learning environments
Negotiating identity and tradition in single-faith religious education : a case study of Islamic education in Finnish schools
Evaluation of the equal opportunities in the Finnish comprehensive school 1998-2001
The New Order: Improving the Internationality in the International Business Degree Programme. Case Savonia University of Applied Sciences
The question of university administration in Finland 1969-1970
Education for sustainable development in Finland
Finnish universities
Abstract: The meaning and implications of a fragmented organizational identity.
"With all the spices, please!" : a study of the students in the Finnish study programmes using Finnish as their second language
A human vision with higher education perspective : institutional evaluation of the Humanistic Polytechnic
The best school in the world : seven Finnish examples from the 21st century
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
Facts about Finland
This book combines several perspectives on the steps the Finnish educational system has taken to provide students with the skills and competences needed for living in today's society and in the future. The ecosystem is used as a metaphor for the educational system. The Finnish system aims to achieve sustainable education by ensuring that the system is simultaneously interconnected and open to transformations. The book describes how a flexible curriculum system is succeeding without the pressures of high-stake testing. It also illustrates how the ongoing curriculum reform of the basic education is working. The book brings together knowledge gained in schools through the cooperation of researchers, teachers, school principals, the public sector, and private companies. The book presents case studies of technology integration aimed at crossing boundaries in formal and informal learning settings, locally and globally. The contributors address 21st-century needs and requirements through learner-driven knowledge creation, collaboration, networking, and digital literacies. It opens new scenarios of how to apply digital storytelling and games connecting fun, motivation, and learning. The strong message is that, through collaboration and networking, we can create an educational ecosystem that supports different learners.
Pro patria : about national defense education and what it could be in the Finnish school system
Problémes universitaires Finlandais = Finnish university problems
Classification, selection and schooling : special education in the Finnish school system in the 20th century
Myths, legends and folktales : water, the source of our Comenius Friendship
National or university library or both?
Comparison of Russian and Finnish educational systems at university level.  : Education in the field of HVAC.
PEB compendium of exemplary educational facilities
Do UNESCO schools in Finland prepare their students for the future? : a study of their school-based curriculums
Essays on the efficiency of schools and student achievement
Finnish pupils' communicative language use of English in interviews in basic education grades 1-6
School as a working environment : experiences and findings from the finnish schools
Pisa 06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
The conception of culture, interculture borderline and Finnishness : a case from Finnish basic education
CIMOś seminars on Finnish higher education : November 5 and 6, 1997 Embassy of Finland, Tokyo
Case studies of environmental education and networking in Finland and in Russia : a handbook sponsored by Interreg 2 (European Union)
Promotion of school community staff's occupational well-being in co-operation with occupational health nurses : participatory action research in Eastern Finland in 2001-2004
Comparison of strategies, methods and content in forestry education : An international comparative study
Summary (s. 9-11).
Higher education planning, budgeting and finance meet the sociological imagination : a study on national steering and financing mechanisms
New schools for Finland : a study in educational transformation
Reviews of national policies for education : Finland : higher education
Learning and instruction on multiple contexts and settings III : Proceedings of the Fifth Joensuu Symposium on Learning and Instruction
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Journalism and school shootings in Finland 2007-2008
Improving school leadership. Vol. 2, Case studies on system leadership
The Finnish education system and Pisa
Educational aims and the purposiveness of instruction : skeptical talks
Finnish innovations and technologies in schools : a guide towards new ecosystems of learning
Studying in Comprehensive School with Low Second Language Writing Proficiency
Physical education in Finnish schools
Comprehensive school in Finland : goals and an outline for a curriculum
The position of Finnish and Swedish as well as other languages at universities in Finland
