http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23708 biogerontology
biogerontology
Healthy aging and longevity : Third International Conference
An Introduction to Gerontology provides a wide-ranging introduction to this important topic. By assuming no prior expert knowledge and avoiding jargon, this book will guide students through all the main subjects in gerontology, covering both traditional areas, such as biological and social ageing, as well as more contemporary areas, such as technology, the arts, sexuality and education of older adults. An Introduction to Gerontology is written by a team of international authors with multidisciplinary backgrounds who draw evidence from a variety of different perspectives and traditions.
Gerontology : perspectives and issues
"With the world's population getting increasingly older, there has never been a more pressing need for the study of old age and ageing. An Introduction to Gerontology provides a wide-ranging introduction to this important topic. By assuming no prior expert knowledge and avoiding jargon, this book will guide students through all the main subjects in gerontology, covering both traditional areas, such as biological and social ageing, as well as more contemporary areas, such as technology, the arts, sexuality and education of older adults. An Introduction to Gerontology is written by a team of international authors with multidisciplinary backgrounds who draw evidence from a variety of different perspectives and traditions".
The many faces of health, competence and well-being in old age : integrating epidemiological, psychological and social perspectives
Biogerontology : mechanisms and interventions
Adult development & aging : biopsychosocial perspectives
Aging : concepts and controversies
An introduction to gerontology
This newest edition of a core graduate level textbook has added six new chapters to further enrich the “gerontological imagination,” and encourage an interdisciplinary approach to the study of aging. Academically rigorous yet clear and accessible, the text provides the most current findings from leading gerontological researchers and practitioners. New and updated chapters examine biology, exercise science/nutrition, communication science, geriatric medicine and nursing, demography, anthropology, economics, human development, psychology, political science, sociology, social work, and law, to provide broadly drawn perspectives on the study of aging. Special emphasis is placed on current challenges regarding policy and service delivery in the face of fiscal uncertainty. Additionally, this new edition covers international outlooks on aging given the increasing influence of globalization on individual lives. By interweaving knowledge from a broad range of disciplines, Wilmoth and Ferraro have created a comprehensive picture of gerontology today that will enhance course instruction and provide a new window into the future of the discipline.
