http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2371 songs
songs
Sea songs and shanties
The girl in the song : the real stories behind 50 classic pop songs
How to write songs on keyboards
Uncovers the unexplored history of the love song, from the fertility rites of ancient cultures to the sexualized YouTube videos of the present day, and discusses such topics as censorship, the legacy of love songs, and why it is a dominant form of modern musical expression.
English Song : Dowland to Purcell
Jimi Hendrix : the stories behind every song
Woolgathering
Hymn to Thaïs
Beyond the wall : exploring George R. R. Martin's A song of ice and fire, from A game of thrones to A dance with dragons
The Joy of song
I don't wanna be your Christmas tree
The big acoustic guitar chord songbook
Xhosa music: It's techniques and instruments, with a collection of songs
Songwriting : the words, the music and the money
Voices of the down and out : the Dust Bowl migration and the Great Depression in the songs of Woody Guthrie
Unprepared to die : America's greatest murder ballads and the true stories that inspired them
[Mother Machree]
Patti Smith tells real and imagined stories from her childhood.
Ghuran janzi boowu : Huzhu Mongghulni nantari = Three treasures : Huzhu Mongghul folklore = San jian baowu : Huzu tuzu minjian gushi
Blowin' in the wind
Evening prayer : anthems and sacred songs
Five Greek folk songs for voice and piano
The Life : music from a new musical
Message, meaning, and lessons in hip hop : "lessons are blessings you should learn through"
Boublil and Schönberg's Les misérables : piano, vocal
Songs from Rosseter's book of ayres
Canzonettas and songs for voice with piano accompaniment : 12 English canzonettas and 2 songs with German words... : 21 German songs
Uke tunes made easy : Large print edition
Healing sounds : the power of harmonics
A Fairy Tale, Op. 7 N:o 3
The art of song : grade 7 : low voice : songs and arias selected from the Singing Syllabus of the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music
A little touch of schmilsson in the night & more
Spark to a flame : music edition : lyrics section in the form of acetate masters
A lover sings : selected lyrics
Selected songs
English part songs & lute songs
Essential songwriting : everything you need to compose, perform and sell great songs
The complete idiots guide to the art of songwriting
St. Petersburg Court Chant and the tradition of Eastern Slavic church singing
Sing & learn Arabic!
Bible of butchery : Cannibal Corpse : the official biography
How to... write your first song
The frustrated songwriter's handbook : a radical guide to cutting loose, overcoming blocks, & writing the best songs of your life
Landscapes : for voice and piano
Extraordinary mode of singing by Finlanders
David Bowie: the stories behind the classic songs 1970-1980
The complete annotated Grateful Dead lyrics : the collected lyrics of Robert Hunter and John Barlow, lyrics to all original songs, with selected traditional and cover songs
Al Bowlly : 20 memorable songs
Love themes in the lyrics of Freddie Mercury
There Were Three Ravens :  Songs, rounds and catches by Thomas Ravenscroft
Like a rolling stone : Bob Dylan at the crossroads
Bob Dylan : the stories behind the songs 1962-1969
Bachianas Brasileiras no.5 : voice and piano
How to write songs on guitar : a guitar-playing and songwriting course
Always Coming Home
I saw mommy kissing Santa Claus
Here, there and everywhere : 100 best Beatles songs
Selections from Porgy and Bess : piano, vocal
Children's perception of emotion in music : a cross-cultural study
Boy in the song : the real stories behind 50 classic pop songs
The Broadway album : Piano, vocal, guitar
Fifty art songs from the modern repertoire : representing composers of fifteen nationalities
A Pilgrimes solace 1612 : (The Fourth Booke of Songs)
God bless America : the surprising history of an iconic song
Ruslan Russian songbook : Russian songs for learners : volume 1
The art of song : grade 6 : medium voice : songs selected from the Singing Syllabus of the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music
Lyrics : writing better words for your songs
30 songs : for voice and piano (Medium)
A monograph of oriental Cicadidæ. Part 1
The art of song : grade 8 : medium voice : songs and arias selected from the Singing Syllabus of the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music
Who did it first? : great rock and roll cover songs and their original artists
Donizetti : 20 songs : high
Heavenly swing
Sounds of the sixties : the stories behind the songs
Sing-song : a nursery rhyme book
This will end in tears : the miserabilist guide to music
The Little book of love lyrics
Pop goes the weasel : the secret meanings of nursery rhymes
Sister Act : original London cast recording
Sermons and devotions
Tougher than the rest : 100 best Bruce Springsteen songs
Strange fruit : the biography of a song
The spirit's song
Careless whispers : the life & career of George Michael
Electric Phoenix perform music by William Brooks, Roger Marsh and Henri Pousseur
Christmas songs
The giant guitar chord songbook : the unplugged collection
Writing better lyrics : the essential guide to powerful songwriting
Love songs : the hidden history
Everybody's favorite songs for high voice : vocal accompaniments. Vol. 2.
33 revolutions per minute : a history of protest songs
Mean to me
The Beatles lyrics : the unseen story behind their music
The art of song : grade 8 : high voice : songs and arias selected from the Singing Syllabus of the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music
The Monophonic Songs in the Roman de Fauvel
The art of song : grade 6 : low voice : songs and arias selected from the Singing Syllabus of the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music
Voice of an angel
Tom Waits on Tom Waits : interviews and encounters
The English and Scottish Popular Ballads : Child Ballads
Touch me, I'm sick : the 52 creepiest love songs you've ever heard
The art of song : grade 7 : high voice : songs and arias selected from the Singing Syllabus of the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music
1000 songwriting ideas
The art of song : grades 1-5 : high voice : songs selected from the Singing Syllabus of the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music
Born to run
Performances
Collected songs : medium / low voice : 60 songs
Poetry into song : performance and analysis of lieder
Old nurse's book of rhymes, jingles and ditties
Great Irish songs & ballads. Vol. 1
Under the coconut tree : Music from Grand Cayman and Tortola
The James Bond songs : pop anthems of late capitalism
Cabaret songs : audition songs for female singers
M train
Finnish vocal music. Volume 2
Songwriting success : how to write songs for fun and (maybe) profit : an introduction to the art and business of songwriting by one struggling singer-songwriter for the aid and comfort of other strugglers
Singing for dummies
Beginning songwriting : writing your own lyrics, melodies and chords
100 Irish Ballads. Volume 2 : Ireland's best loved songs and ballads / presented by Pat Conway
Music in motion : 22 songs in Signing Exact English for children
Don't cry for me Argentina : a tribute to Andrew Lloyd Webber
The world of ice & fire : the untold history of Westeros and the Game of Thrones
Songbird : chord songbook
A group of dinosaurs dance with their human friends.
Vocal chamber music : a performer's guide
Shanties from the Seven Seas : Shipboard work-songs and songs used as work-songs from the great days of sail
The people's songs : the story of modern Britain in 50 songs
Radio city album of bass songs : a varied collection of well-known solos for voice and piano
Rovings, sea songs and ballads
Coro
So this is permanence : Joy Division : lyrics and notebooks
The art of song : grade 8 : low voice : songs and arias selected from the Singing Syllabus of the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music
How the world wags : Social music for a 17th century Englishman
Sing the songs of Rodgers & Hart : [verse & chorus] : [for female vocalists]
Dead love, Op. 4 N:o 1
If you're happy and you know it!
The Usborne Christmas treasury
Fascinating rhythm : the collaboration of George and Ira Gershwin
Bachianas Brasileiras no.5 : for soprano and orchestra of violoncelli : voice and piano
1000 songs to change your life
The flamenco fanatic : the complete guide
How to write songs in altered guitar tunings
Work songs
Conference report : Jubilee seminar for the opening of the Runosong Academy : 8.-10.10.2010 Kuhmo, Finland
The Crazy woman
Whole world
Gyermekdalok európából : 46 négykezes zongoradarab kezdöknek = Kinderlieder aus Europa : 46 Klavierstücke für Anfänger zu vier Händen = Children's songs from Europe : 46 pieces for Piano duet for beginners
Melody : how to write great tunes
Kate Bush and Hounds of love
Dr Arne at Vauxhall Gardens
[Five mystical songs]
The roadside tavern
Red Hot Chili Peppers : the stories behind every song
What rhymes with bastard?
Cole
The Addams family : vocal selections
Creating melodies : a songwriter's guide to understanding, writing and polishing melodies
Hugo the Hare's rainy day
The Sound of Music Companion
Songwriting success : how to write songs for fun and (maybe) profit
Prolongation in early post-tonal music : analytical examples and theoretical priciples
More Christmas hits
Scene from a trance
Everybody's favorite songs for low voice : vocal accompaniments. Vol. 1.
Brahms's Lieder : an introduction to the songs for one and two voices
Jazz in the charts : accompanying book = Begleitbuch : complete index for the 100 CD series - 2211 tracks = komplettes Register zur 100 CD Serie - 2211 Tracks
The Busker's fake book : 1001 all-time hit songs
Songs in Go for it!3- text- and workbooks
The English and Scottish Popular Ballads. Vol. 2
Loves you for Christmas
Songs of labor & livelihood
Log cabin pioneers : Stories, songs & sayings
ALWAYS COMING HOME is not the story of the Kesh. Rather it is the stories of the Kesh - stories, poems, songs, recipes - ALWAYS COMING HOME is no less than an anthropological account of a community that does not yet exist, a tour de force of imaginative fiction by one of modern literature's great voices. First published 1985.
Harry Partch, hobo composer
Hail! Bright Cecilia : Ode for St Cecilia's day 1692 Z328
[Hymn to Thais]
The absolute essentials of songwriting success : from song dog to top dog : making it in the music business
The Elisabeth Schwarzkopf songbook
Fifty sides of The Beach Boys
Easy hits : An enjoyable introduction to ensemble singing!
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
The look of lyric : Greek song and the visual
I hate myself and want to die : the 52 most depressing songs you've ever heard
The Genius of natural childhood : secrets of thriving children
Star wars and 20 great movie hits
Eurovision song contest Helsinki 2007 : official program
Boys in the trees : a memoir
The cries of London
American Folk Music. Volume One : Ballads / edited by Harry Smith
Hyllyjen välissä hiljaa = Shelves full of treasures
Music, text and translation
U2 : the stories behind every U2 song
Out of Africa
The English and Scottish Popular Ballads. Vol. 3
Rodgers + Hammerstein's Cinderella : Broadway version : piano/vocal selections
