http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23747 introduced species
introduced species
Social ecology : society-nature relations across time and space
In vivo imaging of vascular adhesion protein-1 : preclinical studies with positron emission tomography
Prosopis, an alien among the sacred trees of South India
Recorded and potential alien invertebrate pests in Finnish agriculture and horticulture
100 alien invaders : [animals and plants that are changing our world]
Case histories on introduced species : their general biology, distribution, range expansion and impact
"Some 10 million species of plants, animals, and microbes are thought to inhabit the earth, but so far only about 1.5 million of these have been identified. A mere 15 of the approximately 250,000 known plant species provide the world's human population with about 90 percent of its food.1 These crops are wheat, rice, corn, rye, barley, soybeans, and common millet. Although these crops are now grown in nearly every nation, only one or two of these crop species originated in any specific country. Among animals, eight species currently provide the bulk of the meat, milk, and eggs consumed by humans. These leading livestock species are cattle, buffalo, sheep, goats, horses, camels, chickens, and ducks. Farms in the United States feed approximately 100 million cattle, 7 million sheep, and 9 billion chickens each year"--
The nature of Christianity in northern Tanzania : environmental and social change 1890-1916
The present study aimed at assessing the invasion of alien weed species in Finland based on a review of their occurrence in the Finnish weed flora. The evaluation was conducted for the three phases of the invasion process, i.e. introduction, naturalization and invasion. The literature review revealed that 815 alien weed species occur in Finland of which 314 are regarded as naturalized. Based on their occurrence in different climate zones, the risk of naturalization of new harmful alien weed species was deemed low for those species not currently found in Finland, but higher for species occurring as casual aliens in Finland. In the latter group, 10 species of concern were detected. Exploration of the distribution patterns of naturalized species within Finland revealed species occupancy to be dependent on the residence time of the species. Established neophytes can be expected to extend their ranges and to increase occupation of agricultural habitats in the future.
Weedy and invasive plant genomics
Management of Biological Invasions : international journal of applied research on biological invasions
The effect of climatic factors on wood anatomy of the alien red oak (Quercus rubra L.) growing in three experimental plantations in Latvia was assessed by classical dendrochronological techniques. Two tree-ring proxies - tree-ring width (TRW) and mean area of earlywood vessel lumen (VLA) - were studied on 33 trees. Annual variation of TRW amongst trees was similar (mean r = 0.46), but there was more individuality in VLA (mean r = 0.26); nevertheless, chronologies of both proxies had rather synchronous variation amongst the sites. Annual variation of TRW was affected by factors related to water deficit in late summer, as suggested by the negative effect of temperature and positive effect of precipitation that have intensified during the 20th century, likely due to warming. Although weather conditions during the dormant period did not directly affect TRW, temperature during the autumn-spring period has been the main climatic determinant of VLA likely via influence on overwintering and hence vigour of tree. This suggests that conductive properties of wood and hence the susceptibility to water deficit have been affected by weather conditions before the formation of tree rings. During the 20th century, sensitivity of VLA has shifted from temperature in winter to temperature in autumn likely due to climate change. Still, the positive effect of these factors suggests that warming of climate would increase VLA and hence the risk of embolism and xylem disfunction. Therefore, the importance of availability of water for growth of red oak in Latvia is increasing..
Contributions
Biodiversity economics
Bioeconomics of invasive species : integrating ecology, economics, policy, and management
Alien terrestrial arthropods of Europe. Pt. 1
Biological invasions : economic and environmental costs of alien plant, animal, and microbe species
Sequencing, De Novo Assembly and Annotation of the Colorado Potato Beetle, Leptinotarsa decemlineata, Transcriptome
Alien species in the Finnish weed flora
Abstract: Economic Aspects of Baltic Sea Protection.
Changes in the invasion level, and impact of alien plants in Finnish semi-natural agricultural habitats
Plant invasions in boreal agricultural habitats : the effect of environmental conditions, species traits and the impact on native diversity
Avian invasions : the ecology and evolution of exotic birds
A handbook of global freshwater invasive species
Aliens in your ship
A comparison of the impacts of introduced signal crayfish and native noble crayfish in boreal lake ecosystems
The ballast site of Lassdal was known for its exotic plants brought with soil from abroad by sailing ships. The ballast site was more or less abandoned already at the beginning of the 20th century, at the latest. However, several ballast plants grew in Lassdal in 1946. A few of them were still growing there in 2015. The vascular plant flora comprised 17 taxa of trees and shrubs and 59 field layer taxa in 2009-2015. The following are dealt with more in detail: Allium oleraceum, Arabis glabra, Campanula rapunculoides, Carex hirta, cf. Draba incana, Hercaleum sphondylium, Medi­cago lupulina var. willdenowiana, Melilotus albus, Stachys sylvatica and Viola odorata. Of these, Campanula rapunculoides, Stachys sylvatica and Viola odorata have not been observed earlier in Lassdal.
Test and performance requirements of IMO resolution 174 (58) for approval of ballast water treatment systems
Alien terrestrial arthropods of Europe. Pt. 2
City meadows : vitality from a living heritage
Introduced pathogens found on ornamentals, strawberry and trees in Finland over the past 20 years
Introduced species in European coastal waters
Fish out of place : evaluating the impact of fish introductions on freshwater ecosystems
Epilobium hirsutum L. is an introduced species in Finland with the first reliable findings made in the late 19th century. The number of new findings accumulated slowly during the period 1900-1929. From the 1930's onwards, the number of findings grew rapidly and E. hirsutum has been found in 153 grid squares of 10 km × 10 km size in the southern part of Finland until 2012. The first information of the species in the Åland Islands is a note in the literature from 1821 and the first collected specimen in the Åland Islands is from the municipality of Sund in 1873. However, both these are doubtful as they were not noticed in Finnish vascular plant floras later on. The first reliable finding is from 1973 and thereafter the localities with E. hirsutum increased with four more during the 1970's, eight new during the 1980's, fourteen new during the 1990's and 35 new localities during the period 2000-2013. It thrives chiefly in man-made habitats in the cultural landscape and the most common habitats in the Åland Islands seem to be roadsides and road ditches. Although E. hirsutum has expanded during the last fifty years in Åland, it is not common yet and it has not been found in most of the eastern archipelago area. As an immigrant in our flora, E. hirsutum is now well established in the Åland Islands and it will probably be more common in the future. However, it seems that it is not a harmful invasive weed in Åland..
Using dataset of 508 transects of 50 m², we assessed changes in the invasion level of alien plant species in semi-natural agricultural habitats in three study years (2001, 2005 and 2010) in four geographical regions of Finland. In addition, the impact of environmental factors on the occurrence of the most common neophytes (alien species introduced after the 17th century) and the impact of neophytes on native species diversity were studied. In total, 37 neophyte species were detected, but neophytes regarded as highly invasive were rare and occasional. We detected spatio-temporal variation in the invasion level, but it changed according to the measure used. For instance, alien species diversity was lower in south-western Finland than in other years in 2005, and the relative alien species richness was highest in southern and lowest in eastern Finland. Preferences for environmental conditions (disturbance, habitat type and geographical location) and the impact on plant diversity varied among the most common neophytes. The most common neophytes were positively rather than negatively associated with native and alien species diversity. The results suggest that alien species management and control methods should be species-specific and considered case-by-case. Neophytes do not yet cause severe problems, but regular monitoring is needed to detect changes in their invasion levels.
The genetics of colonizing species : proceedings of the first International Union of Biological Sciences Symposia on General Biology
"Of the 7,000 estimated non-native species present in North America, approximately 1,000 are invasive. Clearly, invasive species are in the minority, but their small numbers don't keep them from causing billions of dollars in economic and ecological harm each year. Policymakers and ecologists continue to try to figure out which species might be harmful, which invasive species are doing the most damage, and which of these might respond best to eradication efforts. Invasive species reports and case studies are prevalent in political, environmental, and scientific news cycles, and a significant portion of the public is concerned about the issue. In this book, Simberloff will first cover basic topics such as how non-native species are introduced, which areas have incurred the most biological invasions, and how the rates of biological invasions have shifted in recent years. He then moves on to the direct and indirect impacts of the impacts of invasive species on various ecosystems, such as habitat and resource competition, how invasive species transmit pathogens, and how introduced plants and animals can modify a habitat to favor other non-native species. Simberloff's final chapters will discuss the evolution of invasive species, the policies we currently have in place to manage them, and future prospects for controlling their spread. The book will also contain a section dedicated to the more controversial topics surrounding invasive species: invasive natives, useful non-native species, animal rights versus species rights, and non-native species' impacts on the biodiversity of an ecosystem"--
In an era of climate change and widespread ecological damage, it is absolutely crucial that we find ways to help nature regenerate. Embracing the new ecology, Pearce shows us, is our best chance. To be an environmentalist in the twenty-first century means celebrating nature's wildness and capacity for change.
Population genetic structure and phylogeography of invasive aquatic weed, Elodea canadensis (Hydrocharitaceae) and comparative analyses with E. nuttallii
Wildlife damage management : prevention, problem solving and conflict resolution
Biological invasions : a global perspective
Bioinvasions and globalization : ecology, economics, management, and policy
Invasive plants and forest ecosystems
Invasive crayfish increase habitat connectivity
Climate change adaptation and mitigation management options : a guide for natural resource managers in southern forest ecosystems
Invasive aquatic species of Europe : distribution, impacts and management
Bumblebees : behaviour, ecology, and conservation
"A revised, expanded, and updated second version to the successful <EM>Biological Invasions: Economic and Environmental Costs of Alien Plant, Animal, and Microbe Species</EM>, this reference discusses how non-native species invade new ecosystems and the subsequent economic and environmental effects of these species. With nine new chapters, this text provides detailed information on the major components of the invasive-species problem from six continents, including impacts on human health and livestock. The book examines ways in which non-native species destroy vital crops and forests; damage ecosystem dynamics, which leads to plant and animal biodiversity losses; and cause soil erosion and water loss"--
Alien wildlife, isolation and islands in Finland
The new wild : why invasive species will be nature's salvation
It is assumed that climate change will promote pest invasions and their establishment in new regions. We have updated the list of current alien invertebrate pest species in Finland and produced a list of potential new alien pests using a self-organizing map (SOM) that ranks species in terms of their risk of entry into Finland. The 76 pest species recorded included 66 insects, 5 nematodes, 2 mites and 3 slugs. Nearly half of the alien species appeared to have invaded Finland during the last 48 years. The SOM analysis is considered a viable tool for identification of potentially high-risk invasive pests from among the multitude of potential alien invaders, and represents a useful complement to local expert knowledge-based risk assessment of potentially invasive pests. Along with the comparisons with databases of current and potential pest species, SOM analysis suggests that in the changing climate, the habitats at greatest risk from exotic pests in Finland are horticultural: orchards, ornamental hardy-nursery stocks, landscape and ornamental tree nurseries, and greenhouses.Exploration of the distribution patterns of naturalized species within Finland revealed species occupancy to be dependent on the residence time of the species. Established neophytes can be expected to extend their ranges and to increase occupation of agricultural habitats in the future.
Invasive microbes
Economics of alien invasive species management : choices of targets and policies
The importance of human mediation in species establishment : analysis of the alien flora of Estonia
Epilobium hirsutum in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Lassdal, an old ballast site in eastern Nyland, S Finland
The rabbits
Alien pest species in agriculture and horticulture in Finland
Cadmium, lead, arsenic and nickel in wild edible mushrooms
The comparative ease and speed of international trade and travel have enabled or enhanced the spread of pests around the globe. For example, trade in ornamental plants has bolstered the spread of alien Oomycetes such as pathogenic species of Phytophthora. To date, four Phytophthora species have been identified in Finland: P. cactorum on Fragaria x ananassa, Betula pendula and Rhododendron spp., P. plurivora on Rhododendron spp. and Syringa vulgaris, and P. pini and P. ramorum on Rhododendron spp. The ascomycete Colletotrichum acutatum, which was listed as a quarantine pathogen by the European Union until 2009, was introduced in 2000 and can survive in plant debris over two winters in Finland. Positive PCR results have also been obtained from bait plants grown in soil collected from locations where diseased Fragaria x ananassa plants had earlier been destroyed. In the mid-1990s, there was an epidemic of foliar rust caused by the Asian basidiomycete Melampsoridium hiratsukanum on Alnus glutinosa and A. incana. Recently, two ascomycetes that have been introduced are Dothistroma septosporum (responsible for red band needle blight on Pinus sylvestris) and Chalara fraxinea (causing ash decline on Fraxinus excelsior).
Networks of invasion : empirical evidence and case studies
Applied weed science : including the ecology and management of invasive plants
Alien species - environment, biorisks, future : fifth Environment Symposium of the Maj and Tor Nessling Foundation : 18-19 January 2007 Arken, Turku, Finland
The Gulf of Finland assessment
Life out of bounds : bioinvasion in a borderless world
Effects of the alien species rhithropanopeus harrisii on nutrient levels and benthic fauna communities on the soft bottoms of the Archipelago Sea
The role of salmonid fishes in conservation of the endangered freshwater pearl mussel (Margaritifera margaritifera)
Introduced semiaquatic birds and mammals of Europe
Governing the climate : new approaches to rationality, power and politics
The Baltic Sea - our common treasure : economics of saving the sea
Restoration ecology
The role of agroecosystems for invasion of a generalist herbivore
Where do camels belong? In the Arab world may seem the obvious answer, but they are relative newcomers there. They evolved in North America, retain their greatest diversity in South America, and the only remaining wild dromedaries are in Australia. This instructive and controversial book delivers unexpected answers.
Immigrant garden : work of environmental art 2006-2012
Conceptualising the economics of plant health protection against invasive pests
"This book studies the ecology of invasive species, examining the effects that such invasions have on various types of ecosystems"--
Interannual variation in littoral benthic macroinvertebrate communities under contrasting crayfish predation in a large boreal lake
Trypanosome parasites in the invading Rattus rattus and endemic rodents in Madagascar
Invasive species : what everyone needs to know
Relation of tree-ring width and earlywood vessel size of alien Quercus rubra L. with climatic factors in Latvia
Range expansion to novel environments : evolutionary physiology and genetics in Leptinotarsa decemlineata
Plant resources for food, fuel, and conservation
Can horse riding induce the introduction and establishment of alien plant species through endozoochory and gap creation?
Ecological impacts of invasive signal crayfish in large boreal lakes
HELCOM Guide to alien species and ballast water management in the Baltic Sea
Forests in development : a vital balance
The evolution of temperature tolerance and invasiveness in a fluctuating thermal environment
Where do camels belong? : the story and science of invasive species
"Explores the relationship between environment and social change on Mt. Kilimanjaro and Mt. Meru during the German colonial period (1890-1916)"--Provided by the publisher.
Species-specific effects of dioxin exposure on xenobiotic metabolism and hard tissue in voles
Interactions in soil : promoting plant growth
Trophic interactions and impacts of non-indigenous species in Baltic Sea coastal ecosystems
Transport of alien marine organisms in ballast water tanks : an ecological roulette?
This book focuses on the rationalities and practices by which a carbon-constrained world is represented, categorized and ordered. The book will enable investigations into a range of sites (e.g., the body, home, shopping centre, firm, city, forests, streets, international bureaucracies, financial flows, migrants and refugees) where subjectivities around climate change and carbon are formed and contested. Despite a growing interest in this area of work, the field remains fragmented and diffuse.
