http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23734 conceptions of art
conceptions of art
Art made modern : Roger Fry's vision of art : [at the Courtauld Gallery, Courtauld Institute of Art, London, 15 October 1999 - 23 January 2000] / edited by Christopher Green
M. C. Escher : art and science : proceedings of the International Congress on M. C. Escher, Rome 26-28 March 1985
Art, time, and technology
Why the romantics matter
Relational subjectivity in the modernist poetics of Edith Södergran
Siting Federico Barocci and the Renaissance aesthetic
Has modernism failed? / Suzi Gablik
Take a closer look
Death and art : Europe 1200-1530
What, after all, is a work of art ? : lectures in the philosophy of art
Modernist America : art, music, movies, and the globalization of American culture
Manifestations of contemporary folk art and outsider art
Beauty and art : 1750-2000
What is this nonsense? : on the political in visual art with basis in surrealism and pataphysics
Edith Södergran and liberty
Walkabout : a journey through space and time inside the white cube
What is art? Who is an artist?
Visual time : the image in history
Symbol and intuition : comparative studies in Kantian and Romantic-period aesthetics
Ostalgia : New Museum, [New York, 14.7. - 25.9.2011] / editors: Jarrett Gregory, Sarah Valdez
The performing arts and American society
Consuming the past : the medieval revival in fin-de-siècle France
Institutional critique and after
The 'invisible masterpiece' is an unattainable ideal, a work into which a dream of absolute art is incorporated but can never be realized. By means of this metaphor borrowed from Balzac, Hans Belting shows the variety of ways in which the status and meaning of the masterpiece have been elevated and denigrated since the early nineteenth century. The history of the masterpiece coincided with the history of the public museum. Leonardo's "Mona Lisa" and other celebrated paintings preoccupied later artists, who felt burdened by the one-time cult of the masterpiece as it had been transformed into the cult of visible works of art. Following Duchamp, artists became increasingly resistant to the notion of the masterpiece. Beginning in the 1960s, Conceptual and Minimal artists concentrated on ephemeral forms and manufactured multiple copies in order to reject the outmoded status of the one-off masterpiece and the art market that fed off it. "The Invisible Masterpiece" reveals works, events and individuals in the history of Western art in a wholly novel way.
Divine or human images? : Neoplatonic and Christian views on works of art and aesthetics
Art, history and the senses : 1830 to the present
(Re)thinking "art" : a guide for beginners
A short history of the shadow
Edith Södergran, Georg Lukács and aesthetic idealism
Do photographs have souls?
Learning to look at paintings
Out of minimalism : the referential cube : contextualising sculptures by Antony Gormley, Anish Kapoor and Rachel Whiteread / Malin Hedlin Hayden
Art history versus aesthetics
Artificial hells : participatory art and the politics of spectatorship / Claire Bishop
15 teesiä nykytaiteesta = Fifteen theses on contemporary art = Thèses sur l'art contemporain
Renaissance art reconsidered : an anthology of primary sources
Playing to the gallery : helping contemporary art in its struggle to be understood
The expendable reader : articles on art, architecture, design, and media (1951-1979)
"Fascism, Architecture, and the Claiming of Modern Milan, 1922-1943 chronicles the dramatic architectural and urban transformation of Milan during the nearly twenty years of fascist rule. The commercial and financial centre of Italy and the birthplace of fascism, Milan played a central role in constructing fascism's national image and identity as it advanced from a revolutionary movement to an established state power. Using a wide range of archival sources, Lucy M. Maulsby analyses the public buildings, from the relatively modest party headquarters to the grandiose Palace of Justice and the Palazzo del Popolo d'Italia, through which Mussolini intended to enhance the city's image and solidify fascism's presence in Milan. Maulsby establishes the extent to which Milan's economic structure, social composition, and cultural orientation affected Il Duce's plans for the city, demonstrating the influences on urban development that were beyond the control of the fascist regime. By placing Milan's urban change in its historic context, this book expands our understanding of the relationship between fascism and the modern city."--Publisher's website.
What is an exhibition? : dealing with how people experience art, artistic works, making art and the appreciation of things, via a contextualisation of Allen Carlson and Emmanuel Kant [sic] aesthetic ideas and 21st century art theory
Reading pictures : a history of love and hate
Artists on art : from the XIV to the XX century / compiled and edited by Robert Goldwater and Marco Treves
Focusing on what he calls 'the performative gaze', the author explores the artistic world of the Urbino painter Federico Barocci in the context of Renaissance culture.
The art instinct : beauty, pleasure, & human evolution
Influence in art and literature
A parisian coquette or innocent mermaid? : The reception of the Havis Amanda fountain in 1908.
Fear of music : why people get Rothko but don't get Stockhausen
Oscar Wilde and the Victorian debates about the function of art and the nature of the Italian renaissance
The collage aesthetic in the Harlem Renaissance
On the infra ordinary
"With his usual wit and élan, esteemed historian Peter Gay enters the contentious, long-standing debates over the romantic period. Here, in this concise and inviting volume, he reformulates the definition of romanticism and provides a fresh account of the immense achievements of romantic writers and artists in all media. Gay's scope is wide, his insights sharp. He takes on the recurring questions about how to interpret romantic figures and their works. Who qualifies to be a romantic? What ties together romantic figures who practice in different countries, employ different media, even live in different centuries? How is modernism indebted to romanticism, if at all? Guiding readers through the history of the romantic movement across Britain, France, Germany, and Switzerland, Gay argues that the best way to conceptualize romanticism is to accept its complicated nature and acknowledge that there is no "single basket" to contain it. Gay conceives of romantics in "families," whose individual members share fundamental values but retain unique qualities. He concludes by demonstrating that romanticism extends well into the twentieth century, where its deep and lasting impact may be measured in the work of writers such as T. S. Eliot and Virginia Woolf"--
The dance of death exhibited in elegant engravings on wood : with a dissertation on the several representations of that subject but more particularly on those ascribed to Macaber and Hans Holbein
The dance of death : painted by H. Holbein, and engraved by W. Hollar [the introduction and description of the plates by Francis Douce]. The daunce of Machabree: wherein is lively expressed and shewed the state of manne, ... made [or rather tr.] by Dan John Lydgate [with an introduction by Frances Douce]
The English dance of death : from the designs of Thomas Rowlandson, with metrical illustrations
The museological unconscious : communal (post) modernism in Russia
Building bridges : experiential art understanding: a work of art as a means of understanding and constructing self
Bound-In-Tension
Has anything changed? : excerpts from a coversation between Lauri Anttila and Timo Valjakka
The Penguin book of art writing
"The Nordic concept" in relation to the arts : politics and exhibition policy in the Third Reich
The afterlife of a certain Tom of Finland...and some after-thoughts
Arts & ideas
Ideas of time in music : a philosophico-logical investigation applied to works of Alberto Ginastera (1916-1983)
Shakespeare's idea of art
Philosophy : the basics
Cultural geopolitics in the new Russian intelligetsia : a case study of Timur Novikov, artist and cultural ideologue
The new art history / ed. by A. L. Rees, Frances Borzello
What lies beneath KIVIKASA and what is sound art? : KIVIKASA as a step to understand sound art and sound art as a way to understand KIVIKASA
How to do things with art : the meaning of art's performativity
The end of the art world
Fascism, architecture, and the claiming of modern Milan, 1922-1943
Valuing films : shifting perceptions of worth
Impression, nature and the artist - a perpective on Edelfelt's theory of art / Elina Anttila
The creative imagination : enlightenment to Romanticism
How to read a modern painting : understanding and enjoying the modern masters
Om att utnyttja sitt misslyckande = On taking advantage of one's failures
"This volume gets to the heart of what films mean to people on personal, political and commercial levels. Exploring value judgements that underpin social, academic and institutional practices, it examines the diverse forms of worth attributed to a range of international films in relation to taste, passion, morality and aesthetics"--
Anselm Kiefer : alussa : teoksia Hans Grothen yksityiskokoelmasta = In the beginning : works from the private collection of Hans Grothe
Minimalism and fashion : reduction in the postmodern era
Plato - plutonium - Plutarch : trinity for contemporary plurality
The psychology of art appreciation
The gargoyles of Notre-Dame : medievalism and the monsters of modernity
Conversations before the  end of time / Suzi Gablik
The Unpainted Landscape
Aisha's cushion : religious art, perception, and practice in Islam
The haunted gallery : painting, photography, film c. 1900
Death and art Europe 1200-1530
The invisible masterpiece
Edith Södergran and Bataille's poetics of excess
>Tuotanto< = >Production<
Anthropology, art and cultural production
Breaking the disciplines : reconceptions in knowledge, art, and culture
Art and the moving image : a critical reader
the wretched of the screen
Symbolism, the sacred, and the arts
The Pacific vision
'Edith Södergran: a changing image' : looking for a new perspective on the work of a Finnish avant-garde poet
The end of art theory : criticism and postmodernity
Ob-joen taide = Konst vid Ob = The art of the Ob river
Edith Södergran today : some contemporary views on the poetry of Edith Södergran
Edith Södergran : a visionary in context
The shaping of art history : meditations on a discipline
To the actor
Apocalypse and genesis : the poetics of sanguine temperament
Move closer : an intimate philosophy of art
