http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23735 research financing
research financing research funding
Critical elements underpinning the emergence of the medical game ecosystem : gamifying traumatic brain injury rehabilitation in Finland
Reshaping the university : new relationships between research, scholarship and teaching
Methods for evaluating the impact of basic research funding : an analysis of recent international evaluation activity
Bonus : strategic research agenda 2011-2017 : the Joint Baltic Sea research and development programme
Theoretical and practical research orientations in Germain economics
The student's guide to research ethics
Academic cultures in the Finnish mass research university : change and continuity
Governance of public research : toward better practices
Research Programme for Future Electronics (TULE) : evaluation report 2003-2006
OECD reviews of innovation policy. Luxembourg
Scholarly publishing patterns in Finland : a comparison of disciplinary groups
Biotechnology in Finland : impact of public research funding and strategies for the future : evaluation report
Capital structure and firm growth : R&D intensive companies
Chemistry research in Finland : evaluation report
Summary.
Microbes and Man Research Programme 2003-2005 (MICMAN) : evaluation report
Baltic Sea research programme (BIREME) 2003-2006 : evaluation report
Evaluation of TEKES funding for industrial R&D : an empirical study of 601 industrial R&D projects funded by the Technology Development Centre of Finland (TEKES)
Identification of characteristics for successful university-company partnership development
Chemistry research in Finland 2005-2009 : evaluation report
Abstract. - Tiivistelmä. - Sammandrag.
Analysis of discussions Norface Workshop: User engagement in research, Montréal, Canada  October 31-November 2, 2006 = Résumé des discussions Atelier Norface: La participation des utilisateurs à recherche, Montréal, Canada du 31 octobre au 2 novembre 2006.
Experiences in the management of research funding programmes for environmental protection : including recommendations for best practice
Executive summary (s. 7-8).
Particle physics
Summary (s. 5-16)
Science for sale : the perils, rewards, and delusions of campus capitalism
Abstract (s. 7).
Energy research in Finland 1999-2005 : international evaluation
Stakeholder relations in macro-regional science cooperation : case study : Stakeholder analysis for BONUS joint research and development programme
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Knowledge, innovation and internationalisation ; [translation: Leena Möttölä]
Grant information for researchers
Research programme on sustainable use of natural resources (SUNARE) 2001-2004 : evaluation report
Mechanical engineering research in Finland 2000-2007 : international evaluation
Marketing a crowdfunding campaign through digital marketing channels : case: The Crowdfunding Platform X
Reconfiguring knowledge production : changing authority relationships in the sciences and their consequences for intellectual innovation
Executive summary (s. 7-11).
Incentives and performance : governance of research organizations
Business adventures : twelve classic tales from the world of Wall Street
Data and research infrastructure : recommendations to the Norface partners and proceedings of the Norface Conference on Data & Research Infrastructure : 16-17 November 2006, The Hague, The Netherlands
Government R&D funding and company behaviour : measuring behavioural additionality
Comparative analysis of partner councils : extension of the comparative analysis to the 12 Norface partner councils
Research design and proposal writing in spatial science
Research and development expenditure in industry
A guide to research for podiatrics
Directing technology : policies for promotion and control
Defining trade secrets in multilateral research collaboration
Valtion ympäristötieteellinen toimikunta 1986-1988 = The Research Council for the Environmental Sciences 1986-1988
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Joint technology initiatives : public-private partnerships in EU research
Promoting interdisciplinary research : the case of the Academy of Finland
EC research funding : a guide for applicants
Crowdfunding as a way of financing start-ups in Poland
Plant science in Finland 2005-2009 : evaluation report
Research in finance : a research annual. Vol. 2
"Tobacco, alcohol and gambling corporations have been highly effective in stalling, diverting and blocking public health measures. This book provides an original and engaging expose; of the ethical issues faced by people and organizations when they accept industry money in ways that facilitate corporate influence with the public and with policy makers. It starts with a detailed examination of the risks of accepting such profits and what might be done to reduce them, then moves on to introduce the concept of a continuum of 'moral jeopardy' which shifts the emphasis from accept/not accept binaries to a focus on the extent to which people are willing to accept funding. This shift encourages people to think and speak more about the risks and to develop clearer positions for themselves. The content will be helpful to those working in government agencies, addiction services, community organizations or anyone interested in reducing the harms of addictive consumption"--Provided by publisher.
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Handbook of finance research in Korea : Vol. 1
Science and innovation : rethinking the rationales for funding and governance
Proposals that work : a guide for planning dissertations and grant proposals
A more research-intensive and integrated European Research Area : science, technology and competitiveness key figures report 2008-2009
Institutions and appropriation in Swedish technology policy : the case of STU's grants to process control technology for pulp and paper production 1968-1991
Organization of scientific research in Finland
One for all or all for one? : a study of Pentagon tapping of foreign science and technology
Successful Finnish Banking Performance in Global Financial Crisis : Comparative study of British bank, Northern Rock against the Finnish banking sector
OECD reviews of innovation policy : Luxembourg
Government's role in innovation
Abstract (s. IV).
Development research and development of research capacity : an analysis of the effects and impacts of research funded through the Finnish development cooperation budget
Russia in Flux Research programme (2004-2007) : evaluation report
Research funding toolkit
Evaluation : support to development research
The effectiveness of financial innovation support tools : comparative study of Latvia and Finland
On the conditions for objectivity : how to avoid bias in socially relevant research
Neutron beams and synchrotron radiation sources
Research in finance. Vol. 21
University research performance : influence of funding competition, policy steering and micro-level factors
Computer science research in Finland 2000-2006 : international evaluation
Megascience policy issues
Physics research in Finland 2007-2011 : evaluation report
Assessment of the additional appropriation for research
The ERC starting grant : supporting the next generation of research leaders in Europe
Moral jeopardy : risks of accepting money from the alcohol, tobacco and gambling industries
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Breakthrough researh : funding of high-risk research at the Academy of Finland.
Executive summary (s. 7-13).
Dental research in Finland 2001-2005 : international evaluation
American universities and federal research
Water research in Finland 2002-2006 : international evaluation
New drug development in biopharmaceutical companies : the role of private and external funding
Evaluation of biotechnology research utilisation in Finland
Energy technology programmes 1993-1998 : evaluation report
Finnish science to the international forefront
Research programme on power and society in Finland (VALTA) 2007-2010 : evaluation report
Report on programme development and management
Astronomy
Energy technology programmes 1993-1998 : final report
How to write effective EU proposals : a practical guide on getting funding for Horizon 2020
Mapping communication and media research : paradigms, institutions, challenges
Giving more for research in Europe : the role of foundations and the non-profit sector in boosting R & D investment
University research in transition
Ecology and evolutionary biology in Finland 2006-2010 : evaluation report
Dental research in Finland 2001-2005 : an international evaluation
SMEs in FP7 : a hands-on guide
Universities, funding systems, and the renewal of the industrial knowledge base : UNI project findings
Reformative Finland : research and innovation policy review 2015-2020
Research Programme on Social Capital and Networks of Trust (SoCa) 2004-2007 : evaluation report
Project-based funding and novelty in university research : findings from Finland and the UK
Health services research programme 2004-2007 (TERTTU) : evaluation report
The state of scientific research in Finland 2012
The critical assessment of research : traditional and new methods of evaluation
Academic Finns abroad : challenges of international mobility and the research career
Abstract (Description).
How to Write a Competitive Proposal for Horizon 2020 : A Research Manager's Handbook
Government R&D funding in the state budget
