http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2378 municipal sphere of authority
municipal sphere of authority local government activities
Media/society : industries, images, and audiences
Museums and communities : the politics of public culture
Taidetoimikuntien vuosikatsaus 1998 : Taiteen keskustoimikunta, Valtion taidetoimikunnat = centralkomissionen för konst : konstpolitiska riktlinjer fär åren 1998-2000 = Arts Council of Finland : arts policy for 1998-2000 / [toimitus: Eija Ristimäki]
Women's issues at IFLA: equality, gender and information on agenda : papers from the programs of the Round Table on Women's issues at IFLA annual conferences 1993-2002
Consuming race
Local management of infrastructure and environment in Finland
English summary.
Electronic document archiving in Häme Polytechnic
Urban alternatives : public and private markets in the provision of local services
Kunnallishallinnon sanasto : suomi-englanti-suomi = Local government vocabulary : Finnish-English-Finnish
The information e-conomy : business strategies for competing in the digital age
"This book explores how the ideas we have about race are produced and reproduced in everyday acts of consumption, and gives us a new way of thinking about the centrality of race to our lives. It argues that consumption is not a superficial leisure activity, but plays a very important role in shaping our beliefs about others: it is through the products we buy, the games we play, the TV we watch, the restaurants we eat at, the charities we give to and the holidays we take that we make sense of other groups and cultures. It is also through acts of racial consumption that we communicate our own identities, and express our fears and desires. Providing an accessible and highly readable overview of the latest research, an introduction to critical methodologies, and a detailed reading of a range of images, texts, products, sites and artifacts, Consuming Race gives students of sociology, media and cultural studies the opportunity to make connections between academic debates and their own everyday practices of consumption"--
"Drawing from the most recent work on economic regulation, this book introduces readers to the main principles and examines how economic regulation is applied in four key public utility industries (electricity, gas, water and telecommunications). Suitable for students and practitioners with little prior knowledge of economic regulation, this book provides an accessible, non-technical entry point to the subject area, exploring the fundamental questions: why do we regulate? What are alternatives to regulation? Which institutions are involved in regulation? What have been the impacts of regulation? Readers will gain a rich understanding of the basic principles that apply to all regulated sectors, as well as the regulatory choices that reflect the specific economic and physical characteristics of different industries. Extensive references provide readers with resources for more in-depth study, and boxed case studies demonstrate connections between regulatory theory and practice"--
Knowledge in the development of economies : institutional choices under globalisation
Anticipation dialogues : vertical and horizontal dialogue methods for strategic management and smart networking
Creation and domestication of global policy trends : the case of national bioethics committees
Culture crash : the killing of the creative class
Advances in hospitality and leisure
Summary: "This book seeks to make an intervention into the ongoing debate about the scope and intensity of global copyright laws. While mapping out the primary actors in the context of globalization and the modern political economy of information ownership, the argument is made that alternatives to further expansion of copyright are necessary. By examining the multiple and competing interests in creating the legal regime of copyright law, this books attempts to map the political economy of copyright in the information age, critique the concentration of ownership that is intrinsic in the status quo, and provide an assessment of the state of the contemporary global copyright landscape and its futures. It draws upon the current narratives of copyright as produced by corporate, government, and political actors and frames these narratives as language games within a global political project to define how information and culture will be shared and exchanged in the future. The text problematizes the relationship of the state to culture, comments on the global flows of culture, and critiques the regulatory apparatus that is in place to commodify culture and align it with the contemporary nation-state. In the end, the possibility of non-commodified and more open futures are explored. The State of Copyright will be of particular interest for students and scholars of international political economy, law, political science, anthropology, sociology, cultural studies, library sciences, and communication studies. It also will appeal to a growing popular audience that has taken an interest in the issues of copyright. "--.
Finland and the Scandinavian treaty on transfrontier co-operation between municipalities
Social innovations, institutional change and economic performance : making sense of structural adjustment processes in industrial sectors, regions and societies
Abstract in Finnish.
The state of copyright : the complex relationships of cultural creation in a globalized world
"Public utility services matter. Around the world, access to clean water and sanitation facilities, effective telecommunications and Internet services, reliable energy and transport services are indispensible to individuals, societies and economies. Given their critical importance, the public utility industries have long been subject to government regulation"--
Finnish public libraries in the 20th century
Privatization of public sector activities : with a special focus on telecommunications, energy, health and community services
Abstract:  Accountability in the public sector applied to municipal social and health care.
The Oxford handbook of business history
Public financing of the arts and culture: statistics and reality in Finland : methodological issues and identification of the 1990s turning points that reshaped the conditions of cultural and art institutions
Urban policy issues : Canadian perspectives
Working together for better public services
Managing media firms and industries : what's so special about media management?
In recent years, corporations of all sizes and orientations have become more sensitive to social issues and stakeholder concerns, and they are collectively striving to become better corporate citizens (in some cases, urged on by shareholder pressure or government regulations). The best practices in corporate sustainability are no longer the exclusive domain of companies like Ben & Jerry's or Body Shop as they were a decade ago; now, large, multi-national companies like G.E. and Wal-Mart are leading the way with significant financial and organizational commitments to social and environmental issues. To help managers and academics keep their eye on the ever-moving target of sustainability, award-winning author and academic Marc Epstein's provides an authoritative and comprehensive guide to implementing corporate sustainability initiatives and to measuring both their social and financial impacts.
Privatization in the city : successes, failures, lessons
Modern economic regulation : an introduction to theory and practice
Making sustainability work : best practices in managing and measuring corporate social, environmental and economic impacts
"From the products we buy to the television we watch, new media, books, food, design, toys and games, plants, animals and landscapes are all saturated with racial meanings. By consuming race in these various forms, we make sense of other groups and cultures, communicate our own identities, express our needs and desires, and discover new ways of thinking and being. This book explores how the meanings of race are made and remade in acts of creative consumption. Ranging across the terrain of popular culture, and finding race in some unusual and unexpected places, it offers fresh and innovative ways of thinking about the centrality of race to our lives. Consuming Race provides an accessible and highly readable overview of the latest research and a detailed reading of a diverse range of objects, sites and practices. It gives students of sociology, media and cultural studies the opportunity to make connections between academic debates and their own everyday practices of consumption"--
Now completely updated, Making Sustainability Work is the bible for applying real metrics and best practices to the often-nebulous realm of business sustainability. Mark Epstein and Adriana Rejc Buhovac provide concrete tools for measuring and increasing social and environmental impacts in a manner that businesses can understand and put to real use.
Economics, planning and housing
Making sustainability work : best practices in managing and measuring corporate social, environmental, and economic impacts
Accountability in the public sector applied to municipal social and health care
Alueelliset kauppavirrat Suomessa 1996 : ennakkotietoja alueellisesta panos-tuotos tutkimusprojektista = Regional trade flows in Finland in 1996 : preliminary results of the regional input-output project
Cities and the creative class
