http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23729 Catalans
Catalans Catalan people
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
Dictionary of Arabic and allied loanwords : Spanish, Portuguese, Catalan, Galician and kindred dialects
Structuring sense. Vol. 2, The normal course of events
Catalan dictionary & phrasebook
The Gray Notebook
Modality and mood in Romance : modal interpretation, mood selection, and mood alternation
60 Catalan language women writers today
Planificació lingüística : estructures i legislació = Planificación lingüística : estructuras y legislación = Planification linguistique : structures et législation = Language planning : structures and legislation
Licensing free choice items in hostile environments : The role of aspect and mood
The Book of deeds of James I of Aragon : a translation of the medieval Catalan Llibre dels fets
Catalan Poetry 8 centuries in 20 mins
History shows how Catalan culture has overcome critical situations far more adverse than the present. The Catalan language has not been replaced and this anthology contains four Catalans, one Valencian and one Mallorcan, who, although they lived through the tail end of the dictatorship, grew up under a democratic regime. Together, their work could not be more modern, comprehensive or polyphonic: politics and history cohabit with love (both heterosexual and homoerotic), learned allusion and popular image, stanzaic rigour and freedom of form, the song to the land of one's birth and hymn to the voyage. Featuring the work of six of Catalonia's leading poets - Josep Lluis Aguilo, Elies Barbera, Manuel Forcano, Gemma Gorga, Jordi Julia, Carles Torner - translated by a prize-winning translator, and with an introductory essay which sets the poets within a wider literary context.
From Iberian Romani to Iberian Para-Romani varieties
Language at primary school in the Catalan countries = La llengua a l'enseynyament primari dels Països Catalans
Catalonia as a project : the ambiguity of cultural identity
The Catalan immersion program : a European point of view
"A collection of studies offering an up-to-date analysis of official policies to promote Catalan in a democratic framework in each of the main Spanish regions where it is spoken: Catalonia, Valencia and the Balearic Islands"--Provided by publisher.
The 'Liber elegantiarum' (Venice 1489), by the Valencian notary Joan Esteve (fl. c. 1442-1487), is an outstanding and quite original product of early humanistic European lexicography. Conceived partly as a bilingual Catalan-Latin dictionary, it by far surpasses this goal to become in addition an epistolary manual and an aid to grammar, besides providing an often picturesque collection of humanist sayings and literary excerpts. Above all it offers dramatic evidence of the multifaceted expansion of Italian humanism and the crucial role played by the brilliant Neapolitan court of the King of Aragon. As a Romance lexicon, Joan Esteve's work is also one of the first great repertories to include the vernacular as a source language (slightly after Tranchedini's 'Vocabolario') and probably the first to be printed, before Palencia's 'Universal Vocabulario' (1490), Nebrija's 'Dictionarium' (c. 1495) or Valla da Girgenti's 'Vocabularium vulgare' (1500).
Democratic policies for language revitalisation : the case of Catalan
El castellano en las tierras de habla catalana : Carsten Sinner and Andreas Wesch (eds) (2008)
A companion to Catalan literature
The Spanish language : together with Portuguese, Catalan and Basque
Evaluating European immersion programs : from Catalonia to Finland
Tones and tunes. Volume 2, Experimental studies in word and sentence prosody
The Liber elegantiarum by Joan Esteve : a Catalan-Latin dictionary at the crossroads of fifteenth-century European culture
The dolls' room
Mood in the languages of Europe
Phonetic similarity, syllabification and phonotactic constraints in the acquisition of a second language contrast
Catalan : [a complete course for beginners]
Catalan writing
Catalan in three months
The Catalan language : progress towards normalisation
Pragmatic markers in oral narrative : the case of English and Catalan
Poetry in the Balearic Islands at the end of the millennium = La poesia a les Balears al final del mil.lenni
Reviving Catalan at school : challenges and instructional approaches
Colloquial Catalan : the complete course for beginners
The mirror of Jaume Roig : an edition and an English translation of Ms. Vat. Lat. 4806
Catalan dictionary : English-Catalan, Catalan-English
New Catalan fiction 2009
Translation and minority : special issue
Hispanic linguistics at the turn of the millennium : papers from the 3rd Hispanic linguistics symposium
Sentential form and prosodic structure of Catalan
Tones and tunes. Volume 1, Typological studies in word and sentence prosody
Social communication in Catalonia : general survey of the 1980s
The Catalan language today
Index of Catalan folktales
The first part of the book, which begins on March 8, 1918, is a story of family life on the Costa Brava and the coming-of-age story of a young man torn between an old-fashioned ideal of a life of quiet dedication to work and family and the intellectual seductions of European culture. Pla's enthusiasms and uncertainties, friendships and crushes, his reading, the drama and politics and absurdity of family life-we are drawn into all these as we also follow Pla in his wanderings through town, scrutinizing his fellow citizens, or out under the magnificent skies of the still-unspoiled countryside of the coast. In January 1919, Pla returns to Barcelona to complete his studies, and the book's second part paints a hilariously revealing picture of student life. He learns next to nothing from his teachers, a good deal more from the writers and artists he meets in cafes and salons, and most of all from Barcelona itself, with its night life and ramblas, the city of Gaudi and Modernisme, where just outside the city limits the seemingly timeless life of the country still went on as before.
Catalan essays and criticism 2009-2010
La literatura catalana i la traducció en un món clobalitzat = Catalan literature and translation in a globalized world
Catalan, language of Europe
On rheme and kontrast
The book of the Order of Chivalry
The Basques, the Catalans and Spain : alternative routes to nationalist mobilisation
Complete Catalan
Convivència in Catalonia : languages living together
