http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23732 superheroes
superheroes
Guardians of the galaxy : New guard. Vol 2, Wanted
Uncanny X-Men : Superior. Vol. 1, Survival of the fittest
Justice League. Volume 8, Darkseid war. Part 2
The Fantastic Four. Volume 2
Transported to another dimension by the Books of Magic, Tim Hunter and Zatanna awake in a world where magic once ruled in peace until mad scientists banned magic and forced all of the magical creatures underground in exile. Tim soon finds out that his ancestors are tied to this world and that only he, through the Books of Magic, can free the "Wild World." Unsure of what transpired when Tim and Zatanna disappeared, the remaining members of JLD, with the help of Tim Hunter's father, manage to transport themselves to the "Wild World" and soon find that the rules of magic here are very different and very deadly.
All-new, all-different Avengers. [Vol. 1], The magnificent seven
The Authority. Volume 1
Stormwatch. Volume one
"The biggest adventure in DC's history is here! Join visionary writer Grant Morrison, today's most talented artists, and a cast of unforgettable heroes from 52 alternative Earths of the DC Multiverse! Prepare to meet the Vampire League of Earth-43, the Justice Riders of Earth-18, Superdemon, Doc Fate, the super-sons of Superman and Batman, the rampaging Retaliators of Earth-8, the Atomic Knights of Justice, Dino-Cop, Sister Miracle, Lady Quark, and the latest, greatest Super Hero of Earth-Prime: YOU! THE MULTIVERSITY is more than a multipart comic-book series. It's a cosmos spanning, soul-shaking experience that puts YOU on the frontline in the battle for all creation against the demonic destroyers known as the Gentry! Featuring artwork by Ivan Reis (JUSTICE LEAGUE), Frank Quitely (ALL-STAR SUPERMAN), Cameron Stewart (BATGIRL) and many others, THE MULTIVERSITY tells an epic tale that span 52 Earths. Collects THE MULTIVERSITY #1 and 2, THE MULTIVERSITY GUIDEBOOK #1, and these MULTIVERSITY issues: THE SOCIETY OF SUPER-HEROES #1, THE JUST #1, PAX AMERICANA #1, THUNDERWORLD #1, MASTERMEN #1 and ULTRA COMICS #1" /
The Doom Patrol. Volume two
The Rocketeer at war
Jupiter's Legacy vol. 1
Justice society of America : Axis of evil
DC : the new frontier
The uncanny inhumans. Vol. 1, Time crush
Bloodshot Reborn. [Volume 1], Colorado
To kill a king ...they created an army. The world's most dangerous man, Toyo Harada, has been struck by the one thing he never thought possible - fear. Halfway across the globe, a new power threatens to topple modern civilization and, to preempt the cataclysm that is to come, Harada will unite the most unforgiving team the world has ever known - Unity. Their mission: defeat the threat responsible for the destruction of MI-6, the decimation of an alien world, and the occupation of Eastern Europe ...and unseat the warrior king armed with the universe's most powerful weapon - kill X-O Manowar!
Scarred
Power play
The Authority. Volume 2
House of M : Fantastic four ; Iron man
George R.R. Martin's Doorways
Justice League : Darkseid war : power of the gods
DC Comics covergirls
Deadpool : world's greatest. [Vol. 3], Deadpool vs. Sabretooth
New suicide squad. Volume 1, Pure insanity
Thor. [Vol. 1], The goddess of thunder
Spider-Man and the X-Men
Harbinger. [Volume five] : Death of a renegade
Justice League Dark. Volume 2, The books of magic
Supreme power : Hyperion
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.. Volume 1, The Coulson protocols
Lego DC comics super heroes : character encyclopedia
The unbelievable Gwenpool. Vol. 1, Believe it
Packed with fun facts, bizarre-but-true tales, and quirky insights into everyone's favorite Marvel comic characters, including The Avengers, Spider-Man, and Daredevil. Little-known facts and information about the iconic Marvel characters.
Eisner Award-winning author Greg Rucka's critically acclaimed run writing the Amazon Warrior finally collected in its entirety, beginning in Wonder Woman by Greg Rucka: Volume 1. When Diana writes a book that shares her beliefs, it ignites a firestorm of controversy - and even gets the attention of the Olympian gods! Now Wonder Woman faces her most personal battle yet as she confronts attacks on all levels, from Veronica Cale to Dr. Psycho to Silver Swan and even the War God Ares himself! Collects Wonder Woman #195-213.
Justice League Dark. . Volume 6, Lost in forever
Deadpool : world's greatest. [Vol. 4], Temporary insanitation
Guardians of the galaxy : Guardians of infinity
The entropy of bones : a novel
Told from separate viewpoints, teens Scam, Crash, Flicker, Anonymous, Bellwether, and Kelsie, all born in the year 2000 and living in Cambria, California, have superhuman abilities that give them interesting but not heroic lives until they must work as a community to respond to a high stakes crisis.
Jupiter's circle. Book one
Guardians of the galaxy. Vol. 3, Guardians disassembled
Jupiter's Circle vol. 1
Tales of the Batcave. The clown prince of cards
Ultimate armour wars
Animal man. Volume 1 : The hunt
On the hidden island of Themyscira, the Amazons, led by Queen Hippolyta, live in a kingdom of peace, protected by the gods. But the balance is upset when Hippolyta is granted what no immortal may have: a child, given life from the clay of the island-- the princess Diana, who alone can sense the evil that is infesting the Amazon's home. When a man from the outside world is brought to Themyscira as part of a conspiracy to overthrow its queen, Diana will risk everything to save his innocent life-- and lose everything in the process. Soon, the Amazon princess finds herself in a world she never knew existed--America, a land of untold wonders that finds itself threatened by a great war abroad. In order to get back home, Diana and her new friends Steve Trevor and Etta Candy must head into the war zone and find the Nazi agent known as the Duke of Deception, who wields a powerful artifact that belongs to Hippolyta. And in order to defeat this powerful enemy, the princess of peace must become the hero she was meant to be. She must become Wonder Woman!
Monkey business
The totally awesome Hulk. Vol. 1, Cho time
Supreme power : Nighthawk
Onslaught reborn
All-new X-Men : Inevitable. Vol. 1, Ghosts of Cyclops
Archer & Armstrong. [Volume five] : Mission : improbable
Tiny titans. Return to the treehouse
Stormwatch : Post human division. [Book one]
The fallout from the Justice League Dark's battles with Blight and the Trinity of Sin, during the DC crossover event 'Forever Evil', has left the team in tatters. Zatanna assumes leadership of the team and prepares to rebuild. With team members angry and confused by John Constantine's methods during the fight with Blight and the Trinity of Sin, how will John Constantine fit into this new team, if at all?
Quantum and Woody. Vol. 1 : Klang
The Justice League Dark team is called into action by Wonder Woman in hopes of finding Pandora's Box, which may hold the only answers to save an ailing Superman. Not about to let the Seven Deadly Sins escape from Pandora's Box, The Phantom Stranger pleads with the remaining members of the Justice League to stop Wonder Woman before she accidentally puts an end to the world as they know it.
Batman : the Dark Knight returns
The Torch
Spynosaur is secret agency Department 6's not-so secret weapon. Created by mysterious science rays, Spynosaur has the mind of a super spy and the body of a dinosaur. Dedicated to protecting the world from criminal masterminds, this prehistoric powerhouse dishes out justice and puns to a host of eccentric enemies. But when he and his sidekick daughter Amber are sent to rescue a captured fellow agent, Spynosaur becomes embroiled in a plot to frame him. Can he and Amber clear his name in time to save the world?
Injustice : gods among us : year four. Volume 2
Justice league. Volume 7, Darkseid war. Part 1
Seven soldiers of victory. Volume one
All-new X-Men. Vol. 3, Out of their depth
The new Avengers. [Vol. 2]
Dial H. Volume 1, Into you
X-men : Prelude to Onslaught
Unity. Vol. 1, To kill a king
Marvel : absolutely everything you need to know... / written by Adam Bray, Lorraine Cink, John Sazaklis, Sven Wilson
Batman beyond. Volume 2, City of yesterday
Justice League Dark. Volume 4, The rebirth of evil
The avengers : Ultron forever
Challengers of the unknown. Volume one
Supreme power. [Vol. 2] : Powers & principalities
Seven soldiers of victory. Volume two
Please don't tell my parents I've got henchmen
Marvel pinball : epic collection, vol. 1 : Xbox One
Supreme power. [Vol. 1] : Contact
Dark Avengers : Molecule man
The Flash : by Geoff Johns. Book two
Invincible Iron Man. [1], Reboot
All-new X-men. Vol. 5: One down
No hero : How much do you want to be a superhuman?
My hero academia. 5, Shoto Todoroki : origin
The Animal man omnibus
Captain Britain. Volume 1, The birth of a legend
We are Robin. Volume 1, The vigilante business
Wolverine and the X-men. Vol. 2: Death of Wolverine
Doom Patrol. Vol 5 : Magic bus
Superman action comics. Volume 8, Truth
All-new Wolverine. 1, The four sisters
Battle of the super heroes!
Uncanny Avengers. Vol. 1, Counter-evolutionary
The Simon & Kirby superheroes
Justice league : Cry for justice
Justice League international. Volume six
Captain America : Winter soldier
Catwoman. Volume 6, Final jeopardy
Doctor Strange and the Secret Defenders
The Master of the Mystic Arts revives the original non-team - and this time they're more secret than ever To save the world from the threats they'll never know existed, Doctor Strange uses magical tarot cards to select the perfect team for every mission - and he's stacked the deck with all the greatest and grittiest heroes of the nineties to draw from -- Wolverine, Spider-Man, Captain America, Hulk, Scarlet Witch, Silver Surfer, Punisher, War Machine, Darkhawk, Sleepwalker, The Vishanti, they're all here - and plenty more besides - to face down macabre menaces both demonic and otherworldly. Evildoers like Roadkill, Dreadlox and Xandu wielding the Wand of Watoomb It's the Sorcerer Supreme and a gathering of heroes, defending the Earth - just don't tell anybody.
Rocket Raccoon and Groot. Vol. 2, Civil War II
Convergence
Supreme power. [Vol. 3] : High command
Justice League Dark. Volume 5, Paradise lost
Justice league of America : Sanctuary
The definitive Captain America
The multiversity
Sex. Book one, The summer of hard
Batman vs. superman : the greatest battles
Scorched
Vampires across the world have gone berserk, attacking anything with a pulse. Fearing her apocalyptic vision of the future has come to pass, Madame Xanadu mobilizes the team to intervene. But everything the Justice League Dark members know about how to slay a vampire is useless, for the world has changed.
Dark reign: The sinister Spider-man
Stormwatch : Post human division. Book two
Rocket Raccoon and Groot. Vol. 1, Tricks of the trade
Justice League Dark. Volume 3, The death of magic
Resurrection man. Volume 2 : A matter of death and life
International Iron Man
Secret warriors [Vol 2]. God of fear, god of war
X-Men : Years of future past
The X-men. Volume 1
The legend of Wonder Woman. Vol. 1, Origins
R.E.B.E.L.S. : Sons of Brainiac
Operation Annihilation
Suicide Squad most wanted : Katana
Legends : 30th anniversary edition
The caped crusade : Batman and the rise of nerd culture
Superior Iron Man. Infamous
Firefight
Time is broken - and so is the Justice League Dark! The team may have welcomed Andrew Bennett, Frankenstein, and others back into the fold, but the reunion will be short-lived when the JLD finds itself scattered across the timestream. They're lost in an apocalyptic wasteland at the end of time. An incomprehensible dimension beyond all existence, the JLD finds itself at the dawn of a dark civilization lost to recorded history - the place where magic was first harnessed.
Superman : The atomic age sundays 1953-1956
Resurrection man. Volume 1 : Dead again
Supreme power. Vol. 2 : High command ; Hyperion
Deadpool : world's greatest. [Vol. 5], Civil war II
Injustice : gods among us : year three. Volume 2
Truth, justice, and the American way? : the popular geopolitics of American identity in contemporary superhero comics
Punisher: war zone
The Amazing Spider-Man. Volume 1
Badass bitches, damsels in distress, or something in between? : representation of female characters in superhero action films
Captain America : Reborn
Army of two : across the border
From the trailblazing Wonder Woman of the 1940s to edgy, girl-power-driven comics series like Birds of Prey, DC Comics Covergirls takes a look at the female characters of DC Comics throughout the company's history, and features many of DC Comics' iconic comic book covers. Written by comic book writer Louise Simonson, the book examines the evolution of the comic book women of DC Comics: the 1942 introduction of the most famous DC heroine, Wonder Woman, and her various incarnations up to the present; the creation of comic book spin-offs based on characters such as Lois Lane; and the recent wealth of fierce, female character-driven comics such as Supergirl, Birds of Prey, Batgirl, and Catwoman, featuring women who have no trouble being both sexy and strong-willed. Famous featured DC Comics artists include Jim Lee, Alex Ross, Adam Hughes, J. Scott Campbell, Michael Turner, Tim Sale, and Jill Thompson.
Uncanny X-men 3 : [The good, the bad, the inhuman]
Nemesis archives. Volume one
Marvel universe : The end
What would middle school be like if half your classmates had super powers? It's time for Penny Akk to find out. Her latest (failed) attempt to become a superhero has inspired the rest of the kids in her school to reveal their own powers.  Now, all of her relationships are changing. She has a not-at-all-secret admirer, who wants to be Penny's partner almost as much as she wants to be Penny's rival. The meanest girl in school has gained super powers and lost her mind. Can Penny help her find a better one? Can she help an aging supervillain connect with his daughter, and mend the broken hearts of two of the most powerful people in the world? And in all this, where will she find time for her own supervillainous fun, or even more dangerous, to start dating?  It's going to be a long, strange semester.
Batman : Year one
All-new Inhumans. [Vol. 1], Global outreach
The cat who walks through years : Chris Claremont's X-men as Kitty Pryde's bildungsroman
Marvel super hero spectacular
Batman Arkham : Scarecrow
Dying for the dark
Red Hood/Arsenal. Volume 1, Open for business
Worlds beyond the ones you know. Worlds where heroes fight for truth and justice. Worlds where darkness reigns, and only a chosen few keep the light alive. Worlds of magic and science, comedy and tragedy, monsters and marvels. Fifty-two worlds. Infinite possibilities. And one threat great enough to destroy them all. This is the multiversity.
Harbinger wars. Deluxe edition
Thanos : The infinity finale
Putting the 'fun' back in 'funeral'! I'm sorry - you found that in poor taste? Well, maybe we're using humour to avoid facing our grief over the death of Rocket Raccoon's mentor in con-artistry! Who's insensitive now! Anywho, it's a new era for the Guardians of the Galaxy's most non-humanoid dynamic duo!
Stormwatch. Volume two
Please don't tell my parents I blew up the Moon
The invincible Iron Man. Volume 1
Jupiter's circle. Book two
All-new X-Men. [Vol 7], The utopians
The amazing Spider-Man. Worldwide. Scorpio rising
Wonder Woman by Greg Rucka. Volume 1
Presents the LEGO action figures based on the DC universe, describing each figure and vehicle, their variations, when they were made, and the playsets in which they appear / WorldCat.
Supervillains do not merely play hooky.  True, coming back to school after a month spent fighting - and defeating - adult superheroes is a bit of a comedown for the Inscrutable Machine. When offered the chance to skip school in the most dramatic way possible, Penelope Akk can't resist. With the help of a giant spider and mysterious red goo, she builds a spaceship and flies to Jupiter.  Mutant goats. Secret human colonies. A war between three alien races with humanity as the prize. Robot overlords and evil plots. Penny and her friends find all this and more on Jupiter's moons, but what they don't find are any heroes to save the day.  Fortunately, they have an angry eleven year old and a whole lot of mad science...
Extraordinary X-men. Vol. 2, Apocalypse wars
The unbeatable Squirrel Girl & the Great Lakes Avengers
Doom Patrol. [Vol. 2] : The painting that ate Paris
Mighty Troll and Wonder Dragon
In The Caped Crusade, with humor and insight, Glen Weldon, book critic for NPR and author of Superman: The Unauthorized Biography, lays out Batman's seventy-eight-year cultural history and shows how he has helped make us who we are today and why his legacy remains so strong.
Jupiter's legacy. Book 1
