http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2373 ordination
ordination
The period between 1857 and 1957 saw a transformation in Anglican sexual understanding when the established church negotiated substantial new normative interpretations of marriage, sexuality, citizenship, and priesthood. Timothy Jones demonstrates how the introduction of female voices into the previously exclusively male spheres of power transformed understandings of gender. He also delineates the impact of the Anglo-Catholic revival on Anglican sexual culture, in particular, the significance of catholic sacramentality on understandings of the relationship between the sexual and the spiritual. Sexual Politics in the Church of England exposes a surprisingly dynamic and dialogical relationship between theology, feminism, and the new sexual sciences that resists the teleologies of secularisation that dominate the histories of sexuality and Christianity in Britain. The story of Anglican sexual politics told in this book firmly rebuts contemporary notions of the Church as an inevitably reactionary institution. On the contrary, it reveals the Church's historic capacity to renegotiate gender and sexual ideologies, and shows how it was often at the forefront of sexual change in British society.
Entering a clerical career at the Roman Curia, 1458-1471
One, holy, catholic and apostolic : ecumenical reflections on the church
Modern Anglican ordination rites
Ordination of the first Protestant Indian pastor Aaron
The hidden history of women's ordination : female clergy in the medieval West
The ordained women deacons of the Church's first millennium
The Pastor Bonus : papers read at the British-Dutch colloquium at Utrecht, 18-21 September 2002
The search for the origins of Christian worship : sources and methods for the study of early liturgy
The process of admission to ordained ministry : a comparative study. Vol. 1, Epistemological principles and the Roman Catholic rites
Rites of ordination and commitment in the churches of the Nordic countries : theology and terminology
What is ordination coming to ? : report of Consultation on the Ordination of Women held in Cartigny, Geneva, Switzerland 21st - 26th September 1970
The early church at work and worship. Vol. 1, Ministry, ordination, covenant, and canon
Women in ministry : emerging questions about the diaconate
The yoke of obedience : the meaning of ordination in Methodism
"References to the ordination of women exist in papal, episcopal, and theological documents of the time, and the rites for these ordinations have survived. Yet, many scholars still hold that women, particularly in the Western church, were never "really" ordained. A survey of the literature reveals that most scholars use a definition of ordination that would have been unknown in the early middle ages. Thus, the modern determination that women were never ordained, Macy argues, is a premise based on false terms." "Not a work of advocacy, this important book applies indispensable historical background for the ongoing debate about women's ordination."--BOOK JACKET.
A history of women and ordination. Vol. 2, The priestly office of women : God's gift to a renewed church
Sexual politics in the church of England 1857-1957
Anglican orders and the priesting of women
A review of Anglican orders : the problem and the solution
"In the early centuries of Christianity, ordination was the process and the ceremony by which one moved to any new ministry (ordo) in the community. By this definition, women were in fact ordained into several ministries. A radical change in the definition of ordination during the eleventh and twelfth centuries not only removed women from the ordained ministry, but also attempted to eradicate any memory of women's ordination in the past. The debate that accompanied this change has left its mark in the literature of the time. However, the triumph of a new definition of ordination as the bestowal of power, particularly the power to confect the Eucharist, so thoroughly dominated Western thought and practice by the thirteenth century that the earlier concept of ordination was almost completely erased. The ordination of women, either in the present or in the past, became unthinkable."
The Ordination of women in Lutheran churches : analysis of an LWF survey
Women bishops in the Church of England? : a report of the House of Bishops' working party on women in the episcopate
The Orthodox pastor : a guide to pastoral theology
A history of women and ordination. Vol. 1, The ordination of women in medieval context
