http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23709 beginners
beginners
Extraordinary everyday photography : awaken your vision to create stunning images wherever you are
Easy phonics words
Ashtanga yoga beginners practice
Pilates for beginners
Stepping stones : for violin and piano : 26 pieces for beginning violinists with piano
Fun with the String Bass
How to be a silver surfer : a beginner's guide to the internet
Novice drivers' risk- and self-evaluations : use of questionnaires in traffic psychological research : method development, general trends in four sample materials, and connections with behaviour
Improve your teaching! : teaching beginners : a new approach for instrumental and singing teachers
Pieces to play with Step by step. Book two
Arabic on the move : the lively audio language program for busy people
Offers advice for the first year of teaching, covering lesson planning, field trips, behavior management, book selections, supplies, staff meetings, and other related topics and includes a CD-ROM with ready-to-use documents.
For many novice ESL/EFL teachers the transition from their teacher education program (Cert or MA) to their first year of teaching has been characterized as a type of 'reality shock' because the ideals that novice teachers may have formed during the education program are often replaced by the harsh realities of the classroom, and social and political contexts of the school in which they are teaching. One reason for this may be that teacher education programs are unable to reproduce an environment similar to that teachers face when they graduate. Even though many schools may have induction programs available, many novice teachers are often left to cope on their own in a sink-or-swim type situation, with some ultimately leaving the profession because of difficulties encountered during their first year. Every teacher must experience life as a novice when they begin their teaching career in a real classroom, and Reflective Practice for Novice Language Teachers is the book that will make the transition from the training course to the classroom as smooth as possible because it focuses on the needs of novice teachers in particular.Reflective Practice for Novice Language Teachers outlines and describes a comprehensive framework for the professional development of novice teachers through reflective practice that is grounded in the classroom realities of real teaching contexts so that they can develop beyond their novice years and become expert ESL/EFL teachers. In addition, the suggestions presented in this book can be operationalized as standards for future ESL/EFL teacher education and development programs worldwide.
The virgin gardener
Knitting  for dummies
Creative cartooning : master the art of drawing cartoon characters - step by step
Pieces to play : with Step by step. Book four
Homemade knit, sew & crochet : 25 home craft projects
Bridge over troubled water : new perspectives on teacher induction
Colloquial Lithuanian : the complete course for beginners
Office 2013 all-in-one : absolute beginner's guide
Social dancing for beginners : waltz, foxtrot, quick step, tango, cha cha cha, jive, rumba, samba, paso doble, social foxtrot, rock'n' roll, disco freestyle
Economics for dummies
Dry ice : a novel
Finnish novice drivers' competences : compared to the Swedish, Dutch and Austrian novices
T'ai chi beginning practice
Re-designing program animation : from tools' roles to new learning activities
Kayaking : guide for beginners
Drawing nature for the absolute beginner
From trainee to teacher : reflective practice for novice teachers
Pieces to play with Step by step. Book one
Using your computer : the beginner's guide
Sew : step by step
Abstract. - Tiivistelmä. - Sammanfattning.
On thinking statistically : a short introduction
Pieces to play : with Step by step. Book three
The organized teacher's guide to your first year of teaching
Beginner's guide to traditional archery
Read this first : beginning sight-reading for guitar
Successful induction for new teachers : a guide for NQTs and induction tutors, coordinators and mentors
Modern Mandarin chinese for beginners
