http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2370 drinking songs
drinking songs
Bumper book of pub favourites 2
Irish pub songs : piano, vocal, guitar
Irish pub songs
Bawdy songs of the early Music Hall : selected, with an introduction
Mallory & McCall's Irish pub songbook
Songs from old France : chansons, noëls, brunettes, airs à boire et à dancer, tambourins et rondeaux from the 14th through the 18th century
Damernas. 3 : sitsvisor
Drunk : 100 smashed hits
Drink up - light up! : jazz noire tales of dope, booze & sleaze
Sing, drink and be merry : [85 great song about our favourite tipples!] : [drink up & sing loud!]
The Chester books of madrigals. 6, Smoking and drinking
Songs from Ireland : greatest hits
Irish pub songs : 22 good time favourites from the Emerald Isle
It's easy to play pub songs
Pub songs : Home organist library volume 31.
It's bubbly!
Favourite Irish drinking songs
Irish pub songs : A collection of Ireland's most popular drinking songs
Cigarettes and alcohol : Mojo presents : 15 tracks celebrating the pleasures of drinking and smoking ..
Southern journey. Volume 6 : Sheep, sheep, don'tcha know the road
Collection
The roadside tavern
The best German drinking songs
Sip & sing. Ale and beer : sing, drink and be merry! : 31 great beer drinking songs
Alehouses and good fellowship in early modern England
The International book of folk songs
Vivat Bacchus : Musiques a la gloire du vin = Music in praise of wine
Folk songs : 148 songs, including Ach du lieber Augustin, Alouette, Camptown races, The Campbells are coming... : piano, vocal, guitar
Skålbordun : för manskör = for male choir
The songs from old France : including chansons, noëls, brunettes, airs à boire et à danser, tambourins et rondeaux from the 14th through the 18th century and English translations and International Phonetic Alphabet transliterations of all the French song texts with commentaries by Wekerlin, Tiersot and Gartside
Irish pub songs : the ultimate sing along experience
A Peter Warlock Merry-Go-Down : Songs, catches and poems, sociable, amorous and bibulous
Pub singalong collection for keyboard
The Voice Of The People. Volume 13 : They ordered their pints of beer & bottles of sherry : the joys & curse of drink: The Traditional Music of England, Ireland, Scotland & Wales
123 best of folk songs : for easy piano
The Rest of the best
Sip & sing. Whisky and wine : sing, drink and be merry!
The Art of the bawdy song
20 best Irish pub songs
The rest of the best
I [love] Irish music : the original Irish tavern : folio of humor songs
Fill your glasses : Convivial English glees
Out in the green fields and other songs
