http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23745 functional linguistics
functional linguistics
From women to gender : a diachronic exploration of participant representation in texts from the United Nations
Expecting the unexpected : exceptions in grammar
Key terms in systemic functional linguistics
Introduction
A theory of syntax for systemic functional linguistics
Functional approaches to language, culture and cognition : papers in honor of Sydney M. Lamb
Extended axiomatic linguistics
Advances in functional grammar
From language to multimodality : new developments in the study of ideational meaning
The functional perspective on language and discourse : applications and implications
Cognitive and functional perspectives on dynamic tendencies in languages : May 29 to June 1, 2008, University of Tartu, Estonia
A functional view of language
Language and context : a functional linguistic theory of register
Development of language through the lens of formal linguistics
Modelling the structure of a multimodal artefact
Functional approaches to language
Text and context in functional linguistics
English tense and aspect in Halliday's systemic functional grammar : a critical appraisal and an alternative
Prototypical transitivity
Studies in functional grammar
Applied linguistics methods : a reader : systemic functional linguistics, critical discourse analysis and ethnography
The lexicogrammar of adjectives : a systemic functional approach to lexis
Revisiting service encounter genre : some reflections
The essential Halliday
Genre relations : mapping culture
Epistemic meaning : a crosslinguistic and functional-cognitive study
An introduction to functional grammar
Introducing multimodality
Register in systematic functional linguistics
Functional English grammar : an introduction for second language teachers
Firthian linguistics
"Self-discipline strategies were easy to design but difficult to adhere to" : a usage-based study of the tough construction in English
Functionalism in linguistics
Knowing and writing school history : the language of students' expository writing and teachers' expectations
The essential Chomsky
Continuing discourse on language : a functional perspective
"The approach taken in this book overcomes the distinction between theoretical and applied linguistics. The description of grammar is grounded in a comprehensive theory, but it is a theory that evolved in the process of being applied, making this an introduction for all students and scholars interested in the relation between grammar, meaning and discourse."--BOOK JACKET.
Fully updated and revised, this fourth edition of Halliday's Introduction to Functional Grammar explains the principles of systemic functional grammar, enabling the reader to understand and apply them in any context. Halliday's innovative approach of engaging with grammar through discourse has become a phenomenon in linguistics. Updates to the new edition include: Recent uses of systemic functional linguistics to provide further guidance for students, scholars and researchers More on the ecology of grammar, illustrating how each major system serves to realise a semantic system A systematic indexing and classification of examples More from corpora, thus allowing for easy access to data Extended textual and audio examples and an image bank available online at www.routledge.com/cw/halliday Halliday's Introduction to Functional Grammar, Fourth Edition, is the standard reference text for systemic functional linguistics and an ideal introduction for students and scholars interested in the relation between grammar, meaning and discourse.
Current trends in contrastive linguistics : functional and cognitive perspectives
New discourse on language : functional perspectives on multimodality, identity, and affiliation
Historical discourse : the language of time, cause and evaluation
Terms in systemic linguistics : a guide to Halliday
Contrastive functional analysis
This accessible introduction to multimodality illuminates the potential of multimodal research for understanding the ways in which people communicate. Readers will become familiar with the key concepts and methods in various domains while learning how to engage critically with the notion of multimodality. The book challenges widely held assumptions about language and presents the practical steps involved in setting up a multimodal study, including: formulating research questions, collecting research materials, assessing and developing methods of transcription considering the ethical dimensions of multimodal research. A self-study guide is also included, designed as an optional stand-alone resource or as the basis for a short course.
Contrastive discourse analysis : functional and corpus perspectives
From meaning to form: an alternative model of functional syntax
Functional discourse grammar : a typologically-based theory of language structure
Invitation to systemic functional linguistics through the Cardiff grammar : an extension and simplification of Halliday's systemic functional grammar
Syntax : a functional-typological introduction. Vol. 1
An introduction to systemic functional linguistics
In this comprehensive presentation of functional discourse grammar, the authors set out its nature and origins and show how it relates to contemporary linguistic theory. They demonstrate and test its explanatory power and descriptive utility against linguistic facts from over 150 languages.
Argument structure and syntactic relations : a cross-linguistic perspective
17th Scandinavian conference of linguistics. Vol. 1
Way into systemic functional grammar
Handbook of interpersonal communication
Communicating conflict : multilingual case studies of the news media
Casebook in functional discourse grammar
Systemic functional linguistics and literary analysis : a Hallidayan approach to Joyce, a Joycean approach to Halliday
Disciplinarity : functional linguistic and sociological perspectives
Introducing functional grammar
Disciplinary knowledge is under threat in the modern world. Claims abound that we are entering a landscape in which the division of disciplines is obsolete, implying a commitment to outdated values in scholarship. Notions of discipline are critiqued as reflecting social power and representing the worldview of dominant social groups. By addressing and challenging such claims, this edited collection argues that proclamations of the death of disciplines have been greatly overstated. Not only are the notions of disciplinarity still important for understanding how we come to know the world, but this volume demonstrates how significant disciplinarity is to understanding different forms of knowledge if we wish to improve the building of knowledge and educational practice. Using analytical tools from systemic functional linguistics theory and social realist sociology, this volume illustrates how different disciplines can collaborate and cross-fertilize successfully, without losing their distinctive insights and disciplinary integrity. The subsequent theory developed will thereby extend both linguistic and sociological approaches to the topic and make a major contribution to educational theory.
Reconnecting language : morphology and syntax in functional perspectives
Because school history often relies on reading and writing and has its own discipline-specific challenges, it is important to understand the language demands of this content area, the typical writing requirements, and the language expectations of historical discourse. History uses language in specialized ways, so it can be challenging for students to construct responses to historical events. It is only through a focus on these specialized ways of presenting and constructing historical content that students will see how language is used to construe particular contexts. This book provides the results of a qualitative study that investigated the language resources that 8th and 11th grade students drew on to write an exposition and considered the role of writing in school history. The study combined a functional linguistic analysis of student writing with educational considerations in the underresearched content area of history. Data set consisted of writing done by students who were English language learners and other culturally and linguistically diverse students from two school districts in California. The book is an investigation of expository school history writing and teachers' expectations for this type of writing. School history writing refers to the kind of historical writing expected of students at the pre-college levels. The book is particularly valuable for those interested in applications of systemicfunctional linguistics in education. The issues covered in the book make it appropriate for those concerned with the expectations and challenges of literacy development in secondary content area classes.
An introduction to the grammar of Old English : a systemic functional approach
Motivation in grammar and the lexicon
Linguistics : an introduction
Emotion talk across corpora
Obesity as a social construct in web-based public health discourse
Function and context in linguistic analysis : a festschrift for William Haas
17th Scandinavian conference of linguistics. Vol. 2
Discourse and pragmatics in functional grammar
System and function in language : selected papers
Functionalism and formalism in linguistics. Vol. 1, General papers
Functional macrofield perspective : (a religious discourse analysis based on FSP)
The functional analysis of English : a Hallidayan approach
Halliday's introduction to functional grammar
An introduction to the nature and functions of language
