http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23751 analysts
analysts
This publication presents African social, historical and cross continental perspectives on Chinese invlovement in Africa.
Revolution in mind : the creation of psychoanalysis
Disciplining Freud on religion : perspectives from the humanities and social sciences
A life of Jung
Jung : a biography
The lives of Erich Fromm : love's prophet
Darkness rising
Becoming Freud : the making of a psychoanalyst
In search of the real : the origins and originality of D. W. Winnicott
Therapeutic action : an earnest plea for irony
Essays on information and conflicts of interest in stock recommendations
Becoming Freud is the story of the young Freud-Freud up until the age of fifty-that incorporates all of Freud's many misgivings about the art of biography. Freud invented a psychological treatment that involved the telling and revising of life stories, but he was himself skeptical of the writing of such stories. In this biography, Adam Phillips, whom the New Yorker calls "Britain's foremost psychoanalytical writer," emphasizes the largely and inevitably undocumented story of Freud's earliest years as the oldest-and favored-son of Jewish immigrants from Eastern Europe and suggests that the psychoanalysis Freud invented was, among many other things, a psychology of the immigrant-increasingly, of course, everybody's status in the modern world. Psychoanalysis was also Freud's way of coming to terms with the fate of the Jews in Europe in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. So as well as incorporating the writings of Freud and his contemporaries, Becoming Freud also uses the work of historians of the Jews in Europe in this significant period in their lives, a period of unprecedented political freedom and mounting persecution. Phillips concludes by speculating what psychoanalysis might have become if Freud had died in 1906, before the emergence of a psychoanalytic movement over which he had to preside.
Guide to psychoanalytic developmental theories
An autobiographical study
The correspondence of Sigmund Freud and Sándor Ferenczi. Vol. 3, 1920-1933
Death and the maiden
Deadly communion
Freud : an illustrated biography
Carl Gustav Jung : avant-garde conservative
Not forgetting the whale
H. J. S. Guntrip : a psychoanalytical biography
Analysts` forecast optimism : evidence from Finnish stock markets
The red book = Liber novus
Power of understanding : essays in honour of Veikko Tähkä
Anna Freud : a biography
Best practices for equity research analysts : essentials for buy-side and sell-side analysts
Erik H. Erikson : explorer of identity and the life cycle
Sigmund Freud : life and work. Volume two, Years of maturity 1901-1919
The sphinx on the table : Sigmund Freud's art collection and the development of psychoanalysis
Seven steps to mastering business analysis
Killing Freud : twentieth-century culture and the death of psychoanalysis
Freud & psychoanalysis
Can analysts forecast profit warnings?
James Jackson Putnam and psychoanalysis : letters between Putnam and Sigmund Freud, Ernest Jones, William James, Sandor Ferenczi, and Morton Prince, 1877-1917
R. D. Laing : a divided self : a biography
African perspectives on China in Africa
Jack Ryan : shadow recruit
In the Freud archives
Women analyze women : in France, England, and the United States
Kristeva reframed : interpreting key thinkers for the arts
Erich Fromm : his life and ideas : an illustrated biography
Sigmund Freud : the man and his theories
Heinz Kohut : the making of a psychoanalyst
The red book = Liber novus : a reader's edition
The death of Sigmund Freud : fascism, psychoanalysis and the rise of fundamentalism
A mind of her own : the life of Karen Horney
Who was Sabina Spielrein? She is probably best known for her notorious affair with Carl Jung, which was dramatized in the film A Dangerous Method, starring Keira Knightley. Yet her life story is much more compelling than just one famous relationship. Spielrein overcame family and psychological abuse to become a profoundly original thinker in her own right. Sex Versus Survival is the first biography to put her life and ideas at the center of the story and examine Spielrein's key role in the development of psychoanalysis. Drawing on fresh research into Spielrein's diaries, papers, and correspondence, John Launer shows how Spielrein's overlooked ideas--rejected by Freud and Jung but substantially vindicated by later developments in psychology and evolutionary biology--may represent the last and most important stage in the rediscovery of an extraordinary life.
The Freud-Jung letters : the correspondence between Sigmund Freud and C.G. Jung
C. G. Jung : word and image
Wilfred Bion : his life and works, 1897-1979
The adolescent diaries of Karen Horney
The correspondence of Sigmund Freud and Sándor Ferenczi. Vol. 1, 1908-1914
Sex versus survival : the life and ideas of Sabina Spielrein
India analysed
Labyrinths : Emma Jung, her marriage to Carl and the early years of psychoanalysis
Meeting Freud's family
Fury on earth : a biography of Wilhelm Reich
Passion of youth : an autobiography 1897-1922
Correspondence of Sigmund Freud and Sandor Ferenczi. Vol. 2, 1914-1919
Mothering psychoanalysis : Helene Deutsch, Karen Horney, Anna Freud and Melanie Klein
The analytic Freud : philosophy and psychoanalysis
Freud : darkness in the midst of vision
The passion of Bradley Manning
Wilhelm Reich : psychoanalyst and radical naturalist
Freud : master and friend
Melanie Klein : her world and her work
Freud and his early circle : the struggles of psycho-analysis
The secret artist : a close reading of Sigmund Freud
The Cambridge companion to Jung
Performance of analysts' earnings forecasting : evidence from Finnish emerging markets 1987-2005
Sigmund Freud : life and work. Volume one, The young Freud 1856-1900
The wild analyst : the life and work of Georg Groddeck
The art of living : Erich Fromm's life and works
Jung's map of the soul : an introduction
Something to tell you
Bettelheim : a life and a legacy
The examined life : how we lose and find ourselves
Helene Deutsch : a psychoanalyst's life
Analysts’ abnormal returns and stock specific characteristics that consciously or unconsciously impact analysts’ recommendations : evidence from Finland 1999-2014
The good story : exchanges on truth, fiction and psychotherapy
D. W. Winnicott : a biographical portrait
"Development work thesis" as a tool for continuing professional education
Freud : an introduction to his life and work
Erik H. Erikson : the power and limits of a vision
The time series convergence of dispersion in financial analysts' forecasts
Margaret Mahler : a biography of the psychoanalyst
