http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23851 brands
brands
Personal Branding of Elite Football Players through Social Media
Rock in the East : Expectations Towards a Finnish Rock Festival in the Russian Context
Brand personality, image and attitude towards a brand
Narrative transportation in global brand context : content analysis of Cannes Lion grand prix winners in film category
INTEGRATION OF THE INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS OF KYMENLAAKSO UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCES INTO THE LOCAL SMEs
Building brand equity through co-branding : effects on the primary and the secondary brand
Internal branding in high technology environment : measuring employee-brand relationship through brand identity concept
Industrial branding using digital media : case: The Switch
Better service, better Karma : using service design to promote brand tribalism for Karma Studio
Companies that changed the world
The complex nature of brand relationships : interpersonal or parasocial love?
Creative workshop : 80 challenges to sharpen your design skills
Preliminary Analysis on the Finnish market– Case Study 7-Eleven
The marketing century : how marketing drives business and shapes society : The Chartered Institute of Marketing
Building employee-brand commitment : Case Tekla Corporation
Disrupt you! : master personal transformation, seize opportunity, and thrive in the era of endless innovation
Brand image in express logistics  : Industry comparison
Teenagers' brand relationships in daily life : a qualitative study of brand meanings and their motivational ground among teenagers in Helsinki and London metropolitan areas
The behaviour of Finnish consumers towards eco-labelled products; Case: S-Group Oyj
IMPACT OF A BRAND ON CONSUMER DECISION MAKING PROCESS
Using local celebrities in branding and marketing of electronic goods in Finland  : based on South Korean endorsement models
Comparing Strategic Management between the United Kingdom’s and Finland’s Ice Hockey Organizations, from the Point of View of Two Same Levelled Teams.
The role of brands in international mergers and acquisitions with relation to financial performance
A branding guideline in business-to-business context : case: Company X
Customer brand engagement : affection to brand usage intent and moderating effect of brand experience
Green corporate brand identity formation - case Pipelife Ympäristö
Perceived football brand image : Interpreted with brand model
Global branding in professional football : increasing brand equilty through sponsorship
Internal brand enhancement : case: The Copper Pig Bbq House
strategic plan for Haier's global brand building
Branding and Visual Identity for a Music-Themed Cafe
An internal stakeholder analysis of the Sintrol Oy Dust corporate brand
Competitive strategy : Sorrin Puutarha
Improved marketing communications of Creative Media Group S.L. towards the advertisers in the Barcelona Metropolitan magazine
Do they like and tell? : brand community members' intentions to spread eWOM
Brand Awareness Study in Jyväskylä : for Wulff Oy Ab
The storytelling styles and brand perception of wine labels
Brand Management in Business-to-Business Context : Relational Perspective
Marketing for tourism
Reflecting corporate values through brand image and identity : case: Company X
Brand Strategy and Marketing Communication : Case Company: Huawei Technologies. Co. Ltd.
Guide to using social media for BelleGames
60-minute brand strategist : the essential brand book for marketing professionals
A study of congress planning and bidding procedures of Finnish universities
The Ways to New  : 15 Paths to Disruptive Innovation
Symbolicially embedded : essays on the creation and use of symbolic resources in furniture networks
Grabbing attention with a live commercial in movie theatres : case Dumle
Neste Oil Rally Spectator 2011 : profile, typology, satisfaction and willingness to recommend  the event
Building brand equity through sports event sponsorship : Qualitative study on the London Olympics 2012
Snæfellsnes as a brand : a study in regional brand identity
Viiva design : porcelain and silver jewellery brand and product development
Branding People
Brand image in express logistics : Industry comparison
Personal branding on social media : the characteristics of strong personal brands in Finland
Social media strategy for the German-Finnish Chamber of Commerce
The creation of a brand : case study: LangPerform
Marketing the arts : a fresh approach
The on-demand brand : 10 rules for digital marketing success in an anytime, everywhere world
Why it sells : decoding the meanings of brand names, logos, ads, and other marketing and advertising ploys
Places : identity, image and reputation
Rebranding as a way to boost sales
Sponsored content credibility : an integrative analysis
Superbrands : an insight into some of Lithuania's strongest brands 2007
A netnographic study of how professionals perceive personal branding in LinkedIn
Fashion brands : branding style from Armani to Zara
The purpose of the thesis was to develop Sales Career magazine into a recognizable brand for the readers. The objective was to develop a practical branding model for the magazine for it to become a successful magazine brand. The theoretical framework consisted of branding literature and branding models. The theory part consisted of different explanations about the basics of branding and the role of branding in different perspectives and what tools are used to create a successful brand. The main branding model used was of Gad's 4 D to analyze the compatibility of one theory for the practical use of the Sales Career phenomena. The qualitative research method was used in gathering data from interviews. In order to under-stand what the magazine is representing today and what it should represent in the future, Gad's 4 D model theory was also implemented. Students in different school institutions were interviewed through phone, face to face and online. The studies were analyzed qualitatively according to Gad's four dimensions. The results revealed that Gad's 4 D model was feasible in practical use to analyze the Sales Career magazine. It also revealed that the magazine should focus more on the functional, spiritual and social dimensions to create a successful and unique magazine brand. The brand code should also focus on the visual aspects, positioning and style of the magazine. In conclusion, the main elements in making a successful magazine brand using Gad's 4 D model, is to implement four balance dimensions. If more than one branding model is joined to implement the phenomena, then branding basics such as the identity, the image and communicating relationships are the most important elements.
Marketing hospitality
Attending Motivations of International Tourists at Sport Events, Case: FC Barcelona
Branding and Integrating Marketing Communications to Strengthen Brand : case: Bank X
THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN BRAND ORIGIN AND BRAND EQUITY : Case Company: Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd
Branding UNESCO : constructing organization image through audiovisual reprentations
This study is about a service design project commissioned by Karma Studio, a Turku-based private yoga studio specialized in ashtanga yoga. The main goal of the work was to design Karma Studio services and products that promote brand tribalism to current and potential customers. In order to determine how the client organization could do this, current and potential customers had to be determined and the Karma Studio brand defined. First, observation and participation were used to create a SWOT analysis about tribe potential. Two different surveys were used to research existing and potential customers and their attitudes about yoga and different local service providers. These methods gave a good overview of what was being examined and helped co-create the spring 2016 schedule. Next a group interview was arranged in order to gather more insights about loyal customers, and on the basis of the research three personas were created to depict members of the brand tribe. Brand definition was done by arranging a brand workshop after which tribal linking values were determined and a brand code was created as a tool to detail the core essence of the brand. With the help of a customer journey map, brand code and results from the research conducted so far, a service blueprint of a developed service scenario featuring the three personas was produced. Development concepts presented in the blueprint were designed to promote brand tribalism, and they included ideas about the storefront, space, staff, class content, online communications, merchandise, collaboration and events. It was concluded that some early forms of Karma Studio tribalism already exist, and that service design can offer ways to support its development further. While some of the development ideas were left as suggestions, others were taken further in the design process into the creation stage. A collection of these tools and ideas were presented to the commissioner at the end of the project, and there hasbeen an interest to further develop, test and launch some of the suggestions.
MEDIA AND BRANDS : A study of Helsinki’s Brand Image Acknowledgement in Foreign Media
The better mousetrap : brand invention in a media democracy
Brand aid : shopping well to save the world
Social Media as a Tool of Marketing and Creating Brand awareness : Case study research
Building better brands : a comprehensive guide to brand strategy and identity development
Business-to-business brand management : theory, research and executive case study exercises
Perceptions of Students of Rovaniemi University of Applied Sciences on the Brand of Fazer Food Services
Silent communication : a challenge to established marketing communication practice
Integrating corporate brands in cross-border acquisitions : serial acquirer focus
X : The Experience When Business Meets Design
Brändin arvonmääritys : vaatimukset brändin taloudellisen arvon määrittämiseen = Brand valuation : requirements for monetary brand valuation
The Way of Chery to Achieve the Most Successful Auto Brand in China
Practice of Internet Marketing in Destination Branding
In Strategic Brand Management, Alexander Chernev, professor of marketing at the renowned Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, lays out a systematic approach to understanding the key principles of building enduring brands. This book presents a cohesive framework for brand management that delineates the unique role of brands as a means of creating market value. Topics covered include designing effective brand strategy and tactics, developing a brand value proposition, managing brand portfolios, cobranding, brand repositioning, brand extensions, brand valuation, and the legal aspects of protecting the brand.
Regional destination marketing and websites as marketing tool : Study case: Nature Park Lahn-Dill Bergland, Germany
Luxury and Premium Fashion Brands Online Marketing : Case Study Kiosked Limited
Effects of Corporate Sustainability on Established Brand : the case of IKEA
The role of cultural awareness in building Chinese health food brands : using netnography in searching cultural arguments to be used for marketing health foods in China
Brand identity and image in B2B factory automation context
Finnish food brand in Chinese market
Superior brand name types in high & low context cultures
From Altoids to Zima : The Suprising stories behind 125 famous brand names
Challenging the hierarchical categorization of luxury fashion brands
Asian brand strategy : building and sustaining strong global brands in Asia
Organizational dynamics and complexities of corporate brand building : a practice perspective / Rita Järventie-Thesleff, Johanna Moisander, Pikka-Maaria Laine
Summary
Content-oriented consumer engagement online : cognitive and affective brand effects of SME's thematic content strategy
Developing Sales Career magazine into a brand
Organizing regional branding : Case: Bothnian Arc
Beyond the brand : why engaging the right customers is essential to winning in business
Strategic brand management : building, measuring, and managing brand equity
Coauthored by two industry pioneers with more than 60 years of combined experience, this breakthrough volume of the Basics of Licensing series offers both the novice and veteran alike proven, practical insights on how to maximize their position in the world of licensing. From the fundamentals of securing intellectual property rights to the finer points of contract negotiation, product development, marketing strategy, and more, no repertoire is complete without this immensely valuable resource. Also included, in addition to the core commentary provided in every chapter, is a set of appendices featuring useful administrative templates and licensing form agreements derived from actual transactions. The helpful advice and professional insights conveyed here are enhanced by practical definitions of licensing terminology, a detailed history of the licensing industry, and analysis of contractual terms and their implications.
Co.mbines : a contemporary casual woman's collection Fall 2008-Winter 2009
Key considerations when entering the Finnish market and adapting a fashion magazine to suit the local environment : case study: Elle Finland
Creating strategic brand management manual : case: Tukikallio Oy
A qualitative case study of subjective lyúxxury in Finland
The objective of the thesis is to study how a live commercial can grab cinema audience's attention in a positive way. A live commercial done for Fazer's Dumle chocolates in January 2009 was studied. This was the first live commercial in Finnish movie theatres. Hence, recommendations for future live commercials are an important part of the research. The theoretical framework was based on literature about sales promotions, especially non-price promotions. The research method was qualitative. Data was collected mainly with thematic interviews. First, industry experts were interviewed on non-price promotions. Themes from the theoretical framework were applied to a local context. Second, the same industry experts and other stakeholders were interviewed with thematic interviews regarding the Dumle live commercial. Case study was applied to studying the live commercial case. Its documentation included also questionnaire responses from eight moviegoers, a press release and a promotion report on the case. The results indicated that a live commercial can grab cinema audience's attention in a positive way. Sampling was seen as a good addition to the live commercial. Important circumstances to take into consideration were identified and recommendations for future live commercials were made. The results were compared to an outside attention-value study made of the Dumle live commercial, and the attention-value study's results supported the findings of the thesis research. In conclusion, live commercials can be recommended as an inventive way to grab movie audience's attention to a brand, as long as the product is suitable for the target group and the circumstances are right.
Package Design for a Nature-Based Tourism Company
Abstract: The purpose of the thesis was to find elements in marketing the express companies in the case study could use as a differentiation method within the local Finnish market. Express logistics companies are global logistics providers that have overnight delivery capability. The study was commissioned by one of the companies, DHL Express. The qualitative method was used to conduct this study. Qualitative data was collected by a series of semi-structured interviews of express company customers. Four customers were interviewed so that relevant data could be extracted from all different companies in the market. All answers to the interviews differ from one another, a phenomenon common to semi-structured interviews, there were a few answers in common to all of them that allows the author to draw some general conclusions. Customer interviews revealed that the company local image comes mainly from their local product portfolio and the salesperson activities. Their improvement suggestions from customers mainly concern the products and their versatility, and also the personal touch in both products and customer service. Customer service was seen as part of the product. Improvement suggestions to sales contacts were to invest more in quality of the contacts and not the amount, and also the customers like to be taken seriously, and not for granted. In addition the author recommends that express companies involve the customer to the future advancements in both systems and products, to get the highest amount of customer satisfaction possible. Further improvements need to be made for training of both customer service individuals, sales people and marketing staff, also their actions need constant monitoring. According to this study the future products should possibly include different “building blocks” that customer can use to personalize the products to their needs. Furthermore future training of customer service and sales should include more of basic knowledge of human nature and emotional intelligence than just plain sales tactics. Marketing staff should also be trained to produce material with greater impact and quality.
Handbook on brand and experience management
Leading Brands of Estonia : An insight into some of Estonian strongest brands 2008
Branding artists and arts organizations : turn your brand into a destination you want to be
Electronic word of mouth and brand involvement effects on buying intention
Wordcraft : the art of turning little words into big business
Branding Artists and Arts organizations : turn your brand into a destination you want to be
Dawn Iacobucci's Marketing Management, 1E provides the material that first-year MBA students need to gain a mastery of core concepts in marketing management. Students will be able to quickly begin applying concepts to cases, group work, and/or simulations that are assigned in their course. Marketing Management issues can be organized around an easy-to-remember framework of 5Cs, STP, and 4Ps. In real life, marketing is fun. Books on marketing should be too!
Selling quality at Laatukoru Oy: Introduction to Swiss watches
Transferring brand equity hierarchically through rebranding : case Capricode Oy
Shoe dog : a memoir by the creator of Nike
Spike your brand ROI : how to maximize reputation and results
Brand owners' awareness of brand integrity
The brand handbook
Re-investing authenticity : tourism, place and emotions
Emergence and translations of management interests in corporate branding in the Finnish pulp and paper corporations : a study with an actor-network theory approach
Brands : an international review
The franchisor-franchisee relationship is a unique relationship that differs greatly from a normal buyer-seller business relationship. This thesis aims at creating an education framework for commissioner, which it can use in its education of its franchisees. For this thesis I consulted with the employees of the parent company, created a questionnaire for selected franchisees and took a look at the theory on the subject. In this thesis I will show why following the set of norms and regulations set by the franchisor is beneficial and what are the possible issues which should be considered so that the problems within the franchisee populous can be avoided. I will use examples of the case company and all the data collected is from the commissioner, and thus some parts may not be applicable for any other franchise organization than the commissioner. As a result and key finding of this thesis I have created a framework suggested to be the base of the commissioner’s global education framework. The framework draws from three different sources of inspiration, the theory presented, a questionnaire and discussions with the directors of the company during my internship at the commissioner’s head office.
Strategic brand management
Lovely Market consumer promise delivery through internal communications at AM House
The brand handbook : with 120 illustrations, 93 in colour
Handbook of brand semiotics
Brand awareness research for a small company : Case: Waknin Group Ltd.
How a small fashion brand survives in the Chinese market? : business development plan for Minna Parikka Shoes Ltd
Consumer India : inside the Indian mind and wallet
Employer Brand and Great Place to Work as Perceived by Generation Y Employees - Case Ravintolakolmio-ryhmä
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis is to explain what brand integrity (BI) is, brand owners awareness of it and why is it essential part of doing business in today's global markets. This thesis will explain the consequences of counterfeiting and the grey markets both from the perspective of the brand owner as well as the society. This thesis is done for Starcke Oy, which is a company specialized in graphical special effects and brand protection technologies.  The thesis is roughly divided in to two parts which are: theoretical and empirical. The theory part will explain the concept and reason behind brand integrity management, whereas the empirical part will explore brand owners awareness of BI-management.  The theoretical part will introduce the case company Starcke Oy, explain concepts that are important in understanding brand integrity, such as brand protection, brand and branding. The main focus is on the effects that occur for brand owners, but the effects to consumers are talked about throughout the thesis, by explaining the dangers it causes in peoples everyday lives and how closely counterfeiting and grey markets are linked to organized crime. Finally the theoretical part goes through the key risks areas and explains some of the general tools which BI-management offers.  The empirical part is a qualitative research of brand owners' awareness of brand integrity. It is realized by sending a questionnaire to some well-known Finish companies such as Aarikka and Kuusamon Uistin. It aims to explore more deeply what is the level of awareness amongst companies. The population and sample are rather small, which enables more in-depth approach.
Grabbing attention with a live commercial in movie theatres  : Case Dumle
Culture, branding and national identity in the era of globalization : a study of beer brands in the Finnish market
Paths to purchase : the role of the online environment and the fluctuation of customer brand engagement
Professional services marketing : how the best firms build premier brands, thriving lead generation engines, and cultures of business development success
Consumers’ experiences of luxury : interpreting the luxuriousness of a brand
Growing brands through sponsorship : an empirical investigation of brand image transfer in a sponsorship alliance
Brand model creation for a small healthcare service
Influential factors of Chinese purchaser behavior in clothing market
Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications
Creating Brand for CoreFinland Ltd
Motivational drivers of behavioral online brand engagement in content consumption context : examining brand commitment and trust in online content as moderators
Components of corporate brand equity in SMEs : case EHP-Tekniikka Ltd
Summary.
Developing RTV-Yhtymä's brand
Place branding is happening. A new field of practice and study is in existence and whatever we choose to call it there can no longer be any doubt that it is with us. This collection of intuitive and well-reserached articles examines how places and regions see themselves, and how they reflect this in their branding.
Brand Strategy: Five Branding Decisions. A Research on Manchester United FC
The Importance of Positioning and Networking in the Globalization Process of a Small-Sized Brand - Case: SabrinaTach
Viiva design: porcelain and silver jewellery brand and product development
Customers' Loyalty & Brand Experience : Branding Strategy to Successfully Approach Consumers' Minds and Promote Customers' Loyalty: Generating the “Brand Experience”
SPORTSWEAR BRANDING IN CHINA : A comparative case study of Li Ning and Adidas
Brand integration process in horizontal mergers and acquisitions : case: Procter & Gamble and Gillette Company
Branded responsibility : exploring strategic CSR in product branding - a dyadic case study from paper industry
Lifestyle for Sale : Discussion of the effects of brand-based advertising from a consumer’s perspective using denim brands as examples
Summary in Chinese.
Employer image among summer trainees 2010: Case Wärtsilä Finland Oy
Strategic brand management : a European perspective
Brand image and buying behavior of fast moving consumer goods brand X in Finland
Eco-friendliness in the brand experience of high-tech products
Personality not included : why companies lose their authenticity - and how great brands get it back
Conditions for loss averse and gain seeking consumer price behavior
City branding : the ghostly politics of representation in globalising cities
Gamification in automotive marketing : A conceptual framework for implementation
How the making and marketing of sustainable brand affect consumer behaviour
Taking brand initiative : how companies can align strategy, culture, and identity through corporate branding
Basics of licensing
The relationship between brand love and positive word of mouth
Integrated Advertising, Promotion, and Marketing Communications speaks to an evolved definition of integrated marketing and teaches students (of marketing or otherwise) how to effectively communicate in the business world. This text covers advertising and promotions, but also the role of social media, blogs, mobile messaging, and other marketing tactics. As marketing has evolved to include more stealth approaches, so has the text. To help students retain ideas, each chapter includes tools that allow them to apply concepts to real-life situations.
Branding Finland on the Internet : images and stereotypes in Finland's tourism marketing
ESPN the company : the story and lessons behind the most fanatical brand in sports
Internal Branding in High Technology Environment : Measuring employee-brand relationship through brand identity concept
Cosmetics and brand communication in the internet
A follow-up of the Vacon Brand Identity Manual
Business-to business brand management : theory, research and executive case study exercises
A study of brand image : case Nightclub Bra
Managing and Developing Company Identity: Case Evianet Solutions
Creating a brand identity for RelationshipGames
BRANDING AN ATHLETE AND CREATING STRATEGIC SPONSORSHIP CO-OPERATION RELATIONSHIPS – CASE CARINA KETONEN
Kids and branding in a digital world
Localization of New Balance brand marketing strategy for Chinese markets
The aim of this thesis was to explore the Lovely Market consumer promise delivery through internal communications at AM House. AM House identity is defined by four values, Lovely Market consumer promise and tone of voice. The thesis focuses on examining the understanding and delivery of the Lovely Market consumer promise. It was researched how the project managers and sales persons perceive the consumer promise and how it is delivered through internal communications. Crucial is the congruence in the perceptions of the consumer promise and its delivery further to other stakeholders such as customers through brand contacts. Theoretical framework of the research was based on relevant areas of theories of brand identity, image and internal communications. Theories of various authors such as Aaker, Kunde, Ind, Grönroos, Gad and Fill were explored to form a solid basis on which to create the empirical part and results of the study. By combining the chosen theories a holistic view was received to conduct the empirical part. The empirical part was conducted through interviewing five project managers and sales persons working for AM House in Finland. However, it is worth reminding that the personnel interviewed represent 45 percent of the project managers and 40 percent of the apartment sales persons. The results of the study indicated that there appear both strengths and weaknesses in the concrete understanding of the Lovely Market promise and delivering messages through internal communications. The Intranet was regarded as a great strength, and the core idea of the consumer promise was considered to be positive. However, the personnel longed for concrete examples of the consumer promise. In addition, more meetings should be arranged where the consumer promise would be discussed, the customer feedback surveys ought to be developed and internal messages should be better communicated to the personnel. In conclusion, the research revealed remarkable information of the consumer promise delivery at AM House and of points to improve. Further research could be conducted by interviewing or conducting a quantitative survey including personnel from all the five different job descriptions instead of merely project managers and sales persons, to receive greater sample and overall opinion and perceptions of the personnel.
Facebook and branding of Stronghold Gym
SSP Finland and Finnair Plus partnership development opportunities
Brand aesthetics : the concept, usage and effectiveness
Chinese Herbal tea brand positioning Strategy  : Case study: WONG LO KAT Herbal Tea
Corporate identity and internal implementation of a corporate brand
Increasing brand compliance through the creation of an education system for franchise entrepreneurs
The use of humorous branded content in order to increase brand image : case: Brändärit and Crazy Ones
Finland's country brand in the light of recent brand reports
The Impact of Perceived Fit on Customer Evaluations of Brand Extension
Mergers and acquisitions (hereafter also 'M&A') have been a common method for companies to grow and increase shareholder value. Brands relate to the experience stakeholders and herein especially customers enjoy when being in any interaction with a company. As a result of transactions, companies can only only ensure positive future financial performance and succeed in the market when also managing brand experiences systematically. This study examines the role of brands in international M&A with relation to financial performance among companies in Finland. The importance of brands in decision-making, the actions of brand management as well as the financial measurement of brands in transactions are in the focus of this study. Since this research was commissioned by a Finnish brand management consultancy called BrandWorxx Oy, the center of attention is also on suggestions for service development. The research at hand includes theories which are built around brands as well as M&A as key concepts. First of all, the term 'brand' is defined, the connection to financial performance illustrated and a systematic brand management process described. Next, M&A are introduced including motivations, the process as well as due diligence. After taking a look at company and brand valuation approaches, key concepts are connected and brand management as well as exploitation opportunities as part of M&A are shown. In order to meet the research objectives, empirical work with more qualitative but also quantitative aspects was carried out through mostly personal interviews. Results and findings show that the importance of brands as a decision-making criterion is of a relatively high importance level. However, brands are mostly not systematically managed nor financially tracked as part of transactions. Due to this, bigger financial value is assumed to be lost since stakeholders and especially customers are not in the focus of transactions. Finally, a need for the commissioning company to develop a specific service offering became obvious.The report thus provides detailed suggestions mentioned at the end of this study.
Subliminal persuasion : influence and marketing secrets they don't want you to know
Sponsors' brand recall in sport's area
Values and attributes of volleyball by the fans in the FIVB Men's World Championships 2014
Marketing through corporate sponsorship : case: companies and professional golf - understanding sponsorship and endorsement
Guidelines for producing a live brand experience
How the company brand is delivered after rebranding?
Positioning of the Biotherm brand in the selective skin care market in Finland
Brand, Brand Stretching, and Brand Stretching Plan for JAC
Communication students' motives for and attitudes towards personal branding
Motivational drivers of customer brand engagement and its effect on share of wallet in a social media context
Secrets of success in brand licensing
This thesis is about the Brand image and buying behavior of fast moving consumer goods brand X in Finland commissioned by company Y which is a multinational company owning the brand among other known brands. The research questions of this study were: “What is the current brand image of brand X in Finland?” and “What makes consumers choose brand X?” The sub-questions handled other branding and consumer behaviour themes to be able to study the brand image and buying behaviour of the brand in Finland. The research method of this study was semi-structured qualitative face-to-face interviewing. The interviews were conducted as part of demo day 12.11.2011 in Citymarket Jumbo in Vantaa, Finland. There were 15 responses gotten from consumers. According to the responses the brand X is seen mainly as treatment product rather than everyday product. The brand was very well known because of strong television advertising which has related to the consumer trust towards the brand. However, the brand was mainly seen as a product only and the respondents were not able to name any other attributes than product attributes. The respondents only mentioned functional benefits regarding the brand. As a conclusion the importance of a brand being more than the product should be taken into account when planning strategies for the brand X. Also the brand identity should communicate more strongly the intended values and use of the brand to be able to attract more consumers and create loyal long term brand-consumer relationship.
Creating a working destination brand : Case: Budapest and Helsinki
Shop Image Graphics in Tokyo : food, fashion, beauty, living, outside Tokyo
How to Enhance Brand Awareness in China by Weibo Marketing - Case: Iittala
Strategic Brand Management: Building a Brand   : Case Studio Tendance
Extending the collective consumption of brands
Implementation of Brand Values in the Service Quality of a Hotel
Cultural impact on international branding : a case of marketing Finnish mobile phones in China
Retailing Opportunities for the National Hockey League in Finland
Building a strong brand for Bluesky Shengmu furniture shopping mall
Brand image of white wine
How to build up brand identity to kidsumers on the Internet : case Fantastec Oy
