http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2382 energy consumption
energy consumption
This book focuses on the rationalities and practices by which a carbon-constrained world is represented, categorized and ordered. The book will enable investigations into a range of sites (e.g., the body, home, shopping centre, firm, city, forests, streets, international bureaucracies, financial flows, migrants and refugees) where subjectivities around climate change and carbon are formed and contested. Despite a growing interest in this area of work, the field remains fragmented and diffuse.
New security frontiers : critical energy and the resource challenge
The Economic Commission for Europe and energy conservation : recent experiences and prospects
Energy in Finland : pocketbook
Foundations of environmental physics : understanding energy use and human impacts
The changing food distribution system and the role of the consumer : an energy audit of the structure of the system
Learning from experiences with energy efficient retrofitting of residential buildings
Learning from experiences with energy management of commercial buildings
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Energy & climate : how to achieve a successful energy transition
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Existing buildings – technologies and challenges for residential and commercial use
Study of regulations, codes and standards related to energy use in buildings
Building physics in the Nordic countries : proceeding of the 4th symposium. Vol. 1
Creating an Environmental Comparison System for Sustainable Construction Materials :  A Case Study – Insulation
Energy and environment
Energy use in EEC agriculture and food processing
Linkki : research program on consumer habits and energy conservation : summary report
Energy in Finland. Pocketbook 2016
Computing time and energy requirements to assess tractor operational efficiency : application to a plowing operation
Effects of lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on energy use and CO2 emissions in high latitude cucumber growing
Design of a solar thermal powered cooling system
Direct energy (electricity and heating) consumption was measured from one broiler house in southern Finland. CO2 emissions were also calculated. Six broiler flocks were reared per year with an average of 26 000 birds per flock. Heating constituted the major energy input, averaging 1.3 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. It varied greatly between seasons and was highest during the cold period. Using renewable energy for heating remarkably reduces CO2 emissions compared to fossil energy. Electricity consumption averaged 0.08 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. The greatest energy saving potential can be found in heating. CO2 emissions can be lowered to similar levels as in warmer countries by using biofuels for heating. Ventilation control is one possibility for direct energy savings in broiler production. Feed production is one of the key elements when total energy consumption is considered.
The 20-minute body : 20 minutes, 20 days, 20 inches
ETRR : energy-efficient buildings and building components : interim report 1988-1990
Climate change and global responsibility : the role of energy consumption, GDP and CO2 emissions
Modeling and managing energy consumption of mobile devices
The aim of this thesis was to study the energy consumption at the plant of Genencor International Inc. in Hanko. The intention was to develop a monitoring system for energy consumption anf energy efficiency covering steam and electricity. based on the survay, the purpose was to find potential energy savings and to improve the efficient use of energy by monitoring and narrowing the grey area of energy consumption. The distribution of energy was identifies and the most significant energy consumers were selected for more detailed analysis. The data collection version was developed on Excel whereas the visual version of the consumption system was created by using the OSI-PI software. In the consumption monitoring system are considered the most significant energy consumers and the biggest products. The energy consumption was calculated in theory and compared to the total use of energy. The error between the theoretical and the actual consumption was taken into account in the error consideration. The extent of the grey area proved to be greater than estimated, especially the grey area of steam consumption. The next phase will be to plan the identification of the grey area more accurately and perhaps to estimate the need for acquisitiion of new fixed meters for monitoring the energy consumption more reliably than at the present.
Energy consumption analysis of MPEG4 decoder for mobile phones
Energy : what everyone needs to know
Techno-economics of radio access networks: case of Finland
Europe's energy position : annual report
Energy in Finland. Pocketbook 2010.
Gadgets and gigawatts : policies for energy efficient electronics
Households' willingness to engage in demand response in the Finnish retail electricity market : an empirical study
Transitions in energy use
When changing a lightbulb just isn't enough
Energy and the new reality. Vol. 1, Energy efficiency and the demand for energy services
"A concise and accessible introduction to green computing and green IT, this book addresses how computer science and the computer infrastructure affect the environment and presents the main challenges in making computing more environmentally friendly. The authors review the methodologies, designs, frameworks, and software development tools that can be used in computer science to reduce energy consumption and still compute efficiently. They also focus on Computer Aided Design (CAD) and describe what design engineers and CAD software applications can do to support new streamlined business directions and improve the environment"--
Making cars more fuel efficient : technology for real improvements on the road
Learning from experiences with energy management in industry
Handbook on energy and climate change
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Positive persuasion : designing enjoyable energy feedback experiences in the home
The green business guide : a one stop resource for businesses of all shapes and sizes to implement eco-friendly policies, programs, and practices
The link between energy & human activity
Energiatilastot 1994.
Environmental Science in Building covers the science, technology and services that relate to the comfort of humans and the environmental performance of buildings. This popular text is designed to be useful, at all levels, to students and practitioners of architecture, construction studies, building services, surveying, and environmental science. This edition has been thoroughly updated and the contents reorganised to ensure optimum presentation and understanding of topics. The contents include: climate and the built, environment, human environmental comfort, insulation and energy use in buildings, air control in buildings, artificial and natural lighting, noise control and sound insulation, electricity generation and supply, water supplies and waste water treatment, carbon and energy management in construction, resource conservation and sustainability in construction, sick buildings and green buildings. Key features are: Clear and accessible text layout for ease of use, Clear explanations of principles and technologies, Up-to-date practice and world-wide trends incorporated, Minimum prior knowledge of science and mathematics assumed, Worked examples displayed and explained step-by-step, Large resource sections of supporting information and references.
Energy supply and consumption
Energy in Finland. Pocketbook 2007
Assessment of physical activity in normal daily life using shorts with embedded EMG electrodes
Ghosts of crises past : comparing Japanese policy effectiveness in the 1970s oil crises and contemporary climate change
The water-energy nexus in the American west
Energy efficiency and recovery in pulp and paper making
Lives per gallon : the true cost of our oil addiction
Supply and demand of biomass based energy : rural people's perspectives in Bangladesh
Energy efficiency indicating tool in a steel plant
Energy : its use and the environment
Industrial energy efficiency : policies and programmes : Washington, DC, United States, 26-27 May 1994 : conference proceedings
Transport policy between economy and ecology
"We have spent the last two centuries building a civilization on coal and the last century building it bigger still on oil. Fossil fuels have been the wellspring of our complex, glorious modern world, but they are about to run out. By the end of the 21st century, our oil and natural gas supplies will be virtually nonexistent, and limited coal supplies will be restricted to only a handful of countries. Environmental scientist Steve Hallett and veteran journalist John Wright make abundantly clear that we are at the crest of a remarkable two-hundred-year glitch in the history of civilization and are about to embark on the decline. Experts may argue about whether peak oil production has already arrived or will come in a decade or two, but in any case, as Hallett and Wright show, we must plan for a future without reliance on oil. But successful planning depends on a realistic assessment of the facts about our current situation. To that end, they describe how the petroleum interval of the last century, on which our civilization is based, fits in to the larger history of civilization. They describe the fate of civilizations and empires of the past that have come and gone based on their vital connection with the environment. Turning to an even longer timeframe, the authors make a compelling case that the key determinant of our global economy is not so much the invisible hand of the marketplace but the inexorable laws of ecology. When it comes to the long term, nature will impose limits beyond which our economy cannot go. Despite increased emphasis on renewable and environmentally friendly energy sources, our current obsession with growth is ultimately unsustainable. The authors foresee the coming decades as a time of much disruption and change of lifestyle, but in the end we may learn a wiser, more sustainable stewardship of our natural resources. This timely, sobering, yet constructive discussion of energy and ecology offers a realistic vision of the near future and many important lessons about the limits of our resources".
GEO-2000 alternative policy study for Europe and Central Asia : energy-related environmental impacts of policy scenarios, 1990-2010
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Energy performance, technologies and challenges of new buildings in Russia and Scandinavia
Simulating energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions in Finnish residential buildings
A guide to energy management in buildings
A user guide on process integration for the efficient use of energy
Planning behaviour-driven energy efficiency interventions in a city context
Energy efficiency : the definitive guide to the cheapest, cleanest, fastest source of energy
Energy expenditure and substrate utilization during eccentric exercise in obese and diabetics
Energy and performance management of virtual machines : provisioning, placement and consolidation
Pump schedule optimisation techniques for water distribution systems
In favour of an energy-efficient society : study prep. for the Commission of the European Communities
Roadmap to greener computing
Aerobic fitness, energy balance and BMI are associated with training load assessed by activity energy expenditure
How we can save the planet
Energy consumption
Efficient middleware and resource management in mobile peer-to-peer systems
Household electricity demand in Finland : an empirical investigation for the years 1975-81
Healthy lunch option for the restaurant Martin Ravintola
Foreign direct investment, clean development mechanism, and environmental management : a case of Sub-Saharan Africa
Energy consumption of test buildings
Carbon democracy : political power in the age of oil
New aspects of energy utilization in the paper industry : experimental and theoretical work
The transformation of global energy markets
PV System Design and Feasibility Study for Juhannuslehto Business Park
Energy consumption in households
Energy efficiency in the meat processing industry : opportunities for process integration
Sustainable energy consumption and society : personal, technological, or social change?
Chile : energy policy review 2009
Sun, wind, and light : architectural design strategies
Intelligent information processing in building monitoring systems and applications
Energy consumption of workstations and external devices in school of business and information technology
Guide to Energy Management
Sticking and erosion at carbon-containing plasma-facing materials in fusion reactors
Public procurement of energy efficiency services : lessons from international experience
Energy in Finland. Pocketbook 2015
Learning from experiences with industrial drying technologies
Life-cycle assessment of a spanish wind farm
Energy, sustainability and the environment : technology, incentives, behavior
The environmental impacts of production and use of energy. Part 4, Comparative assessment of the environmental impacts of energy sources : phase III: assessment of tools and methods for incorporating the environmental factor into energy planning and decision-making
Modelling methods for energy in buildings
Green logistics : an energy and emission modeling for temperature controlled outbound transport
Studies on the mechanisms of TMP refining-Volume fraction of pulp in the inner refining zone
The GEO-3 Data Compendium aims to provide an overview of national, regional, sub-regiofnal and global statistical data sets used to prepare UNEP's 3rd Global Environment Outlook (GEO-3) report.
Oil crises and climate challenges : 30 years of energy use in IEA countries
Heating and cooling of buildings : design for efficiency
Effects of supplemental lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on weekly to seasonal heat and electricity use and CO2 emissions in cucumber growing were estimated in Finland. With moderate lighting (170 W m-2 above rows, 60 W m-2 inter-row) in a ventilated greenhouse, seasonal electricity and heat use (MJ kg-1 cucumber) were 20-50 and 10-25, 17-30 and 3-8, 38-55 and 10-18 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. In summer, a semi-closed greenhouse improved energy use efficiency by 20-30% and split-root fertigation by 0-15%. Raising light intensity and applying inter- row lighting allowed higher yields in autumn to mid-winter without affecting electricity use efficiency. In other seasons, increasing the lighting decreased the efficiency. The emissions largely resulted from electricity use. Direct emissions (kg CO2-eq kg-1) based on propane and electricity from the national grid were 2.5, 1.5 and 3.3 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. Efficiency of using solar and supplemental PAR was markedly lower in summer than in other seasons. The results provide profile of energy use and emissions and point to ways to reduce them.
Optimising energy-efficiency conditions for household appliances : a project plan
The sociology of energy, buildings, and the envrionment : constructing knowledge, designing practice
Energy and spectrum efficient wireless network design
Development of energy efficiency indicators
Energy consumption in drying section
Environmental Kuznets curves and some Danish experiences
Teollisuuden vuosikirja : 1993 = Årsboken för industrin = Yearbook of industrial statistics. Osa 1.
Optimisation of energy supply and demand in municipalities : the example of Tver
Energy sector in Russia : economic and business outlook
Green technologies in food production and processing
Challenges and opportunities for business advantage in Finnish pellet industries : results on literature review and retailer survey
Prediction and fault detection of building energy consumption using multi-input, single-output dynamic model
"Covering the fundamental principles and state-of-the-art cross-layer techniques, this practical guide provides the tools needed to design MIMO- and OFDM-based wireless networks that are both energy- and spectrum-efficient. Technologies are introduced in parallel for both centralized and distributed wireless networks to give you a clear understanding of the similarities and differences between their energy- and spectrum-efficient designs, which is essential for achieving the highest network energy saving without losing performance. Cutting-edge green cellular network design technologies, enabling you to master resource management for next-generation wireless networks based on MIMO and OFDM, and detailed real-world implementation examples are provided to guide your engineering design in both theory and practice. Whether you are a graduate student, a researcher or a practitioner in industry, this is an invaluable guide"
Abstract.
Dynamic environmental indicators for smart homes:assessing the role of home energy management systems in achieving decarbonisation goals in the residential sector
Energy in Finland. Pocketbook 2013
Energy consumption in wireless sensor networks : measuring energy consumption and lifetime
Energy efficient cities : assessment tools and benchmarking practices
Strategy for energy use in the iron and steel industry
Design of a Solar Thermal Powered Cooling System
The development of large-scale agricultural mechanization required to sustain food production, combined with limited conventional fuel resources, spurs on to better assess the time and energy investments required for commodities production. The proposed analysis is based on the description of field working dynamics collected on an experimental tractor during a plowing operation. The energy needs can there be characterized as having a dual alternating profile, depending on the tractor working phase within the field. As a result, two field oriented performance indicators consisting in time efficiency [h.ha-1] and area specific consumption [l.ha-1] are defined out of the profile characteristics. A model converting the draft of an implement into an engine running point is then developed to compute these indicators. The model is fitted on data collected over conventional bench tests, and is validated by an application to a plowing operation. Lastly, a sensitivity analysis on the operational parameters is conducted.
Environmental control principles : a textbook supplement to the ASHRAE handbook 1985 fundamentals volume
Executive summary (s. 9-19).
The end of energy obesity : breaking today's energy addiction for a prosperous and secure tomorrow
The transition companion : making your community more resilient in uncertain times
Heating Systems in Finland and China
From LED die to a lighting system : performance improvement in LED lighting by means of thermal management and smart control
Measuring willingness to pay for electricity : July 2002
Estimation and energy consumption using logic synthesis and simulation
Energy analysis of 3D model of building in ArchiCAD environment
This thesis was done for Oulu University of Applied Sciences Sula project. In the thesis electricity consumption of a garage was examined using classic time series analysis and search for correlation between power consumption and difference between outside and inside temperatures. Also, forecasts were made for power consumption and thermal conductance by applying linear re-gression. In thesis’s context thermal conductance was defined as power con-sumption needed to increase the temperature difference between inside and outside air by one Celsius centigrade. The purpose was to find a programmable way to detect a broken heating device from increased electricity consumption. The program should be able to run au-tomatically on the Sula server. Using time series analysis, trend and irregular components were detected from the electricity consumption measurement. With coefficient of determination linear correlation between the energy consumption and temperature difference was proven. Power consumption forecast had the difference between outside and inside temperature as the explanatory variable. The forecast was good at comparing the last measured power consumption with certain temperature difference to average power consumption with the same temperature difference. The fore-cast was slow in adjusting to different kind of power consumption when used devices were changed, because the forecast method requires high number of observations. If the used devices would always be the same then this forecast method would be suitable for the purpose. Conductance forecasts were faster in adjusting when the used devices were changed, but it can also be a downside because if the forecast adjusts too fast, it’s useless detecting increased consumption. The adjusting speed is deter-mined by the number of observations used. With high number of observations the forecast doesn’t adjust too fast and is more suitable for the purpose.
Calculating of energy consumption of the sports hall
Renewable energy and energy efficiency in China: : current status and prospects for 2020
50 ways to save water and energy
Effects of climate change on the production and consumption of electricity in Finland
Post-acceptance and follow-up energy audits for buildings : final report
Two major shifts in global energy markets have occurred over the past ten years. First, emerging economies now drive growth in global energy consumption and use more than half of all energy produced globally. The growth emphasis has clearly shifted to emerging economies. Second, traditional energy markets have been challenged by the arrival of unconventional hydrocarbons and plentiful liquefied natural gas. Renewable energy sources continue to meet an increasing share of consumption, yet even a few decades from now they will account for less than 20% of overall production. At the same time, access to unconventional oil and gas deposits has driven down production costs, especially in the United States and Canada. This has led to a dramatic drop in natural gas prices in North America even as energy prices have remained high in Europe.  Keywords: energy markets, shale gas, liquefied natural gas (LNG) .
Measures for improving engineering equipment with a view to more effective energy use
Energy Consumption-threshold monitoring system : Web User Interface
BIM (Building Information Model) is an emerging notion appeared in recent years. Since then a large amount of BIM programs has been released. EcoDesigner is one of such programs, which is dealing with 3D-models. The research in question focuses on the study and analysis of this program. The paper presents a 3D-model of a building and its examination. The main principles of the calculation have been determined. The thesis shows and describes the calculations of the energy consumption of the building. The manual calculation of the heating losses is presented and described. All in all, the objectivity of the data is established and confirmed. Software of this type is crucial and useful nowadays and has a significant potential in the future. The software of BIM will be further developed in diverse directions. Its improvement will simplify the work process of engineers.
Life without oil : why we must shift to a new energy future
Energy use in global food production : considerations for sustainable food security in the 21st century
A linear programming approach for the construction of energy and resource flow models
Energy efficiency and the choice of appliances
Essays on energy demand and household energy choice
Efficient use of energy in the industrial sector : an analysis of options for selected ESCWA member states
Environmental science in building
Energy use in rural Tanzania
In the servitude of power : energy and civilisation through the ages
The energy alternative : changing the way the world works
Molecular dynamics studies of the chemical sputtering of carbon-based materials by hydrogen bombardment
Peak oil  : a study of the phenomenon and possible effects and alternatives in Finland
Property management by calculatory methods
Foundations of green IT : consolidation, virtualization, efficiency, and ROI in the data center
Qualitative and quantitative efficiency of energy use : a model study on the energy ratio of Finnish economy 1970-90
A guide to efficient energy management in the tourism sector
Plant engineers and managers guide to energy conservation
Energy for the future
Mechanisms of thermomechanical pulp refining
Energy saving projects connected to the build environment in Baltic countries : seminar report
Energiatilastot. 1999.
Handbook of renewable energies in the European Union II : case studies of all accession states
Energy profiling of single-family houses built before 2010
Market Analysis of Environmentally Friendly Celulose Insulation Material in the Construction Business in Srinagar, India
Future prospects of sustainable development : towards the year 2030 in Finland
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Energy models for single-family buildings
Dry fine grinding of Norway spruce (<em>Picea abies</em>) wood in impact-based fine grinding mills
Living within a fair share ecological footprint
Effects of pulpstone grits in wood grinding
Governing the climate : new approaches to rationality, power and politics
Liquid biofuels : emergence, development and prospects
Alternative energy for dummies®
Renewable Energy Systems : Advanced Conversion Technologies and Applications
Energy in food processing
Energy and the transformation of international relations : toward a new producer-consumer framework
Modeling social phenomena in spatial context
Adaptation and analysis of program EcoDesigner : calculation of energy consumption
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Energy performance of current building stock in Scandinavia and Russia
Feasibility study on renewable energy systems and selected insulation applications : smart solutions for energy saving
Energy saving of central air-conditioning and control system : Case study: Nanchang Hongkelong Supermarket
Consumption of hard coal
Enterprises energy sustainability: ICT approach
Direct energy consumption and CO2 emissions in a Finnish broiler house - a case study
Renovation and Energy Evaluation : Viipurinpuisto Residential Project
Hydropower Reservoir and Sedimentation : A Study of Nam Ngum Reservoir
Energy audit II
Intelligent knowledge discovery on building energy and indoor climate data
Energy challenges in Northern Europe : Pan-European Institute 20th Anniversary Conference 27-29 November 2008, Turku, Finland : book of abstracts, 27-29 November 2008, Turku School of Economics
World energy crisis : a reference handbook
Energy policy analysis : A conceptual framework
Energy in paper and board production research programme 1993-1998 : final report
Intelligent energy field manufacturing : interdisciplinary process innovations
Distribution of power dissipation in a TMP refiner plate gap
Energy use worldwide : a reference handbook
Why should I bother about the planet?
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Strategic plan for the implementation of energy efficient renovation and construction in Northern parts of Russia
Energy simulation in building design
Energy policies of IEA countries : Germany 1998 review
