http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23825 friendliness to the environment
friendliness to the environment
The green museum : a primer on environmental practice
Analysis and life cycle assessment of printed antennas for sustainable wireless systems
Promoting Pintamestarit as an eco-friendly company
The sustainable home : the essential quide to eco building, renovation and decoration
Environmentally friendly machining
Wood in sustainable construction - a material perspective : learning from vernacular architecture
The greatest guide to green living
The role of ash-forming elements in bed material agglomeration and utilization of ash for the preparation of geopolymers
Material revolution II : new sustainable and multi-purpose materials for design and architecture
Green procurement in Kenyan hospitals : exploring the awareness and opportunities for Kenyan hospitals to implement green procurement
Architects, Designers, And Contractors are increasingly familiar with the policies, procedures, and guidelines for achieving sustainable, or "green" building standards. But what about the green building materials themselves? What are they, what are the options, and how shuld you decide what to specify? --
A maze of new products, manufacturers, and standards are routinely introduced, leaving professionals to wonder what's best for their projects. This handy primer--the perfect companion to Traci Rider's Understanding Green Building Guidelines--summarizes the materials available, compares their advantages and disadvantages, explains how to use them and explores the considerations for choosing among them. From eco-friendly sheetrock to sustainable paint finishes, it lays out the basics of green building products, helping architecture and design professionals make sense of the fast-paced building movement. --Book Jacket.
Strategies for Sustainable Technologies and Innovations
Green Marketing Plan Developments and an Investigation into its Application : A Case Study of the Left & Right Hotel, Shenyang, China
Textiles : concepts and principles
Environmentally responsible design : green and sustainable design for interior designers
Invisible nature : healing the destructive divide between people and the environment
Green Cleaning for Dummies
The shape of green : aesthetics, ecology, and design
Integrating sustainability into marketing and developing a new meaninful brand : case study: Green Company Effect
Greener Aggregate Industry
This publication aims to provide a source of inspiration for students, designers and companies, and all stakeholders whose interest lies in the area of sustainable fashion. The book presents approaches to fashion that embrace future-oriented value. Several chapters illustrate how effective fashion can be as transformative design or change agent experimentation. A sustainable approach can also reframe current business thinking and reveal opportunities for innovative business strategies. Sustainable Fashion proposes how we can make positive change in current practices and how to effect new mindsets, creating transformation in fashion.
Green homes : new ideas for sustainable living
Carbohydrates in sustainable development. II : a mine for functional molecules and materials
Green gone wrong : dispatches from the front lines of eco-capitalism
Knit, purl, save the world : knit and crochet projects for eco-friendly stitchers
Green apparel differentiation : a study on Finnish firms
Only planet : a flight-free adventure around the world
Cycling science : how rider and machine work together
Analyzing the impact on consumer satisfaction, behavior and at-titudes by using eco-friendly practices and products in Surfers Paradise/Gold Coast city hotels, Australia.
Building with earth : design and technology of a sustainable architecture
Greener products : the making and marketing of sustainable brands
Beyond green:/ : [sustainability & fashion]
Environmentally friendly production of pulp and paper
Product Service Systems design in the age of sustainability : A Case Study of City Car Club
Robert's Coffee
The influence of the accomodation sector on tourism development and its sustainability : case study: Strand Camping, Larsmo
Green IT solutions at present days
Sustainable design book
A concept for capturing fruit flies in domestic homes
Architecture & sustainable development : 27th international conference on passive and low energy architecture / proceeding 1
Green logistics in logistics industry in Finland : case:  Inex Partners Oy and Suomen Kaukokiito Oy
Attitudes towards sustainable development
Sustainable fashion : new approaches
Tecknological measurements in the mining industry in relation to environmentally friendly mining
How green is my library?
Integrating eco-innovation principles into regional strategy and policy : case of Päijät-Häme region, Finland
"Upholstered" chair : an alternative to foam padding
Eco-friendliness in the brand experience of high-tech products
Social dynamics for sustainable food systems : actors' orientations towards sustainability in primary production and public consumption
Architecture & sustainable development : 27th international conference on passive and low energy architecture / proceeding 2
Koke-a : touch, feel, and wake up the senses
What makes us environmentally friendly? : social psychological studies on environmental concern, components of morality and emotional connectedness to nature
Authentic wine : toward natural and sustainable winemaking
Ecology and the architectural imagination
A practical guide to greener theatre : introduce sustainability into your productions
Technical and economic feasibility of demountable building concepts
Sustainable fashion : what's next? : a conversation about issues, practices and possibilities
Turning challenges into opportunities : a carbon neutral vision for electricity and district heat for 2050.
Joensuu forestry networking week 2012 : green growth based on forests – New Wooden Products and Construction : Final Report
Conference proceedings : 15th international passive house conference 2011
A practical guide to greener, planet-friendly gardening. It includes garden layouts and planting plans, step-by-step techniques, a directory of 80 plants and over 500 photographs and illustrations. It shows how to reduce your garden's 'carbon footprint' and create a greener, ecologically sustainable garden by working with nature.
Perspectives on sustainability : eco-design principles for the Kone design team
The integrative design guide to green building : redefining the practice of sustainability
Green supply chain management practices and firm performance : evidence from Finland
Roadmap to sustainable textiles and clothing : eco-friendly raw materials, technologies, and processing methods
Greener approach to leather techniques
Earth calling : a climate change handbook for the 21st century
Knitting green : conversations and planet-friendly projects
Cause and Effect : visualizing sustainability
Sustainable ceramics : a practical approach
Earth-friendly waste management
Dimensionality of quality from a customer perspective in the wood industry
The connections between green economy and biomimicry
Material revolution : sustainable and multi-purpose materials for design and architecture
Carbohydrates in sustainable development. I : renewable resources for chemistry and biotechnology
Sustainability in the hospitality industry : principles of sustainable operations
"In Green Gone Wrong environmental writer Heather Rogers blasts through the marketing buzz of big corporations and asks a simple question: Do today's much-touted "green" producers - carbon offsets, organic, food, biofuels, and eco-friendly cars and homes - really work? Implicit in efforts to go green is the promise that global warming can be stopped by swapping out dirty goods for "clean" ones. But can earth-friendly products really save the planet?" "This narrative explores how the most readily available solutions to environmental crisis may be disastrously off the mark. Rogers travels the world tracking how the conversion from a "perro" to a "green" society affects the most fundamental aspects of life - food, shelter, and transportation. Reporting from some of the most remote places on earth, Rogers uncovers shocking results that include massive clear-cutting, destruction of native ecosystems, and grinding poverty. Relying simply on market forces, people with good intentions wanting to just "do something" to help the planet are left feeling confused and powerless." "Green Gone Wrong reveals a fuller story, taking the reader into forests, fields, factories, and boardrooms around the world to draw out the unintended consequences, inherent obstacles, and successes of eco-friendly consumption. What do the labels "USDA Certified Organic" and "Fair Trade" really mean on a vast South American export-driven organic farm? A superlow-energy "eco-village" in Germany's Black Forest demonstrates that green homes dramatically shrink energy use, so why aren't we using this technology in America? The decisions made in Detroit's executive suites have kept Americans driving gas-guzzling automobiles for decades, even as U.S. automakers have European models that clock twice the mpg." "This expose pieces together a global picture of what's happening in the name of today's environmentalism. Rogers casts a sober eye on what's working and what's not."--BOOK JACKET.
Environmentally benign photocatalysts : applications of titanium oxide-based materials
Sustainability strategies : when does it pay to be green?
Transport revolutions : moving people and freight without oil
How to create an eco garden : the practical guide to greener, planet-friendly gardening, garden layouts and planting plans, step-by-step techniques, a directory of 80 plants and over 500 photographs and illustrations
Green gone wrong : the broken promise of the eco-friendly economy
Green manufacturing : fundamentals and applications
Craft of use : post-growth fashion
The moneyless man
The big book of packaging
Paper- and membrane-based ion-modulated electronics
The fundamentals of interior design
Crafts for styling your wardrobe
Ecopolis : architecture and cities for a changing climate
Pro-environmental behavior : in and off work : a case study with EDP employees (São Paulo, Brazil)
Sustainable housing project : implementing a conceptual approach
The purpose of this thesis is to offer up to date information on the international students’ knowledge and attitude towards sustainable development in Oulu University of Applied Sciences. This thesis was commissioned by the Oulu University of Applied Sciences Sustainable Development Team. Similar study was conducted with the Finnish students in 2011. The research task was done in two parts. First the survey questions were translated to English and a few questions were added to gather more background information on the respondents. The primary research included data collection with an online survey, analysis and summary. The online survey was sent to all the students in English speaking degree programmes. The main conclusions from the survey were that the international students had good basic knowledge in sustainable development. Overall the students’ attitudes towards sustainable development were positive. Students felt that sustainable development issues are handled well in the schools everyday operations and that sustainable development teaching should be more practical.
The design and implementation of a power management feature to a configuration management system
Environmentally Friendly Luxury Hotel : case: Grand Palace Hotel, Riga, Latvia
Understanding green building materials
Environmental economics and natural resource management
Traditional construction for a sustainable future
Non-toxic printmaking
Identifying constraints and possibilities to environmental purchasing : transportation services
The main factors influencing green consumer’s purchasing behavior in Chinese clothing market Case RYB
Human and nature minding automation : an overview of concepts, methods, tools and applications
The significance of environmental responsibility on airline customers' intention to purchase
Green Chemistry : environmentally benign reactions
The research analysis of the green label's impact on the consumer purchase behavior
Paffy : a craft-kit for grandparents and their grandchildren
Energy consumption of workstations and external devices in school of business and information technology
Why shrink-wrap a cucumber? : The complete guide to environmental packaging
