http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23844 paper-mache crafts
paper-mache crafts papier-mâché
Papermaking science and technology. Book 10, Papermaking : part 3, finishing
Papier mâché : 25 creative projects shown step by step
Papermaking science and technology. Book 6, Chemical pulping. Part 2, Recovery of chemicals and energy
Evaluation of Finland's support to the Asian Institute of Technology
Papermaking science and technology. : Book 10. Papermaking : part 3, finishing
Papier-mâché monsters : turn trinkets and trash into magnificent monstrosities
Board packaging : english-finnish terminology
Easy to make papier mache
Odorous volatile organic compounds in waste and wastewater management
Papier-mâché : over 20 creative projects for the home
The effects of human resource management practices on firm productivity : preliminary evidence from Finland
The objective of this paper was to explore the subject of forestry partners programs, a type of wood supply resource to the pulp mills in Brazil, and its impact on the cost of eucalyptus wood, i.e. which changes did it cause in the cost of eucalyptus wood to the pulp mill, whether the wood coming from the programs are of a lower cost or more expensive to the mill and the influence of land charges in the cost of the wood. The second objective was to identify the reasons for the migration of the pulp producing companies to the Southern Hemisphere. The third objective was to verify the trend in use of forestry partners programs by the pulp mills in Brazil. The theoretical background for this research consist of Michael Porter's Five Competitive Forces Model, for addressing the competitive environment of the pulp and paper industry, and Porter's Three Generic Strategies of Competitive Advantage to provide the foundation for the analysis of the cost components of paper and pulp manufacturing in different regions in the world, the eucalyptus wood cost components and its competitiveness as a fiber resource for pulp production, and the cost competitiveness of forestry partners programs in the supply of eucalyptus wood for pulp manufacturing. Primary data was collected through face-to-face, semi-structured interviews with three experts in the pulp and paper industry, from Pöyry Forest Industry Consulting, and through open, self-administered questionnaires, sent to three experts of the Brazilian forest sector: one professor of forestry at the University of São Paulo, one responsible for the forestry partners programs at the world's leading exporter of market pulp, Aracruz Celulose, and one responsible for the forestry partners programs at Brazil's largest paper and paperboard producer, Klabin. The results of this study show an increasingly important role of fast-growing plantations for the supply of wood to the pulp and paper industry due to its cost competitiveness, which justifies the growing presence of pulp producing companies in the Southern Hemisphere, especially Latin America. The study indicates that the wood derived from forestry partners programs come at a cheaper cost to the mill, than the wood grown in the mill's own plantations. The biggest advantage of forestry partners programs to the pulp mill is, however, the non-mobilization of capital in land. The trend in the use of forestry partners programs is moving upwards, as pulp and paper companies in Brazil seek to enlarge the percentage of wood deriving from the programs to an average of about 20% by the next few years.
Palekh : the State Museum of Palekh Art
Bowls and boxes
Paper clay. Rosette Gault
The art and craft of paper
Printed functionality in the intersection of forest and ICT industries
Papermaking science and technology. Book 6, Chemical pulping. Part 1, Fibre chemistry and technology
Careers of managers, comparison between ICT and paper business sectors
The complete book of papercrafts : a truly comprehensive collection of papercraft ideas, designs and techniques, with over 300 projects
Finland-Wisconsin wood and paper industry cooperation : a report of the first phases of the cooperation
THE USBORNE BOOK OF PAPIER MACHE
Crafty activities : over 50 fun and easy things to make
The impact of forestry partners programs on the cost of Eucalyptus wood for pulp manufacturing in Brazil
Papier mâché : lots to do with paste and paper
Customer-supplier integration in the forest industry
The effects of a revision of the Emission Trading Directive for the period starting in 2013 on the European pulp and paper industry
Contemporary papier mâché : colorful sculpture, jewelry and home accessories
Paper & fabric mache : 100 imaginative & ingenious projects to make
The complete book of papercrafts : 26 step-by-step projects made from paper
Forest value chain optimization and sustainability
Papier mache : 25 creative projects shown step by step
Making your own papier mache
Exposure to sulphur compounds, cancer incidence and mortality in the Finnish pulp and paper industry
Paffy : a craft-kit for grandparents and their grandchildren
70 fabulous things to make with papercrafts : sensational step-by-step projects for cards, gifts wraps, papier-mâché, crafts and creative stationery with over 400 fabulous photographs
The green kingdom : Finland's forest cluster
Scenarios for the Finnish paper engineer's job up to 2025
EUCEPA, European Liaison Committee for Pulp and Paper : activities 1956-2006 : EUCEPA history
