http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23823 intelligent design
intelligent design
Critique of intelligent design : materialism versus creationism from antiquity to the present
God, chance, and purpose : can God have it both ways?
Why intelligent design fails : a scientific critique of the new creationism
The intelligent design debate and the temptation of scientism
By design or by chance?
Constructing origins : rhetorical analysis of evolutionist and creationist discourse online
Toward useful services for elderly and people with disabilities : 9th International Conference on Smart Homes and Health Telematics, ICOST 2011, Montreal, Canada, June 20-22, 2011 : proceedings
Evolution from creation to new creation : conflict, conversation, and convergence
Self-management in distributed systems : smart adaptive framework for pervasive computing environments
Science vs religion? : intelligent design and the problem of evolution
The Cambridge companion to science and religion
The history of design arguments stretches back to before Aquinas, who claimed that things which lack intelligence nevertheless act for an end to achieve the best result. Although science has advanced to discredit this claim, it remains true that many biological systems display remarkable adaptations of means to ends. Versions of design arguments have persisted over the centuries and have culminated in theories that propose an intelligent designer of the universe. This volume is the only comprehensive survey of 2,000 years of debate, drawing on both historical and modern literature to identify, clarify and assess critically the many forms of design argument for the existence of God. It provides a neutral, informative account of the topic from antiquity to Darwin, and includes concise primers on probability and cosmology. It will be of great value to upper-level undergraduates and graduates in philosophy of religion, theology, and philosophy of science.
" Tracing the growth of creationism in America as a political movement, this book explains why the particularly American phenomenon of anti-evolution has succeeded as a popular belief. Conceptualizing the history of creationism as a strategic public relations campaign, Edward Caudill examines why this movement has captured the imagination of the American public, from the explosive Scopes trial of 1925 to today's heated battles over public school curricula. Caudill shows how creationists have appealed to cultural values such as individual rights and admiration of the rebel spirit, thus spinning creationism as a viable, even preferable, alternative to evolution. In particular, Caudill argues that the current anti-evolution campaign follows a template created by Clarence Darrow and William Jennings Bryan, the Scopes trial's primary combatants. Their celebrity status and dexterity with the press prefigured the Moral Majority's 1980s media blitz, more recent staunchly creationist politicians such as Sarah Palin and Mike Huckabee, and creationists' savvy use of the Internet and museums to publicize their cause. Drawing from trial transcripts, media sources, films, and archival documents, Intelligently Designed highlights the importance of historical myth in popular culture, religion, and politics and situates this nearly century-old debate in American cultural history. "--
Intelligently designed : how creationists built the campaign against evolution
Darwin's black box : the biochemical challenge to evolution
An introduction to design arguments
A humorous look at intelligent design as presented through the religious beliefs of "Pastafarianism." It argues that the Flying Spaghetti Monster (FSM) is the real creator of the universe through a compilation of FSM scripture, observances, rites, and answers to the Big Questions of life.
The controversy over Intelligent Design (ID) has now continued for over two decades, with no signs of ending. For its defenders, ID is revolutionary new science, and its opposition is merely ideological. For its critics, ID is both bad science and bad theology. But the polemical nature of the debate makes it difficult to understand the nature of the arguments on all sides. A balanced and deep analysis of a controversial debate, this volume argues that beliefs about the purposiveness or non-purposiveness of nature should not be based merely on science. Rather, the philosophical and theological nature of such questions should be openly acknowledged. -- Review: 'This ground-breaking book epitomizes the balanced, scrupulous, and fair-handed intentions of the author. Kojonen analyzes the underlying philosophical and theological issues which structure the debate in order to lift up the strengths and weaknesses of both advocates and opponents of Intelligent Design. I highly recommend this book to theologians, philosophers, scientists and non-specialists who want to hear "good news" about the underlying connections on a topic which far too often divides both scientific and religious communities.' Robert John Russell, the Graduate Theological Union, Berkeley and the Center for Theology and the Natural Sciences, USA 'This is the most comprehensive, scholarly monograph on Intelligent Design to date, and Kojonen's well-balanced analysis is a welcome addition to the literature. This book is the best place for students and scholars to start if they are trying to understand the arguments surrounding ID.' Jeffrey Koperski, Saginaw Valley State University, USA.
Seeking God in science : an atheist defends intelligent design
Techno fashion
A unified theory of creationism : argumentation, experiential thinking and emerging doctrine
Seeing nature as creation : how anti-Cartesian philosophy of mind and perception reshapes natural theology
Intelligent tutoring systems in e-learning environments : design, implementation, and evaluation
The gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster
Smart fibres, fabrics and clothing
Intelligent design : a theological and philosophical analysis
Charles Darwin knew that there was a significant event in the history of life that his theory did not explain. In what is known today as the "Cambrian explosion," 530 million years ago many animals suddenly appeared in the fossil record without apparent ancestors in earlier layers of rock. In Darwin's Doubt Stephen C. Meyer tells the story of the mystery surrounding this explosion of animal life -- a mystery that has intensified, not only because the expected ancestors of these animals have not been found, but also because scientists have learned more about what it takes to construct an animal. Expanding on the compelling case he presented in his last book, Signature in the Cell, Meyer argues that the theory of intelligent design -- which holds that certain features of the universe and of living things are best explained by an intelligent cause, not an undirected process such as natural selection -- is ultimately the best explanation for the origin of the Cambrian animals. - Back cover.
Saving Darwin : how to be a Christian and believe in evolution
Darwin's doubt : the explosive origin of animal life and the case for intelligent design
Intelligent textiles and clothing
Marketing intelligent design : law and the creationist agenda
Intelligent design : William A. Dembski and Michael Ruse in dialogue
Politics in science : high modulation of engagement in intelligent design discourse
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Designing and experiencing adaptive lighting:case studies with adaptation, interaction and participation
"This book addresses intelligent tutoring system (ITS) environments from the standpoint of information and communication technology (ICT) and the recent accomplishments within both the e-learning paradigm and e-learning systems"--Provided by publisher.
No free lunch : why specified complexity cannot be purchased without intelligence
Intelligent design creationism and its critics : philosophical, theological, and scientific perspectives
Purpose in the living world? : creation and emergent evolution
The edge of evolution : the search for the limits of Darwinism
Creationism and the conflict over evolution
"Tracing the growth of creationism in America as a political movement as opposed to a science-religion issue, this book explains why anti-evolution, this peculiarly American phenomenon, has succeeded, as measured in terms of popular appeal. Conceiving the history of creationism as a strategic public relations campaign, it emphasizes ways that media have been used to spin creationism as a viable, even preferable, alternative to evolution. Understanding creationists' campaigns means understanding their popularity and appeal in American culture. Beginning with the rise of fundamentalism in the early 20th century, Edward Caudill traces the movement through the rest of the 20th and into the 21st century. He illustrates how the 1925 Scopes trial created the contours of the modern debate over evolution. Its primary combatants--Clarence Darrow and William Jennings Bryan--became the celebrity representatives of opposing sides in the battle over teaching evolution in public schools. He then draws parallels between the media's role in the Scopes trial and subsequent political campaigns against evolution represented by Moral Majority of the 1980s, the 2005 cases in Kansas and Dover, PA, current anti-evolution politicians, such as Sara Palin and Mike Huckabee, and highlight creationism's recent gravitation toward museums and websites as a medium of communication. Caudill draws from media sources, trial transcripts, films, as well as the archives to highlight the importance of historical myth in popular culture, religion, and politics and situate this nearly century-old debate in American cultural history"--
