http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2388 energy control
energy control
Regional Electricity Market Design
Energy conversion
Handbook of energy audits
Effects of gradual weight reduction on body composition, hormone concentrations, acid-base balance and power performance in male athletes
Managing the delivery and commissioning of nearly zero-energy building projects
Springer handbook of mechanical engineering
Energy management in buildings
Factors contributing to the imbalance between energy intake-energy expenditure in obese Finnish women
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : case Galaxo Ltd
Risks and prospects of smart electric grids systems measured with real options
Do current electricity market designs ensure a sufficient electricity supply at all times? This topic is currently the subject of intense debate across Europe, and several major countries such as Germany, the UK, France and Italy have decided that additional measures - so-called capacity remuneration mechanisms - are needed to supplement current market designs. This report describes and analyses the advantages and disadvantages of a range of measures proposed or currently implemented across Europe, and includes both best estimates of how the implementation of these measures will impact Nordic electricity prices as well as recommendations to the Nordic countries regarding a cost-efficient path to ensuring the Nordic security of supply.
Process redesign in development of forest biomass supply for energy
Development Possibilities in Municipal Energy Sector in Russia
Development possibilities in municipal energy sector in Russia
Basic environmental health
Security management : a critical thinking approach
50 ways to boost your metabolism
Perceptions and management of financial risks in the Finnish energy sector : 21st century financial risk management perspective
Facing global environmental change : environmental, human, energy, food, health and water security concepts
Energy efficiency in environmental permits
European Union foreign and security policy : towards a neighbourhood strategy
Contemporary security and strategy
In the age of globalization and internationalization it becomes more and more important for companies to enter new markets. Therefore, Finnish company Galaxo Ltd. located in Oulu, Finland intends to enter the German market and distribute its energy management system there. The purpose of this thesis was to prepare a marketing plan in order to provide useful information about the German market for the case company. Furthermore, there was a need for recommendations as the Finnish firm was not familiar with foreign markets, yet. The idea of this thesis topic was developed by the author with the support of Galaxo Ltd. Moreover, the first part of the marketing plan consists of analyses such as competitors’ analysis, stakeholder analysis, PESTEL analysis and SWOT analysis. These chapters are followed by marketing strategy which includes segmentation, targeting, positioning, mission statement and competitive strategy. Moreover, the company ́s objectives were outlined and the marketing mix, consisting of the 4 Ps: product, place, price, place and promotion, was suggested. The background knowledge for this thesis was provided by lectures of courses at Oulu University of Applied Sciences such as marketing, intercultural skills and international business strategy. Moreover, this basis was extended by books, articles and websites that offer in depth information regarding marketing issues as well as topics related to Germany. In addition, meetings with Hannes Huotari, CEO at Galaxo Ltd., and Anu Toljamo, sales manager at Galaxo Ltd., were organized. In addition, there was also e-mail contact with these representatives. Consequently, the case company was provided with the results of the marketing plan during the whole thesis process. The next step for Galaxo Ltd. is to apply the given information and recommendations and enter the German market. Therefore, the target group needs to become aware of the case company and their product Infochannel, which could be reached by implementing presentations and questionnaires for the potential customers, universities in the southern part of Germany.
Future bioenergy and sustainable land use
Energy-efficient industrial systems : evaluation and implementation
Building a foundation for smart energy management system
Chernobyl : a policy response study
Green IT strategies and applications : using environmental intelligence
Improvement of energy efficiency and municipal energy systems in Russia has been a goal for a number of different development projects. Most of the projects have been aimed to achieve better energy efficiency with some technical improvements. But the energy efficiency and quality of energy services has improved very little if at all. It is essential to understand the importance of the whole energy system and system level planning. Most of the energy losses and lowered efficiency as well as poor quality have been caused in system level. It is impossible to achieve the good results with increased quality of some independent equipment. This is because most of the losses and inefficiency is caused on system level planning errors and poor quality systems.     The overall efficiency in municipal energy systems is very high in Finland. District heating is an important part of the municipal or regional energy system. Almost 50 % of space heating in Finland is made by district heating. The share of combined heat and power production increased already during 1970s and 1980s when district heating in largest cities in Finland was growing very fast. Suitable amount of heat load is an essential requirement for combined heat and power production. In Finland about 75 % of district heat is produced in combined heat and power production plants for several years. Combined heat and power production also helps to decrease CO2 emissions in energy sector.     Having high quality norms and recommendations as well as high quality components does not guarantee high quality, reliability and a long lasting system. First, there is a need for a new design philosophy and for the optimisation of heat production. After that, there is a huge need for quality control systems in the Russian district heating. Particularly in the district heating network, this kind of system is needed. There will be a need for a quality management system in the norm or in other higher levels. Some parts of the quality system can be organized by the manufacturers or the district heating company's own quality management system. In some parts, there will be a need for independent quality inspections to be made by authorized organizations to give official and   independent status.
Green Trading markets : developing the second wave
The sustainable enterprise : profiting from best practice
Shouldering risks : the culture of control in the nuclear power industry
Technology`s promise : Expert knowledge on the transformation of business and society
Sustainable investing : the art of long-term performance
Lifestyle interventions in treatment of obese adults : eating behaviour and other factors affecting weight loss and maintenance
Fueling young athletes
Energy and power risk management : new developments in modeling, pricing, and hedging
Real-time thermal state and component loading estimation in active distribution networks
The governance of energy megaprojects : politics, hubris and energy security
Energy management in the built environment : a review of best practice
State of the world 2005 : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
The requirements and compliance of the Finnish act on energy efficiency in a large enterprise : a case study from the healthcare industry
"The fourth edition of Essentials of Exercise Physiology represents a compact version of the seventh edition of Exercise Physiology: Nutrition, Energy, and Human Performance, ideally suited for an undergraduate introductory course in exercise physiology"--Provided by publisher.
Use of the electrical energy in zinc electrowinning
Bright ideas? : environmental management in Finnish perspectives
Combined heating, cooling & power handbook : technologies & applications : an integrated approach to energy resource optimization
Exercise physiology : nutrition, energy, and human performance
Higher order moments in distribution modelling with applications to risk management
Solar engineering of thermal processes
Global energy governance : the new rules of the game
Fuck it : the ultimate spiritual way
Green technologies in food production and processing
The healing code : 6 minutes to heal the source of your health, success, or relationship issue
Dynamic environmental indicators for smart homes:assessing the role of home energy management systems in achieving decarbonisation goals in the residential sector
Decision analysis interviews on protective actions in Finland supported by the RODOS system
Energy harvesting solution for the UWASA Node : applications for wind turbine monitoring
Employee commitment to energy management : a qualitative interview study about employee commitment to energy management in industrial companies and public real estates
Renewable energy for your home : using off-grid energy to reduce your footprint, lower your bills and be more self-sufficient
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : Case Galaxo Ltd.
Test card's instrument driver
Feng shui life coach  : become the person you've always wanted to be with feng shui
BIM-based energy modelling using 3D software tools within early stages of designing process
Challenges to the development of energy performance measurement : a systems thinking approach
Global catastrophes and trends : the next 50 years
Beyond willpower : the secret principle to achieving success in life, love, and happiness
Climate governance in the Arctic
Analyzing the energy condition of the building
Geoscience for society : 125th anniversary volume
A guide to efficient energy management in the tourism sector
Plant engineers and managers guide to energy conservation
Facilitated workshop : a participatory method for planning of countermeasures in case of nuclear accident
Exercise physiology : energy, nutrition, and human performance
Bioenergy development : issues and impacts for poverty and natural resource management
Exercise physiology : nutrition, energy and human performance
Metabolic and cellular effects of calorie restriction and whey proteins in experimental obesity
Control of the equipment data in Foster Energia Oy's engineering process
Dynamic environmental indicators for smart homes : assessing the role of home energy management systems in achieving decarbonisation goals in the residential sector
Towards automated building energy performance simulation for BIM based renovation projects
Advanced control and instrumentation systems in nuclear power plants : design, verification and validation : IAEA/IWG/ATWR & NPPCI Technical Committee Meeting, Espoo/Helsinki, Finland, 20-23 June 1994
"Setting the standard for more than 30 years, Exercise Physiology has helped more than 350,000 students build a solid foundation in the scientific principles underlying modern exercise physiology. This Eighth Edition is updated with the latest research in the field to give you easy-to-understand, up-to-date coverage of how nutrition, energy transfer, and exercise training affect human performance. Get quick access to the resources available to help you master each section of the text with "Ancillaries at a Glance." Maximize your study time with the book's vibrant, "magazine style" design that makes the content more engaging and accessible and key information easier to find. Reinforce your understanding with Chapter Objectives, Integrative Questions that pose open-ended questions for reflection on complex concepts, and FYI sections that offer "good to know" information. Gain an understanding of how researchers contribute to our knowledge of exercise physiology through engaging section-opening interviews with key figures in the field. Learn how theoretical concepts relate to practical skills through "In a Practical Sense" features. Access the most relevant current information in the field through figures and tables that clarify important concepts and information. Gain an understanding of the past, present, and future of the profession through coverage of important milestones and future directions in the field. Visit the free companion website for anywhere, anytime access to over 30 animations of key exercise physiology concepts, the book's complete list of references, and more"--Provided by publisher.
Creating sacred space with feng shui ; Karen Kingston
The hedging performance of energy markets : a comparison between electricity,oil,coal, natural gas and CO2
Essentials of exercise physiology
Phase voltage control and filtering in a converter-fed single-phase customer-end system of the LVDC distribution network
The European Union and global emergencies : a law and policy analysis
