http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23821 smartphones
smartphones
Apps for learning : 40 best iPad/iPod touch/iPhone apps for high school classroom
The Iphone pocket guide
The iPhone in Finland : Smartphone 2.0 and the continuing evolution of the mobile phone
Samsung Galaxy S® for dummies®
Samsung Galaxy tabs for dummies
Aspect-oriented approach to testing : experiences from a smartphone product family
My smartphone and other digital accessories
Android photography : a guide to mobile creativity
Interference coordination for 5G cellurar networks
User interaction experiences on the touchscreen mobile device
iPhone 4S for dummies
The rough guide to the iPhone
iPhone : the missing manual
Windows Phone 7 plain & simple : your easy, colorful, see-how guide to Windows Phone 7!
iCloud : for iPhone, iPad, iPod, Mac, and Windows
Seminar on Internetworking, spring 2013 : recent developments in fixed and mobile Internet
Pogue's basics : essential tips and shortcuts (that no one bothers to tell you) for simplifying the technology in your life
Extraordinary everyday photography : awaken your vision to create stunning images wherever you are
The Xiaomi way : customer engagement strategies that built one of the largest smartphone companies in the world
Letters from the war of ecosystems : an analysis of independent software vendors in mobile application marketplaces
Foresights of mobile cloud computung
Apps for autism : an essential guide to over 200 effective apps for improving communication, behavior, social skills, and more!
Smartphone  cross-platform frameworks : a case study
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2013 : proceedings of the International Conference in Innsbruck, Austria, January 22-25, 2013
The third screen : the ultimate guide to mobile marketing
How to do everything : iPhone 4S
Leveraging social networking services on multipurpose public displays
Utilization of mobile phone as pointing device
The primary purpose of this thesis project was to compare the strengths and weakness of native and web development technologies. The aim was to provide small companies with basic information about these two approaches and to clarify how they can evaluate differences in development costs, licenses, and publishing market costs. The second purpose of this thesis project was to design and implement Fintia's web and mobile (Windows Phone) applications.     The implementation of Fintia's system was based on system and software requirements specification that were discussed and analyzed during autumn 2011 at HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences.    The various aspects of both native and web environments were described and evaluated ranging from development costs to app store publishing costs and licensing fees.    This thesis project did not cover setting up the environment for developing Fintia's applications, but it demonstrated the development phase from gathering requirements to the actual implementation. The applications have similar functionality on both environment/platforms showing the company's information, product list and products details. The comparison of the development process was discussed and the source codes for the both applications were appended in this thesis.    The web application was tested on most operating systems of smartphones and tablets available on the market and the results show excellent functionality and quality on all the devices. Likewise, the Windows Phone app shows excellent results and brilliant UI/UX. The implemented applications can be taken into use.
Adoption of smartphones : role of brand in adopting innovations
Learnability in the iOS and WinPhone guidelines for mobile applications developers
Google app inventor for Android
iOS 6 programming : pushing the limits
On wideband matching circuits in handset antenna design
My Pilates guru : your ultimate Pilates instructor
Samsung Galaxy Note for dummies
Motivation of Crowds' Online Participation in Crowdsourcing Community : A case of XIAOMI MIUI
How to unplug : get off your gadgets and start enjoying real life
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Android design patterns : interaction design solutions for developers
This paper reports on the process and findings of an extensive research project with the aim of investigating present initiatives and approaches within the area of community resilience and citizen involvement. The paper specifically addresses which emerging sociotechnical approaches can be discerned within these initiatives. The discussion is structured within three categories of potential voluntary engagement; organized volunteers, semiorganized individuals, and “nonorganized” individuals. The empirical material assembled in the research project is contrasted with contemporary international research literature regarding sociotechnical means for enhancing community resilience. Swedish approaches, as is noted in the Conclusion of the paper, are primarily focused on consuming information in the pre-event phase, rather than on producing information and engaging in collaboration in the response phase.
Optimizing location context methods for mobile applications when using GPS and Walkbase indoor positioning
Raising a digital child : a digital citizenship handbook for parents
Battle of the titans : how the fight to the death between Apple and Google is transforming our lives
Magnetometer integration challenges in smartphones
Usage of smartphone applications in tourism
Comparing buying decision processes between smartphone consumers : case Android, iOS and Windows Phone
""Anyone interested in the evolution of consumer behavior and the adoption of new technologies will appreciate the clarity of Martin's prose and the breadth of his vision."--Publishers Weekly"Marketing is ever-changing and The Third Screen mirrors the future of marketing. If you are new to mobile, this book makes sure you get it right!"--Jeffrey Hayzlett, best-selling author of The Mirror Test"Chuck Martin has more than all the facts. He has the soul of the idea. The Third Screen is thoughtful and valuable."--Chris Brogan, president, Human Business Works, co-author of Trust AgentsIn this fully updated new edition, Chuck Martin updates his essential marketing handbook for a rapidly evolving mobile marketplace. With more than one in every five people owning a smart phone or tablet worldwide, companies that fail to market to their ecommerce customers will be left behind. The book covers mobile video, SMS (text) messaging, location-based marketing, advertising and media, and inbound marketing and offers insightful case studies of top companies who are using these new platforms successfully.Chuck Martin is director of the Center for Media Research at MediaPost Communications, a research firm that analyzes the intentions of media buyers and planners. He is also CEO of Mobile Future Institute, a US-based think tank focused on marketing tactics for a world gone mobile. Martin is the author of eight business books, including the New York Times business bestseller The Digital Estate. He has appeared on CNN, CNBC, Fox, and ABC-TV News Now. "--
Step-by-step instructions with callouts to Windows Phone 7 photos so that you can see exactly what to do Help when you run into Windows Phone 7problems or limitations Tips and Notes to help you get the most from yourWindows Phone 7 device Full-color, step-by-step tasks walk you through getting and keeping your Windows Phone 7 working just the way you want.
Teaching generation text : using cell phones to enhance learning
Modern romance
iPhone application development for dummies
Scan me : everybody's guide to the magical world of QR codes : barcodes, mobile devices and hyperlinking the real to the virtual
Research on application markets for smartphones : hidden areas of industry when creating and marketing digital product
Vehicle monitoring system based on mobile platform
Recognizing human activities based on wearable inertial measurements : methods and applications
lighting system prototype that responds to a number of external and inbuilt phone sensors and manual phone commands. An application prototype has been built on AndroidTM and Bluetooth has been used to set up communication between the smart phone and LED controller.
My iPhone
Dogfight : how Apple and Google went to war and started a revolution
Smart phone based context-aware application for LED lighting
The objective of the research is to investigate the motivation factors based on which smartphone users decide to record emotional data and share in the social networks. One intention is to find out the motivations smartphone users have when they participate in the social networks and how these motivations persuade them to create content. Another intention is to determine the benefits of sharing that content.    The theoretical framework was based on Amarasinghe's intrinsic motivation and ex-trinsic motivation, Becker and Clement's basic motives of file sharing and motivation to free ride, Bishop's principles of action, and Burke, Marlow and Lento's mechanisms motivating contribution in social media.     The research was conducted in the form of deductive research using qualitative research methods. The main themes were established based on the literature review and the in-depth interviews were conducted based on the established themes. The data in this research was collected through semi-structured face-to-face interviews with three types of respondents: top user of a website, heavy user of social media, and sharer of file sharing networks. The analytical approach of the study was qualitative.    The findings revealed that smartphone users might have intrinsic motivation and ex-trinsic motivation but the decision to contribute is based on the principles of action. Basic motives of file sharing are the same. However, mechanisms motivating newcomer contribution in social media are not the same. The results showed how the organization owning the platform can benefit in many ways by carefully designing their website. It suggested that there are several features stimulating the sharing activities of a website's content.     In conclusion, smartphone users make the decision to record and share emotional data based on their own values and beliefs, the benefits they perceive from the social net-work provided by sharing their emotional data, and how well the social network is integrated with other tools of social media.
Post-Purchase Evaluation in the Smartphone Market: An Investigation into Cognitive Dissonance among iPhone and Other Smartphone Brand Owners
As Huawei mobile phone is more and more popular in Finland. Reasons behind this phenomenon should be found. Analysis of the reasons can help us to find the future trend of smart phone market in Finland. There are two main parts in this thesis: hardware part and market part. Hardware part compares the different models of Huawei mobile phone in different period. This can help us to know what had been developed on Huawei mobile phone. In addition, in this thesis will analyze the reports from different local companies, and compare the data of the reports. According to the analysis, the future trend of Huawei in Finland can be found. The main result is that Huawei will invest and develop more in European market. Since Huawei is also making a lot of developments in technology industry, the future trend in Finland is promising and Huawei will develop more mobile phones in the future.
iPhone for dummies
Mobile content services market in Finland 2009-2014
Provides information on using Android 3 to build mobile applications, covering such topics as creating user interfaces, working with menus, using the media framework, programming 3D graphics, managing preferences, using widgets, and working with Android Market.
Motivating smartphone users to participate in provoding and sharing data in social networks
Enhancing smartphone's usability for elderly in Finland
Covers all the major options from native development to web application development -- Discusses major third party platform development acceleration tools, such as Appcelerator and PhoneGap -- Zeroes in on topics such as developing applications for Android, IOS, Windows Phone 7 and Blackberry.
Basic iPhone Programming : Case: Dictionary Application
Framing the user experience in mobile newsmaking with smartphones
Apache Cordova in action
Provides lessons covering the features of the location-based social network.
Professional iPhone and iPad database application programming
iPhone and iOS forensics : investigation, analysis and mobile security for apple iPhone, iPad, and iOS devices
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
Online Food Shop for iPhone
BlackBerry Pearl 3G for dummies
Citizen response in crisis : individual and collective efforts to enhance community resilience
Professional NFC application development for Android
Planned obsolescence and consumer manipulation in high tech companies: case: smartphone Industry
iPhone all-in-one for dummies
iPhone® application development all-in-one for dummies®
Android apps marketing : secrets to selling your Android app
Design, implementation and use of a test model library for GUI testing of smartphone applications
The iPhone book : how to do the most important, useful & fun stuff with your iPhone
iPhone secrets : do what you never thought possible with your iPhone
Beginning Windows Phone 7 development
Social photography : make all your smartphone photos one in a billion
Windows Phone 7 application development for dummies
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
The analysis of Huawei’s trend in Finland: case Huawei mobile phone
Mindful tech : how to bring balance to our digital lives
BlackBerry for work : productivity for professionals
The handheld library : mobile technology and the librarian
Native and web technologies in smartphone software development : case study: Fintia Oy
Internet security made easy
The iPhone represents an important moment in both the short history of mobile media and the long history of cultural technologies. Like the Walkman of the 1980s, it marks a juncture in which notions about identity, individualism, lifestyle and sociality require rearticulation. this book explores not only the iPhone's particular characteristics, uses and "affects," but also how the "iPhone moment" functions as a barometer for broader patterns of change. In the iPhone moment, this study considers the convergent trajectories in the evolution of digital and mobile culture, and their implications for future scholarship. Through the lens of the iPhone--as a symbol, culture and a set of material practices around contemporary convergent mobile media--the essays collected here explore the most productive theoretical and methodological approaches for grasping media practice, consumer culture and networked communication in the twenty-first century.
Android programming : the Big Nerd Ranch guide
Coopetitive service innovation in mobile payment ecosystems
The acclaimed comedian teams up with a New York University sociologist to explore the nature of modern relationships, evaluating how technology is shaping contemporary relationships and considering the differences between courtships of the past and present.
Snapp shots : using smartphone apps for inventive photographic results
Coming up with this topic for the bachelor’s thesis was my own idea. However, my lecturer gave me the idea to use the current UbiPIll application and find out if anything else could be added to the application. The main aim of this thesis was to enable one to be familiar with smart phones that use Android and Google maps. In addition, it aimed at enabling one to be able to implement a computer application that can run on a real smart phone that uses Android platform. In order to achieve this, it was necessary to develop a Patient Location mobile application system. The application will be part of the Ubipill project and aimed at assisting the patients to take their medication on time especially the elderly patients. In addition, it had to assist nurses to be able to monitor their patients regularly more easily and effectively. Conducting this study involved a number of methods, materials and devices such as a computer, modem and a printer. The most fundamental one was the online reading materials that assisted in getting to know more about the UbiPill project. In the current world, mobile phones have become very important and vital devices that play major roles in the day-to-day life of human beings. This not only for the fact that they are very useful devices when it comes to communication but for the reason that they come with more and more interesting features with the advancing technology. People are changing towards making use of smart phones because they are able to assist them in doing many different things that an ordinary phone is not capable of doing. Among the things that people do with mobile phones is gaming, finding directions and remind patients to take their medication, which the basis of this research. Mobile phone manufactures have preinstalled games into the mobile phones and Google map application that assist people in finding the directions of a place.Since the development of mobile smart phones and its popularity, the integration of a computer application into a mobile application has been on the rise. These applications are developed to run on the Android mobile phone platform. This is for the fact that Android platform dominates the market of smart phones. The idea behind the application is that some patients forget to take their medication on time or even the caretakers forget to give medication to their patients. The application makes use of notifications to remind the nurses to give medication to their patients and gives them the direction to the exact location of their patients. Nevertheless, there are still possible future improvements that can be done on the application apart from the patient location. One such improvement is making the application to have the capabilities to show the exact correct medication dosage for a particular drug. The result of the study is a working application, which makes use of mobile phones to find the location of a patient that has not taken medication.
Professional iPhone and iPad application development
THE DEVELOPMENT AND USE OF PATIENT LOCATION APPLICATION
Developing Android applications with Flex 4.5
Android application development all-in-one for dummies
The everything guide to mobile apps : a practical guide to affordable mobile app development for your business
My Windows Phone 7
Student capabilities to utilize m-learning service in new smart phones
Smartphone Cross-Platform Frameworks : A case study
Making movies with your iPhone : shoot, edit, and share from anywhere
Post-purchase evaluation in the smartphone market : an investigation into cognitive dissonance among iPhone and other smartphone brand owners
Continuous context inference on mobile platforms
Agent based trust management in embedded devices
Abstract: Planned obsolescence and consumer manipulation in high tech companies.
iCreate : Helsinki
Analysis and evaluation of the security concerns of VoIP services on smart phones : a case study of the Android-based phones.
Food Scanner : barcode reader
Abstract: Post-purchase evaluation in the smartphone market : an investigation into cognitive dissonance among iPhone and other smartphone brand owners. Purpose    The main objective was to investigate whether iPhone owners experienced less cognitive post-purchase dissonance than other brand owners and was this due to the marketing communications efforts of Apple Inc., from hereon called Apple. Finally, the influence of Web 2.0 in the process of post-purchase evaluation was examined. Web 2.0 is a version of the Internet and it encourages towards user engagement on websites such as Facebook.    Methodology    A critical review of the literature on cognitive dissonance was carried out and an online questionnaire was sent out to three hundred and five people. Sixty-eight responses were received. Of the respondents, forty-nine had a smartphone, of which twelve had an iPhone and thirty seven had other brand phone. Both quantitative and qualitative research methods were applied, but the emphasis was on quantitative.    Findings    In many instances iPhone owners were more satisfied with their choice than the other brand owners. However, there were no particular indicators of the other brand owners being distinctively more dissonant than iPhone owners. There was no particular difference in the recall rate of traditional marketing communications efforts of Apple between iPhone and the other brand owners, but iPhone owners were significantly more present in Web 2.0 and recalled encountering iPhone more.    Research Limitations/Implications    The survey was carried out in the smartphone market with a small sample so caution needs to be taken when generalising the results. It would be interesting to study all brands as separate groups and compare the level of dissonance between them.    Practical Implications    The main conclusion was that more effort should be put on marketing communications in Web 2.0 when aiming to decrease dissonance.    Originality/Value    As there is little published literature or research on the Web 2.0 and cognitive dissonance in the smartphone market, this study provides valuable insight on smartphone owners' post-purchase evaluation and behaviour online.
Perception of privacy in smartphone applications : profiling users based on personality traits
iPhone life : e-lehti
Internet of things : data acquisition of rich-sensor smart phones
Current and future drivers and strategies of mobile advertising in Finland
The independent guide to the iPad
App savvy : turning ideas into iPhone and iPad apps customers really want
Working with jqTouch to build websites on top of jQuery
iPad and iPhone video : film, edit, and share the Apple way
Sams teach yourself Foursquare in 10 minutes
Chat application for a smartphone
Studying mobile media
iPhone & iPod touch QuickSteps
From usability to user experience in mobile learning applications
Revenue Models of Mobile Health Applications : Free-to-play applications
The use of smartphones among students in their education/social life : how smartphones are changing the way students are learning
Windows phone 7 programming for Android and iOS developers
101 Windows® phone 7 apps. Volume 1 : Developing apps 1-50
Who captures value in global supply chains? / : case Nokia N95 Smartphone
Beginning Windows Phone 7 application development : building Windows Phone applications using Silverlight and XNA
Android programming : pushing the limits
The smart phone photography guide : shoot, edit, experiment, share
Sensors in Smartphones
Smartphones in vocational tourism education : truly useful or just another reason to find new excuses
Testing the implementation of CRM software on mobile phones
Android programming : the big nerd ranch guide
The development and use of patient location application
Context awareness for navigation applications
Multitasking-Impact of ICT on learning
Android 6 for programmers : an app-driven approach
Idea to iPhone : the essential guide to creating your first app for the iPhone and iPad
Google on the Go : using an android-powered mobile phone
Professional windows phone 7 game development : creating games using xna game studio 4
