http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23845 competence inventory
competence inventory
The handbook of competency mapping : understanding, designing and implementing competency models in organizations
This text offers a practical and comprehensive guide for practitioners who are responsible for: Introducing a training program, Creating adult education programs, Assessing the development needs of a workforce, Improving individual, group, organization, or interorganizational performance in the workplace, Implementing community, national, or international development interventions. Designed as a resource for practitioners, this book is filled with how-to information, tips, and case studies. It shows how to use data-based needs assessments to frame people-related problems and performance-improvement opportunities, obtain support from those who are affected by the changes, make effective decisions, and increase efficiency. The book details four approaches to needs assessment-knowledge and skill assessment, job and task analysis, competency-based needs assessment, and strategic needs assessment. It also describes techniques for collecting and analyzing data, strategies for managing a needs assessment, ethical guidelines, models and theories, and frequently asked questions.
Managing your competencies : personal development plan
Essentials of personnel assessment and selection
A practical guide to needs assessment
The whole financial industry at the moment is going through a drastic change in terms of how customers interact with their own bank. The traditional way of doing business face-to-face has rapidly changed towards the customers using different digital channels to do their transactions. It is important that the employees have sufficient competence in these digital services to be able to give guidance to the customers and maintain a professional brand image. This thesis was commissioned by OP Turun Seutu, which is a member cooperative bank of the largest Finnish Financial Group OP-Pohjola. The goal was to identify the organizations current level of competence regarding the company?s own digital services. The research was conducted by using a quantitative research method. A questionnaire was sent to all of the 350 employees in the organization from which 252 responded. The research findings provided a solid foundation to the organizational training programme implemented in 2015.
The implementation of a competence master system
Mapping methods for design and strategy
Competence survey regarding organization's own digital services : case OP Turun Seutu
Towards vocational top expertise
