http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23830 asylum policy
asylum policy
European Pact on Immigration and Asylum and the Stockholm programme: lines of consideration in recent EU immigration policies with a view to policy coherence for development
Abstract.
Human rights in the OSCE region : Europe, Central Asia and North America : report 2005 (events of 2004)
Rights, deportation, and detention in the age of immigration control
Everyday clandestiny : experiences on the margins of citizenship and migration policies
Asylum migration to the European Union : patterns of origin and destination
The member states of the EU and immigration in 1994 : less tolerance and tighter control policies
The recognition of the refugee status of the child
Negotiating asylum : the EU acquis, extraterritorial protection and the common market of deflection
Fragmented state power and forced migration : study on non-state actors in refugee law
Immigration, asylum and social integration
Arguing and justifying : assessing the Convention refugees' choice of moment, motive, and host country
Whose freedom, security and justice? : EU immigration and asylum law and policy
This study deals with a constitutional principle of the EU: the rule of law. The EU Treaties leave no doubt that the rule of law is a 'universal value' on which the 'Union is founded'. This value is not bound to remain internal; EU external relations should also be guided by the principle. However, a lack of conceptual and legal clarity on the principle makes it uncertain how it guides external relations. The basic question this study poses is therefore what the role of the rule of law is in EU external relations. More specifically, this study analyses this role by focussing on the external dimension of EU migration and asylum policy. Over the years the EU has developed this external dimension of an originally internal policy field. Measures such as externalising border control, readmission of migrants to third states or mobility opportunities for third country nationals have been promoted. This relatively new area of EU external relations is characterised by a high degree of operational and human rights sensitive activities. For example, Frontex, the EU border agency, operates beyond Europe`s borders, sometimes on the basis of undisclosed working arrangements with third States.
New asylum countries : migration control and refugee protection in an enlarged European Union
Corporeal conjunctures no-w-here : failed asylum seekers and the senses of the international
Third world conflicts and refugeeism : dimensions, dynamics and trends of the world refugee problem
Executive summary (s. 1-9).
Who is a refugee? : a comparative case law study
Refugee rights and realities : evolving international concepts and regimes
The developing immigration and asylum policies of the European Union : adopted conventions, resolutions, recommendations, decisions and conclusions
Migration and mobility in the European Union
Europe and refugees : towards an EU asylum policy
"This book analyses the patterns of migration flow since the end of the Cold War and relates these to political and policymaking processes at EU level and among EU member states. It delivers an original and innovative perspective on the new dynamics of migration policy and the policy dilemmas facing European politicians"--
Rethinking refugee law
International legal standards for the protection from refoulement : a legal analysis of the prohibitions on refoulement contained in the refugee convention, the European convention on human rights, the international covenant on civil and political rights and the convention against torture
Community care for older people : a comparative perspective
"Greece has shouldered a heavy burden in the global economic crisis, struggling with political and financial insecurity. Greece has also the most porous external border of the European Union, tasked with ensuring that the EU's boundaries are both "secure and humanitarian" and hosting enormous numbers of migrants and asylum seekers who arrive by land and sea. The recent leadership and fiscal crises have led to a breakdown of legal entitlements for both Greek citizens and those seeking refuge within the country's borders. On the Doorstep of Europe is an ethnographic study of the asylum system in Greece, tracing the ways asylum seekers, bureaucrats, and service providers attempt to navigate the dilemmas of governance, ethics, knowledge, and sociability that emerge through this legal process. Centering on the work of an asylum advocacy NGO in Athens, Heath Cabot explores how workers and clients grapple with predicaments endemic to Europeanization and rights-based protection. Drawing inspiration from classical Greek tragedy to highlight both the transformative potential and the violence of law, Cabot charts the structural violence effected through European governance, rights frameworks, and humanitarian intervention while also exploring how Athenian society is being remade from the inside out. She shows how, in contemporary Greece, relationships between insiders and outsiders are radically reconfigured through legal, political, and economic crises. In addition to providing a textured, on-the-ground account of the fraught context of asylum and immigration in Europe's borderlands, On the Doorstep of Europe highlights the unpredictable and transformative ways in which those in host nations navigate legal and political violence, even in contexts of inexorable duress and inequality."--Publisher's website
The Oxford handbook of refugee and forced migration studies
Asylum in Europe. Vol. 1, An introduction
Migration and asylum law and policy in the European Union : FIDE 2004 national reports
The state of the world's refugees 1993 : the challenge of protection
"The first edition of The Law of Refugee Status (published in 1991) is generally regarded as the seminal text on interpreting the refugee definition set by the UN's 1951 Refugee Convention. Its groundbreaking analysis served as the bedrock not only for much judicial reasoning, but also for a burgeoning academic literature in law and related fields. This second edition builds on the strong critical focus and human rights orientation of the first edition, but undertakes an entirely original analysis of the jurisprudence of leading common law and select civil law states. The authors provide robust responses to the most difficult questions of refugee status in a clear and direct way. The result is a comprehensive and truly global analysis of the central question in asylum law: who is a refugee?"--
The exclusionary politics of asylum
The Refugee in international law
Refugee protection : a European challenge
No entry : immigration policy in Europe
Executive summaries: Spanish, Danish, German, Greek, French, Italian, Dutch, Portuguese, Finnish, Swedish (s. 203-301).
The politics of migration : managing opportunity, conflict and change
Security of residence and expulsion of aliens in Europe
Europe's area of freedom, security, and justice
Justice and home affairs in the European Union : the development of the third pillar
Refugeeship - a project of justification : claiming asylum in England and Sweden
The rule of law in the external dimension of EU migration and asylum policy : organisational dynamics between legitimation and constraint
Free movement of persons in the EU
New regionalism and asylum seekers : challenges ahead
Migration, immigration and social policy
The common european asylum system : background, current state of affairs, future direction
Britannia's embrace : modern humanitarianism and the imperial origins of refugee relief
European asylum law and the rights of the child
Current international refugee law and issues
Fragmented state power and forced migration : a study on non-state actors in refugee law
Asylum and migration policies in the European Union
Europeanizing contention : the protest against "fortress Europe" in France and Germany
Broadening the edges : refugee definition and international protection revisited
The state of the world's refugees 1997-98 : a humanitarian agenda
The law of refugee status
Reforming the common European asylum system : the new European refugee law
Gender, vulnerability and the obligation to return : an overview of return assistance to 'rejected' asylum seekers in the Nordic countries
Global changes in asylum regimes
Migration and refugee policy on the eastern border of the European Union
Securitization of human rights : North Korean refugees in East Asia
The third pillar of the European Union : cooperation in the fields of justice and home affairs
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
Migration and European integration : the dynamics of inclusion and exclusion
Prospects for sustainable return : Iraqi and Afghan asylum seekers in Finland
The European Union explained : migration and asylum : building an open and sage Europe
The asylum acquis handbook : the foundation for a common European asylum policy
Seeking asylum : human smuggling and bureaucracy at the border
Immigration and public opinion in liberal democracies
The ethics and  politics of asylum : liberal democracy and the response to refugees
The state of the world's refugees 1995 : in search of solutions
EU justice and home affairs law
Humanity at sea : maritime migration and the foundations of international law
"Through the examination of key issues and regional studies this book argues that asylum regimes throughout the world display convergent trends. It links human rights and asylum; it explodes the myth of international protection; it analyzes temporary protection based on the European model; it draws lessons from international protection in Kosovo; it evaluates European Union harmonization initiatives; it stresses the role of refugees as social actors; it develops the complexity of gender and refugee women's issues; it maps out theoretical and policy issues relating to return in Africa; it explores the relationships between asylum law and global liberal governance; and it demonstrates the changing role of human rights organizations."--BOOK JACKET.
Handbook on procedures and criteria for determining refugee status : under the 1951 Convention and the 1967 Protocol relating to the status of refugees
"In July 1999, Canadian authorities intercepted four boats off the coast of British Columbia carrying nearly six hundred Chinese citizens who were being smuggled into Canada. Government officials held the migrants on a Canadian naval base, which it designated a port of entry. As one official later recounted to the author, the Chinese migrants entered a legal limbo, treated as though they were walking through a long tunnel of bureaucracy to reach Canadian soil." "The "long tunnel thesis" is the basis of Alison Mountz's wide-ranging investigation into the power of states to change the relationship between geography and law as they negotiate border crossings. Mountz draws from many sources to argue that refugee-receiving states capitalize on crises generated by high-profile human smuggling events to implement restrictive measures designed to regulate migration. Whether states view themselves as powerful actors who can successfully exclude outsiders or as vulnerable actors in need of stronger policies to repel potential threats, they end up subverting access to human rights, altering laws, and extending power beyond their own borders." "Using examples from Canada, Australia, and the United States, Mountz demonstrates the centrality of space and place in efforts to control the fate of unwanted migrants."--BOOK JACKET.
Study on the feasibility of setting up resettlement schemes in EU Member States or at EU level, against the background of the common European asylum system and the goal of a common asylum procedure
Reading the political : exploring the margins of politics
Scope and content: "On the eve of the American Revolution, the refugee was, according to British tradition, a Protestant who sought shelter from continental persecution. By the turn of the twentieth century, however, British refuge would be celebrated internationally as being open to all persecuted foreigners. Britain had become a haven for fugitives as diverse as Karl Marx and Louis Napoleon, Simón Bolívar and Frederick Douglass. How and why did the refugee category expand? How, in a period when no law forbade foreigners entry to Britain, did the refugee emerge as a category for humanitarian and political action? Why did the plight of these particular foreigners become such a characteristically British concern? Current understandings about the origins of refuge have focused on the period after 1914. Britannia's Embrace offers the first historical analysis of the origins of this modern humanitarian norm in the long nineteenth century. At a time when Britons were reshaping their own political culture, this charitable endeavor became constitutive of what it meant to be liberal on the global stage. Like British anti-slavery, its sister movement, campaigning on behalf of foreign refugees seemed to give purpose to the growing empire and the resources of empire gave it greater strength. By the dawn of the twentieth century, British efforts on behalf of persecuted foreigners declined precipitously, but its legacies in law and in modern humanitarian politics would be long-lasting. In telling this story, Britannia's Embrace puts refugee relief front and center in histories of human rights and international law and of studies of Britain in the world. In so doing, it describes the dynamic relationship between law, resources, and moral storytelling that remains critical to humanitarianism today"--.
Pakolaisen oikeusasemasta Suomessa = Legal condition of refugees in Finland
Regent journal of international law : in collaboration with Handong International Law School / Vol. 7, issue 2
Calculated kindness : refugees and America's half-open door, 1945 to the present
On the doorstep of Europe : asylum and citizenship in Greece
On cosmopolitanism and forgiveness
Commentary: the politics of trauma and asylum : universals and their effects
A re-definition of belonging? : language and integration tests in Europe
EU immigration and asylum law : (text and commentary). Vol. 3, EU asylum law
Asylum procedure in Finland
Migration, borders and asylum : trends and vulnerabilities in EU policy
EU migration law : legal complexities and political rationales
Asylum seekers and refugees in the contemporary world
The irregularization of migration in contemporary Europe : detention, deportation, drowning
The uninvited : refugees at the rich man's gate
Proof, evidentiary assessment and credibility in asylum procedures
Negotiating Europe's immigration frontiers
Refugees : asylum in Europe?
The state of the world's refugees 2000 : fifty years of humanitarian action
