http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23837 anti-capitalism
anti-capitalism
Anticapitalism and culture : radical theory and popular politics
Red hunting in the promised land : anticommunism and the making of America
The clash of globalisations : neo-liberalism, the third way, and anti-globalisation
Inventing the future : postcapitalism and a world without work
Rebel cities : from the right to the city to the urban revolution
A small key can open a large door : the Rojava revolution
Living in hope : people challenging globalization
Presents a collection of essays by such authors as Noam Chomsky, Naomi Klein, and Evo Morales discussing the economic policies and conditions of the world today.
Dark matter : art and politics in the age of enterprise culture
A companion to Marx's Capital
Revolution in Rojava : democratic autonomy and women's liberation in Syrian Kurdistan
Restructuring and resistance : diverse voices of struggle in Western Europe
A truly awesome collection of writings from the frontlines of anti-capitalism. 566 pages long with contributions from Poland to Portugal and from organisations including CARF, CAGE, Earth First!, EuroDusnie, Greenpeace, Peasant Solidarnosc, Workers Solidarity Movement and Ya Basta! (the list could go on and on). We may be a "circus" Mr. Blair but we sure as hell know what we are talking about (in detail, with footnotes!). If you want to really understand why the cops are beating and shooting us, these are the ideas and actions they hate.
Socialism of fools : capitalism and modern anti-Semitism
People first economics
Capitalist realism : is there no alternative?
A major new manifesto for a high-tech future free from work  Neoliberalism isn't working. Austerity is forcing millions into poverty and many more into precarious work, while the left remains trapped in stagnant political practices that offer no respite.  Inventing the Future is a bold new manifesto for life after capitalism. Against the confused understanding of our high-tech world by both the right and the left, this book claims that the emancipatory and future-oriented possibilities of our society can be reclaimed. Instead of running from a complex future, Nick Srnicek and Alex Williams demand a postcapitalist economy capable of advancing standards, liberating humanity from work and developing technologies that expand our freedoms.
Networking futures : the movements against corporate globalization
