http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23894 managers and executives
managers and executives
Coaching educational leadership : building leadership capacity through partnerships
Managing growth in women-led ICT-companies : transforming technology into business
The noodle maker of Kalimpong : the untold story of my struggle for Tibet
The New Supervisor : Lead with Confidence
Leadership and dynamic group action
First sight
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
"Mintzberg asserts that conventional MBA classrooms overemphasize the science of management while ignoring its art and denigrating its craft, leaving a distorted impression of its practice. We need to get back to a more engaging style of management, to build stronger organizations, not bloated share prices. This calls for another approach to management education, whereby practicing managers learn from their own experience. We need to build the art and the craft back into management education, and into management itself." "Mintzberg examines what is wrong with our current system. Conventional MBA programs are mostly for young people with little or no experience. These are the wrong people. Programs to train them emphasize analysis and technique. These are the wrong ways. They leave graduates with the false impression that they have been trained as managers, which has had a corrupting effect on the practice of management as well as on our organizations and societies. These are the wrong consequences." "Mintzberg describes a very different approach to management education, which encourages practicing managers to learn from their own experience. No one can create a manager in a classroom. But existing managers can significantly improve their practice in a thoughtful classroom that makes use of that experience."--BOOK JACKET. Crump.
Mayor Rob Ford : Uncontrollable : how I tried to help the world's most notorious mayor
Ailing leaders in power 1914-1994
Religious leaders of the world
Students of coaching and coaches need the proper resources in order to enhance their practice. This handbook is an interdisciplinary collection of coaching theory and practice by over twenty practitioners from across five countries. It provides overview of all the theoretical constructs that are used in current coaching practices, and spans theories ranging from adult psychology to self-help. With summaries of theoretical traditions related to coaching and concrete applications, the book is ideal for coaches who want to better understand their practice, expand their toolkit, and increase their credibility.
Evaluation of manager competencies : an international comparative analysis
The beast in him
The 80/20 principle : the secret of achieving more with less
Margaret Thatcher : the iron lady
CEO compensation : a case study
Reliance on accounting performance measures and budgetary participation in a multinational environment
Transforming your STEM career through leadership and innovation : inspiration and strategies for women
Fifty key figures in management
Executive achievement. making it at the top
The managers : a new examination of the English, German, and American executive
Mastering leadership : key techniques for managing and leading a winning team
The aspect of mobility in the career paths of hotel managers of one hotel chain in Helsinki.
Executive stock options : exercise policy and market reaction
The alpha masters : unlocking the genius of the world's top hedge funds
Moral Tension in the Psyche: A Jungian Interpretation of Managers' Moral Experiences
The blazing star
Mutual fund manager turnover : changes in fund characteristics
Effective decision making : a practical guide for management
The International Handbook of Leadership for Learning brings together chapters by distinguished authors from thirty-one countries in nine different regions of the world. This handbook contains nine sections that provide regional overviews; a consideration of theoretical and contextual aspects; and, system and policy approaches that promote leadership for learning with a focus on educating school leaders for learning and the role of the leader in supporting learning. It also considers the challenge of educating current leaders for this new perspective, and how leaders themselves can develop leadership for learning in others and in their organisations, especially in diverse contexts and situations. The final chapter considers what we now know about leadership for learning and looks at ways this might be further improved in the future. This book provides the reader with an understanding of the rich contextual nature of learning in schools and the role of school leaders and leadership development in promoting this. It concludes that the preposition 'for' between the two readily known and understood terms of 'leadership' and 'learning' changes everything as it foregrounds learning and complexifies, rather than simplifies, what that word may mean. Whereas common terms such as 'instructional leadership' reduce learning to 'outcomes', leadership for learning embraces a much wider, developmental view of learning.
Supervisors' emerging role in second-generation knowledge management
Jeremiah Jellyfish flies high!
The book of leadership : how to get yourself, your team and your organisation further than you ever thought possible
Lean in : women, work, and the will to lead
The first-time manager
Study skills for managers
Leadership : enhancing the lessons of experience
Management gurus : what makes them and how to become one
Training Management Skills for First-line Managers : case: company X
CROSS-CULTURAL DIFFERENCES OF LEADERS : The Perception of the Chinese Working in Finland
How to grow leaders : the seven key principles of effective leadership development
A forest divided
The Boss
Business finance for managers : an essential guide to planning, control and decision making
21st century management : leadership and innovation in the thought economy
My spiritual journey : personal reflections, teachings, and talks
The duality of tactical thought : a study of how Swedish land forces' commanders view tactics in irregular warfare
"Never the twain shall meet" : expatriate management in Southeast Asia
Understanding executive stress
Headhunters and the 'ideal' executive body
The labor leader : an exploratory study
Principal selection processes in eight Finnish municipalities
The development of managerial skills : business reference guide
The discursive construction of leader identity: Tim Cook in a broadcast interview
The hotel assistant manager
The man who knew : the life and times of Alan Greenspan
Managers of the arts : careers and opinions of senior administrators of U.S. art museums, symphony orchestras, resident theaters, and local art agencies
The cauliflower
The changing world of the executive
Brilliant manager : what the best managers know, do and say
Beyond ambition : how driven managers can lead better and live better
Ms. Beard is weird!
Managing for dummies
The hot zone
Revolution and political leadership : Algeria, 1954-1968
Starting up your professional service enterprise : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Analysis of the effect of the change in board composition of the companies listed in London Stock Exchange FTSE 100 Index on the effectiveness of the boards’ risk management decision as measured by market-based beta between 2007 and 2010
Six Facets of Ethical Leadership : An Executive's Guide to the New Ethics in Business
Nelson Mandela : a force for freedom
Towards a trust-based model of leadership within the leader-member exchange theory framework : a qualitative study of leaders' trustworthiness in the SME context
The courage to grow : leading with intentionality
The executive challenge : managing change and ambiguity
Elephant in the room : how relationships make or break the success of leaders and organizations
Your career in hotels and motels
What's Worth Fighting for in Headship?
Crisis and renewal in one Finnish private school
The handbook of knowledge-based coaching : what we really do when we coach
Learning strategy as a guide to career succes in organizations
The communicational challenges of social organizations
How to work for an idiot : revised and expanded with more idiots, more insanity, and more incompetency : survive & thrive without killing your boss
Managers, not MBAs : a hard look at the soft practice of managing and management development
Manhunt : from 9/11 to Abbottabad - the ten-year search for Osama Bin Laden
Changing school management : status review - May 2012
Nasty Galaxy is part scrapbook, part inspo-journey - and 100% #GIRLBOSS. Filled with illustrations, photos and short essays that embody the style and spirit of the NastyGal brand, it is both a vivid visual compendium of Sophia Amoruso's influences and the perfect life bible for girlbosses everywhere. Featuring a foreword by Courtney Love, and with unique insights and inspiration from the baddest bitches across the globe, Nasty Galaxy approaches style, philosophy and advice in the same way #GIRLBOSS approached business: by turning it on its head. Warning: this is not a style book. It's not about how to mix prints - it's about how to leave yours on everything you touch.
Thinking about leadership
Deepak Chopra's Buddha : a story of enlightenment
Winning : the answers : confronting 74 of the toughest questions in business today
Intercultural communication from managerial perspective : challenges and ways to overcome them
One man will transcend death to seek vengeance. One woman will transform herself to gain power. And no one will emerge unscathed.... Thorvald Spear wakes in a hospital to find he's been brought back from the dead. What's more, he died in a human vs. alien war that ended a century ago. Spear had been trapped on a world surrounded by hostile Prador forces, but Penny Royal, the AI inside the rescue ship sent to provide backup, turned rogue, annihilating friendly forces in a frenzy of destruction and killing Spear. One hundred years later the AI is still on the loose, and Spear vows for revenge at any cost. Isobel Satomi ran a successful crime syndicate, but after competitors attacked she needed power and protection. Negotiating with Penny Royal, she got more than she bargained for: Turning part-AI herself gave Isobel frightening power, but the upgrades hid a horrifying secret, and the dark AI triggered a transformation that has been turning her into something far from human.... Spear hires Isobel to track Penny Royal across worlds to its last known whereabouts. But he cheats her in the process and quickly finds himself in her crosshairs. As Isobel continues to evolve into a monstrous predator, it's clear her rage will eventually win out over reason. Will Spear finish his hunt before he himself becomes the hunted?
Is there a third management style?
Today greater responsibilities are being put on regions to shape their own future. Thus, different kinds of regional collaboration arenas have emerged and an increasing number of regional collaboration projects are now crossing both county and nation borders. The object of interest in this study is the Bothnian Arc project. This project involves municipalities on the Swedish and the Finnish side of the Gulf of Bothnia. The aim has been to analyse opinions and experiences of Swedish actors regarding the Bothnian Arc as a region-strengthening project. The article is based on interviews with fourteen municipality representatives and a questionnaire answered by approximately 300 firm managers within the Bothnian Arc area.The Bothnian Arc is essentially a political project and this study shows that the policy creating institutions have not succeeded in transferring ideas and objectives to firms within the area. In fact, only 30 per cent of the firm managers were familiar with the project. More concrete projects adapted to firm interests were required by a few of the municipality representatives. Moreover, the municipalities closest to the Finnish border are more active and involved both on municipal and firm level. This tendency is primarily due to already existing traditions of collaboration with Finnish actors.
Relationship-oriented communicative managerial practices to promote effectiveness in long-term multicultural teams : managers' perceptions of their successful practices at a multinational organization
The life of Mahatma Gandhi
Management control in exploitation, exploration and organizational ambidexterity : the use and formalization of management control systems as antecedents for different modes of innovation
Summary in Dutch.
The Economist Intelligence Unit global manager : recruiting, developing and keeping world class executives
Mentoring executives and directors
Women and the new business leadership
Advancing leadership capacity: preparation of early childhood leaders in Australia through a coursework masters degree
The 4 imperatives of great leaders
Myths and realities of executive pay
Leadership and the computer
Leadership wisdom from the monk who sold his Ferrari : the 8 rituals of the best leaders
Women and leadership: factors that influence women's career success : female leaders' reflections on their career development and leadership
How to manage : the art of making things happen
Sparks erupt when Sedona Snow, who manages a small hotel and tavern on Rainshadow Island with her faithful sidekick, Lyle, and who is trying to put her tragic past behind her, catches the attention of a new Guild boss in town.
The managerial woman
How to be a positive leader : small actions, big impact
Learning from other Women : how to benefit from the konwledge, wisdom, and expierence of female mentors
Handbook of research in education finance and policy
Leaders and leadership
Do You Trust Your Boss? – A Jungian Analysis of Leadership Reliability in CSR
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
FemaleForum : competence for the future
"Transforming your STEM Career through Leadership and Innovation" offers valuable information on what it means to be a leader and innovator and encourages you to discover and develop these skills for yourself. This book integrates leadership and innovation principles with personal examples and profiles of inspirational women. By providing a clear process on how to build upon your personal strengths to realize leadership and innovation goals, this book will inspire you to pick up the mantle and meet the critical need for leadership and innovation in the STEM fields. This is a must-have guide that is relevant and valuable for women in all stages of their careers. It examines research-based leadership and innovation principles to make these critically important characteristics both real and attainable. It empowers you to build upon your own strengths and successes to discover and develop leadership and innovation skills. It features a companion website that highlights women's leadership success stories, innovation resources and best practices. It provides a practical guide that educates, encourages and equips you to pursue leadership and innovation opportunities.
Broken ladders : managerial careers in the new economy
Bolívar : American liberator
A preface to the psychological study of political leaders
Poor leadership and bad governance
Explores the changing business landscape of the 21st century and what it means for organizations. The author presents a new model for how to think about and handle the complex world of business from a managerial and innovative perspective with tips and tools for motivating and engaging your organization, clients and customers.
femaleForum : competence for the future
100 more great leadership ideas : from successful leaders and managers around the world
Commandant of Auschwitz : the autobiography of Rudolph Hoess
Executive compensation : money, motivation and imagination
From leader-centricity toward leadership : a hermeneutic narrative approach
Political leadership in India : an analysis of elite attitudes
Develop your leadership skills
Charismatic Leadership and Ethics from Gender Perspective
Gangster warlords : drug dollars, killing fields and the new politics of Latin America
Women's managerial careers in the context of the United Arab Emirates
Living leadership : a practical guide for ordinary heroes
Big bad beast
In a heartbeat
Swarm intelligence : what nature teaches us about shaping creative leadership
How to lead : what you actually need to do to manage, lead and succeed
There is a long tradition in leadership research, of focusing attention on the great and successful leaders and, more recently, on issues of good governance. This study breaks new ground by looking systematically into the manifestations and causes of poor leadership and bad governance in some of the world's most powerful democracies. Focusing on the presidents and prime ministers of the G8 - the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, Russia, and Japan - it explores the complex relationship between weak and ineffective leadership, undemocratic leadership techniques, and bad policies from a broad comparative perspective. What makes leaders weak or bad in different contexts? What are the consequences of their actions and behavior? And has there been any learning from negative experience? These questions are the center of this fascinating joint inquiry that involves a team of truly distinguished leadership scholars. This book will prove invaluable for scholars and students of leadership, political science, contemporary history, and related academic disciplines. Readers with a general interest in public affairs and political history will also find plenty to interest them.
International Handbook of Leadership for Learning
My people are rising : memoir of a Black panther party captain
In the Company of Women : Inspiration and Advice from over 100 Makers, Artists, and Entrepreneurs
The innovative CIO : how IT leaders can drive business transformation
Ethical team leadership : as construed by Finnish managers
THE INTERNATIONAL YEAR BOOK AND STATESMEN'S...56
Shoe dog : a memoir by the creator of Nike
National Leaders and the making of Europe : key episodes in the life of the European Council
Life of Buddha & his teachings = Buddha Win Yoke Sone
The outlaw Varjak Paw
Disrupted : ludicrous misadventures into the tech start-up bubble
Managers and lying: Constructing a framework for empirical analysis
Kone's prince : the colorful life of Pekka Herlin
Should There Be a Salary Cap for Top Managers in the Financial Sector?
Four-dimensional leadership : the individual, the life cycle, the organization, the community
Studies on corporate social responsibility in the Finnish small business context
Becoming an international man : top manager masculinities in the making of a multinational corporation
The new leaders : achieving corporate transformation through dynamic leadership
The Association Between Ethical Leadership and Employee Outcomes - the Malaysian Case
The Unsinkable herr Goering : a Farce of epic proportions
Estonian state puppet theatre : the first decades
The impact of executive compensation on managerial decisions : an empirical investigation
Pavilions by the sea : the memoirs of an hotel-keeper
The executive course : what every manager needs to know about the essentials of business
Leadership by design
The charismatic leader : behind the mystique of exceptional leadership
"In 'The Woman's Place is in the Boardroom' the authors put the business case for more women on company boards. In the next book they explained how to acheive it. Here the authors discuss the role women directors can play in the reform of corporate governance systems following recent financial, crises in leadership, governance and the economy"--
Changes in personal work goals in relation to the psychosocial work environment: A two-year follow-up study
A question of leadership : Gladstone to Thatcher
Practice perfect : 42 rules for getting better at getting better
An enabling environment for female leadership in Finnish comprehensive school
The woman's guide to management
Understanding brand strategy adoption by high tech SME managers
The new Tsar : the rise and reign of Vladimir Putin
And then there are none : on the exclusion of women in processes of executive search
This aspirational book doesn’t patronize young women the way many business experts do. Amoruso shows readers how to channel their passion and hard work, while keeping their insecurities from getting in the way. She offers straight talk about making your voice heard and doing meaningful work.
Limitless : leadership that endures
Social media for school leaders : a comprehensive guide to getting the most out of Facebook, Twitter, and other essential Web tools
At her majesty's secret service : the chiefs of Britain's intelligence service, MI6
Thief of shadows : a Maiden Lane novel
Innovation leaders : how senior executives stimulate, steer and sustain innovation
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
The strategic middle manager : how to create and sustain competitive advantage
Community Management and its role in a Business Model. : A qualitative study on online community’s progress in the business world and how it is used
Small rings in a long chain : The role of air traffic controllers in reducing the environmental impacts of aviation
The manager's book of decencies : how small gestures build great companies
This book is about building leadership capacity in indivudals and in institutions, through enhancing professional relationships. It is based on the importance of maximising potential, and harnessing the ongoing commitment and energy needed to meet personal and professional goals.
Boost your company's profits : tried and tested techniques for the profit-driven manager
The people of the sky
Paid to perform : an examination of the relationship between CEO compensation and firm performance in Nordic companies
The essential controller : an introduction to what every financial manager must know
Building leaders : how successful companies develop the next generation
How to think like a CEO : the 22 vital traits you need to be the person at the top
Spartacus : the gladiator
Corporate Executive Salaries – The
Argument from Economic Efficiency
Biblical Leadership: Insights for Today's Managers
Leadership in organizations
Becoming a manager : mastery of a new identity
Project management leadership : building creative teams
Interviewing skills for managers : a step-by-step guide to conducting successful workplace interviews
Reluctant managers : their work and lifestyle
Developing managers for the smaller business : a report on training and development needs
Organizational downsizing and the Finnish manager from an ethical perspective
The Rhino Records story : the revenge of the music nerds
The emergence of leadership : linking self-organization and ethics
Influence of corporate top management to safety culture : a literature survey
Harvard business review on becoming a high performance manager
On the firing line : my 500 days at Apple
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
Health risks of being a chef and its effects on chefs and the restaurant business
The leader assimilation and the leader-member exchange development process : a longitudinal case study
The impact of performance-based CEO compensation on company performance and valuation : a study of Finnish stock listed “new economy” companies
Competence framework for VET professions : handbook for practitioners
Management : principles and practices for tomorrow's leaders
Executive behaviour
Hunt for the new CEO : a review of the selection process
Strategy process in practice in Teva and Kemia merger
Henry Ford : the man, the worker, the citizen
Cross-border collaboration in the North. Viewpoints of municipal representatives and firm managers on the Bothnian Arc project
Narcoland : the Mexican drug lords and their godfathers
The connected leader : creating agile organizations for people, performance and profit
Mother leads best : 50 women who are changing the way organizations define leadership
COMPARISON OF LEADERSHIP STYLES IN CHINESE COMPANIES : Case Study: Wuhuan Engineering Co, Ltd.
Swedish top managers' images of local employers' work related cultural values in Hong Kong
The book of leadership wisdom : classic writings by legendary business leaders
Early childhood teacher or leader? : early childhood directors' perceptions of their identity
The Buddha : a beginner's guide
Aalto leaders' insight
This text provides a comprehensive survey of the major theories and research on leadership and managerial effectiveness in formal organizations with practical suggestions for improving leadership skills.
the Many facets of leadership
The agile business leader : the role of the champion
Multipliers : how the best leaders make everyone smarter
