http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23819 killing
killing
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 9, Echo of the assassin
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
Predictability of proceedings in international commercial arbitration: and is there a nordic way?
What every person should know about war
On killing : the psychological cost of learning to kill in war and society
Crossed. Volume 1
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 3, The flute of the fallen tiger
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 13, The moon in the east, the sun in the west
Lone Wolf and Cub. Vol. 17, The will of the fang
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 6, Lanterns for the dead
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 20, A taste of poison
What finished off the Sepra trade?
Ex terminators
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 1, The assasin's road
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 27 : Battle's eve / [translation: Dana Lewis]
Papyrus, tapa, amate & rice paper : papermaking in Africa, the Pacific, Latin America & Southeast Asia
Crossed. Volume 4
Crossed. Volume 3 : Psychopath
Little black lies
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 6 : Lanterns for the dead / [translation: Dana Lewis]
Julkishallinnon hyvä tilintarkastustapa = God revisionssed inom offentlig förvaltning = Good auditing practice in the public administration
Evolution and status of the precautionary principle in international law
Your face here : British cult movies since the sixties
Moral dilemmas of modern war : torture, assassination, and blackmail in an age of asymmetric conflict
Lone Wolf and Cub. [Volume 24], [In these small hands]
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 27, Battle's eve
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 12, Shattered stones
Coercive control : the entrapment of women in personal life
Crossed. Volume 5
The husband's secret
The finish : the killing of Osama bin Laden
Pride and prejudice and zombies : the classic regency romance - now with ultraviolent zombie mayhem
Tarnished icons  : an inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 10, Hostage child
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Kill or be killed. Volume one
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 5, Black wind
Dumb chocolate eyes
Earth defense force 4.1 : The shadow of new despair : PS4
Lone Wolf and Cub. Vol. 15, Brothers of the grass
Crossed. Volume 2 : Family values
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 7, Cloud dragon, wind tiger
In a mega-stakes, high-suspense race against time, three of the most unlikely and winning heroes Stephen King has ever created try to stop a lone killer from blowing up thousands.  In the frigid pre-dawn hours, in a distressed Midwestern city, hundreds of desperate unemployed folks are lined up for a spot at a job fair. Without warning, a lone driver plows through the crowd in a stolen Mercedes, running over the innocent, backing up, and charging again. Eight people are killed; fifteen are wounded. The killer escapes.  In another part of town, months later, a retired cop named Bill Hodges is still haunted by the unsolved crime. When he gets a crazed letter from someone who self-identifies as the "perk" and threatens an even more diabolical attack, Hodges wakes up from his depressed and vacant retirement, hell-bent on preventing another tragedy.  Brady Hartfield lives with his alcoholic mother in the house where he was born. He loved the feel of death under the wheels of the Mercedes, and he wants that rush again. Only Bill Hodges, with a couple of highly unlikely allies, can apprehend the killer before he strikes again. And they have no time to lose, because Brady's next mission, if it succeeds, will kill or maim thousands
Mr. Mercedes : a novel
Dangerous gifts : gender and exchange in ancient Greece
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 18, Twilight of the Kurokuwa
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 2, The gateless barrier
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 23, Tears of ice
Advantage of rare infanticide strategies in an invasion experiment of behavioural polymorphism
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 28, [The lotus throne]
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 25, Perhaps in death
It was one of those childhood friendships of convenience - two lads in the same village who go to the same school. But then Cassidy gets it into his head that they should set traps for rats in his garden, and things start to go very, very wrong / WorldCat.
Blood meridian, or, the evening redness in the West
Barkcloth : aspects of preparation, use, deterioration, conservation and display : seminar organised by the Conservators of Ethnographic Artefacts at Torquay Museum on 4 December 1997
The end of animal life: a start for ethical debate : ethical and societal considerations on killing animals
Men of wrath
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 8, Chains of death
A Host state regulatory right in Fair and Equitable Treatment (FET) in Bilateral Investment Treaties (BITs)
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 16, Gateway into winter
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 4, The bell warden
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 11, Talisman of Hades
The perfect kill : a personal history of modern assassination
Bulletstorm : PlayStation 3
Lone Wolf and Cub. [Volume 22], [Heaven and earth]
Against violence against women : the case for gender as a protected class
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 14, The day of the demons
Dylan is just an average, depressed grad student until a failed suicide attempt changes everything he knows and propels him, against his will, into a life of vigilante justice.
Shamanism and violence : power, repression and suffering in indigenous religious conflicts
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 21, Fragrance of death
