http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23847 competence management
competence management
Excellence in Coaching is the definitive guide to best practice in the coaching profession, presenting the latest thinking on key approaches and professional issues.
Coaching, mentoring and organizational consultancy : supervision, skills and development
Making sense of leadership : exploring the five key roles used by effective leaders
Managerial competencies and training needs in the Finnish and Estonian social and health care industries : The Health and Welfare Institutions Cooperation Network HEWENET -project
The global challenge : international human resource management
Leading with knowledge : the nature of competition in the 21st century
Innovations for competence management : conference proceedings
Competence survey regarding organization's own digital services : case OP Turun Seutu
Change Management Competence - Key Contributor to Project Success : Case: Nokia Solutions Networks / key project managers
Knowledge management : an interdisciplinary perspective
Making human capital analytics work : measuring the ROI of human capital processes and outcomes
A very short, fairly interesting and reasonably cheap book about knowledge management
The mentoring advantage : creating the next generation of leaders
"Critical insight from the man Fortune called "the world's leading expert on business strategy". About the only thing a leader can be sure of is that what worked yesterday is unlikely to work today, let alone tomorrow. Never before have businesses faced a more fractured, contentious and dynamic environment. If ever there was a need for fundamentally new thinking about values, competition, leadership, organization talent, and how these things are directly tied to management, it is now. Gary Hamel lays out an essential agenda in a world where old nostrums aren't merely useless, but downright toxic. Contains more than 25 standalone chapters in six sections that are brutally honest and tackle critical management and leadership challenges head-on Explains how to move from defense to offense, reverse the tide of commoditization, and outrun change Tackles how to effectively hack management, capture the moral high ground, and foster extraordinary contribution Written by one of the world's most prescient management experts and the acclaimed author of The Future of Management Concise and to the point, What Matters Now will inspire leaders to rethink their business, their management, and how they lead"--
Total performance scorecard : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Diagnosing and changing organizational culture : based on the competing values framework
The complete guide to knowledge management : a strategic plan to leverage your company's intellectual capital
Managing research, development, and innovation : managing the unmanageable
One page talent management : eliminating complexity, adding value
The whole financial industry at the moment is going through a drastic change in terms of how customers interact with their own bank. The traditional way of doing business face-to-face has rapidly changed towards the customers using different digital channels to do their transactions. It is important that the employees have sufficient competence in these digital services to be able to give guidance to the customers and maintain a professional brand image. This thesis was commissioned by OP Turun Seutu, which is a member cooperative bank of the largest Finnish Financial Group OP-Pohjola. The goal was to identify the organizations current level of competence regarding the company?s own digital services. The research was conducted by using a quantitative research method. A questionnaire was sent to all of the 350 employees in the organization from which 252 responded. The research findings provided a solid foundation to the organizational training programme implemented in 2015.
Knowledge creation and sharing in an organization : an empirical analysis of the new product development process
Self-leadership of Skilled Manual Employees at Vip Juicemaker Oy
"High-value talent management must be relevant to today's workplace Misplaced Talent takes a hard look at the cluttered field of Talent Management, and offers a clear guide to making better people decisions in any organization. Deliberately challenging practitioners to do more, this insightful discussion sorts through the tools and techniques developed over the last century to examine their true relevance to the modern workplace. You'll learn which activities show the greatest potential to improve the lives of employees and the organizations they work for, and identify which of your existing practices don't really add enough value to be worth the expenditure of time, money, and potentially lost talent. The author asks you to make up your own mind about which approaches work best for your own specific talent decisions, but provides the best theory and practice available today as a foundation upon which to formulate a more relevant strategy. In a world of big data, the potential to understand employees and react appropriately has never been greater. So why is Talent Management as an industry relying on outdated theory and practices? This book is a guide to bringing HR up to date, giving you the tools, techniques, and perspective you need to demonstrate more value to your organization. Adopt the tools and techniques most effective in today's workplace Identify and discard methods that don't add value to the organization Implement critical changes that can transform the HR function Make better people decisions based on psychology and research Fundamentally, not much has changed in what constitutes good people practice. Practitioners must demonstrate the value of Talent Management, but the solutions implemented often fall short of the rigor and discipline they deserve. Misplaced Talent provides the insight you need to refocus attention and engage your organization about the value of better people decisions"--
"Determine the value and ROI of human capital initiatives using big data analyticsMaking Human Capital Analytics Work shows how to use data to drive decisions and build support for the HR function. It explains how to develop relationships among variables, predict the success of HR programs, determine the cost of intangibles that are hard to value, show the business value of particular HR programs, and calculate and forecast the ROI of various HR projects and programs.Jack Phillips, Ph.D., is the founder of the ROI Institute and author or editor of more than 60 books. He conducts workshops, provides consulting services, and speaks at conferences globally. Patricia Pulliam Phillps, Ph.D., is president and CEO of the ROI Institute, Inc. She has authored or edited more than 30 books on measurement and evaluation. She regularly conducts workshops and provides consulting services worldwide"--
Analyzing the users needs for corporate portal : "case of a Finnish multinational"
The coaching habit : say less, ask more & change the way you lead forever
An age management challenge: a study on company knowledge transfer from senior emloyees' to the company's utilization :  research of KPMG Oy Ab
Project knowledge sharing arena : proceedings of scientific track Project Days 2010
Misplaced talent : a guide to making better people decisions
Management : an advanced introduction
What matters now : how to win in a world of relentless change, ferocious competition, and unstoppable innovation
Business Coaching & Mentoring For Dummies explores effective coaching strategies that guide you in coaching and mentoring your colleagues. With insight into key coaching concepts and an impressive range of tools, this easy-to-use resource helps you transform your team--and yourself in the process! Written from the perspective of a business coach, this comprehensive book explores the practical coaching skill set, tools, and techniques that will help you along your way, and explains how to identify who to coach, what to coach, how to coach, and when to coach. Whether you have experience in a coaching and mentoring role or you're new to the coaching game, this is a valuable must-have resource.
SELL IT SAP UPGRADE IMPLEMENTATION - SHOULD CHANGE MANAGEMENT BE AS EXTENSIVE AS THE EFFECT OF THE CHANGE?
Competence identification, assessment and development : case study: Merivaara Oy
Summary: Reciprocal development of the object and subject of learning.
Business coaching & mentoring for dummies
Management knowledge : a critical view
Talent force : a new manifesto for the human side of business
Guide of competence and knowledge management
Competence management and human resource development : a theoretical framework for understanding the practices of modern Finnish organisations
Workforce of one : revolutionizing talent management through customization
Encouraging learning and development : how to apply the Investors in People (IIP) standard : self-assessment work book : 25 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples. Part 2
Role of epistemological assumptions in knowledge transfer process
Leadership and management in service organisations
Excellence in coaching : the industry guide
Competency requirements of global software development : conceptualization, contextualization, and consequences
Innovations for competence management : book of abstracts : [May 19-20, 2011, Lahti, Finland]
Using feedback in organizational consulting
Designer Profile Model : a mentors tool for understanding the design persona of mature students
Core competencies of small and medium-sized enterprises in the medical technology industry
Managerial practices for enhancing workplace learning and developing core competences : case ABB Oy, Medium Voltage Products
Knowledge management in healthcare
Towards vocational top expertise
Effective people management
Managing the development of valuable intellectual capital : the role of management control
In the present economy where the only certainty is uncertainty and change is continuous, the one definite source of sustainable competitive advantage is knowledge and the ability to learn faster than your competitors. The concept of learning organisation has long been an object of debate and it is considered to be unattainable and even utopian. However, it provides a strong framework for organisational development attempts and useful tools that can be utilised for enhancing any kind of organisation's performance. The objective of this thesis is to provide a feasible framework for Budget Sport in terms of organisational learning practices that will lead to enhancing the strategic competencies of its shop level employees. The literature review begins by connecting learning organisation practice to a larger whole of strategic human resource development and competence management theories. This part also covers theories of learning, organisational learning, knowledge creation and sharing and obstacles for learning in organisations. The theoretical framework of this study is combined from these theories and its purpose is to support the empirical research. The research method was a qualitative interview of six interviewees who are employees of Budget Sport. They were chosen by their position in the company. Two of them are managers from the administrative side of the chain and four of them work in a Budget Sport store in Friisilä, Espoo. The interviews were conducted during April 2010. The results showed that in order for Budget Sport to enhance the strategic competencies of its shop level employees it has to improve its individual competence planning efforts and break down cross-departmental and cross-unit boundaries that prevent knowledge sharing. It also has to systemise its knowledge sharing attempts and provide better knowledge management tools for the Store Managers. There should be also more time dedicated for reflection and knowledge sharing within the organisation. Furthermore, learning-hindering attitudes of employees should be tracked down and tackled. In order to obtain continuous development, the company should create follow-up systems that ensure implementation of these actions.
HR from the outside in : six competencies for the future of human resources
"In the 1970s, Xerox pioneered the involvement of social science researchers in technology design and in developing better ways of working. The Xerox legacy is a hybrid methodology that combines an ethnographic interest in direct observation in settings of interest with an ethnomethodological concern to make the study of interactional work an empirical, investigatory matter. This edited volume is an overview of Xerox's social science tradition. It uses detailed case studies that show how the client engagement was conducted over time and how the findings were consequential for business impact. Case studies in retail, production, office, and home settings cover four topics: practices around documents, the customer front, learning and knowledge-sharing, and competency transfer. The impetus for this book was a 2003 Xerox initiative to transfer knowledge about how to conduct ethnographically grounded work-practice studies to its consultants so that they may generate the kinds of knowledge generated by the researchers themselves"--
Technology leadership for school improvement
Identification of talent in a multinational corporation and the challenges, problems and biases surrounding it
Agile retrospectives : making good teams great
Change management competence - key contributor to project success : case: Nokia Solutions Networks / key project managers
Talent management: Myth or Reality in Today's SMEs : A study into the importance and use of talent management within small and medium-sized enterprises
Agile talent : how to source and manage outside experts
Developing a purchase process : case: Prisma Peremarket AS
Competence management and measurement practices : current status and future development in If P&C Insurance
Global knowledge work : diversity and relational perspectives
Mentoring is the most cost-efficient and sustainable method of fostering and developing talent within your organisation. Mentoring can be used to stretch talented individuals, power diversity programmes and ensure that knowledge and experience is successfully handed down. As such, the benefits of a mentoring programme are numerous: the mentee receives a helping hand to identify and achieve goals and the mentor gets the satisfaction of helping others to develop. Organisations offering mentorship gain from improved employee performance and talent retention. Everyone Needs a Mentor explains what mentoring is, what various models there are and how these differ from coaching. It shows you how to make a business case for mentoring and then how to set up, run and maintain your own programme.
Organizational culture and absorptive capacity : the meaning for SMEs
Techniques for coaching and mentoring
Designing for growth : a design thinking tool kit for managers
This Master Thesis is focused on project leadership and the phenomena that exist in the project from the Project Manager’s point of view. The Thesis is based on one EU-financed building project. It is typical for EU-financed projects that the project organization consists of partners and the budget is based on program financing and the funding share of the partners. The project schedule is limited and after the deadline it is not possible to make any costs or tasks. The projects are also public. The project scope, partners and budget are often defined in advance and the project manager is recruited after that. The target of the Thesis was to figure out leadership phenomena in the project environment and construct them by using literature and research. The type of the thesis is case-study and narrative research and it is based on only one project. This is the reason why it is not possible to use a comparable or quantitative research. The leadership phenomena found were communication, trusting, motive and motivation as well as leading of know-how. Communication creates open and motivating atmosphere in the project. By communication one can increase people’s trust in each other and further keep minds open. An individual’s personal motive influences his / her behavior, for example a business motive can make a person try to advance his / her own interest instead of a common project target. Also project partners have different know-how, and together with their motives and motivation it shapes the capability of the project organization. These items make a great challenge for a Project Manager to lead people in the project and find the appropriate leader role.A result of this work is a chart on how to prepare viewpoints of the leadership during the project planning. The most important question is to evaluate the project partners both at the organizational and personal level as well as their motives to participate in the project. It also helps a lot when evaluating if there is a conflict of interests in the partner’s businesses and even when evaluating their personal know-how. This gives background information to estimate the project organization’s capability to achieve the target. By analyzing this background information one can define the role of the Project Manager. Information can also be utilized when recruiting the Project Manager. This information creates a communication plan or model for managing leadership aspects in the project.
Managing knowledge assets, creativity and innovation
Learning organisation as a driving force for enhancing competencies : case: Budget Sport
Summary.
Abstract: Windows into the systemic knowledge management.
Coaching competencies and corporate leadership
Coaching, mentoring and organizational consultancy : supervision and development
Knowledge management : an introduction
Analysis of mechanisms that motivate knowledge sharing : a case study
Agile Talent delivers the new road map for managing external, expert talent—showing how to assess, choose, attract, develop, and support these new kinds of talent. Authored by two veterans in talent, leadership, and strategic HR who teach and consult widely around the world, the book reveals how companies such as Apple, Uber, Airbnb, Google, IBM, and Bain Capital organize and manage new forms of talent in new ways. Supported by survey data and packed with tools and templates for applying these ideas, this book is the ultimate guide for winning the next war for talent.
"The field of human resource development (HRD) has emerged as one of the most dynamic and multifaceted areas of business and management for both academics and practitioners. Human Resource Development: A Concise Introduction is an engaging and succinct textbook that deals with HRD at a basic introductory level, covering the major areas of HRD, including strategic HRD, the interaction between leadership, talent management and HRD and HRD in large and small enterprises. With a unique blend of theory and practice, this text will help you to succeed in your HRD course and help you to develop important practical skills for your future career. Key features include: [bullet] A specially written Skills Development section, which provides guidance on developing your skills in presentation, time management and persuasion. [bullet] Spotlight on Skills features, which present the opportunity to diagnose problems and develop solutions in relation to each chapter, then watch video interviews with HR professionals to discover how they would approach a similar dilemma [bullet] Building your skills boxes, place you in the position of a line manager and encourage you to reflect on a variety of HRD related issues. [bullet] A chapter on Graduate Employability, discussing how the transferable, soft and hard skills of new graduates can best be developed In addition, the Active Case Studies and HRD in the News features, alongside a range of international examples, bring HRD theory to life. "--
The talent equation : big data lessons for navigating the skills gap and building a competitive workforce
Multinationals and cross-cultural management : the transfer of knowledge within multinational corporations
Beyond knowledge management
The Development of the Information Sharing Process by Lean Philosophy
Making work visible : ethnographically grounded case studies of work practice
The manager as mentor
Innovative workplaces : making better use of skills within organisations
Standardized knowledge transfer : a study of project-based organizations in the construction and IT sectors
Information pathways for the competence foresight mechanism in talent management framework
Leadership aspects in project : project manager's point of view
Everyone needs a mentor
"Knowledge management goes beyond data and information capture in computerized health records and ordering systems; it seeks to leverage the experiences of all who interact in healthcare to enhance care delivery, teamwork, and organizational learning. The book draws on relevant business, clinical and health administration literature plus the analysis of discussions with a variety of clinical, administrative, leadership, patient and information experts. The result is a book that will inform thinking on knowledge access needs to mitigate potential failures, design lasting improvements and support the sharing of what is known to enable work towards attaining high reliability. It can be used as a general tool for leaders and individuals wishing to devise and implement a knowledge-sharing culture in their institution, design innovative activities supporting transparency and communication to strengthen existing programs intended to enhance knowledge sharing behaviours and contribute to high quality, safe care. --
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Knowledge creation and sharing in an organization  : An empirical analysis of the New Product Development process
The coaching manager : developing top talent in business
Effects of Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series Standard and organizational learning on core competencies building
Knowledge Management in a Higher Education Institution : Case Oulu UAS
Scaling up excellence : getting to more without settling for less
