http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23855 level of income
level of income
Essays on family and labor economics
Social indicators : the EU and social inclusion
Preliminary findings from a survey on the economic and labour market situation of Finnish artists
Offers new policies in technology, employment, social security, capital sharing, and taxation that intend to narrow the income gap, defending them against the common arguments and excuses for inaction.
Welfare in transition : a survey of living conditions in Sweden 1968-1981
America : who stole the dream?
Essays on earnings and human capital in Kenya
The effect of rootstock on apple yield, productivity and alternate bearing was investigated at the Institute of Horticulture, Lithuanian Research Centre for Agriculture and Forestry during a six-year period in a full bearing orchard. Apple cultivars 'Ligol' and 'Auksis' grafted on M.26 semi-dwarf rootstock; M.9, B.396, P 66, P 67 and Pure 1 dwarf rootstocks; and P 59, P 22, P 61, P 62 and PB.4 super-dwarf rootstocks were tested. Rootstock had a significant effect on apple tree growth, average yield and cumulative yield efficiency. Alternate apple bearing did not depend on rootstock vigour. Constant correlations between bearing regularity, average yield and cumulative yield efficiency were not established and differed on a cultivar or rootstock level. On the average of both tested cultivars, a more regular apple yield was recorded on Pure 1, P 59 and B.396 rootstocks. A significantly higher alternate bearing index was established on P 67, P 62 and M.9 rootstocks.
Changing social equality : the Nordic welfare model in the 21st century
Why we can't afford the rich
Income statistics for the agricultural household sector : proceedings of the Eurostat International Seminar held in Luxembourg on 10 and 11 January 1996
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 3, part II
Does educational achievement help to explain income inequality
A comparative study on farmer' income
Consumption and uncertain access to the asset market
Education at a glance : OECD indicators 2003
Economics for the rest of us : debunking the science that makes life dismal
Socio-demographic factors and incidence of caesarean sections in Mozambique
Essays on work and fertility
It runs in the family : empirical analyses of family background and economic status
One country, two societies : rural-urban inequality in contemporary China
Summary.
Handbook of income distribution. Vol. 1
Structural adjustment and intersectoral shifts in Tanzania : a computable general equilibrium analysis
Rich man, poor man
Empirical studies of income distribution
The effect of rootstock on apple tree bearing stability in a cooler climate
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 2, part I
The effects of international remittances on poverty, inequality, and development in rural Egypt
Industry wage differentials in Finland, 1989
Understanding poverty
Essays on human capital and earnings in Finland
Pensions and pensioners' disposable income : trends in 1990-2005
Feminization of poverty and its economic determinants
On Finland's economic growth and convergence with Sweden and the EU15 in the 20th century
Inequality : what can be done?
Abstract (s. 7).
Assessing university students' prior knowledge : implications for theory and practice
Constrained life changes : intergenerational transmission of income in Finland
Socio-economic determinants of sickness absence
Fertility and welfare-categories in Finland : a need-theory approach to the size of family
Essays on the intergenerational transmission of disadvantage : the role of prenatal health and fertility
The population in the Sámi area of Finnish Lapland : a regional study with special emphasis on rates and sources of income
A panel study of migration, household real earnings and self-selection
Social indicators are an important tool for evaluating a country's level of social development and for assessing the impact of policy. Such indicators are already in use in investigating poverty and social exclusion in several European countries and have begun to play a significant role in advancing the social dimension of the European Union as a whole. The purpose of this book is to make a scientific contribution to the development of social indicators for the purposes of European policy-making. It considers the principles underlying the construction of policy-relevant indicators, the definition of indicators, and the issues that arise in their implementation, including that of the statistical data required. It seeks to bring together theoretical and methodological methods in the measurement of poverty/social exclusion with the empirical practice of social policy. The experience of Member States is reviewed, including an assessment of the National Action Plans on Social Inclusion submitted for the first time in June 2001 by the fifteen EU governments. The key areas covered by the book are poverty, including its intensity and persistence, income inequality, non-monetary deprivation, low educational attainment, unemployment, joblessness, poor health, poor housing and homelessness, functional illiteracy and innumeracy, and restricted social participation. In each case, the book assesses the strengths and weaknesses of different indicators relevant to social inclusion in the European Union, and makes recommendations for the indicators to be employed. Indicators for Social Inclusion in the European Union is being published at a critical stage in the evolution of the social agenda of the European Union. It is hoped that the report will play a role in widening public debate about the social dimension of Europe and that it will be of value to the social partners, to non-governmental and grass roots organizations, and to those living in poverty and social exclusion. It seeks to provide both a constructive background document at a crucial juncture in the evolution of the social dimension of the European Union and a reference work of continuing value.
Income distribution and social change : a study in criticism
Essays on income and fertility : Sweden 1968-2009
Income inequality and health : a multi-country analysis
Labour, life and poverty
Economic principles of consumption
Education at a glance : OECD indicators 2005
The effects of marriage partners' socio-economic positions on the risk of divorce in Finland
Industry wage differentials in Finland : 1989
Labour and inequality : sixteen Fabian essays
Studies on the determinants of migration and the spatial concentration of labour
Unequal pay for women and men : evidence from the British birth cohort studies
The price of inequality : [how today's divided society endangers our future]
Does education reduce wage inequality? : quantile regressions evidence from fifteen European countries
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 1, The cost of living in Sweden 1830-1930
American inequality : a macroeconomic history
Can migration decisions be affected by income taxation policies?
Economic development in the African least developed countries : explaining variations in levels of income per capita within a sample of the least developed countries using cross-sectional multivariate linear regression analysis = Ekonomisk utveckling i Afrikas minst utvecklade länder
Human diversity reflected in levels of purchasing power parity, democratization and the human condition
Poverty : a persistent global reality
On the path of a doctor : motivations and satisfaction of medical doctors in their career-related decisions
Readings in social welfare : theory and policy
"Understanding Poverty" provides a comprehensive and accessible introduction to the analysis of poverty and social exclusion covering the definition, measurement, distribution and causes of poverty and the policies developed to combat it. The third edition has been extensively rewritten and expanded to include recent developments in research and policy, while maintaining the successful broad approach of earlier editions. In particular, coverage of poverty dynamics and social exclusion has been expanded, with chapters covering targeted anti-poverty action and the new programmes developed since 1997.
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 2, part II
Income and welfare : a study of income as a component of welfare in the Scandinavian countries in the 1970s
The Road to Parenthood: Income and First Births in Sweden
Intergenerational income distribution : report of the Working Group on Intergenerational Income Distribution
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 3, part I
Studies on earnings dynamics and uncertainty in return to education
Redesigning distribution : basic income and stakeholder grants as alternative cornerstones for a more egalitarian capitalism
Rising wealth inequality and changing social structure in rural China, 1988-95
Money : who has how much and why
Interview and register data in income distribution analysis : experiences from the Finnish European Community household panel survey in 1996
Wage from work and gender : a study on differentials in Finland in 1985
Distribution of income : east and west
Employer size-wage effects in the Nordic countries
Families and poverty : everyday life on a low income
The Nordic countries have been able to raise living standards and curb inequalities without compromising economic growth. But with social inequalities on the rise how do they fare when compared to countries with alternative welfare models, such as the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Germany? Taking a comparative perspective, this book casts new light on the changing inequalities in Europe. It will be invaluable for students and policy makers interested in European social policy and living conditions.
Social welfare spending : accounting for changes from 1950 to 1978
Who are private alcohol importers in the Nordic countries?
Changing poverty, changing policies
Inequality in incomes and access to education : a cross-country analysis
Myths of rich & poor : why we're better off than we think
This paper considers the effect of income on the risk of having the first births in Sweden from 1968 to 2009. Variations by gender are given particular atention. The study follows men and women from the moment they turn 18 until they enter parenthood and it is based on register-based data covering the entire population of Sweden. Complementary log-log models show that there is a positive association between income and the risk of childbearing. The association gets stronger over time and the differences between men and women diminish. Gender differences appear when the income effect is related to the demand for work in the economy. An income above the median does not increase the risk of childbearing for women when the demand for work is relatively high.
Growing unequal? : income distribution and poverty in OECD countries
Compensation : theory, evidence, and strategic implications
Raising educational standards by means of school effectiveness : a quantitative study of ten senior high schools in the Ashanti region of Ghana
Koulutusaika kotitalouksien tuloerojen selitystekijänä = Schooling as an explanatory factor of the income differencies in households
Liberalization, globalization and income distribution
Migration and individual earnings in Finland : a regional perspective
The changing nature of inequality in South Africa
Years of poverty, years of plenty : the changing economic fortunes of American workers and families
Income poverty in advanced countries
Inequality : What everyone needs to know
Human capital and industry wage differentials in Finland
