http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23875 welfare policy
welfare policy
An introduction to human services
The Routledge international handbook to welfare state systems
The concept of well-being has been an elusive dream of humanity for centuries. It is spoken of in national vision statements and the dreams of poets. This book is a concrete exploration to date of not only what well-being can mean to the individual but also what policy cast in a context of well-being can mean for the private sector as well as the state.
Wellbeing and place
The Scandinavian model : welfare states and welfare research
Gunnar Myrdal's An American Dilemma: The Negro Problem and Modern Democracy persuaded many scholars that the United States failed to develop a robust welfare state because of its ethnic and racial heterogeneity, and, conversely, that homogeneity was a precondition for the creation of strong welfare states in European, especially Nordic, countries. With increasing diversity now challenging these welfare states, the kind of 'dilemma' that Myrdal identified no longer appears to be solely an American one. In this interdisciplinary volume, leading and emerging scholars examine the relationship between homogeneity and welfare state development. They trace Myrdal's influence on thinking about race in the US and explore current European states' approaches to the strangers in their midst, and what social citizenship looks like from a global perspective.Students and scholars of contemporary welfare states in the social sciences and policy studies will find this to be an insightful read, as the book challenges current perceptions. It will also be of interest to policy makers and practitioners looking to examine the historical context behind the politics of welfare states in the US and Scandinavia.
Post-communist welfare states in European context : patterns of welfare policies in Central and Eastern Europe
A welfare policy patchwork : negotiating the public good times of transition
On calculating welfare losses of taxation and public provision on the margin and to a degree
The basic minimum : a welfarist approach
Precarious Japan
Risk, social policy and welfare
The Oxford handbook of Swedish politics
Oulu 2006 : growth agreement
The welfare state reader
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Towards a social investment welfare state? : ideas, policies and challenges
The diverse impacts of the neoliberal social policies on children's welfare and social work with young people : the Finnish perspective
The consequences of the crisis of the 1990s to the Nordic welfare state : Finland and Sweden
Comparative welfare state politics : development, opportunities, and reform
Understanding Human Need : social issues, policy and practice
Political analysis & public policy : an introduction to political science
From welfare to innovation : STI policies under the spotlight
Social policy and economic development in the Nordic countries
"A common presupposition in contemporary moral and political philosophy is that individuals should be provided with some basic threshold of goods, capabilities, or well-being. But if there is such a basic minimum, how should this be understood? Dale Dorsey offers an underexplored answer: that the basic minimum should be characterized not as the achievement of a set of capabilities, or as access to some specified bundle of resources, but as the maintenance of a minimal threshold of human welfare. In addition, Dorsey argues that though political institutions should be committed to the promotion of this minimal threshold, we should reject approaches that seek to cast the basic minimum as a human right. His book will be important for all who are interested in theories of political morality"--
Multi-layered historicity of the present : approaches to social science history
Governing the welfare state and beyond : solutions for a complex world and uncertain future
Cultivating the masses : modern state practices and Soviet socialism, 1914-1939
Health in all policies : seizing opportunities, implementing policies
The Oxford handbook of the welfare state
Childhood : changing contexts
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Innovation in social welfare and human services
The future of social protection in a unifying Europe = Sosiaaliturvan tulevaisuus yhdentyvässä Euroopassa
So many roads and nowhere to go : how the Swedish Social Democrats are losing the battle about the Nordic model
Social development and public policy : some lessons from successful experiences
The age of dualization : the changing face of inequality in deindustrializing societies
Social tourism in Europe : theory and practice
Migrants and their descendants : guide to policies for the well-being of all in pluralist societies
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
"Social Housing--Housing the Social: Art, Property and Spatial Justice examines ongoing transformations in social housing and asks how these transformations are reflected in the aspirations and practices of artists. Housing provides essential shelter, but also gives form to the social. It represents and embodies the materiality of civic politics and thus demonstrates the uneven nature of spatial justice at local and global scale. For many years artists have contributed to the design and organization of structures of living together, often with ambivalent effect. Whilst many have imagined--and attempted to implement--radical new forms of social housing, as alternatives to both privatization and state provision, they have also ushered in waves of gentrification, thus contributing significantly to a story of capitalization now dominant within urban infrastructures. Social Housing--Housing the Social: Art, Property and Spatial Justice questions the politics of urban practice from a variety of geopolitical and disciplinary viewpoints, from liberal private initiatives to the Occupy movement, from Almere to Ramallah, mixing artistic and architectural contributions with those of sociologists, urban historians, philosophers, and activists"--Sternberg Press Web site.
This highly unique book takes a fundamental look at when and how a government can fail at its core responsibility of formulating rules. Government, representing society, relates to the economy by formulating the rules within which (market) players should operate. Although market and business failure are much discussed in the economics literature, government failure is often overlooked. This book addresses this gap, exploring in detail what constitutes government failure. Wilfred Dolfsma illustrates that it is not adequate to discuss government failure simply with reference to its level of expenditure, as is usually the case. Defining government failure and analysing it in the domains of health care, innovation and technology, he explores topics such as how market and society relate, consequences of conflicts between government policies, how government should (not) intervene, the vulnerability of institutions and rules (set out by government), and suggests a welfare perspective for evaluative purposes. This stimulating and thought provoking book will prove a fascinating read for academics, researchers and advanced students in economics - particularly public choice and institutional economics - public administration, policy studies, and law and economics.
Development and welfare policy in South Asia
Universality, selectivity, and effectiveness in social policy
Well-being in socio-political context : European welfare regimes in comparison
Attitudes towards the market and the welfare state : incorporating attitudes towards the market into welfare state research
The static welfare effects of the accession to the European Union on the Finnish agricultural markets
Reconciling the differences between Sanderson's and Vanhanen's results
Socially sustainable Finland 2020 : strategy for social and health policy
Working through barriers : host country institutions and immigrant labour market performance in Europe
The state of welfare : the economics of social spending
"This book celebrates Professor Pauli Kettunen on his sixtieth birthday. In Pauli Kettunen's scholarship as well as in this collection, history meets social sciences in a manner that render distinctions between the two unnecessary. This book challenges simplistic views to history as 'a background' or 'development', opening up sophisticated perspectives to many up-to-date debates on, for instance, nationalism and globalization or the Nordic welfare models."--Takakansi.
Fertility rate decline in Japan from the perspective of gender inequality and social problems of modern Japanese family
Social policy in the modern world : a comparative text
"Health in All Policies (HiAP) is an approach to policies that systematically takes into account the health and health-system implications of decisions, seeks synergies, and avoids harmful health impacts to improve population health and health equity. It is founded on health-related rights and obligations and has great potential to improve population health and equity. However, incorporating health into policies across sectors is often challenging and even when decisions are made, implementation may only be partial or unsustainable. This volume aims to improve our understanding of the dynamics of HiAP policy-making and implementation processes. Drawing on experience from all regions, and from countries at various levels of economic development, it demonstrates that HiAP is feasible in different contexts, and provides fresh insight into how to seize opportunities to promote HiAP and how to implement policies for health across sectors. Part I sets the scene with five chapters on the concept and history of HiAP, links between socioeconomic development and health, the social determinants of health, and the importance of preserving national policy space for health in a globalizing world. Part II assesses progress in eight policy areas including early childhood development, work and health, mental health promotion, agriculture, food and nutrition, tobacco, alcohol, environment and development assistance. Part III draws together lessons for the health sector, as well as for politicians, policy-makers, researchers and civil society advocates."
Wellbeing : policy and practice
Changing social equality : the Nordic welfare model in the 21st century
Equality of opportunity : the economics of responsibility
Politics and ideology in Canada : elite and public opinion in the transformation of a welfare state
Government failure : society, markets and rules
We present and test a theory of prospective and retrospective pocketbook voting. Focusing on two large reforms in Sweden, we establish a causal chain from policies to sizeable individual gains and losses and then to voting. The Social Democrats proposed budget cuts affecting parents with young children before the 1994 election, but made generous promises to the same group before the 1998 election. Since parents with older children were largely unaffected we use a differenceindifferences strategy for identification. We find clear evidence of prospective pocketbook voting. Voters respond to campaign promises but not to the later implementation of the reforms.
In this title, the main reforms in work and welfare are summarised and analysed to provide evidence of policy change and its main determinants to policymakers, researchers, and stakeholders interested in the field.
Handbook of social choice and welfare. Vol. 2
Where do concepts such as "welfare state" and "social security" come from and how does their meaning changed over time. This edited collection, written by a cross-disciplinary group of leading social policy researchers, analyses the concepts and language used to make sense of contemporary social policy.
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
The Routledge handbook of the welfare state
Local welfare policy making in European cities
From child welfare to child well-being : an international perspective on knowledge in the service of policy making
Reshaping welfare institutions in China and the Nordic countries
Welfare reforms in post-communist countries are determined by economic and social hardship, democratization of the political systems and rapid structural change. This groundbreaking book provides a comprehensive and systematic empirical assessment of the Central and Eastern European post-communist welfare states in the context of their Western European counterparts. Basing the study on new data on welfare entitlements and cluster analysis, Kati Kuitto systematically compares 26 European welfare states across three empirical dimensions. The author employs a multidimensional framework to analyze patterns of welfare policies and highlight spending priorities, financing and the generosity of welfare entitlements. Kati Kuitto thus sheds light on the hybrid patterns of welfare policies in post-communist countries as they have emerged after the period of transformation and discusses their future challenges. Unique and comprehensive, this is essential reading for researchers in the fields of comparative welfare state research and Central and Eastern European studies, as well as students and practitioners of social policy, social security and political economy.
Welfare state transformations : comparative perspectives
Government responsiveness to family policy in Finland, Germany and Italy : a comparative perspective
Summary.
Rights, scarcity, and justice : An analytical inquiry into the adjudication of thew welfare aspects of human rights
An introduction to social policy
Economic inequality : measurement and policy
Paradise lost? : the Nordic welfare states and the recession 1975-1985
South Korea under compressed modernity : familial political economy in transition
Selfish and prospective : theory and evidence of pocketbook voting
The true colors of Finnish welfare nationalism : consolidation of neo-populist advocacy as a resonant collective identity through mobilization of exclusionary narratives of blue-and-white solidarity
This volume examines the relationship between Nordic social policy and economic development from a comparative perspective. It identifies the driving forces behind the development of the Nordic welfare model and the problems and dilemmas the model is facing at present. The book also traces the link between democratization and social policy, drawing attention to the role of the state and non-governmental organizations. Social Policy and Economic Development in Nordic Countries examines Nordic social policies on unemployment, social care, family, education and health care policies, and reviews future challenges of the welfare state in the information society.
Transformations of the Swedish welfare state : from social engineering to governance?
The handbook of social policy
Social policy and social change : toward the creation of social and economic justice
Perspectives to global social development
Health in all policies : prospects and potentials
Applied welfare economics : cost-benefit analysis of projects and policies
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
A long goodbye to Bismarck? : the politics of welfare reform in continental Europe
Beyond welfare state models : transnational historical perspectives on social policy
Displacement of social policies
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Global frontiers of social development in theory and practice : climate, economy, and justice
The Oxford handbook of well-being and public policy
Respect : the formation of character in a world of inequality
Understanding social policy
Theory and practice of the welfare state in Europe in 20th century
Investing in social Europe
What is social policy? : understanding the welfare state
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
Government failure : a primer in public choice
Analysing social policy concepts and language : comparative and transnational perspectives
On calculating welfare losses of taxation and public provision
Class and gender in Russian welfare policies : Soviet legacies and contemporary challenges
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Welfare citizenship and welfare nationalism
Do federal social programs work?
European foundations of the welfare state
This book focuses on how EU welfare policies are implemented at the local level in 11 European cities and how local policy making addresses womenś care responsibilities. The book studies the complex combination of and the relationships between local political processes, policies, institutions, structural conditions and outputs, as well as outcomes for the womenś labour market integration. It demonstrates how cultural settings and multi-level governance patterns form the "playground" for local policy makers to formulate their welfare policies concerning service provision. The book further demonstrates how local production systems and the situation of the local labour market influence the prospects that women have in working and caring. EU welfare policy promotes the labour market integration of women as well as gender equality. The provision of adequate care services is vital in supporting womenś employment. Within comparative welfare research, the focus has been on the national welfare systems and policies even if care services are overwhelmingly provided by local authorities that in many EU member states enjoy considerable autonomy. This book fills the gap in understanding local welfare policy making from a comparative perspective.
Lifting up the poor : a dialogue on religion, poverty, & welfare reform
Common goods : reinventing European and international governance
Well-being and beyond : broadening the public and policy discourse
Workplace health promotion in Europe : the role of national health policies and strategies
The Nordic countries have been able to raise living standards and curb inequalities without compromising economic growth. But with social inequalities on the rise how do they fare when compared to countries with alternative welfare models, such as the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Germany? Taking a comparative perspective, this book casts new light on the changing inequalities in Europe. It will be invaluable for students and policy makers interested in European social policy and living conditions.
Dismantling public policy : preferences, strategies, and effects
An exploratory comparative study of the relationship between ethnic heterogeneity and welfare politics
Abstract.
Double standard : social policy in Europe and the United States
Caring culture : art, architecture and the politics of public health
Changing poverty, changing policies
A welfare policy patchwork : negotiating the public good times of transition / edited by Matilda Hellman, Gun Roos & Julius von Wright
Sokea vuosisata - synkkä tulevaisuus = A century of blindness - a grim future : Avoin puheenvuoro vapaan markkinatalouden umpikujasta - ihmislajin tuhoon? = A contribution to the discussion on the failure of the free market economy: will it mean the destruction of the human race?
Race, ethnicity and welfare states : an American dilemma?
Balancing family-centered services and child well-being : exploring issues in policy, practice, theory, and research
"Kees van Kersbergen and Barbara Vis explain the political opportunities and constraints of welfare state reform in advanced democracies"--
Mental health policy and the welfare state : a study on how Sweden, France and England have addressed a target group at the margins
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socioeconomic model : version 1.0., April 2013
The welfare state in Europe : challenges and reforms
A policy travelogue : tracing welfare reform in Aotearoa/New Zealand and Canada
The withering of the welfare state : regression
A Finland fit for children : the National Finnish Plan of Action called for the special session on children of the UN General Assembly
A recipe for a better life : experiences from the Nordic countries
Social rights and human welfare
The primacy of welfare politics : notes on the language of the Swedish Social Democrats and their adversaries in the 1930s
Back to the roots : a new social policy agenda for the welfare of the elderly in rural Tanzania :  the case of Bukoba district
The moral construction of poverty : welfare reform in America
The state and social welfare : the objectives of policy
Commissioning for health and well-being : an introduction
Robust political economy : classical liberalism and the future of public policy
The policies of inclusion : perspectives to disability policy in connection with changing welfare policy
A democratic architecture for the welfare state
The politics of the new welfare state
The almost nearly perfect people : the truth about the Nordic miracle
Workfare states
Understanding the policy process : analysing the welfare policy and practice
Resisting punitiveness in Europe? : welfare, human rights and democracy
Social housing - housing the social : art, property and spatial justice
