http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23893 work engagement
work engagement job engagement
Spicing up employee engagement : a case study of an open source program
The role of employees‘ commitment to "must-wins" strategy implementation
The enthusiastic employee : how companies profit by giving workers what they want
Work engagement and job performance : a meta-analysis of lagged and cross-lagged studies
Influencing work engagement in global corporation environment
Well-being and work : towards a balanced agenda
Work engagement : psychometrical, psychosocial, and psychophysiological approach
Motivation factors enabling positive deviance at workplace
Employee engagement for dummies
Occupational well-being : the role of areas of worklife and achievement and social strategies
"Last year 2,197 visitors came from around the world to visit Menlo Innovations, a small software company in Ann Arbor, Michigan. They made the trek not to learn about technology, but to witness a radically different approach to workplace culture- one intentionally designed to produce joy. CEO and Chief Storyteller Rich Sheridan removed the fear and ambiguity that typically make a workplace miserable. With joy as the explicit goal for Menlo's staff, as well as their clients and the people who use the products they create, Sheridan and his team changed everything about how the company was run. Now he offers an inside look at a shared belief system that influences physical space, embraces making mistakes, and eliminates meetings-all while fostering dignity and respect for the team. Joy, Inc. is for readers in any field who want tangible examples of a healthier, happier atmosphere at work-leading to the sustainable business results required for growth"--
Beyond boredom and anxiety : experiencing flow in work and play
Personal work goals put into context : associations with work environment and occupational well-being
This book is about employee enthusiasm: that special, invigorating, purposeful and emotional state that's always present in the most successful organizations. Most people are enthusiastic when they're hired: hopeful, ready to work hard, eager to contribute. What happens? Management, that's what. The Enthusiastic Employee is an action-oriented book that helps companies obtain more from workers - the basic premise is that under the right kind of leadership, the more one side wins in a collaborative relationship, the more for the other side. The book is heavily evidence-based (using extensive employee survey data) and lays out two basic ideas: the "Three-Factor Theory" of human motivation at work and the "Partnership" company culture that is based on the Three-Factor Theory and that, by far, brings out the best in people as they respond with enthusiasm about what they do and the company they do it for.
Advances in flow research
Nerve-wracking or rewarding? : a multidisciplinary approach to investigating work-related well-being, stress regulation and quality of pedagogical work among early childhood professionals
Work engagement : a handbook of essential theory and research
Engaged or Not? A Comparative Study on Factors Inducing Work Engagement in Call Center and Service Sector Work.
Summary of pilot cases
Improving employee engagement through leadership
The pleasures and sorrows of work
Between work & leisure : the common ground of two separate worlds
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to find out the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers and the elements of these factors. Work engagement is one part of work well-being. This final thesis was a qualitative study. The method for collecting data was theme interview, which is a qualitative study method. For this study I interviewed five kindergarten teachers. The data were analyzed by thematic analysis. As a theoretical framework I used work engagement, which is divided into three dimensions: vigor, dedication and absorption. Besides these three dimensions, I studied the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers from the perspective of job resources, job demands and personal resources. The results of the study contained information of the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers that I was able to categorize into five different stages of work engagement: the core of the work, the organizing of work, the communication and management stage, the organizational stage and the personal stage. All of the three dimensions of work engagement clearly emerged from the data. The results of this study lead to a conclusion that the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers are versatile. The results of this study might possibly be of help in strengthening the work engagement factors of kindergarten teachers as well as in recognizing the factors that can negatively influence the experience of work engagement of kindergarten teachers. People who are responsible for developing the field of early childhood education might benefit from the results of this study.
"CEO and Chief Storyteller Rich Sheridan removed the fear and ambiguity that typically make a workplace miserable. With joy as the explicit goal for Menlo's staff, as well as their clients and the people who use the products they create, Sheridan and his team changed everything about how the company was run. Now he offers an inside look at a shared belief system that influences physical space, embraces making mistakes, and eliminates meetings--all while fostering dignity and respect for the team. Joy, Inc. is for readers in any field who want tangible examples of a healthier, happier atmosphere at work--leading to the sustainable business results required for growth"--
Work engagement of kindergarten teachers
Looking good, sounding right? : style counselling in the new economy
Young managers' drive to thrive: A personal work goal approach to burnout and work engagement
Work Engagement of Kindergarten Teachers
Joy, Inc. : how we built a workplace people love
Work characteristics, personal resources, and employee well-being : a longitudinal study among Finnish firefighters
Innovativeness in Finnish workplaces : renewing working life to bring Finland to bloom
"Achieving employee engagement is crucial to the success and continued high performance of any organization. But with budgets tighter than ever before, economic struggles and an increasingly stressful workplace for staff, this has become a difficult task.Aimed at HR practitioners and managers Employee Engagement offers a complete, practical resource for understanding, measuring and building engagement. With a focused approach on Positive Psychology, it also offers case studies, practical tools, techniques and diagnostics to help assess and drive engagement in an organization. "--
Culture matters : the leader-follower relationship in the Chinese organizational context
Case study summary report
Drive : the surprising truth about what motivates us
