http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23861 conflict management
conflict management
The extraterritorial reach of the European convention in flux : the attribution of conduct and the extraterritorial application of the European convention in the European Union Civilian missions
Creative conflict resolution : more than 200 activities for keeping peace in the classroom
Russia's approach to arms control, peace mediation and national dialogues
Interpersonal skills for portfolio, program, and project managers
Theorizing post-conflict reconciliation : agonism, restitution and repair
Making sense of intractable environmental conflicts : concepts and cases
The new extremism in 21st century Britain
Religion and identity in post-conflict societies
"This book provides a comprehensive, interdisciplinary, and holistic analysis of the socio-psychological dynamics of intractable conflicts. Daniel Bar-Tal,Ŵs original conceptual framework is supported by evidence drawn from different disciplines, including empirical data and illustrative case studies. His analysis rests on the premise that intractable conflicts share certain socio-psychological foundations, despite differences in context and other characteristics. He describes a full cycle of intractable conflicts ,Ŭ their outbreak, escalation, and reconciliation through peace building. Bar-Tal,Ŵs framework provides a broad theoretical view of the of the socio-psychological repertoire that develops in the course of long-term and violent conflicts, outlines the factors affecting its formation, demonstrates how it is maintained, points out its functions, and describes its consequences. The book also elaborates on the contents, processes, and other factors involved in the peace building process"--
Peace research : theory and practice
The Ashgate research companion to war : origins and prevention
International relations in Southeast Asia : the struggle for autonomy
Managing environmental disputes : network management as an alternative
How to reduce workplace conflict and stress : how leaders and their employees can protect their sanity and productivity from tension and turf wars
Hybrid forms of peace : from everyday agency to post-liberalism
Education, conflict and reconciliation : international perspectives
Managing conflict through communication
"William Ury, coauthor of the international bestseller Getting to Yes, returns with another groundbreaking book, this time asking: how can we expect to get to yes with others if we haven't first gotten to yes with ourselves? Renowned negotiation expert William Ury has taught tens of thousands of people from all walks of life--managers, lawyers, factory workers, coal miners, schoolteachers, diplomats, and government officials--how to become better negotiators. Over the years, Ury has discovered that the greatest obstacle to successful agreements and satisfying relationships is not the other side, as difficult as they can be. The biggest obstacle is actually our own selves--our natural tendency to react in ways that do not serve our true interests. But this obstacle can also become our biggest opportunity, Ury argues. If we learn to understand and influence ourselves first, we lay the groundwork for understanding and influencing others. In this prequel to Getting to Yes, Ury offers a seven-step method to help you reach agreement with yourself first, dramatically improving your ability to negotiate with others. Practical and effective, Getting to Yes with Yourself helps readers reach good agreements with others, develop healthy relationships, make their businesses more productive, and live far more satisfying lives"
The limitation of conflict : a theory of bargaining and negotiation
The promise of mediation : the transformative approach to conflict
Balancing conflicting tertiary stakeholder expectations : management perspective
F*ck feelings : one shrink's practical advice for managing all life's impossible problems
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
Emergencies in public law : the legal politics of containment
Designing together : the collaboration and conflict management handbook for creative professionals
Gender equality in peace processes - is it all just genderwashed? : how UNSCR 1325 is implemented and understood in Sweden
Getting disputes resolved : designing systems to cut the costs of conflict
Strengthening the meditation support capacity of the African Union : summary of thematic expert seminars on mediation, peace and justice, women and resource-based conflicts
Rambo and the Dalai Lama : the compulsion to win and its threat to human survival
Journalism in conflict and post-conflict conditions : worldwide perspectives
Organizational conflict, conflict management, and communication : a social complexity perspective
The third side : why we fight and how we can stop
African conflicts and informal power : Big Men and Networks
As one of the major actors on the scene of international politics, Russia also impacts the various efforts of arms control, conflict settlement and mediation. This pertains to issues such as the Syrian conflict, nuclear proliferation in the case of Iran or various conflicts part of the post-Soviet space. Success or failure in these efforts has considerable significance for the conduct of international relations, including Russia's own standing on the international scene. In particular, the approach adopted has impacted the chances of capitalizing on regionalization as an asset potentially bolstering Russia's weight and influence. In addition to outlining the Russian approach to arms control, conflict settlement and mediation more generally, the various contributions included in the book set out to probe the policies pursued in the case of specific conflicts such as those unfolding in the Southern Caucasus as well as Moldova. In this context the only resolved post-Soviet conflict consists of that pertaining to Tajikistan whereas all other may be described as 'frozen conflicts'. Particular attention is devoted to the case of Nagorno-Karabakh and the various efforts to address and settle that conflict. Out of the various 'rozen' conflicts part of the post-Soviet space, it stands perhaps out as the 'hottest' one, although competes for attention and need of analysis with other conflictual issues in the region.
International mediation
Dissent in organizations
Managing and transforming water conflicts
Environmental conflicts management in Rwanda : the role of decentralization
Toughest people to love : how to understand, lead, and love the difficult people in your life - including yourself
Managing conflict in organizations
"In 2005, the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA) ended one of Africa's most devastating civil wars and set the stage for the partition of Sudan, Africa's largest country. One of the most important peace agreements in African history, it has had decisive consequences for the entire Horn of Africa. Yet to date there has been little rigorous analysis as to why the parties signed the CPA, what strategies they adopted having signed the agreement, and the political consequences of state partition actually are. In The Fate of Sudan, John Young argues forcefully that the birth of the independent state of Southern Sudan and the threat of further dismemberment of a rump northern Sudan are due to the failure of the approaches and ideologies of the main Sudanese parties, as well as a deeply flawed US-backed peace process that excludes civil society and other rebel groups. Written by someone directly involved in the Sudanese election and referendum processes, and featuring a wealth of first-hand evidence, this is a crucial examination of a topic of intense political and media interest."--
The horn of Africa : intra-state and inter-state conflicts and security
Kahane explains how traditional methods of problem solving - expert-driven, piecemeal, best practice - cannot help us solve the increasingly complex problems we face in our communities and organizations. He presents an inclusive, systemic and generative method that makes more demands but offers a greater chance of success.
Fragile states : causes, costs, and responses
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Getting to yes with yourself : and other worthy opponents
Western intervention in the Balkans : the strategic use of emotion in conflict
Intergroup conflicts and their resolution : a social psychological perspective
Updated in a new 4th edition, Managing Conflict Through Communication is grounded in research and theory providing comprehensive and accessible coverage of the study of conflict and its practical application in everyday life. Each chapter builds upon the previous to facilitate the reader's growing understanding of how to deal effectively with conflict while narratives and case studies help make the material accessible and engaging to a diverse audience. Discussion questions and exercises throughout the text provide a basis for classroom discussion and practical applications of concepts.
Traditional cures for modern conflicts : African conflict "medicine"
Understanding the East Asian peace : informal and formal conflict prevention and peacebuilding in the Taiwan strait, the Korean peninsula, and the South China Sea 1990-2008
Introduction to conflict management : improving performance using the TKI
Second track/citizens' diplomacy : concepts and techniques for conflict transformation
Post-Soviet conflicts revisited
Managing Interpersonal Conflict is a systematic review of conflict research in legal, institutional and relational contexts. Each chapter represents a summary of the existing quantitative social science research using meta-analysis, with contexts ranging from jury selection to peer mediation to homophobia reduction. The contributors provide connections between cutting-edge scholarship about abstract theoretical arguments, the needs of instructional and training pedagogy, and practical applications of information. The meta-analysis approach produces a unique informational resource, offering answers to key research questions addressing conflict. This volume serves as an invaluable resource for studying conflict, mediation, negotiation and facilitation in coursework; implementing and planning training programs; designing interventions; creating workshops; and conducting studies of conflict.
State building and conflict resolution in the Caucasus
African conflicts, development and regional organisations in the post-Cold War international system : the annual Claude Ake memorial lecture : Uppsala, Sweden 30 January 2014
Conflict management in long-distance intercultural relationships
Proceedings ; group decision and negotiation 2007.. Volume I
Intractable conflicts : socio-psychological foundations and dynamics
Conflict across culture : a unique experience of bridging differences
Sino-Japanese relations : the need for conflict prevention and management
Asia's cauldron : the South China Sea and the end of a stable Pacific
Disasters and social crisis in contemporary Japan : political, religious, and sociocultural responses
Integrating the Balkans : conflict resolution and the impact of EU expansion
Conflict management : a practical guide to developing negotiation strategies
"Overcoming Evil describes the origins or influences leading to genocide, violent conflict and terrorism. It identifies principles and practices of prevention, and of reconciliation between groups after violence, or before violence thereby to prevent violence. It uses both past cases such as the Holocaust, and contemporary ones such as Rwanda, the Congo, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, contemporary terrorism, and the relations between the Dutch and Muslim minorities, which also has relevance to other European countries, as examples. The book draws on the author's previous work on all these issues, as well as on research in genocide studies, the study of conflict and of terrorism, and psychological research on group relations. It also describes the work of the author and his associates in real world settings, such as promoting reconciliation in Rwanda, Burundi and the Congo. The book considers what needs to be done to prevent impending or stop ongoing violence. It emphasizes early prevention, when violence generating conditions are present and a psychological and social evolution toward violence has begun, but not yet immediate danger of intense violence. The book considers the role of difficult social or life conditions, repression, culture, the institutions or structure of society, the psychology of individuals and groups, and the behavior of witnesses or bystanders within and outside societies. It emphasizes psychological processes, such as differentiation between us and them and devaluation of the "other," past victimization and psychological woundedness, the power of ideas and people's commitment to destructive ideologies. It considers humanizing the other, healing from past victimization, the creation of constructive ideologies and groups and how these help people develop cultures and institutions that make violence less likely. The book asks what needs to be accomplished to prevent violence, how it can be done, and who can do it. It aims to promote knowledge, understanding, and "active bystandership" by leaders and government officials, members of the media and citizens to prevent violence and create harmonious societies"--
Collective action in commons : its diverse ends and consequences
Strategic decision-making in crisis and war
The nonviolence handbook : a guide for practical action
Foreign interventions in ethnic conflicts
Dealing with differences : dramas of mediating public disputes
Choreographies of shared sacred sites : religion and conflict resolution
Summary (s. 17-22).
How can Europe prevent conflicts?
Using conflict in organizations
Media law, ethics, and policy in the digital age
Ideas in conflict : the effect of frames in the Nepal conflict and peace process
This is a practical book on negotiation in all realms of life. The authors cover the steps in the negotiating process and describe the necessary interpersonal skills for effective negotiators. They look at the factors that cause negotiations to break down, what to do when that happens, and the ethical and moral dimensions of negotiation. Chapters 7-12 examine key areas of life in which negotiation takes place: interpersonal relations, the workplace, consumer settings, community relations, and international affairs. The book: contains practitioner interviews; provides readers with real-world examples; and, emphasizes throughout the day-to-day relevance of negotiating skills.
Reassessing security in the South Caucasus : regional conflicts and transformation
Conflict management in Africa : a permanent challenge
Communication and conflict resolution skills
Integrated peacebuilding : innovative approaches to transforming conflict
Regional orders : building security in a new world
The big book of conflict resolution games : quick, effective activities to improve communication, trust, and collaboration
Preventing Conflict, Managing Crisis : European and American Perspectives / Eva Gross, Daniel Hamilton, Claudia Major, Henning Riecke
NGOs, crisis management and conflict resolution : measuring the impact of NGOs on intergovernmental organisations
Foresight for conflict prevention in the Middle East : phase II: recommendations for policy action : final report
The fate of Sudan : the origins and consequences of a flawed peace process
Think like a lawyer : don't act like one
Reintegration as recognition : ex-combatant and veteran politics in Namibia
Explores the basics of how people "tick," encouraging leaders to examine and take care of themselves so that they can better understand and care for others. Based on DeGroat's wealth of experience as a pastor, professor, and therapist, this book -- both wise and practical -- is one that countless leaders will go back to time and again for valuable insights and renewed vision. --Publisher's description.
Mean girls at work: how to stay professional when things get personal
The European Union, civil society and conflict
Communicating in small groups : principles and practices
How to deal with difficult people : smart tactics for overcoming the problem people in your life
China's crisis management
Controlling Latin American conflicts : ten approaches
Making peace last : a toolbox for sustainable peacebuilding
Working through conflict : strategies for relationships, groups, and organizations
The state of human security in Africa : an assessment of institutional preparedness
The causes of war and the consequences of peacekeeping in Africa
Argumentation in dispute mediation : a reasonable way to handle conflict
Speaking of violence : the politics and poetics of narrative dynamics in conflict resolution
The Oxford handbook of conflict management in organizations
Collaborative leadership : building relationships, handling conflict, sharing control
The moral imagination : the art and soul of building peace
Peace IT! : using ICTs to prevent, manage and resolve crises
"Realizing Peace combines three bodies of work that have not previously been integrated. First, it critically examines major episodes of U.S. government engagements in foreign conflicts since the beginning of the Cold War. This includes American engagements in struggles against adversaries, interventions among adversaries, and mediations between adversaries. Second, Realizing Peace also examines the efforts of non-governmental organizations and non-official individuals in advancing peace in foreign conflicts. Third, it traces and applies the developing fields of peace studies and conflict resolution, synthesized in the constructive conflict approach, to evaluate those American engagements. Using the constructive conflict approach, the book draws on its insights and research findings to make critical assessments of American engagements. Realizing Peace suggests alternative strategies that would be more effective and yield more beneficial results than did many of the strategies that had been pursued. A major set of episodes discussed in this book pertain to Americans' engagements in the Cold War, through its escalations and de-escalations, its final transformation, and subsequent American-Russian interactions. Multiple analyses also relate to conflicts with Panama, Al Qaeda, Iraq, North Korea, and Iran. In addition, interventions in Yugoslavia, Haiti, and elsewhere are examined. Finally, several mediation efforts in the Israeli-Arab/Palestinian conflicts are critically discussed. The analyses incorporate consideration of the American political circumstances and the evolving global context"--
Crisis management in a complex world
Conflict and diversity
Political discourse and conflict resolution : debating peace in Northern Ireland
The international community invests billions annually in thousands of discrete projects designed to overcome poverty, stop violence, spread human rights, fight terrorism, and combat global warming. The hope is that these separate projects will "add up" to lasting societal change in places like Afghanistan. In reality, these initiatives are not adding up to sustainable peace. Making Peace Last applies systems thinking to help improve the productivity of peacebuilding, broadly defined. This book defines the theory, analysis, and practice needed to create peacebuilding approaches that are as dynamic and adaptive as the societies they are trying to affect. The book is based on a combination of field experience and research into systems thinking, peace and conflict, and conflict resolution. The primary audience is policy makers and practitioners from the many fields that make up peacebuilding. This book can also be used as a textbook in courses on peacebuilding, security, and development. Making Peace Last is a comprehensive approach to finding sustainable solutions to the world's most pressing social problems. --Publisher's description.
Quality peace : peacebuilding, victory, and world order
Savvy : dealing with people, power and politics at work
Can peace research make peace? : lessons in academic diplomacy
Attitudes, assumptions, and behaviors in managers' talk : What types of conflict cultures do they foster?
EU security policy and crisis management : a quest for coherence
The conflict resolution toolbox : models & maps for analyzing, diagnosing and resolving conflict
This book is about the process and, more generally, about the opportunities that peace research and the teaching of conflict resolution can offer academic diplomacy. As such the book is both an empirical and a theoretical project. While it aims at being the most comprehensive analysis of the conflict in West Kalimantan, it also launches a new theoretical approach, neo-pragmatism, and offers lessons for the prevention of conflicts elsewhere. While being based on the classical pragmatist theories of truth and explanation, the approach developed in this book incorporates the complications to social science theory caused by the 'discovery' of socially constructed realities, and concepts such as speech acts. Yet, instead of just theorizing speech acts and social constructs, the theoretical mission is to offer pragmatic, detailed, concrete prescriptions of what to do to deconstruct realities that threaten peace by the means available for research and scholars of peace.
Ethnic identity and minority protection : designation, discrimination, and brutalization
Overcoming evil : genocide, violent conflict, and terrorism
"Overcoming state fragility is one of the most important international development objectives of the 21st century. Many fragile states have turned into failed states, where millions of people are caught in deprivation and seemingly hopeless conditions. Fragile states lack the authority, legitimacy, and capacity that a modern state needs to advance the development of its peoples, and present deep challenges for the design and implementation of development policy. For instance, how is aid to be designed and delivered in a way that will help people in fragile states if their governments lack capacity to absorb and use aid? And what can be done about adverse side-effects of fragile states on their neighbours and the global community, such as heightened insecurity, rising out-migration, displaced populations, and the destruction of natural resources? This book documents the far reaching global repercussions of state fragility and provides a timely contribution to the international discourse on three dimensions of fragile states: their causes, costs, and the responses required. It will appeal to scholars, policymakers, and donors who are concerned about conflict and development. Its aim is to contribute to our understanding of how strong and accountable states can be fostered-states where government and civil society progressively advance human wellbeing, underpin households' resilience in the face of shocks, and form effective partnerships to maximize the benefits of development assistance."--Publisher's website.
From conflict resolution to reconciliation
Conflict resolution and ontological security : peace anxieties
Negotiation : communication for diverse settings
The impact of construction crises on a project manager's decision making : a game theoretical approach
Strengthening the EU's peace mediation capacities : leveraging for peace through new ideas and thinking
The end of war
Religion, conflict and military intervention
Storied conflict talk : narrative construction in mediation
Managing interpersonal conflict : advances through meta-analysis
Conflict and human security in Africa : Kenya in perspective
Peace formation and political order in conflict affected societies
Handbook of conflict management research
Conflict resolution : its language and processes
"This book presents a functional taxonomy to see, understand, and manipulate the roots of life's conflicts. You will have the background, the principles, and a collection of tricks to manage and ideally avoid dangerous conflicts. You may not realize that your reactions to conflict are subconscious, scripted, and for the good of the group. Once recognized, you can take actions that will reduce your being caught up in conflicts."--Publisher.
Conflict and development : development matters
Territorial disputes in the South China Sea
The puzzle of peace : the evolution of peace in the international system
Mediation skills and strategies : a practical guide
Helping prevent violent conflict
Thinking beyond Afghanistan : the future prospects of crisis management
"This book presents a comprehensive overview of crisis management in China. It considers economic, political and military crises, and also natural disasters and public health problems. In each area it considers the nature of potential crises and their possible effects, and the degree to which China is prepared to cope with crises."--Publisher's description.
A stability-seeking power : U.S. foreign policy and secessionist conflicts
International actors, including key states like the US and organizations such as the UN, EU, African Union, and World Bank, and a range of NGOs, have long been confronted with the question of how to achieve an emancipatory form of peace. As Oliver Richmond explains, there is a level to peacemaking that operates in the realm of dialogue, declarations, symbols and rituals. But after all this pomp and circumstance is where the reality of security, development, politics, economics, identity, and culture figure in; conflict, cooperation, and reconciliation are at their most vivid at the local scale. Thus local peace operations are crucial to maintaining order on the ground even in the most violent contexts. However, as Richmond argues, such local capacity to build peace from the inside is generally left unrecognized, and it has been largely ignored in the policy and scholarly literature on peacebuilding. In Peace and Political Order, Richmond looks at peace processes as they scale up from local to transnational efforts to consider how to build a lasting and productive peace. He takes a comparative and expansive look at peace efforts in conflict situations in countries around the world to consider what local voices might suggest about the inadequacy of peace processes engineered at the international level. As well, he explores how local workers act to modify or resist peace processes headed by international NGOs, and to what degree local actors have enjoyed success in the peace process (and how they have affected the international peace process).
Project management : a systems approach to planning, scheduling, and controlling
The golden hour: [a Judd Ryker novel]
Handbook of conflict resolution : the analytical problem-solving approach
Solving tough problems : an open way of talking, listening, and creating new realities
Foresight for conflict prevention in the Middle East : key drivers of conflict in Egypt, Jordan and Lebanon
Mean girls at work : how to stay professional when things get personal
Enhancing human security through crisis management : opportunities and challenges for learning
Negotiating strategically : one versus all
Conflict communication : a new paradigm in conscious communication
Project team dynamics : enhancing performance, improving results
The crisis manager : facing disasters, conflicts and failures
Conflict resolution and human needs : linking theory and practice
