http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2384 energy production (process industry)
energy production (process industry)
Regional Electricity Market Design
Bioenergy in Finland : AFB-NETT, European Network to co-ordinate information exchange between National Biomass Energy Programmes on Agricultural and Forestry Biomass : final report, phase 1
DENSY - Distributed Energy Systems 2003-2007 : final report
Analysis factors affecting supply of agricultural products : market liberalization, agricultural policies, bioenergy policies, population growth, input price development, trade policies and other relevant factors
NJF Seminar 405 : Production and utilization of crops for energy, Vilnus, Lithuania 25-26 September 2007
Guideline on action plans and strategies to mobilize waste-to-waste energy production
Conditions and prospects for increasing forest yield in northern Europe
Bioenergy feasibility study - Berzasca, Romania
Electric power systems
Effects of forest management and climate change on energy biomass and timber production with implications for carbon stocks and net CO2 exchange in boreal forest ecosystems
The sustainability of renewable energy in Europe
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Solar power plant design
The Beijer Institute : the international institute for energy resources and the human environment
Energy use of peat
Biomass gasification to heat, electricity and biofuels : HighBio project publication
Russian energy sector / prospects and implications for  Russian growth, economic policy and energy supply
An introduction to heat pipes : modeling, testing, and applications
Nuclear production of hydrogen : third Information Exchange Meeting, Oarai, Japan, 5-7 October 2005
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
Potential of forest biomass production and utilization for mitigation of climate change in boreal conditions
Energy in Finland. Pocketbook 2016
Computing time and energy requirements to assess tractor operational efficiency : application to a plowing operation
Wind power plant potentials in Ghana
Application of supramolecular assemblies of perylene diimide, aluminum quinoline complex, porphyrin-C60 and phthalocyanine-C60 dyads in organic solar cells
Production of biogas from farm pollution and protection of the environment in Russia
Life-cycle analysis of energy systems : from methodology to applications
US Baseline briefing book : projections for agricultural and biofuel markets
Systems evolution of waste and by-product management and bioenergy production
Direct energy (electricity and heating) consumption was measured from one broiler house in southern Finland. CO2 emissions were also calculated. Six broiler flocks were reared per year with an average of 26 000 birds per flock. Heating constituted the major energy input, averaging 1.3 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. It varied greatly between seasons and was highest during the cold period. Using renewable energy for heating remarkably reduces CO2 emissions compared to fossil energy. Electricity consumption averaged 0.08 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. The greatest energy saving potential can be found in heating. CO2 emissions can be lowered to similar levels as in warmer countries by using biofuels for heating. Ventilation control is one possibility for direct energy savings in broiler production. Feed production is one of the key elements when total energy consumption is considered.
Reshaping American agriculture to meet its biofuel and biopolymer roles
Hybrid energy systems using biomass for accumulation of energy
The energy strategy of Karelia
Solar Energy : A Sustainable Solution to Rural Electricity Problems in Nigeria
A regional model for sustainable biogas production : case study : North Savo, Finland
Charge transport and recombination in bulk-heterojunction solar cells
Solar Nanoantenna Electromagnetic Collectors for Energy Production
Calculation of combined heat and power generation
Do current electricity market designs ensure a sufficient electricity supply at all times? This topic is currently the subject of intense debate across Europe, and several major countries such as Germany, the UK, France and Italy have decided that additional measures - so-called capacity remuneration mechanisms - are needed to supplement current market designs. This report describes and analyses the advantages and disadvantages of a range of measures proposed or currently implemented across Europe, and includes both best estimates of how the implementation of these measures will impact Nordic electricity prices as well as recommendations to the Nordic countries regarding a cost-efficient path to ensuring the Nordic security of supply.
Solid wood-based fuels in energy production in Finland
Multiscale study on hydrogen mobility in metallic fusion divertor material
Renewable Energy : Sustainable Concepts for the Energy Change
Energy balances and electricity profiles
Biotechnology and renewable energy
Development Possibilities in Municipal Energy Sector in Russia
A techno-economic comparison of biogas upgrading technologies in Europe
Clean power from solid fuels
Russia in perspective : Scenarios of Russia's economic future 10 to 20 years ahead
Body of lies : a novel
Abstract: Document describes design and feasibility study of a PV power plant possibly located in Finland (Nordic area). This thesis concentrates to solar electricity production.  Primary goal was to plan profitable low carbon-emission power plant and measure different technical solutions profits and losses to be able to implement most beneficial systems to Nordic markets. Finland's yearly profile for solar irritation is changing from 24h (summer) irritation to 0h (winter) irritation and this alone demands system that somehow can follow sun path to be able to generate more energy. At the end of document is brief business case and differences between private household installed systems vs. this solar power presented.  Total production of planned power plant would be 11,25GWh/yearly. Designed power plant consists from 24 000 pieces / 340Watt panels. Solar panels are installed in 50 horizontal trackers each containing 480 panels. Total land area for power plant is about 20 ha. Electricity produced will be feed directly to national grid.  Power plant's operational time without significant changes is 30 years; example solar panels produce over 80% from their capacity after 25 years of use. Price of PV power plant is 9 000 000 € and payback time is 10 years.
Energiatilastot 1994.
Clean energy, climate and carbon
Climate impacts of peat fuel utilization chains : a critical review of the Finnish and Swedish life cycle assessments
Models of Financing Smart Grid Projects Abroad
Energy supply and consumption
Energy in Finland. Pocketbook 2007
Harvesting ocean energy
Åsgard, home of the goods - its time to harvest the bounty
CO2 Capture and storage in energy production
The efficiency of the coal industry : an application of linear programming
Assessment of privatization of the electric power sector in selected ESCWA member countries. Vol. 3, Case study of Jordan
Electrochemical technologies for energy storage and conversion. Vol. 1 & Vol. 2
Advanced biofuels and bioproducts. Volume 2
The water-energy nexus in the American west
Cogeneration of electricity and heat in industry
Bioreducer use in blast furnace ironmaking in Finland:techno-economic assessment and CO2 emission reduction potential
The switch
Supplying small solar photovoltaic systems to Hanoi, Vietnam
Book of proceedings bioenergy from forest 2012 conference
The end of oil : on the edge of a perilous new world
The clean and efficient use of coal and lignite : its role in energy, environment and life : Hong Kong, 30th November - 3rd December 1993 : conference proceedings
GEO-2000 alternative policy study for Europe and Central Asia : energy-related environmental impacts of policy scenarios, 1990-2010
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
Smart grid : linking sustainable electricity provision and consumption
Energy for the 21st century, 2-3 July 1996
Opportunities for Finnish firms in Nepal's energy sector : research on hydropower
Russia is a globally important oil and gas producer.Russian hydrocarbons are not only crucial to the domestic economy but also to European countries depending on energy imports.This paper reviews the current stand and future prospects of Russian oil and gas production and exports.Russia has clearly stated that it wants to diversify its oil trade by increasing its exports to other areas than Europe.At the same time, many countries have seen their gas import prices rising significantly.As energy prices and exports have also been the main driver behind the current economic boom in Russia, there is no doubt that Russian energy will stay high on both the economic and political agenda of the EU and its member countries at least in any foreseeable future.The question remains whether there is enough Russian oil and gas for all new pipelines planned, as well as whether the huge investment needs of the energy sector can possibly be fulfilled, given the current investment climate and increasing government influence in the major energy firms.  Keywords: energy, oil, natural gas, Russia, EU .
Technical features for heat trade in distributed energy generation
Gas and LNG sales and transportation agreements : principles and practice
The effects of the climate and energy policy of the EU on Finland and on Catalonia
Engineering Earth : the impacts of megaengineering projects, Vol. 1
Power transmission project in Ethiopia
Improvement of energy efficiency and municipal energy systems in Russia has been a goal for a number of different development projects. Most of the projects have been aimed to achieve better energy efficiency with some technical improvements. But the energy efficiency and quality of energy services has improved very little if at all. It is essential to understand the importance of the whole energy system and system level planning. Most of the energy losses and lowered efficiency as well as poor quality have been caused in system level. It is impossible to achieve the good results with increased quality of some independent equipment. This is because most of the losses and inefficiency is caused on system level planning errors and poor quality systems.     The overall efficiency in municipal energy systems is very high in Finland. District heating is an important part of the municipal or regional energy system. Almost 50 % of space heating in Finland is made by district heating. The share of combined heat and power production increased already during 1970s and 1980s when district heating in largest cities in Finland was growing very fast. Suitable amount of heat load is an essential requirement for combined heat and power production. In Finland about 75 % of district heat is produced in combined heat and power production plants for several years. Combined heat and power production also helps to decrease CO2 emissions in energy sector.     Having high quality norms and recommendations as well as high quality components does not guarantee high quality, reliability and a long lasting system. First, there is a need for a new design philosophy and for the optimisation of heat production. After that, there is a huge need for quality control systems in the Russian district heating. Particularly in the district heating network, this kind of system is needed. There will be a need for a quality management system in the norm or in other higher levels. Some parts of the quality system can be organized by the manufacturers or the district heating company's own quality management system. In some parts, there will be a need for independent quality inspections to be made by authorized organizations to give official and   independent status.
"Around the world, countries and companies are investing in solar generation capacity on an unprecedented scale, and, as a consequence, costs continue to fall and technologies improve. This publication gives an authoritative view of these technologies and market trends, in both advanced and developing economies, while providing examples of the best and most advanced practices.  It also provides a unique guide for policy makers, industry representatives and concerned stakeholders on how best to use, combine and successfully promote the major categories of solar energy: solar heating and cooling, photovoltaic and solar thermal electricity, as well as solar fuels." --
Assessment of privatization of the electric power sector in selected ESCWA member countries. Vol. 1, An overview
Nuclear power : is it too risky?
Powering the green economy : the feed-in tariff handbook
Better Life with Energy and Intelligence Technology : The Third Research Forum of Changzhou University and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Iran's political economy since the revolution
Computational study of photoinduced energy transfer of porphyrin-fullerene and oligo(p-phenylenevinylene)-fullerene dyads
The Rusian non-fuel sector : signs of Dutch disease? : evidence  from EU-25 import competition
Hydrogen production by steam reforming of bio-alcohols : the use of conventional and membrane-assisted catalytic reactors
Energy supplies for developing countries : issues in transfer and development of technology : study
Biorefinery : from biomass to chemicals and fuels
Power industry
Jalo : fuel conversion : final report on the energy research programme 1988-1992
Towards harmonization of environmental standards in the energy sector of ESCWA member states
Petroleum in Peru : for the world to judge : the history of a unique case
Energy forum to expand?
An appraisal of UK energy research, development, demonstration & dissemination
This book demonstrates that the much-needed global shift in energy production and use must happen at a territorial level in order to be truly successful and sustainable. This book enables regional implementation efforts by connecting broad EU environmental policies with plans for action at the territorial level, analysing efficient resource allocation and cost effectiveness to achieve national objectives. Each EU Member State is considered in depth, in order to identify the opportunities and challenges of this regional approach. The regional dimension of the authors' analysis refers to the territorial level NUTS 1 (Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics) that, starting from the administrative borders of the EU countries, divides the territory into 97 regions on the basis of major socio-economic characteristics. Because the model of the EU "green economy" is characterized typically by top-down interventions that focus exclusively on the resource productivity and investment business, its practical implementation can be de-railed. This book provides the pivotal missing piece- the detailed territorial comparative analysis necessary to obtain an optimal energy mix of renewable energy sources (RES), energy conservation and energy efficiency characteristics of each specific local context.
More power from the recovery island
Growing power : bioenergy solutions from Finland
Firewood crop : shrub and tree species for energy production : report of an Ad Hoc Panel of the Advisory Committee on Technology Innovation Board on Science and Technology for International Development Commission on International Relations
Biomass feedstock analyses
How to succeed with a thousand TWH reform? : restructuring the Russian power sector
The new solar electric home : the complete guide to photovoltaics for your home
Methane and hydrogen production from crop biomass through anaerobic digestion
Assessment of privatization of the electric power sector in selected ESCWA member countries. Vol. 4, Case study of Yemen
The transformation of global energy markets
Trends in environmental impact assessment of energy projects
Prosuming energy : user innovation and new energy communities in renewable micro-generation
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2008
Integrating low voltage distribution systems to distribution automation
Chile : energy policy review 2009
Production of oleaginous microbial biomass by reusing wastewaters
Energy in Finland. Pocketbook 2015
Energy supplies for developing countries : issues in transfer and development of technologies : study
Book of Proceedings Bioenergy from Forest 2014.
Biogas production from energy crops and crop residues
Global economic and environmental aspects of biofuels
Energy development in the Bothnian Arc area : existing infrastructure, renewable energy potential, conditions and thresholds for increased use of renewable fuels : background document and project proposal for a project on
Got sun? Go solar : harness nature's free energy to heat and power your grid-tied home
The environmental impacts of production and use of energy. Part 4, Comparative assessment of the environmental impacts of energy sources : phase III: assessment of tools and methods for incorporating the environmental factor into energy planning and decision-making
Evaluation of renewable energy development in power generation : system dynamics approach for the Nordic Countries
Analyzing and Forecasting the Russian Market for MHG Systems Oy. : Wood Pellet Production in Russia.
A Feasibility Study of Process Steam Sourcing for District Heating Accumulators
Direct energy consumption and CO2 emissions in a Finnish broiler house - a case study
Report of the United Nations Conference on New and Renewable Sources of Energy : Nairobi, 10 to 21 August 1981.
Concept of development of small and untraditional power systems in Russia
Wärtsilä wins major conversion orders from Brazilian power producers
The energy challenge in the twenty-first century
From molecules to materials : pathways to artificial photosynthesis
Linking an EU emission reduction target beyond 20 % to energy security in Central and Eastern Europe
Energy production and transportation in the Barents Region (oil and gas)
Thermographic and Vibration Control Maintenance in a CHP Power Plant
Energy security and development : the global context and Indian perspectives
The profitability of using indigenous fuel in a district heating plant - a model for project appraisals
The Russian gas sector, one of Russia's key industries, needs urgent reform to deal with ageing gas fields, excessive state regulation, monopolistic control over the industry and inadequate, outdated pipeline infrastructure.The dangers of supply disruptions are particularly striking in view of ever-increasing demand for natural gas in Russia's domestic market and internationally.To prevent Russian natural gas supply from decline, three major issues must be addressed.First, regulation has kept domestic prices artificially low and eliminated incentives to make necessary investments.Second, independent producers still lack fair access to the market, especially the pipeline network.Third, there is a compelling need for systematic investment.Keywords: Russia, Natural Gas, Energy, Reform .
The Russian economy is evidently largely based on the energy sector.This has raised concern in academic circles as to whether Russia is to some degree affected by the Dutch disease, i.e. whether a sharp rise of commodity prices results in an appreciation of the real exchange rate, which undermines the competitiveness of manufacturing and may lead to the deindustrialization of the economy.We focus on this possible final outcome, which has not been studied much in the literature so far: We compare Russian industrial import growth - based on EU-25 volume export figures to Russia - with domestic industrial production growth, disaggregated by branches, in the period from 2002 to 2006.In all manufacturing sectors except electrical, electronic and optical equipment and strongly protected foodstuffs, imports are found to be expanding faster than domestic output.In some sectors, imports have even exceeded domestic production.Import competition is therefore strong and rising.We conclude that Russia may be facing incipient deindustrialization at least in some parts of the manufacturing sector.This could indicate that the Russian economy has contracted the Dutch disease, although it should be noted that other factors could also have driven sectoral changes.While it is beyond the scope of our study to examine whether the other chain links of the Dutch disease hold as well, it does provide evidence of some movements in the direction of deindustrialization, which is in line with the Dutch disease theory. Keywords: Dutch disease, Russia, EU25, import competition, deindustrialization, foreign trade .
Energy sector in Russia : economic and business outlook
Energy production in Northwestern Russia
Review of insufficient power supply and effort to promote renewable energy technologies in Ghana
Practical power systems protection
Eco-energetics - biogas and syngas: technologies, legal, framework, policy and economics in baltic see region
Comparison of approaches to integrate energy wood estimation into the Finnish compartment inventory system
Summary (s. VIII-XIV).
Energy in Finland. Pocketbook 2013
Guidelines for calculating energy generation in combined heat and power plants
Power production from biomass II with special emphasis on gasification and pyrolysis R&DD
Impacts of capacity remunerative mechanisms on cross-border trade
A value chain analysis of biogas business concepts
Effects of sand composition on CO oxidation in FBC
Energy : present knowledge, future trends
The development of large-scale agricultural mechanization required to sustain food production, combined with limited conventional fuel resources, spurs on to better assess the time and energy investments required for commodities production. The proposed analysis is based on the description of field working dynamics collected on an experimental tractor during a plowing operation. The energy needs can there be characterized as having a dual alternating profile, depending on the tractor working phase within the field. As a result, two field oriented performance indicators consisting in time efficiency [h.ha-1] and area specific consumption [l.ha-1] are defined out of the profile characteristics. A model converting the draft of an implement into an engine running point is then developed to compute these indicators. The model is fitted on data collected over conventional bench tests, and is validated by an application to a plowing operation. Lastly, a sensitivity analysis on the operational parameters is conducted.
Geographic information systems for power system planning
Summary.
Small-scale wind power : design, analysis, and environmental impacts
Rising powers, shrinking planet : how scarce energy is creating a new world order
Why we hate the oil companies : straight talk from an energy insider
Energy efficient lighting systems in buildings with integrated photovoltaics
Electric power principles : sources, conversion, distribution and use
Reforming energy subsidies : an explanatory summary of the issues and challenges in removing or modifying subsidies on energy that undermine the pursuit of sustainable development
Biofuels engineering process technology
Energy dilemmas of the Nordic region countries
Two major shifts in global energy markets have occurred over the past ten years. First, emerging economies now drive growth in global energy consumption and use more than half of all energy produced globally. The growth emphasis has clearly shifted to emerging economies. Second, traditional energy markets have been challenged by the arrival of unconventional hydrocarbons and plentiful liquefied natural gas. Renewable energy sources continue to meet an increasing share of consumption, yet even a few decades from now they will account for less than 20% of overall production. At the same time, access to unconventional oil and gas deposits has driven down production costs, especially in the United States and Canada. This has led to a dramatic drop in natural gas prices in North America even as energy prices have remained high in Europe.  Keywords: energy markets, shale gas, liquefied natural gas (LNG) .
Energy Policies of IEA Countries : Finland 2013 review
Energy technology for a changing world 1997-98
Heating system analysis in Jogeva district, Estonia
A linear programming approach for the construction of energy and resource flow models
Fuel flexible energy generation : solid, liquid and gaseous fuels
Technical improvements of Windside wind turbine systems
District heating and cogeneration are major players in Finland
Forest fuel systems utilising tree sections : system evaluation and development of methodology
The energy alternative : changing the way the world works
Sustainable development : case: energy production in Namibia
Annual report and accounts 2002
Peak oil  : a study of the phenomenon and possible effects and alternatives in Finland
Advanced biofuels and bioproducts. Volume 1
Energy for the 21st century : a comprehensive guide to conventional and alternative sources
Russia's gas business / facts, challenges and the road to  reform
Densy - Distributed Energy Systems 2003-2007 : final report
Energiatilastot. 1999.
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Energy from municipal waste : 1980/1981 summary report
Edison to Enron : energy markets and political strategies
Impacts of fuel quality on power production & environment : August 29th - September 3rd 2010, Lapland, Finland
Potential and competitiveness of biomass as energy source in central Baltic Sea region : results and findings of the pure biomass project 2012–2013
Vilnius energy security conference 2007 : Responsible energy for responsible partners, 10-11 october 2007.
World energy investment outlook : 2003 insights
Industry attitudes to steam cycle clean coal technologies : survey of current status
IEA/OECD scoping study : energy and environmental technologies to respond to global climate change concerns
Electricity production by advanced biomass power systems
Wärtsilä to delivera nother major power plant to Pakistan : value of the deal EUR 137 million
Saving Kyoto : an insider's guide to how it works, why it matters and what it means for the future
Tables of composition and nutritional values of organically produced feed materials for pigs and poultry
Biofuels, solar and wind as renewable energy systems : benefits and risks
Development of an eco- and material-efficient pellet production chain—a chemical study
Capacity mechanisms in the EU energy market : law, policy, and economics
Solar hydrogen generation : toward a renewable energy future
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Energy performance of current building stock in Scandinavia and Russia
Power surge : guide to the coming energy revolution
Shale gas and the future of energy : law and policy for sustainability
Solar energy perspectives
Environmental policy integration in practice : shaping institutions for learning
"Over three decades after the Iranian Revolution reconfigured the strategic landscape in the Middle East, scholars are still trying to decipher its aftereffects. Suzanne Maloney provides the first comprehensive overview of Iran's political economy since the 1979 revolution and offers detailed examinations of two aspects of the Iranian economy of direct interest to scholars and non-specialist readers of Iran: the energy sector and the role of sanctions. Based on the author's research as both a scholar and government advisor, the book also features interviews with American and Iranian government officials. Moving chronologically from the early years under Khomeini, through the economic deprivations of the 1980s during the Iran-Iraq war, through liberalization under Khatami to the present, Maloney offers fascinating insights into Iran's domestic politics and how economic policies have affected ideology, leadership priorities, and foreign relations"--
Human reliability, error, and human factors in engineering maintenance : with reference to aviation and power generation
Energy innovation : Imatran voima oy, Research and Development
Standard handbook of powerplant engineering
Advanced energy systems
Biofuels adoption in Nigeria : analysis of sustainability and policy issues
Wind energy : the facts
Technology responses to global environmental challenges : energy collaboration for the 21st century : Kyoto, Japan 6th-8th November 1991 : conference proceedings
Biogas production from high-yielding energy crops in boreal conditions
Hydropower Reservoir and Sedimentation : A Study of Nam Ngum Reservoir
Environmental goods and services sector
Calm or storm? : wind power actors' perceptions of Finnish wind power and its future
Performance characteristics of thermal cycles and energy conversion systems
Effects of non-tracking solar collector orientation on energy production : photovoltaic systems
Energy technology for a changing world 1996
Bioenergy feasibility study : Berzasca, Romania
China's energy issue
Crossing the energy divide : moving from fossil fuel dependence to a clean-energy future
Energy policy analysis : A conceptual framework
Enhancing methane production in a farm-scale biogas production system
Assessment of privatization of the electric power sector in selected ESCWA member countries. Vol. 2, Case study of Egypt
The Status and Trends Of New Power Generation technology
Projected trends of world raw material and energy markets until 2000
Philippi: a peat deposit awaiting development
Technical solutions for low-voltage microgrid concept
Development possibilities in municipal energy sector in Russia
Joint implementation and climate change : rationality of joint implementation when energy markets are not well-functioning
Laboratory and full scale testing of candidate materials for fluidized bed combustors
Long-term integration of renewable energy sources into the European energy system
Economic aspects of atomic power : an exploratory study
