http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2387 energy policy
energy policy
Energy issues and alliance relationships : the United States, Western Europe and Japan
Effects of developing country policies on agricultural services, extension, rural infrastructure and energy, health care, water and sanitation
Renewable energy policy in IEA countries. Volume 1, Overview
Social climate of forest bioenergy development in China among forestry stakeholders
Coal, commerce and communism : empirical studies on energy history in the Czech republic
Framing the gas market uncertainty in Russian gas export policy : the role of underlying ideas
Regional Electricity Market Design
Implementing energy efficiency policies 2009 : are IEA member countries on track?
"We have spent the last two centuries building a civilization on coal and the last century building it bigger still on oil. Fossil fuels have been the wellspring of our complex, glorious modern world, but they are about to run out. By the end of the 21st century, our oil and natural gas supplies will be virtually nonexistent, and limited coal supplies will be restricted to only a handful of countries. Environmental scientist Steve Hallett and veteran journalist John Wright make abundantly clear that we are at the crest of a remarkable two-hundred-year glitch in the history of civilization and are about to embark on the decline. Experts may argue about whether peak oil production has already arrived or will come in a decade or two, but in any case, as Hallett and Wright show, we must plan for a future without reliance on oil. But successful planning depends on a realistic assessment of the facts about our current situation. To that end, they describe how the petroleum interval of the last century, on which our civilization is based, fits in to the larger history of civilization. They describe the fate of civilizations and empires of the past that have come and gone based on their vital connection with the environment. Turning to an even longer timeframe, the authors make a compelling case that the key determinant of our global economy is not so much the invisible hand of the marketplace but the inexorable laws of ecology. When it comes to the long term, nature will impose limits beyond which our economy cannot go. Despite increased emphasis on renewable and environmentally friendly energy sources, our current obsession with growth is ultimately unsustainable. The authors foresee the coming decades as a time of much disruption and change of lifestyle, but in the end we may learn a wiser, more sustainable stewardship of our natural resources. This timely, sobering, yet constructive discussion of energy and ecology offers a realistic vision of the near future and many important lessons about the limits of our resources".
Zero-carbon energy Kyoto 2010 : proceedings of the second international symposium of global COE program "Energy science  in the age of global warming - toward CO2 zero-emission energy system"
Second report on the community programme for the rational use of energy : directive proposal and recommendations of the Council
Dividing the EU with Energy? : Unpacking Russia ́s energy geoeconomics
'The financial means embedded in subsidies for unsustainable systems of production and consumption are increasingly well studied and reported. This has led to policy recommendations (e.g. OECD, EU) on how to reform subsidy systems in support of the necessary transitions to a low carbon and ecosystem resilient society based on a strong resource efficient economy. The authors in this book contribute to the debate based on recent, high quality and policy relevant research. It is a timely contribution to a pressing financial issue in environmental policy.'--Hans Bruyninckx , Executive Director of the European Environment Agency. 'Recently the IPCC finished their 5th Assessment report and we see that while emissions continue unabated - and in some areas even increase, relatively little is done in terms of policy making. Instead of sound policies to deal with climate issues, we are still faced with perverse incentives that promote fossil fuels. This book sets itself a very important agenda of trying to find a workable path towards abolishing such subsidies. This is vital reading for all policy makers.'--Thomas Sterner, Visiting Chief Economist, Environmental Defense Fund Professor of environmental economics, University of Gothenburg. 'EU countries increasingly receive recommendations through the European Semester and OECD Environmental Performance Reviews to assess and progressively phase out environmentally harmful subsidies. It is not only a matter of avoiding damage to the environment, it is also a question of transparency, equity, and of eliminating unjustified privileges. Subsidy reform can help reduce public deficits, restore fair market conditions and eliminate distortions in competition. This book is a precious tool for Governments and experts.'--Aldo Ravazzi Douvan, Italian Ministry of Environment, Professor of Sustainable Development at University Roma Luiss. This book sets itself a very important agenda of trying to find a workable path towards abolishing such subsidies. This is vital reading for all policy makers.'--Thomas Sterner, Visiting Chief Economist, Environmental Defense Fund Professor of environmental economics, University of Gothenburg. 'EU countries increasingly receive recommendations through the European Semester and OECD Environmental Performance Reviews to assess and progressively phase out environmentally harmful subsidies. It is not only a matter of avoiding damage to the environment, it is also a question of transparency, equity, and of eliminating unjustified privileges. Subsidy reform can help reduce public deficits, restore fair market conditions and eliminate distortions in competition. This book is a precious tool for Governments and experts.'--Aldo Ravazzi Douvan, Italian Ministry of Environment, Professor of Sustainable Development at University Roma Luiss. 'Tax spending and public subsidies harmful to the environment have attracted high level attention at the Rio and Johannesburg Sustainable Development Conferences, in the context of the Kyoto Protocol and of the Convention on Biological Diversity, in OECD and EU recommendations, and are now firmly on the public agenda. They are often also poorly designed, do not reach their goals, are costly, not transparent and can be inefficient. With the present public budget crises in many countries, rarely has the timing been more favorable to lower such harmful support. The book is thus timely and shows through concrete examples that the reform of harmful public subsidies is possible.'--Guillaume Sainteny, Associate Professor, Ecole Polytechnique, Paris, France. 'In the policy world, there are few opportunities for reforms that can simultaneously benefit the economy, society and the environment. Phasing-out environmentally harmful subsidies is one. It can reduce the burden on government budgets, free up funds for more worthy causes, and reduce perverse incentives to pollute the environment and over-use scarce natural resources. However, subsidy reforms have been notoriously difficult to implement, despite the efforts of organisations like the OECD, IEA, GSI, World Bank and IMF. Reform is hampered by the limited information available on subsidies, their impacts, and who actually benefits from them. This book brings to light the latest information and analysis on environmentally harmful subsidies and reform efforts, pulled together by some of the leading experts on this issue. It is essential reading for any policy maker wanting to ensure a smooth and successful reform of environmentally harmful subsidies.'--Helen Mountford, Deputy Director, OECD Environment Directorate.
World energy outlook : assessing today's supplies to fuel tomorrow's growth : 2001 insights
Nuclear power and energy policy : the limits to governance
World energy strategies : facts, issues, and options
The great leap eastward : Russia's energy strategy in North East Asia
Norwegian oil policy on Svalbard : the Caltex case 1960-67
This paper examines Russian energy development and plans and their geopolitical implications around the turn of the new millennium. Argumentation is founded on the interpretation of the impacts of stakeholders' interests on geopolitics under new societal conditions and the legacy of past energy production and logistics. Empirical evidence consists of material from the projects of Russian companies and the plans and politics of the Russian Government for developing the energy sector.The redefined borders and the geographical shifts of energy production have brought about the orientation of Russia's energy development and interests towards the north. The former empire's parts bordering on Russia in the west, Belarus and first of all Ukraine, have become problematic due to transit payment conflicts. Consequently, Russian companies develop ports in North-West Russia as well as plan the construction of new oil and gas pipelines through the Baltic Sea Region. On the other hand, the northern location of the infrastructure plans is a geographical necessity, in the way that new oil and gas deposits lie in northern high-latitude zones. Energy stakeholders' market-oriented interests greatly influence the country's economic orientation to the advanced economies and the global economy. Thus, Russia's new energy geopolitics means economic integration and networking with partners (companies, nations and economic areas) that are able to co-operate successfully in the economic sector. In all, the energy projects and plans in Russia are derived from these restructured, pragmatic and market-led economic interests, which have led to the growing significance of gateways in North-West Russia.
Since it first appeared, this book has achieved a classic status. Reprinted many times since its publication, it remains the only work that looks in detail at the political issues posed by global warming. This new edition has been thoroughly updated and provides a state-of-the-art discussion of the most formidable challenge humanity faces this century. If climate change goes unchecked, the consequences are likely to be catastrophic for human life on earth. Yet for most people and for many policy-makers too, it tends to be a back-of-the-mind issue. We recognize its importance and even its urgency, but for the most part it is swamped by more immediate concerns. Political action and intervention on local, national and international levels are going to have a decisive effect on whether or not we can limit global warming as well as how we adapt to that already occurring. However, at the moment, argues Giddens, we do not have a systematic politics of climate change. Politics-as-usual won't allow us to deal with the problems we face, while the recipes of the main challenger to orthodox politics, the green movement, are flawed at source. Giddens introduces a range of new concepts and proposals to fill in the gap, and examines in depth the connections between climate change and energy security.
The squeeze : oil, money and greed in the twenty-first century
Delivering energy law and policy in the EU and the US : a reader
China's energy and security relations with Russia : hopes, frustrations, and uncertainties
Nordic-Baltic District Heating Symposium 23-26 August, 1998 Marina Congress Center, Katajanokanlaituri 6, Helsinki, Finland : [programme]
Since 1992, the European Union has put liberalisation at the core of its energy policy agenda. This aspiration was very much in line with an international political economy driven by the neo-liberal (Washington) consensus. The central challenge for the EU is that the energy world has changed, while the EU has not. The rise of Asian energy consumers (China and India), more assertive energy producers (Russia), and the threat of climate change have securitized the IPE of energy, and turned it more 'realist'. The main research question is therefore: 'What does a liberal actor do in a realist world?' The overall answer as far as the EU is concerned is that it approaches energy challenges as a problem of market failure: imperfect competition on the supply side; inadequate supply of public goods on the demand side and in terms of infrastructure; and large externalities that arise both from non-energy events and from large-scale consumption of fossil fuels. 'A Liberal Actor in a Realist World' assesses the changing nature of the global political economy of energy and the European Union's response, and the external dimension of the regulatory state.
Long-term integration of renewable energy sources into the European energy system
Germany and nuclear contradictions
Life without oil : why we must shift to a new energy future
The influence of EU membership on Baltic energy systems : international seminar 25.-27.3.1998 Laulasmaa Training Centre, Estonia : proceedings
This book provides an in-depth economic analysis of the challenges associated with bioenergy use and production. Drawing on New Institutional Economics and the theory of economic policy, it develops theory-based recommendations for a bioenergy policy that strives for efficiency and sustainability. Further, it shows how to deal with diverse uncertainties and constraints, such as institutional path dependencies, transaction costs, multiple and conflicting policy aims, and interacting market failures, while also applying the resulting theoretical insights to a case study analysis of Germany’s bioenergy policy. As such, the book aims to bridge the gap between practical bioenergy policymaking on the one hand, and neoclassical theory-based concepts that strictly focus on a minimization of greenhouse gas mitigation costs on the other.
Promotion of electricity from renewable energy sources in Finland
Energy policy and Third World development
The EU's dependence on Russian gas : how an integrated EU policy can reduce it
The end of oil : on the edge of a perilous new world
China's energy issue
Scientific development of China's low-carbon economy
Wind power : the struggle for control of a new global industry
Comparative perspectives on rural development and policy challenges in Sogn og Fjordane
International Arctic petroleum cooperation : Barents Sea scenarios
Shale Gas in Europe assesses the specificities of large-scale shale gas extraction in Europe from a multidisciplinary viewpoint that is from the point of View of engineers, economists, policymakers, lawyers and sociologists. Shale Gas in Europe evaluates the potential of shale gas in the EU, including potential risks.
Frames of Russian energy policy in transition
Handbook on energy and climate change
A liberal actor in a realist world : the European Union regulatory state and the global political economy of energy
Gas policy in France and Italy : organization and decision making
The governance of energy megaprojects : politics, hubris and energy security
Government and nuclear energy
Lights out : a cyberattack : a nation unprepared : surviving the aftermath
Energy in the ESCAP region : policies, issues and the potential for regional co-operation
Sectoral approaches in electricity : building bridges to a safe climate
Executive summary (s. 7-10).
Energy, policy, and the environment : modeling sustainable development for the North
Towards a new climate regime? : the key players gearing up for Copenhagen
A Rewiew Of Ghana`s Renewable Energy Policy
The new carbon economy
Billions and billions : thoughts on life and death at the brink of the millennium
Pledges to reform environmentally harmful subsidies (EHS) have increased over the past few years, at both global and national levels. Paying the Polluter addresses the most important issues to be considered when embarking upon these necessary reforms. In this unique work, leading experts explore the definition of EHS, how they can be identified and measured and assess their impacts and the potential benefits of reform. Barriers and opportunities for EHS reform are elaborated with examples of successes and failures. A practical subsidy reform tool is also presented, giving guidance to help develop transparent inventories of subsidies and road maps for future development. Demonstrating how subsidy reform may contribute to a better environment, support fiscal reform and address social and economic objectives, this authoritative book will appeal to policy makers and their advisors all over the world. It will also be a useful sourcebook for academics interested in concrete applications of environmental economics. Finally it should prove a rich and informative read for anyone looking for facts and arguments supporting green budget reforms.
Oilopoly : Putin, power and the rise of the new Russia
First periodical report on the Community action programme for the rational use of energy (period 1975) and recommendations of the Council
A year of efficient energy saving : programme on energy conservation adds momentum to saving
The sustainability of renewable energy in Europe
Essays on energy demand and household energy choice
Wood biomass production potential on agricultural lands in Northern Europe : achieving the goals of energy policy
Nuclear energy in a sustainable development perspective
Powering the green economy : the feed-in tariff handbook
Energy policies of IEA countries : Germany 1998 review
What's good for Gazprom ... isn't that good for Georgia
Alternative arrangements for petroleum development : a guide for government policy-makers and negotiators
One voice on energy relations with Russia
Energy politics
Russia in the Arctic : hard or soft power?
Role of planning philosophy in energy policy formulation : in search of alternative approaches
Shale gas in europe : a multidisciplinary analysis with a focus on European specificities
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
This book argues that further Europeanization of energy policy is needed; it will help increase continent-wide economies of scale, remove national distortions from the energy market and prevent some EU states free-riding on the emission reduction efforts of other states.
Russian energy strategy in the European Union, the former Soviet Union region, and China
The geopolitics of European foreign energy policy : a study on European foreign energy policy in the post-Soviet space 2004-2009
Energy policy
The challenges of the Medvedev era
Why your world is about to get a whole lot smaller
Climate for a transport change : TERM 2007: indicators tracking transport and environment in the European Union
New conditions for growth in Russia
Trends and projections in Europe 2015 : tracking progress towards Europe's climate and energy targets
British gas policy : the gas sector in Denmark, Sweden and Finland : organization and decision making
The Rationalities of Russia's European Energy Policy
Atlas of the forest sector in Poland
Powering Europe : Russia, Ukraine, and the energy squeeze
Energy use in rural Tanzania
This book demonstrates that the much-needed global shift in energy production and use must happen at a territorial level in order to be truly successful and sustainable. This book enables regional implementation efforts by connecting broad EU environmental policies with plans for action at the territorial level, analysing efficient resource allocation and cost effectiveness to achieve national objectives. Each EU Member State is considered in depth, in order to identify the opportunities and challenges of this regional approach. The regional dimension of the authors' analysis refers to the territorial level NUTS 1 (Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics) that, starting from the administrative borders of the EU countries, divides the territory into 97 regions on the basis of major socio-economic characteristics. Because the model of the EU "green economy" is characterized typically by top-down interventions that focus exclusively on the resource productivity and investment business, its practical implementation can be de-railed. This book provides the pivotal missing piece- the detailed territorial comparative analysis necessary to obtain an optimal energy mix of renewable energy sources (RES), energy conservation and energy efficiency characteristics of each specific local context.
Concepts and instruments for a rational bioenergy policy : a new institutional economics approach
Identifying and Managing the Market Barriers to Renewable Energy in Kenya
Biofuels, solar and wind as renewable energy systems : benefits and risks
The oil curse : how petroleum wealth shapes the development of nations
Energy policies of Poland. 1994, Survey
World energy outlook 2000 : highlights
Foreign investment in the energy sector : balancing private and public interests
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Additional nuclear power still in the offling
Towards a new climate regime? : views of China, India, Japan, Russia and The United States on the road to Copenhagen
Solar photovoltaic power generation using PV technology. Vol. 3, Institutional aspects
Power surge : guide to the coming energy revolution
Environment, energy, public policy: toward a rational future
Russia and its near neighbours
Green paper : Towards a European strategy for the security of energy supply
Energy policies of IEA countries : ... review. 1997.
The interplay of internal and external interests in Russian involvement in the Lithuanian oil company Mazeikiu Nafta
Renewable Energy Market Analysis in Nigeria
The end of energy obesity : breaking today's energy addiction for a prosperous and secure tomorrow
Energy poverty : global challenges and local solutions
The Finnish energy strategy : Council of State report to Parliament on energy policy
Energy policies of IEA countries. Sweden : 1996 review
Putin's energy agenda : the contradictions of Russia's resource wealth
Citizen participation in energy policy : prospects for development of institutional and non-institutional participation in Finland
Cleaner coal in China
European energy to 2020 : a scenario approach
World energy outlook to the year 2010
Crossing the energy divide : moving from fossil fuel dependence to a clean-energy future
This book sets the questions of energy and the environment in the North in the global context and further addresses historical developments, views on energy taxation and tariffs, and effects of EU energy policy. Climate change appears more frequently than ever on the top of global and national policy agendas. In the current situation traditional environmental concern and environmental policy may not suffice in the face of the global challenge as manifested by climate change and the depletion of fossil energy resources. But as new data comes to light, new energy policies and changes in economic structures are crucial for putting into action global climate policy. Crucial tasks in environmental policy are the sustainable utilisation of natural resources and the conservation of natural and human-made habitats. One of the areas of the world where this comes into play the most is in the Nordic countries. Northern societies are predominantly high tech, high consumption and high energy supply societies. And with the transition from older energy sources (wood for heating and stream water for power production) to newer ones (oil and nuclear energy) discussions on the environmental impact have led to public and corporate action. The Northern countries have been at the forefront in finding sustainable alternatives to solve conflicts arising from the rise in energy needs. However, these countries have taken different pathways with different policies in attempting to achieve this. As the needs and concerns from climate change arise, a Northern dimension, involving policies that contrast to European and global trends, emerges. "Energy, Policy, and the Environment: Modeling Sustainable Development for the North" explores that dimension.
Paying the polluter : environmentally harmful subsidies and their reform
Environment, power, and society
New governance in context : evaluating the EU biofuels regime
A hierarchical decision aid in a debate on national energy policy
Vilnius energy security conference 2007 : Responsible energy for responsible partners, 10-11 october 2007.
Ghosts of crises past : comparing Japanese policy effectiveness in the 1970s oil crises and contemporary climate change
Model integration and the economics of nuclear power : a study in applied general equilibrium analysis
Energy supply and government policy
A master storyteller as well as a leading energy expert, Daniel Yergin continues the riveting story begun in his Pulitzer Prize–winning book, The Prize. In The Quest, Yergin shows us how energy is an engine of global political and economic change and conflict, in a story that spans the energies on which our civilization has been built and the new energies that are competing to replace them. The Quest tells the inside stories, tackles the tough questions, and reveals surprising  insights about coal, electricity, and natural gas. He explains how climate change became a great issue and leads readers through the rebirth of renewable energies, energy independence, and the return of the electric car. Epic in scope and never more timely, The Quest vividly reveals the decisions, technologies, and individuals that are shaping our future.
The strategic value of fossil fuels : challenges and responses : conference proceedings, Houston, Texas, U.S.A., 8-11 May 1995
Can green sustain growth? : from the religion to the reality of sustainable prosperity
Energy and environment in the European Union : the challenge of integration
Peak everything : waking up to the century of declines
Energy for the 21st century : a comprehensive guide to conventional and alternative sources
The economics of energy policy in China : implications for global climate change
Industrial energy efficiency : policies and programmes : Washington, DC, United States, 26-27 May 1994 : conference proceedings
EU energy law. Vol. 1, The Internal Energy Market : the third liberalisation package
Russia now ranks among the world's ten largest economies and continues to experience rapid growth. Industrial investment and real incomes are soaring. Federal finances are in excellent shape, giving the government a welcome opportunity to invest in long-term development of human capital, improvement of living conditions and bolstering of the country's infrastructure. Fixing Russia, however, is not without its challenges. For long-neglected sectors such as health care and education, financial infusions alone will be insufficient to bring change - structural reforms are needed. Double-digit inflation has also returned after slowing throughout most of the 2000s. The rise in prices has been driven by a global increase in food prices, along with a number of domestic factors. Finland has benefited from Russia's economic growth, and exports to Russia have risen rapidly even with the loss of market share to competitors. Energy's significance for the Russian economy remains large and the country has huge opportunities to improve its efficiency of energy use and production through e.g. price deregulation. While the direction is clear, the road ahead for Russia will not be easy. Russia seeks to become a leading global innovator over the medium term - a perhaps overambitious goal given the starting point.  Key words: Russia, economy, social issues, foreign trade, energy.
Comparison of wood based energy related policies in Russia and Finland : case study of the Republic of Karelia and North Karelia
Experience curves for energy technology policy
Infrastructure for nuclear energy deployment : proceedings of an NEA Workshop, Paris, France, 10-11 June 1996.
Environmental policy integration in practice : shaping institutions for learning
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Elites in Finnish energy policy and biogas as a motor vehicle fuel
Bank policy for the energy sector
Reshaping American agriculture to meet its biofuel and biopolymer roles
Why we hate the oil companies : straight talk from an energy insider
North-West Russia as a gateway in Russian energy geopolitics
The new cold war : Putin's threat to Russia and the West
Energy options in a changing world : a European perspective
The switch
Energy from waste : a practical handbook
International energy governance : selected legal issues
Carbon dioxide abatement as a differential game
Analysis factors affecting supply of agricultural products : market liberalization, agricultural policies, bioenergy policies, population growth, input price development, trade policies and other relevant factors
Socioeconomic and environmental impacts of biofuels : evidence from developing nations
Russian pledge vs. business-as-usual : implementing energy efficiency policies can curb carbon emissions
The encyclopaedia of oil and gas law. Vol. 2, Midstream and downstream
Rising powers, shrinking planet : how scarce energy is creating a new world order
Nuclear Power Discussion Continues
The legal framework for energy provisions in the European Union : with special regard to providing of energy provisions within the scope of Article 194(2) TFEU
Council of State programme on energy conservation : September 1992.
Vision for European electricity markets in 2030
Proceedings of the Working Group Meeting on Efficiency and Conservation in the Use of Energy
The green-collar economy : how one solution can fix our two biggest prolems
Linking an EU emission reduction target beyond 20 % to energy security in Central and Eastern Europe
Energy policies of IEA countries : review
Finnish national report to the United Nations Conference on New and Renewable Sources of Energy 1981.
Renewable energy and climate policies : studies in the forest and energy sector
Development of an eco- and material-efficient pellet production chain : a chemical study
The quest : energy, security, and the remaking of the modern world
Finland's National Forest Programme 2010 : follow-up report 2005-2006
Energy shift : game-changing options for fueling the future
Energy for a sustainable world
Biofuels adoption in Nigeria : analysis of sustainability and policy issues
Conference of Ministers of Energy on Co-operation in the Baltic Sea Region : Helsinki, 24-25 October 1999 = Konferenciâ Ministrov ènergetiki po sotrudničestvu v regione Baltijskogo morâ : 24-25 oktâbrâ 1999 goda, Hel'sinki
The water-energy nexus in the American west
Energy efficiency in transportation : alternatives for the future
The politics of Swedish energy policies
Calm or storm? : wind power actors' perceptions of Finnish wind power and its future
Europe's energy position : annual report
Introduction: the struggle for the global wind-power market -- From Maoism to Lear jets: turbine makers go global -- Big industry moves in -- China shakes the wind industry -- Emerging powers: India and Brazil -- The offshore frontier -- After Copenhagen: a perfect storm for turbine manufacturers -- Turbine manufacturers in trouble -- Challenges for the wind-turbine industry -- Conclusion: who will reap the wind?
European Union legislative incentives for biofuels and implementation strategy of Finland
Seminar on "EU and energy" : 13. June 1997, the Estonian Academy of Sciences, Kohtu 6, Tallinn
Biofuels in the European Union : development of a common policy
Europe's long energy journey : towards an energy union?
Energy policy analysis : A conceptual framework
Revisiting the energy-development link : evidence from the 20th century for knowledge-based and developing economies
The effects of the climate and energy policy of the EU on Finland and on Catalonia
Chile : energy policy review 2009
Energy, foresight, and strategy
Energy efficiency : the definitive guide to the cheapest, cleanest, fastest source of energy
The crisis in Ukraine and the Russian annexation of Crimea have prompted the European Union to examine their energy options. While Europe's dependence on Russian natural gas supplies looms large as a major liability for Europe, Russia's dependence on the $100 billion income from gas exports may deal Europe a stronger hand. Seeking clarity about the current conflict and its energy implications - and responding to the urgent need to critically analyze Europe's short-to-medium term prospects for safely and reliably importing future energy supplies from sources other than Russia - this book examines the major elements of the European energy equation, contextualizing them within the disorderly breakup of the Soviet Union, post-Soviet developments in Eastern Europe and the current geopolitical topography of the continent. Accessible and jargon-free, this book asks how and why Ukraine has emerged as the cockpit of a geopolitical contest that has been festering for nearly two decades, and offers insight into the view from Moscow. Finally, it examines Europe's energy options outside of Russia, assessing each not only in terms of technical feasibility and possible lead-time, but also, crucially, in terms of the added costs and geopolitical implications of altering supplies and suppliers, ranging from the continental United States to West Africa to the Eastern Mediterranean to Turkmenistan and possibly even Iran.
Global insecurity : a strategy for energy and economic renewal
Crossing the Rubicon   : the decline of the American empire at the end of the age of oil
Energy in Europe. Special issue
Community renewable energy in the northern periphery : an argument for policy change
Trade agreements, petroleum and energy policies
Le energie alternative e l'offerta del sole e del mare = Alternative energy and the offer of the sun and the sea
Energy challenges in Northern Europe : Pan-European Institute 20th Anniversary Conference 27-29 November 2008, Turku, Finland : book of abstracts, 27-29 November 2008, Turku School of Economics
Do current electricity market designs ensure a sufficient electricity supply at all times? This topic is currently the subject of intense debate across Europe, and several major countries such as Germany, the UK, France and Italy have decided that additional measures - so-called capacity remuneration mechanisms - are needed to supplement current market designs. This report describes and analyses the advantages and disadvantages of a range of measures proposed or currently implemented across Europe, and includes both best estimates of how the implementation of these measures will impact Nordic electricity prices as well as recommendations to the Nordic countries regarding a cost-efficient path to ensuring the Nordic security of supply.
Finnish energy policy trends 1995-2013 : a policy orientation towards the low carbon future?
Sustainable development and governance in Europe : the evolution of the discourse on sustainability
Capacity mechanisms in the EU energy market : law, policy, and economics
Reforming energy and transport subsidies : environmental and economic implications
Energy policy : problems and objectives
Nuclear energy in Finland
The end of oil : the decline of the petroleum economy and the rise of the new energy order
Energy and security : strategies for a world in transition
The energy strategy of Karelia
The European Community and the energy problem
Energy policies of the Russian Federation. 1995, Survey
Problems, resources and necessary progress in Community energy policy 1975-1985
Energy : what everyone needs to know
The Finnish energy strategy : the Council of State's report on energy policy
Prospects of primary energy demand in the community, 1975-1980-1985
Energy Policies of IEA Countries : Finland 2013 review
Energy transition in the ECE region
"Fifteen years have passed since China and Russia formed a 'strategic cooperative partnership' in 1996, and 2011 marks the 10th anniversary of their 2001 Treaty of Good-Neighbourliness and Friendly Cooperation. Considering the significant changes that have taken place in China and Russia over this period, it is well worth assessing the meaning of the China-Russia 'strategic partnership' and their declared 'good-neighbourly' relations. The 'strategic partnership' falls short of the aspirational official rhetoric of both sides. There are three common threads in the views of Chinese policymakers and analysts regarding the China-Russia partnership: pragmatism, lack of political trust and the US factor. While some of the grander expectations of China-Russia relations are unlikely to develop, the two countries will nevertheless avoid antagonizing one another and will find common interests in a stable relationship. The relationship may encounter tension over specific issues, but it is relatively resistant to long-term damage because of the pragmatism of both parties and the willingness to discuss differences behind closed doors. China and Russia will continue to be pragmatic partners of convenience, but not partners based on deeper shared world views and strategic interests. In the coming years, while relations will remain close at the diplomatic level, the two cornerstones of the partnership over the past two decades -- military and energy cooperation -- will continue to crumble. As a result, Russia's significance to China will continue to diminish." --Provided by publisher.
The new continentalism : energy and twenty-first-century Eurasian geopolitics
A Grand Strategy or Contingency : Russia's Energy Relations in the Eurasian Context
1993 - annual energy review
Energy in Europe : energy policies and trends in the European Community
Council of State report to Parliament on energy policy Autumn 1993.
The politics of climate change
Unravelling the intricate relationship between economic development and energy consumption, this book proposes an innovative framework for the empirical investigation of the link between the economy and natural resources. It proposes a novel set of indicators to shed light on those aspects of the economic process and development that determine their requirements in terms of natural resources. Employing updated databases, this book presents tables and diagrams to compare the conventional and the new estimates of the linkage between energy and economic development (Energy Intensity) throughout the world, over the last 100 years. Whereas estimates based on the established framework for evaluating the link between energy resources and the economy indicate a strong decoupling trend, the new indicators follow substantially different paths which suggest a strong coupling between economic growth and energy use. These differences -which call into question the prevailing opinion of decoupling- are fundamental for the prospects of sustainability. This book provides a valuable resource for economists, energy and environmental analysts, natural resource managers and policy makers. It is also intended for students of ecological economics, sustainability studies, natural resource and energy economics.
Forever a pilot? : assessing the policy dialogue and project-based cooperation in energy efficiency between the EU and Russia
Energy policy modeling in the 21st century
New security frontiers : critical energy and the resource challenge
Wind power politics and policy
Conference Report on Energy Financing in the Northern Dimension Context, Helsinki, 12-13 February 2003
Legal and regulatory framework for supporting large-scale renewable energy in Australia : a critical functional analysis
