http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23817 sayings
sayings
English wit : quips and quotes
Learn to speak mafia : a Boxtree phrasebook
English collocations in use : how words work together for fluent and natural English : self-study and classroom use
Kurdish proverbs and sayings
Collocations are combinations of words which frequently appear together. Using them makes your English sound more natural. Presents and explains approximately 1,500 word combinations in typical contexts using tables, charts, short texts and dialogues.
English phraseology : a coursebook
Wit & wisdom of Africa : proverbs from Africa & the Caribbean
A reverse index of Greek nouns and adjectives : arranged by terminations with brief historical introductions
Working english : phrase book
Formulaic language and the lexicon
Expressing it in metal
The elements of eloquence : how to turn the perfect English phrase
Inclusion, placement and form of similes and proverbs in five advanced learner's dictionaries
Kurdish Sorani Phrasebook (Romanised)
It's not my heiniä : 50 Finnish idioms in English and Finnish
Widespread idioms in Europe and beyond : toward a lexicon of common figurative units
Quick pint after work?
A nautical compendium covers a wide range of topics from ships, maritime slang, and famous naval battles to villains of the high seas and remarkable sea creatures.
Breverton's nautical curiosities : a book of the sea
Avoid them like the plague : a book of clichés
There are tittles in this title : the weird world of words
Dancing around the well : the circulation of commonplaces in Renaissance humanism
Arabic phrase book & dictionary
Spanish idioms in practice : understanding language and culture
Phraseologie und Kultur = Phraseology and culture
Kurdish Sorani phrasebook : romanised
100 Chinese two-part allegorical sayings = Xiehouyu 100
Collins Spanish idioms
101 French idioms : understanding French language and culture through popular phrases
Dutch phrasebook
NTC's dictionary of Korea's business and cultural code words
A critique of the new commonplaces
Italian phrasebook
Oxford idioms dictionary for learners of English
The Newfoundland tongue
Happy : secrets to happiness from the cultures of the world
2001 Russian and English idioms
French phrasebook
Spanish phrasebook
Idioms and language users : the effect of the characteristics of idioms on their recognition and interpretation by native and non-native speakers of English
An anthology of Chinese humour
Middle East
Familiar quotations : a collection of passages, phrases, and proverbs traced to their sources in ancient and modern literature
Easy learning English idioms
Snowed under and other Christmas confusions
Football clichés : a speculative effort, from distance, to translate the curious language of football
Hyperbole in English : a corpus-based study of exaggeration
These I had never before observed down : a corpus-based study of phrasal verbs in Late Modern English
Polish phrasebook
Swahili phrasebook
101 idiomia in English
"Killing two birds with one stone" : idiom knowledge in content and language integrated learning (CLIL)
The unofficial Harry Potter vocabulary builder: learn the 3000 hardest words from all seven books and enjoy the series more
How Koreans talk : a collection of expressions
Jacques Ellul--much less solemn in mood than usual--here cracks open political and sociological commonplaces, destructively and wittily demonstrating how our unthinking acceptance of them encourages hypocrisy, smugness, and mental inertia. Among the stereotypes of thought and speech thus exploded are such phrases as You can't act without getting your hands dirty, Work is freedom, We must follow the current of history, and Women find their freedom (dignity) in work. A certain number of these old saws preside over our daily life. They permit us to understand one another and to swim in the ordinary current of society. They are accepted as so certain that we almost never question them. They serve at once as sufficient explanations for everything and as clinchers in too many arguments. Ellul explores the ways in which such clichs mislead us and prevent us from having independent thoughts--and in fact keep us from facing the problems to which they are theoretically addressed. They are the new commonplaces. Just as the nineteenth century brought forth many such commonplaces (they are enshrined in Leon Bloy's Exgse and Flaubert's Dictionnaire des ides reues), so our century has been busy creating its own. What Ellul has done is to stand still long enough to look at them carefully, attack them with cool reason, and leave them nakedly exposed. In this document, Ellul's caustic fearlessness is at the service of truths that often are cruel, but always are lucid and impassioned. He represents the voice of intelligence, and while doing so is often hilarious and always therapeutic about matters of first importance.
Hanyu shuyu xuexi shouce = Chinese idioms and colloquialisms without tears
Negators in adverbial phrases indicating time and place in Old English prose with special reference to litotes
A cabinet of Greek curiosities : strange tales and surprising facts from the cradle of western civilization
"Non-literal language is ubiquitous in everyday life, and while hyperbole is a major part of this, it has so far remained relatively unexplored. This volume provides the first investigation of hyperbole in English, drawing on data from genres such as spoken conversation, TV, newspapers, and literary works from Chaucer to Monty Python. Combining quantitative and qualitative analyses, it uses approaches from semantics, pragmatics, discourse analysis and classical rhetoric, to investigate in detail both speaker-centered and emotive aspects of hyperbole, and also addressee-related aspects, such as interpretation and interactional uptake. Illustrated with a range of diachronic case studies, hyperbole is also shown to be a main means of linguistic creativity, and an important contributor to language change. The book concludes with an exploration of the role of hyperbole in political speaking, humour, and literature. Original and in-depth, it will be invaluable to all those working on meaning, discourse, and historical linguistics"--
Fantasy fiction translations from English to Finnish from three decades with emphasis on Le Guin and Tolkien
Oxford dictionary of English idioms
Really learn 100 phrasal verbs for business
Jiedu Daodejing = Lao Zi intrepreted : sayings of Lao Zi
Mexican Spanish phrasebook
Scholastic dictionary of idioms
Russian-English dictionary of Russian sayings and proverbs = Russkie poslovicy i pogovorki po-russki i po-anglijski
Begat : the King James Bible and the English Language
McGraw-Hill's dictionary of American idioms and phrasal verbs
An alphabetical listing of common figures of speech, along with their definitions and origins.
Chambers dictionary of political biography
