http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23816 voters
voters
Models of electoral competition : three essays in political economics
Rethinking local government : essays on municipal reform
Parties, governments and voters in Finland : politics under fundamental societal transformation
Abstract (s. 6-7)
Voting for autocracy : hegemonic party survival and its demise in Mexico
Targeting young voters in a political campaign: Empirical insights into an interactive digital marketing campaign in the 2007 Finnish general election
"Since 2009, the UK Independence Party (UKIP) has become the most successful challenger to the main parties in postwar English politics. Yet with the radical right on the rise, important questions remain unanswered. What trends in modern Britain have made the rise of UKIP possible? How has the party modified its organization, strategy and ideology in the quest to forge ties with voters? Who is voting for the populist radical right in Britain, and why? To what extent, if at all, are UKIP supporters the mirror image of radical right voters in Europe, and where might the party go next? Based on an unprecedented amount of data, from surveys of UKIP voters to extensive interviews with UKIP insiders, Robert Ford and Matthew Goodwin explore the wider trends that gave birth to UKIP, how the party has evolved, and who is shifting behind UKIP at elections. The book provides unprecedented insight into public support for the radical right in Britain, and contains important insights for those who are tasked with responding to the radical right challenge"--
Governmental changes and party political dynamics in Korea and Japan
Cleavages in contemporary Finland : a study on party-voter ties
Beggars can't be choosers? : voter heterogeneity and the degree of competitiviness in electoral authoritarian regimes
Political communication in American campaigns
Voter Turnout and the dynamics of electoral competition in established democracies since 1945
The personalisation of politics : a study of parliamentary democracies
Selfish and prospective : theory and evidence of pocketbook voting
Matching voters with parties and candidates : voting advice applications in comparative perspective
The strain of representation : how parties represent diverse voters in Western and Eastern Europe
Going grey : the mediation of politics in an ageing society
The Nordic voter : myths of exceptionalism
The dynamics of party support : cohort-analyzing party identification
Spatial model analysis of party policy strategies : insights of deterministic and probabilistic voting with 'biased' voters: applications to Finland
Parties and elections in America : the electoral process
The psychology of media and politics
Developed countries throughout the world are experiencing population ageing and the new challenges that arise from this change in the national demographic. The phenomenon of an ageing population has necessitated policy reform regarding the role of the state in providing income in retirement and the whole wider social meaning of later life. The politics of ageing have become a key issue for young and old voters alike as well as those who seek to represent them. Politicians carefully consider strategies for developing relationships with older voters in the context of both policy decisions and campaigns as issues that directly affect an ageing population often prove crucial in local and national election campaigns. "Going Grey" provides insight into how ageing and the increased proportion of older voters is being framed by the media. It investigates emerging discourses on the topic founded on economic pessimism and predictions of inter-generational conflict. By bringing together political communication and media discourses and placing them within the wider context of an ageist society this unique contribution demands us to re-think how the media portray and frame later life and examines the strategic electoral dilemmas facing political parties today. It provides an original and timely resource for scholars, students and general readers interested in understanding more about the mediation of, and the strategic campaign responses to, rapidly ageing populations.
Elections at the borderland : voter opinion in Arusha & Kilimanjaro Tanzania
A nation dividing? : the electoral map of Great Britain 1979-1987
Going gray : the mediation of politics in an ageing society
An introduction to survey research, polling, and data analysis
In Trump we trust : e pluribus awesome!
Revolt on the right : explaining support for the radical right in Britain
We present and test a theory of prospective and retrospective pocketbook voting. Focusing on two large reforms in Sweden, we establish a causal chain from policies to sizeable individual gains and losses and then to voting. The Social Democrats proposed budget cuts affecting parents with young children before the 1994 election, but made generous promises to the same group before the 1998 election. Since parents with older children were largely unaffected we use a differenceindifferences strategy for identification. We find clear evidence of prospective pocketbook voting. Voters respond to campaign promises but not to the later implementation of the reforms.
Seducing America : how television charms the modern voter
The internet generation : engaged citizens or political dropouts
Performance politics and the British voter
Voter turnout : a social theory of political participation
