http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23885 family nursing
family nursing family care
Families, labour markets and gender roles : a report on a European research workshop
Support for a family in grief
Family nursing : effects of child's chronic illness on the family health : literature review
Structured child-centred interventions to support families with a parent suffering from cancer : from practice-based evidence towards evidence-based practice
Family-focused nursing care
Child care and corporate productivity : resolving family/work conflicts
Family man : fatherhood, housework, and gender equity
Challenging Child Protection offers a ground-breaking new perspective which will illuminate and improve the professional understanding and practice of social workers and child protection workers. Taking a fresh look at the principles underlying child protection, this book provides a thought-provoking analysis of the evidence base which underpins professional understanding and intervention. It outlines the ways in which agencies have worked to prevent child abuse and neglect and traces key changes in UK policy, as well as situating these amid wider trends in Europe. With contributions from a wide variety of disciplines, including philosophy and anthropology, this is a uniquely diverse collection of academic perspectives. This book challenges our conceptions of child protection and encourages readers to think critically about why children are harmed by adults, how society views child abuse and how this informs practice.
Carers talking : interviews with family carers of older, dependent people in the European Community
Reconciliation of work and private life : a comparative review of thirty European countries
The participation of informal caregivers and care quality in the hospital care of elderly patients aged 75 or older : a time series study in three care settings
Community health nursing : theory and practice
The welfare of children with mentally ill parents : learning from inter-country comparisons
Selected readings in family nursing from the Finnish perspective II
Challenging child protection : new directions in safeguarding children
Children and families in health and illness
The secret world of the working mother : juggling work, kids and sanity
Readings in family nursing
Community health nursing : promoting the health of aggregates
Burnout and self-reported health among finnish physicians
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Lapsiperheiden elämänhallintavalmiudet : perheohjauksen arviointi = Life control potential of families with small children, evaluation of family counselling
Beliefs : the heart of healing in families and illness
Supporting the family's coping in the context of an adult family member's day surgical care
Dementia care nursing : promoting well-being in people with dementia and their families
Defamilialisation Policies and Attitudes and Behaviour Among Mothers in Twelve European Countries. Do results for Denmark, Finland and Sweden differ from the others?
The framework of systemic organization : a conceptual approach to families and nursing
Caring for children and families
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Confronting a victim of intimate partner violence in nursing care : a literature review
Promoting child development and mental health in adult psychiatric care : a nurses' perspective
Parenting satisfaction and parenting self-efficacy during the postpartum period : evaluation of an internet-based intervention
Family health promotion : culture and well-being
The effect of work stressors on the quality of clinical care and the private life of nurses
Empowering patient education : development of educational intervention for school-age children with type 1 diabetes and their parents
Family nursing practice
Supporting Family Coping in Paediatric Intensive Care
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
Introduction to community-based nursing
Family health and home nursing
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
The Welfare of Children with Mentally Ill Parents examines the interventions made by professional workers from a range of different disciplines in families with dependent children and a mentally ill parent. The authors compare responses of professionals in ten European countries and one state in Australia. The analysis of the differences sheds new light on both the inherent and system-determined difficulties in helping families to manage their situation effectively. Features the only comparative study of mental health social services and the law governing compulsory hospital admission Covers a current "hot-button" topic that is growing in importance as the impact of social policy developments on children over time becomes more apparent Offers a unique perspective due to the focus on the impact of children of mentally ill parents and the international systems that deal with child protection.
Nurses and family health promotion : concepts, assessment and interventions
Family health promotion : a systematic review
Community health nursing : frameworks for practice
Family health care nursing : theory, practice, and research
Family nursing : research, theory & practice
Informal care of the elderly
Family-centred care : concept, theory and practice
Wong's nursing care of infants and children
The typical American family has changed dramatically since the days of "Ozzie and Harriet" and "Father Knows Best." Double-income families are now the rule, and fathers are much more involved in raising the children and cleaning house. Reactions to these changes have been diverse, ranging from grave misgivings to a sense of liberation and new possibility. Groups as diverse as Promise Keepers, the Million Man March, and Robert Bly's mythopoetic men's movement tell us that fathers are important. From the fundamentalist right to the feminist left, opinions about the changing nature of the family--and the consequent rethinking of gender roles--have been vehement, if not always very well-founded. In Family Man, sociologist Scott Coltrane brings a wealth of compelling evidence to this debate over the American family. Drawing on his own extensive research and many fascinating interviews, Coltrane explodes many of the common myths about shared parenting, provides first-hand accounts of men's and women's feelings in two-job families, and reveals some innovative solutions that couples have developed to balance job and family commitments. Readers will find an insightful discussion of precisely how and why family life has changed, what forms it may take in the future, and what new kinds of fathers may be on the horizon.
Abstract: Shared being with - the substantive theory of parents' participation in the care of their own child in the hospital.
Working couples caring for children and aging parents : effects on work and well-being
Family care of dependent older people in the European Community
Child welfare : major themes in health and social welfare. Volume 3 : Child placement and children away from home
Caring for the seriously ill patient
Community health nursing : caring in action
Case studies in child, adolescent, and family treatment
The Longitudinal Study of Medical and Health Care  Students' Experiences and Attitudes Towards  Interprofessional Learning in First Semester Course
International family nursing research congress : towards new challenges in family nursing : 13-15 May 1999 Tampere Finland :  book of abstracts
Reconciliation of work and family life for men and women and the equality of care services : report on existing research in the European Union
A perspective on health, family, learning & collaborative nursing : a collection of writings on the McGill model of nursing
Working and caring : developments at the workplace for family carers of disabled and older people
Family violence and nursing practice
Toward a science of family nursing
Family theory development in nursing
Child and family-centred healthcare : concept, theory, and practice
Selected readings in family nursing from the finnish perspective
Childrenś nursing in practice : The Nottingham model
From emotional turmoil to tranquility : grief as a process of giving in a study on spousal bereavement
Community/public health nursing : promoting the health of populations
Enabling and empowering families : principles and guidelines for practice
Resource-enhancing nursing at home for families with small children : evaluation of early interventions
Family nursing in action
Family nursing : research, theory and practice
Interprofessional course "Public health and interprofessional collaboration" was planned for the first semester medical and health care students by two universities of Oulu, Finland. The course architecture was built on blended methods including lectures, video based workshops, interactive e-learning phase based on family cases with everyday health and wellbeing problems of the family members. The course ended with student conference. All together 1681 students from ten different degree programs participated in the course during the years 2007-2013. In this paper we describe the students' readiness and attitudes towards interprofessional learning (IPL) with RIPLS (Readiness towards interprofessional learning scale) in the beginning of the course and students' feedback and learning experiences at the end of the course using the web based inquiry. The attitudes and readiness towards IPL were evaluated quite positive. The highest RIPLS scores were evaluated in Teamwork and collaboration. The different development of the attitudes between the groups was seen in Roles and responsibilities. In the longitudinal perspective the medical students evaluated all of the subscales lower than the health care students. The scoring stayed in the same level during the years. The difference between the groups was significant. The learning outcomes correlated linearly with students' own activity. Those students, who took actively part in web and group discussions learned most. Family cases helped them to get the big picture of the service system. Based on students feedback participative methods gradually replaced the traditionally methods like lectures during the years. The learning outcomes were evaluated relatively good.
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Family health care nursing : theory, practice and research
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
Abstract: Dimensions and possibilities in multipleparenthood.
Nurses and families : a guide to family assessment and intervention
Ethnicity and the dementias
Diverse family leave and day care policies create varying monetary incentives for mothers to stay at home with their children. They also affect attitudes of mothers and this should influence childcare decisions. In this study, attitudes of mothers towards cutting down on paid work for the sake of family as well as their behaviour regarding childcare at home were studied in 12 European countries. Of special interest were Denmark, Finland and Sweden, three Nordic countries with a long tradition of childcare policies supporting mothers' work participation. The data is based on the European Social Survey (ESS) Round 2, conducted in 2004 and 2005. The least familialistic attitudes were found in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. A coarse indicator for the effectiveness of childcare policy was devised and indicated that attitudes correlated with the policies in several countries. No correspondence was found between attitudes and average times spent with children at home. Regarding the Nordic countries (particularly Sweden and Finland), the contradictions observed were consistent with childcare policies that affect short- and long-term behaviour in opposite directions. In Finland, a familialistic attitude was relatively common among mothers whose youngest child was under 1-year-old.
Emotional Support in the Case of Spontaneous Abortion : Written support material
Journal of family nursing
Maternal-infant nursing care
Fathers and parental leave : slow steps towards dual earner/dual carer family model in Estonia
Reconciliation of work and private life : 'Daily Routine Arrangements, from local practice to national policy' : policy and good practices in Finland, France, Italy, the Netherlands
Supporting dying children and their families : a handbook for Christian ministry
How to nurse : relational inquiry with individuals and families in changing health and health care contexts
Family work for schizophrenia : a practical guide
Perhehoitotieteelliset tutkimusmenetelmät = Research methods in family nursing science
Building strengths and skills : a collaborative approach to working with clients
