http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2380 soft drink industry
soft drink industry
Competition and concentration : the economics of the carbonated soft drink industry
Carbonated soft drinks : formulation and manufacture
The real thing : truth and power at the Coca-Cola company
The good water guide : the world's best bottled waters
For God, country and Coca-cola : the unauthorized history of the great American soft drink and the company that makes it
Coca-globalization : following soft drinks from New York to New Guinea
A pre-study of the operational performance indication system for beverage processes
Citizen Coke : the making of Coca-Cola capitalism
Market domination! : the impact of industry consolidation on competition, innovation, and consumer choice
An overview of the beverage companies of Bangladesh and Finland
Beverages : technology, chemistry and microbiology
Liquidator. The brand-new, delicious and wildly popular energy drink. For those who wanna win! The company that makes it is set to earn a fortune, with its global launch climaxing at an international rock concert that will shake the planet. The only problem? An innocent child is dying. Meet Vicky and her class-mates: their work experience is about to spin totally out of control as they uncover a secret that could change the world. And put them all in mortal danger...
Transnational corporations in food and beverage processing
Fortified and soft drinks
Pop : truth and power at the Coca-Cola company
For God, country & Coca-Cola : the definitive history of the world's most popular soft drink
Soda pop : the history, advertising, art and memorabilia of soft drinks in America
English summary.
Belching out the devil
Belching out the devil : [global adventures with Coca-Cola]
Food science
Coca-cola : a collector's guide to new and vintage coca-cola memorabilia
Plants for man
Soft drinks : their origins and history
I'd like the world to buy a coke : the life and leadership of Roberto Goizueta
Carbonated beverages industry : inspection manual
The real Coke, the real story
A study of the evolution of concentration in the beverages industry for the United Kingdom. 2, The distribution of alcoholic and soft drinks
Caffeinated : how our daily habit helps, hooks and hurts us
