http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23889 physical stress
physical stress
Abstract.
Functional adaptation of sarcolemma to physical stress
Mental Stress and Strain during Work and Leisure : a pilot study among marathon school participants
Measurement of bone exercise : osteogenic features of loading
Conditioning for dancers
Exercise stress test in stroke risk prediction
Exercise testing and interpretation : a practical guide
Thermographic imaging in cats and dogs : usability as a clinical method
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
Long-term effects of physical training on cardiac function and structure in adolescent cross-country skiers : a 6.5-year longitudinal echocardiographic study
Natural born heroes : the lost secrets of strength and endurance
ACSM's guidelines for exercise testing and prescription
Effects of physical activity and fitness on the psychological wellbeing of young men and working adults : associations with stress, mental resources, overweight and workability
Advanced exercise endocrinology
Assessment of risk and prevention of type 2 diabetes in primary health care
Cardiovascular benefits and potential hazards of physical exercise in elderly people
The biology of musical performance and performance-related injury
Knee disorders in carpet and floor layers and painters
Hypoxic ventilatory chemosensitivity, and cerebral and muscle deoxygenation responses to exercise in acute hypoxia before and after a 2-month climbing expedition on Mt. Everest
Summary.
The musician's body : a maintenance manual for peak perfrormance
The regulation of skeletal and cardiac muscle blood flow in humans : studies by positron emission tomography with special reference to exercise, adenosine and nitric oxide
Acute hormonal and muscular responses and recovery : chronic adaptations to single session combined strength and endurance training with regard to order effect
Healthy practice for musicians
Medical problems of the instrumentalist musician
Extremes : life, death and the limits of the human body
Reconstructing physical activity from human skeletal remains : potentials and restrictions in the use of musculoskeletal stress markers
Oxidative stress in skeletal muscle after acute exercise
Why the pain, what's the gain? : the quest for extreme fitness
Clinical correlates of arterial stiffness, tone, and reactivity in children
Cardiorespiratory fitness, its determinants and cardiorespiratory responses in maximal exercise test among children
Extremes : how far can you go to save a life?
Principles of exercise testing and interpretation : including pathophysiology and clinical applications
Stretch-reflex adaptation in man : interaction between load, fatigue and muscle stiffness
Effects of exercise training on functioning in persons with multiple sclerosis
Why the Pain? What's the Gain? takes you on a guided tour of humankind's 3000-year wayward search for the perfect workout; from the dirt courtyards of the ancient Greek gymnasium to the birth of the modern gym in 19th-century Paris; to the weekend, beachside Olympic-caliber gymnasts of Santa Monica and Sydney. Daniel Kunitz seeks the answer to a simple yet profound question: Why do we work out? We will listen in on the innovators and charlatans who lifted the multibillion-dollar business of gym-fitness into being. We will learn how the women's movement sparked an enormous exercise boom and tell the story not only of how we arrived at the big-box gym era but also of the last decade's acceleration into a new fitness frontier. Daniel Kunitz puts himself through the grit and pain of the cross fit, parkour and tough mudder regimes, searching not just for new-found physique, but on a quest to understand the pain and more precisely the gain of working out.
Indigenous peoples of Northern Russia : anthropology and health
Foundations of physical activity and public health
Effects of military training on aerobic fitness, serum hormones, oxidative stress and energy balance, with special reference to overreaching
Neuromuscular function and bone geometry and strength in aging
Achilles tendon viscoelastic properties and mechanical responses to a single bout of exercise
Dietary transition and contaminants in the Arctic : emphasis on Greenland
Abstract. - Yhteenveto.
Myocardial antioxidant enzyme systems in physical exercise and tissue damage
Effects of added endurance or strength training on cardiovascular and neuromuscular performance of conscripts during the 8-week basic training period
Heart rate recovery after maximal and submaximal exercise
Hypoxic ventilatory chemosensitivity and cerebral and muscle deoxygenation responses to exercise in acute hypoxia before and after a 2-month climbing expedition on Mt. Everest
Muscle and joint stiffness regulation during normal and fatiguing stretch-shortening cycle exercise
"In this fifth edition of Principles of Exercise Testing and Interpretation, as in earlier editions, we attempt to develop conceptual advances in the physiology and pathophysiology of exercise, particularly as related to the practice of medicine. The underlying theme of the book continues to be the recognition that the most important requirement for exercise performance is transport of oxygen to support the bioenergetic processes in the muscle cells (including, of course, the heart) and elimination of the carbon dioxide formed as a byproduct of exercise metabolism. Thus, appropriate cardiovascular and ven- tilatory responses are required to match those of muscle respiration in meeting the energy demands of exercise. As depicted by the logo on the book cover, normal exercise performance requires an efficient coupling of external to internal (cellular) respiration. Appropriate treatment of exercise intolerance requires that patients' symptoms be thought of in terms of a gas exchange defect between the cell and the environment. The defect may be in the lungs, heart, peripheral or pulmonary circulations, the muscles themselves, or there may be a combination of defects. Thus, we describe the pathophysiology in gas transport and exchange that affect any site in the cardio- respiratory coupling between the lungs and the muscles. We illustrate how cardiopulmonary exercise testing can provide the means for a critical evaluation by the clinician-scientist of the functional competency of each component in the coupling of cellular to external respiration, including the cardiovascular system. To achieve this, clinical cases are used to illustrate the wide spectrum of pathophysiology capable of causing exercise intolerance"--Provided by publisher.
The effects of exercising in the cold on energy metabolism, skeletal muscle tissue oxygenation and immuno-endocrine responses
