http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23878 egg products
egg products
Essential Pepin : more than 700 all-time favorites from my life in food
"For the first time ever, the legendary chef collects and updates the best recipes from his six-decade career. With a searchable DVD demonstrating every technique a cook will ever need. In his more than sixty years as a chef, Jacques Pepin has earned a reputation as a champion of simplicity. His recipes are classics. They find the shortest, surest route to flavor, avoiding complicated techniques. Now, in a book that celebrates his life in food, the world's most famous cooking teacher winnows his favorite recipes from the thousands he has created, streamlining them even further. They include Onion Soup Lyonnaise-Style, which Jacques enjoyed as a young chef while bar-crawling in Paris; Linguine with Clam Sauce and Vegetables, a frequent dinner chez Jacques; Grilled Chicken with Tarragon Butter, which he makes indoors in winter and outdoors in summer; Five-Peppercorn Steak, his spin on a bistro classic; Meme's Apple Tart, which his mother made every day in her Lyon restaurant; and Warm Chocolate Fondue Souffle, part cake, part pudding, part souffle, and pure bliss. Essential Pepin spans the many styles of Jacques's cooking: homey country French, haute cuisine, fast food Jacques-style, and fresh contemporary American dishes. Many of the recipes are globally inspired, from Mexico, across Europe, or the Far East. In the accompanying searchable DVD, Jacques shines as a teacher, as he demonstrates all the techniques a cook needs to know. This truly is the essential Pepin. "--
Food chemistry
Allergy-free cookbook
Milk products and eggs
Food allergies and hypersensitivities among children in South Karelia : occurrence, inheritance and seasonality
Understanding baking : the art and science of baking
Marguerite Patten's book of of fruit and vegetable cookery : and eggs, cheese, bacon, pickles, chutneys, jams, home-made wines
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
Agricultural review for Europe
Survey of shell egg use in catering establishments in Finland
