http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23820 burlesque
burlesque
A good night out for the girls : popular feminisms in contemporary theatre and performance
Gurlesque : the new grrly, grotesque, burlesque poetics
The Oxford book of parodies
Innovative and engaging, A Good Night Out for the Girls looks beyond the confines of the political theatre paradigm that has been the mainstay of feminist theatre interests and theorising. In a departure from the many feminist theorists and philosophers in the last two to three decades who have sought to define and describe the sort of ideal, utopian feminism 'we need', this book looks to the field of theatre and performance to investigate the sort of flawed, sometimes confused and contradictory, but nonetheless lived feminisms that a significant number of women have actually got. Moving across the boundaries of mainstream and experimental circuits, from the affective pleasures of commercially successful shows such as Calendar Girls and Mamma Mia! to the feminist possibilities of new burlesque and stand-up, the book offers a lucid and accessible account of popular feminisms in contemporary theatre and performance.
Burlesque and the art of the teese ; fetish and the art of the teese
Taking readers inside the burlesque houses of Depression-era America, Davis explores the role of comedy in a show remembered mostly for strip-tease. It examines how burlesque comics, straightmen, and talking women approached the craft of comedy, working in a genre that relied on a remembered tradition of comedy bits that circulated orally.
Cassandra, the fortune-teller : prophets, gipsies and Victorian burlesque
Baggy pants comedy : burlesque and the oral tradition
Erotic bible to Europe : from kinky to chic
The happy stripper : pleasures and politics of the new burlesque
Show, don't tell
Rockabilly lifestyle : photos and stories from the rocking Sweden today
The Burlesque handbook
Timpani player's orchestral repertoire : vol. 5 : Richard Strauss
Gurlesque: the new grrly, grotesque, burlesque poetics brings together eighteen poets of wide-ranging backgrounds, united in their ability to push the aesthetic envelope through radical, femme, Third Wave strategies, and pairs them with visual artists who do the same. At the turn of the millennium, we are witnessing the emergence of a vital—perhaps viral—new strain of female poetics: the “Gurlesque,” a term that describes writers who perform femininity in their poems in a campy or overtly mocking manner, risking the grotesque to shake the foundations of acceptable female behavior and language. Built from the bric-a-brac of girl culture, these works charm and repel: this work is fun, subversive, and important. Poets include Brenda Coultas, Brenda Shaghnessy, Cathy Park Hong, Matthea Harvey, and Sarah Vap.
The burlesque handbook
