http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23818 ideas (thoughts)
ideas (thoughts)
Potential demand for a sushi bar in Varkaus
Business plan for establishing an auto car-washing service in Hanoi, Vietnam
The art of funding and implementing ideas : a guide to proposal development and project management
The garden source : inspirational design ideas for gardens and landscapes
Creative confidence : unleashing the creative potential within us all
Literary knits : 30 patterns inspired by favorite books
How to build a billion dollar app : discover the secrets of the most successful entrepreneurs of our time
Little bets : how breakthrough ideas emerge from small discoveries
Business Plan for a New Online Clothing Store
Financial aspects of a small hospitality business planning : through the example of a business plan of a café in Helsinki downtown
The new new
The art of explanation : making your ideas, products, and services easier to understand
One smart fish
Making ideas happen : overcoming the obstacles between vision and reality
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014 : analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
Speculative everything : design, fiction, and social dreaming
Inspiration and vision
"In today's volatile business landscape, adaptability and creativity are more crucial than ever. It is no longer possible-or even desirable-to learn one set of job skills and to work your way up the ladder. At the same time, entrepreneurs with great ideas for new products or technologies that could change the world often struggle to capture the attention of venture capital firms and incubators; finding the funding necessary to launch a start-up can feel impossible. The business leaders of our future must anticipate change to create their own opportunities for personal satisfaction and professional success. In Disrupt You!, Jay Samit, a digital media expert who has launched, grown, and sold start-ups and Fortune 500 companies alike, describes the unique method he has used to invent new markets and expand established businesses.  Samit has been at the helm of businesses in the ecommerce, digital video, social media, mobile communications, and software industries, helping to navigate them through turbulent economic times and guide them through necessary transformation so that they stay ahead of the curve. In Disrupt You!, he reveals how specific strategies that help companies flourish can be applied at an individual level to help anyone can achieve success and lasting prosperity-without needing to raise funds from outside investors.  Incorporating stories from his own experience and anecdotes from other innovators and disruptive businesses-including Richard Branson, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, YouTube, Circ du Soleil, Odor Eaters, Iams, Silly Putty, and many more-Samit shows how personal transformation can reap entrepreneurial and professional rewards. Disrupt You! offers clear and empowering advice for anyone looking to break through; for anyone with a big idea but with no idea how to apply it; and for anyone worried about being made irrelevant in an era of technological transformation. This engaging, perspective-shifting book demystifies the mechanics of disruption for individuals and businesses alike"
The fashion resource book : research for design
Innovations as communication processes : a legal architecture for governing ideas in business
The creative economy : how people make money from ideas
Shortcut : how analogies reveal connections, spark innovation, and sell our greatest ideas
Buy-in : saving your good idea from getting shot down
Rethinking Plato's forms
Outlines a counterintuitive approach to changing the world by assessing its failures, drawing on myriad disciplines to argue that complex challenges must be met through adaptive trial-and-error practices that do not depend on expert opinions or ready-made solutions.
Overcoming barriers to implementing ideas into innovations : a multiple case study
Provides advice on how to confront critics who use delaying tactics, confusion, and character assassination to kill support for a good idea.
Idea searching for design : how to research and develop design concepts
How well do facts travel? : the dissemination of reliable knowledge
Creative block : get unstuck, discover new ideas : advice and projects from 50 successful artists
The tipping point
Importing Motorbikes from Estonia to Finland : case: Oliver Kuisma Motorbikes FIE
The guest list
Urban legends, conspiracy theories, and bogus public-health scares circulate effortlessly. Meanwhile, people with important ideas--business people, teachers, politicians, journalists, and others--struggle to make their ideas "stick." Why do some ideas thrive while others die? And how do we improve the chances of worthy ideas? Educators and idea collectors Chip and Dan Heath reveal the anatomy of ideas that stick and explain ways to make ideas stickier, such as applying the "human scale principle," using the "Velcro Theory of Memory," and creating "curiosity gaps." In this fast-paced tour of success stories (and failures), we discover that sticky messages of all kinds--from the infamous "kidney theft ring" hoax to a coach's lessons on sportsmanship to a vision for a new product at Sony--draw their power from the same six traits. This book that will transform the way you communicate ideas.--From publisher description.
100 great business leaders
Ideas and politics in social science research
Rethought forms : how do they work?
Business plan for a cake bakery
The book of do-ness : 234.5 ideas to beat your daily laziness
Rethink : the surprising history of new ideas
The Jeanne d’Arc Living Magazine : Espoo
The smart entrepreneur : how to build for a successful business
Best garden design : practical inspiration from the RHS Chelsea Flower Show
The 1st Nordic Innovation Research Conference - Finnkampen
Adapt : why success always starts with failure
The sociology book
Productization of a Web Service : PREPD Presentation Tool
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
"A guide to becoming a recognized expert in your field. Too many people believe that if they keep their heads down and work hard, they will be lauded as experts on the merits of their work. But that's simply not true anymore. To make a name for yourself, you have to capitalize on your unique perspective and knowledge and inspire others to listen and take action. But becoming a "thought leader" is a mysterious and opaque process. Where do the ideas come from, and how do they get noticed? Dorie Clark explains how to identify the ideas that set you apart and promote them successfully. The key is to recognize your own value, cultivate your expertise, and put yourself out there. Featuring vivid examples and drawing on interviews with Seth Godin, Robert Cialdini, and other thought leaders, Clark teaches readers how to develop a big idea, leverage existing affiliations, and build a community of followers. She offers not mere self-promotion, but an opportunity to change the world for the better while giving you the ultimate job insurance"--
Business Plan for Establishing a Chinese Café in Finland  : case: Voikukka Café
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
Commercialization of innovative technologies : bringing good ideas to the marketplace
E-Marketing in the Tourism Industry : Case TravelApp
The Business Plan : Organic Farm in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
The implementation of differentiation strategy in cafe industry in Turku
Idea generation
Passion of christianity:the Japanese interpretation of the status of christianity in Japan through the use of anime
Value creation metrics in systematic idea generation
Feasibility Analysis of Laundry Lounge in Vietnam, Targeting Students : Start-up X, Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam
Towards innovation- friendly organizations : case of Kemi Tourism Ltd
Profiles the world's most renowned sociologists and more than 100 of their biggest ideas, including issues of equality, diversity, identity, and human rights; the effects of globalization; the role of institutions; and the rise of urban living in modern society.
In "Little Bets", leading business consultant Peter Sims turns problems on their heads and outlines a counter-intuitive path to perfection using negativity to positive effect.
"The second edition of Idea Searching examines methods of generating and identifying ideas, and teaches you to understand what is being observed and recorded. Using lavish illustrations, concise case studies and practical examples, it explores how different experiences, contexts and references are important in identifying an idea that is appropriate for a particular individual, target audience or culture. Advocating a step-by-step approach to generating ideas and brainstorming, it encourages an open mind in the development of ideas and teaches you to always question convention.The text is accompanied by a variety of case studies and examples of work from the world's best contemporary product designers. It also includes a number of new projects for students, to encourage further exploration of ideas"--
Performance indicators for the front end of innovation
Organic design : products inspired by nature
Getting children writing : ideas for children aged 3-11
INTERGRATION TO FINNISH SOCIETY THROUGH ENTREPRENEURSHIP STUDIES OF BUSINESS FACTORY : CASE STUDY : HILINA GIZAW
The big sticky bun
Fifty artists who work in a variety of mediums reveal how they stay motivated and find new ideas, while offering strategies and projects for breaking through the creative block.
PK Tradesman Tmi  Developing marketing in a multicultural environment
Talk like TED : the 9 public speaking secrets of the world's top minds
1000 Kitchen Ideas
Entering the back stage of innovation : tensions between the collaborative praxis of idea development and its formal staging in organisations
Marketing Strategy Study For Customized Humidors In East Ontario Area
Minifesto : why small ideas matter in the world of grand narratives
Man against peril:the ethics of Bertrand Russell’s pacifism in 1945-1954
For gardeners inspired by the Royal Horticultural Society show, this book features planning, design and decoration ideas, including master classes with gold-medal winners, celebrity designers, RHS experts and other plant experts.
The objective is to measure direct and indirect competitors’ operating strategies, in order to evaluate their performance and make comparisons. The results are essential information for Coyoacán restaurant that will open on November 2014 on the street of Hallituskatu number 27. The 5 companies chosen represent the median values of all the competitors under a 93.75% certainty. The chosen “Subjects of Study” are: 1) Burgeribaari Kauppuri 5 (Bar & Grill Kauppuri 5 Oy) Fast-Food/Bar 2) Fit Wok (The Wokers Oy) 3) Indian Cuisine (Katiusa Oy) 4) Kiinalainen Ravintola Flavour Palace (Suo Zi Oy) 5) Tuba Food & Lounge (Oulu Tours Gorup Oy) Fast-Food/Bar Two “Subjects of Study” represent the Fast-Food/Bar business model, which is a trend of business model that many restaurants and bars are adopting, and they seem to be as well the most successful restaurants in Oulu city center area. Information is collected throughout two main sources researched, interviews and observation. First and second hand sources such as interviews, printed and online materials. All data gathered is spread into two main categories: The Marketing Mix 4 p’s and Jim Collin’s framework. With a 93.75% of certainty this research found out that the Business Model of the Fast-Food/Bar is the most efficient. The sales of alcohol, customer service features and logistics result in highly performance numbers. Subjects of study that fit with this business model are close to tripling the Net Sales of year 2013 in comparison to the rest of the companies. There is no evidence that necessarily hamburgers and beer is the key for success. However it is interesting to point-out that there is still not a Fast-Food/Bar in Oulu that wisely uses the same business model and presents a different menu with interesting and new ideas.
Reading for preaching : the preacher in conversation with storytellers, biographers, poets, and journalists
The laws of belief : ranking theory and its philosophical applications
More than 30 projects inspired by classic literature Literary Knits features 30 knitting patterns inspired by beloved characters from classic books; from Pride and Prejudice to Moby Dick, The Catcher in the Rye to The Chronicles of Narnia-and many more in between. Inspired by some of the most beloved characters from favorite books, including an elegant Daisy Cloche inspired by The Great Gatsby and a late '50s-inspired Holly Golightly Dress imagined from Breakfast at Tiffany's, the more than 30 knitting projects in this unique collection will inspire.
Steal like an artist : 10 things nobody told you about being creative
The 60 second innovator : sixty solid techniques for creative and profitable ideas at work
Christmas ideas : Espoo
Creativity and business workbook : practical tools for business development in the creative sector
Radio Liberty - The Enemy Within? The Dissemination of Western Values through US Cold War Broadcasts
The pleasure of thinking : a journey through the sideways leaps of ideas
The Christmas magazinen : Espoo
Make It! : don't through it away - create something amazing
Institutional entrepreneurs and structural holes in new field emergence : comparative case study of cholesterol-lowering functional foods and nanotechnology in Finland
Stand out : how to find your breakthrough idea and build a following around it
Establishing an oriental business in Finland : case: start-up Vietnamese handmade home-textiles company
From the idea that the Earth could be hollow, to the notion that bees were far too religious to bother with sex, to the claim that a dying civilisation might inhabit Mars, there have been many crackpot scientific ideas and schemes proposed throughout history. Some of these ideas remained the preserve of the lunatic fringe, whilst others were sincerely believed in by credible mainstream figures and were even put into actual practice. S.D. Tucker discusses the history and nature of several of the most bizarre and outmoded ideas from throughout history, discovering which had a grain of truth to them and which were always destined to end up on the scrapheap of history.
Nativists assert that some concepts, beliefs, or capacities are innate or inborn: native to the mind rather than acquired. Fiona Cowie argues that this view is mistaken, demonstrating that nativism is an unstable amalgam of two quite different - and probably inconsistent - theses about the mind.
The 100 greatest sales ideas of all time
"According to USA Today, fifty percent of today's college students want to be an entrepreneur. And the jobless recovery of our recent recession and the realities of our always-changing world mean that everyone now needs to think like an innovator. Small startups are displacing hundred-year-old companies virtually overnight. The business landscape is more volatile--and full of possibility--than ever. A serial entrepreneur who has been at the forefront of global trends for over thirty years, Jay Samit spent his career studying the system successful disruptors employ to achieve greatness. In Disrupt Yourself, he distills that process into steps that can be practiced by anyone. Virgin, Apple, Microsoft, and eBay were all founded by disruptors who questioned their assumptions, designed their own life paths, found ideas that solved big problems, and then pivoted their energies to do it all over again. Samit shows how he made a career launching businesses, selling them, and then reinventing himself to do it again and in Disrupt Yourself, he shows how others can do it too. With the practical insight of Marshall Goldsmith and the no-holds-barred style of Tim Ferriss, digital innovator Jay Samit shows how all successful entrepreneurs and business leaders maximize opportunity, drive change, and achieve resilience. This groundbreaking book is an essential guide for those yearning for professional success in an unstable world"--
Adventures of Ideas
Business idea into reality : case : start-up company of gala dresses
Today designers often focus on making technology easy to use, sexy, and consumable. In Speculative Everything, Anthony Dunne and Fiona Raby propose a kind of design that is used as a tool to create not only things but ideas. For them, design is a means of speculating about how things could be -- to imagine possible futures. This is not the usual sort of predicting or forecasting, spotting trends and extrapolating; these kinds of predictions have been proven wrong, again and again. Instead, Dunne and Raby pose "what if" questions that are intended to open debate and discussion about the kind of future people want (and do not want). Speculative Everything offers a tour through an emerging cultural landscape of design ideas, ideals, and approaches. Dunne and Raby cite examples from their own design and teaching and from other projects from fine art, design, architecture, cinema, and photography. They also draw on futurology, political theory, the philosophy of technology, and literary fiction. They show us, for example, ideas for a solar kitchen restaurant; a flypaper robotic clock; a menstruation machine; a cloud-seeding truck; a phantom-limb sensation recorder; and devices for food foraging that use the tools of synthetic biology. Dunne and Raby contend that if we speculate more -- about everything -- reality will become more malleable. The ideas freed by speculative design increase the odds of achieving desirable futures.
How and when does the ability to give and understand explanations develop? Morag Donaldson directly addresses this question in the present study, providing evidence from a series of imaginative experiments she carried out with 3- to 10-year-olds. In contrast to many earlier accounts, she demonstrates that children can distinguish between cause and effect and among physical, psychological and logical relations well before the age of 7. The study focuses primarily on the linguistic abilities that are needed for explanation, in particular the understanding of because, so, why?, and how do you know?, and it makes a substantial contribution to our understanding of the semantics and pragmatics of causal connectives. However, the study also provides valuable insights into children's related cognitive abilities. Children's Explanations is a book that will be of equal interest to cognitive and developmental psychologists and to psycholinguistics, as well as to researchers in education for whom its topic must be of crucial importance.
The aha! moment : a scientist's take on creativity
DRIVE YOUR IDEA TO ENTREPRENEURIAL SUCCESS
The Marketing-Orientated Business Plan for a Company-To-Be, Case: Lauriida
HISTORY OF IDEAS. Rethink: to think about an idea again; to change how you think about it. This is the story of how old ideas that were mocked or ignored for centuries are right now storming back to the cutting edge of science and technology, and informing the way we lead our lives. It's the story of the woman who taught us how to speak to computers; the brilliant doctor hounded into an asylum; and the laughing philosopher who hit upon an amazing idea just by thinking about bread. Drawing on examples from epigenetics to value investing, and from Lamarckism to morphic resonance, Rethink shows what we can learn by revisiting old, discarded ideas and considering them from a new perspective. From within all these rich anecdotes of bad ideas come good ones, helping us find new ways to think about ideas in our own time - from novel proposals in the boardroom to grand projects for social and political change --
Internationalization of IdeaNet : Evaluation of Strategic Partner Alternatives
The myths of creativity : the truth about how innovative companies and people generate great ideas
Formulating a feasible business idea in Finland : case: Silta Consultancy Oy
Innovation Through Cooperation : The Emergence of an Idea Economy
Anatomy of a business plan : a step-by-step guide to building a business and securing your company's future
A culture of recycling/recycling culture?
The art of the idea : and how it can change your life
How to Have Great Ideas : a guide to creative thinking
A feasibility study of an organic and local grocery store in Järvenpää
Many people have great ideas. Without the necessary skills and means most never get to realize them. If they could cooperate with competent firms and entrepreneurs together both could achieve much and this is increasingly happening. Mechanisms are being established making a division of labour between inventors and implementers a reality. This is changing the nature of innovation from an internal R&D, or purely entrepreneurial attempt, to a more cooperative innovation. An Idea Economy emerges, where anyone has the possibility to profit from their ideas, and everyone will benefit from more and better innovation. This book presents us the emergence and structure of the Idea Economy by extending the seminal concepts of Entrepreneurial Society and Open Innovation. Part I describes the big picture on how innovation is evolving, where we are today, and what an Idea Economy will look like. Part II points the way forward, discussing in detail on how cooperation in the innovation process works, and why this is only recently becoming possible.
The Lego ideas book : you can build anything!
What's within? : nativism reconsidered
The A-Z of visual ideas : how to solve any creative brief
Nomad : bringing your travels home
The idea hunter : how to find the best ideas and make them happen
Children's Explanations : A Psycholinguistic Study
The business idea and a consumer market research of a new wedding planning website called PerfectDay
Disrupt you! : master personal transformation, seize opportunity, and thrive in the era of endless innovation
Sales, marketing and value creation process : Introduction of a new marketing and sales process at Big Ben Gear
Entangled : an archaeology of the relationships between humans and things
Dangerous ideas : when provocative thinking becomes your most valuable asset
Abstract.
Made to stick : why some ideas survive and others die
Fairie-ality style : a sourcebook of inspirations from nature
Involving internal and external system integrators in new service development : case Company ABB Oy, Power Systems
Mindfire : big ideas for curious minds
100 fantasy adventure seeds
The origin of ideas : blending, creativity, and the human spark
Developing a European Youth Hostel Concept  : Case: May Hostel, Ho Chi Minh City
Coolfarming : turn your great idea into the next big thing
Apps have changed the way we communicate, shop, play, interact and travel and their phenomenal popularity has presented possibly the biggest business opportunity in history. In How to Build a Billion Dollar App, serial tech entrepreneur George Berkowski - one of the minds behind the internationally successful taxi hailing app Hailo - gives you exclusive access to the secrets behind the success of the select group of apps that have achieved billion-dollar success. Berkowski draws exclusively on the inside stories of the billion-dollar app club members, including Instagram, Whatsapp, Snapchat, Candy Crush, Square, Viber, Clash of Clans, Angry Birds, Uber and Flipboard to provide all the information you need to create your own spectacularly successful mobile business.
Starting up : archieving success with professional business planning
Starting an Organic Café in Vaasa
The making of zombie wars
Ecological Infrastructures : ideabook on functional biodiversity at the farm level ; temperate zoones of Europa = Ökologische Infrastrukturen ; Ideenbuch zur funktionalen Biodiversität auf Betriebsebene ; gemässigte Zonen Europas
Establishing a Small Enterprise in Varkaus and Factors behind Success  and Failure of Small Businesses
Inside real innovation : how the right approach can move ideas from R&D to market - and get the economy moving
Gabbages & Roses home-made vintage : over 40 quick and easy sewing projects
Lonely homes
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014: analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
Do more faster : techstars lessons to accelerate your startup
Business plan for a fashion brand : case: MW Oy
Imagine there's no heaven : how atheism helped create the modern world
Making Customers Matter
Forgotten science : strange ideas from the scrapheap of history
The art of creative thinking : how to be innovative and develop great ideas
The power of antiquity:the Hyperborean research tradition in early modern Swedish research on national antiquity
Common as air : revolution, art, and ownership
Distributed Leadership Collaboration Factors to Support Idea Generation In Computer-Supported Collaborative e-Learning
Stranger than we can imagine : making sense of the twentieth century
Creating breakthrough ideas : the collaboration of anthropologists and designers in the product development industry
Summary. Concluding remarks (s. 417-426).
100 ideas that changed art
Formations of European modernity : a historical and political sociology of Europe
Business plan for a european style coffee shop in Ho Chi Minh city : case: AT Ltd. Company
