http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23891 contextuality
contextuality
Reference and reflexivity
Approaches to Slavic interaction
Applied ethics in religion and culture : contextual and global changes
The logic of language
Educating for language and literacy diversity : mobile selves
Situation-bound utterances in L1 and L2
Studying children in context : theories, methods, and ethics
Writing and reading in medieval manuscript culture : the translation and transmission of the story of Elye in Old French and Old Norse literary contexts
Varieties of scientific contextualism
The invention of illusions : international perspectives on Paul Auster
The language of wellness : constructing wellness in the American spa context
Robustness : anticipatory and adaptive human systems
"When is language considered 'impolite'? Is impolite language only used for anti-social purposes? Can impolite language be creative? What is the difference between 'impoliteness' and 'rudeness'? Grounded in naturally-occurring language data and drawing on findings from linguistic pragmatics and social psychology, Jonathan Culpeper provides a fascinating account of how impolite behaviour works. He examines not only its forms and functions but also people's understandings of it in both public and private contexts. He reveals, for example, the emotional consequences of impoliteness, how it shapes and is shaped by contexts, and how it is sometimes institutionalised. This book offers penetrating insights into a hitherto neglected and poorly understood phenomenon. It will be welcomed by students and researchers in linguistics and social psychology in particular"--
Technology integration in context-aware learning spaces
A contextual and cross-cultural study of Psalm 109
Re-reading/ La relecture : essays in honour of Graham Falconer
Where metaphors come from : reconsidering context in metaphor
Narrative intertextuality and the politics of narration
Situational learning in ministry : the Arusha programme of Theological Education by Extension and its evaluation in 1974-2004
Register II : emergence, change and obsolescence : pre-print materials of the International Colloquium on Meaning and Human Expression, 22nd-24th May 2013, Helsinki, Finland
Institutional footprints in the addiction image : a focus-group study with Finnish and French general practitioners and social workers
Prophecy and prophets in stories : papers read at the Fifth Meeting of the Edinburgh Prophecy Network, Utrecht, October 2013
Interpreting classical religious texts in contemporary Africa
Ideas in the Medieval West : texts and their contexts
Coordinated verb pairs in texts
Ideas in action : proceedings of the applying Peirce Conference
Believing in belonging : belief and social identity in the modern world
Levinas and twentieth-century literature : ethics and the reconstitution of subjectivity
Pragmatic variation in first and second language contexts : methodological issues
Humor and parody in Finnish rap music videos
Perception, time and music analysis : an introduction to analytic-generative methodology
Transforming graduate biblical education : ethos and discipline
Searching for the human factor : psychology, power and ideology in Hungary during the early Kádár period
Abrahamic descent, testamentary adoptation, and the law in Galatians : differentiating Abraham's sons, seed, and children of promise
Impoliteness : using language to cause offence
Contextual text summarization for content processing in mobile learning
Speaking from Elsewhere : a new contextualist perspective on meaning, identity and discursive agency
Translating the voices of theory = La traduction des voix de la théorie
Display "there and then" : presence and coexistence
Institutional footprints in the addiction image : a focus-group with Finnish and French general practitioners and social workers
Liberating content
In this volume, Bradley R. Trick argues that Hellenistic testamentary adoption provides the key to understanding Abrahamic descent and its implications for the law in Galatians. By thoroughly analyzing the Greco-Roman and Jewish contexts of Paul's references to testaments/covenants (deltaiotaalphathetaetakappaalphaiota) and adoption, Trick establishes that Gal 3-4 portrays the Abrahamic deltaiotaalphathetaetakappaeta as a Hellenistic testament through which God adopts Abraham. This insight enables a coherent and collectively consistent interpretation of Paul's Abrahamic appeals to emerge, one in which "sons" (3:7) designates Jews, "children of promise" (4:28) designates gentiles, and "seed" designates Christ (3:16) and the interdependent union of Jews and gentiles in Christ (3:29). The need to preserve the singularity of this seed then grounds God's giving of the law.
The recipe reader : narratives, contexts, traditions
People's church - people's music : contextualization of liturgical music in an African church
All over the world, the term "Public Theology" has become a heading for theological discussion on the public relevance of Christian traditions and the public mission of Christian communities. What does public engagement look like in contexts as diverse as South Africa, Brazil, Oceania, Europe, and North America? What are the different challenges and how can theology and ecclesial praxis meet them? Are there widespread intercontextual features to all contextual Public Theologies? Questions like these were discussed during an international conference in Bamberg in June 2011 under the title "Contextuality and Intercontextuality in Public Theology." This volume brings together the contributions from the conference and offers some answers to the questions posed above.
The church as the reconciled community of suffering disciples of Ciise Masiix : towards a contextual Somali ecclesiology
Gather into one : praying and singing globally
"Talking about food does not appease hunger" : phrases on hunger in Chan (Zen) Buddhist texts
Reading the Bible across contexts : Luke's gospel, socio-economic marginality, and Latin American Biblical hermeneutics
Contextuality and intercontextuality in public theology : proceedings from the Bamberg Conference 23.-25.06.2011
Discourse and genre : analysing language in context
Creating new markets in the digital economy : value and worth
Construal in expression : an intersubjective approach to Cognitive Grammar
Discourse markers
Dissonance, quotations, and designs : literary polyphony in the prose of Eira Stenberg.
Ministerial formation in a multifaith milieu : implications of interfaith dialogue for theological education
The role of context in matching and evaluation of XML information retrieval
We live our lives in spatio-temporal contexts, whether we are at work or at home. Yet, we hold on to the classical idea of fixed, permanent and acontextual truth. ROBUSTNESS argues that people are aware of and use a variety of spatio-temporal contexts to create specific contextual approaches that produce richer knowledge. Robustness binds together some of these approaches into a coherent theory that connects terms, concepts, theories and the actions of leaders. It does this with reference to real-life projects that have benefited from the use of appropriate spatio-temporal contexts.ROBUSTNESS changes the way we comprehend the emergence of futures, whether we talk about our responses to climate change, the movement from government-centric approaches to citizen-centric ones or the democratization of innovation, which will provide a voice for the millions of innovators outside major corporations.When our thinking becomes richer, our action becomes more robust, more anticipatory and adaptive. Future leadership will be more effective and have a greater impact because it will take the long-term view and increase our awareness of what is possible.
Knowledge in an uncertain world
Lexical meaning in context : a web of words
The practical past
Word meaning negotiation in online discussion forum communication
The fifth meeting of the Edinburgh prophecy network focussed on the presence of prophets and prophecy in narrative texts. The papers in this volume scrutinize the image of prophecy through the analysis of narrative processes. The papers deal with a great time span: from the Hittite Empire, via the Hebrew Bible, Judaism and Islam, up to the early Modern Period. Although all sorts of variations could be detected - especially due to the variety of temporal contexts, some features are recurring especially in view of the anthropological phenomenon of prophecy and its function in narratives.
Pictures of romance : from against context in painting and literature
Trauma and contextual factors in Ann-Marie MacDonald's Fall on your knees : incest, race and gendered subjectivities
"This accessible guide to discourse employs an innovative, inductive approach, with a clear focus on genre that allows students to examine language in context. Using real texts, students are shown how each dimension of discourse links together and are offered practical guidance on how to carry out a discourse analysis project"--
