http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23839 digitising
digitising
Engaging students with archival and digital resources
Oral history and digital humanities : voice, access, and engagement
National broadband strategy : final report
Archaeological grey reports : current issues and their potential for the future
Access to medical knowledge : libraries, digitization, and the public good
Microfilming for digitisation
Coordination for shared knowledge creation in the development and management of inter-organizational business processes
Guidelines on the production and preservation of digital audio objects
Brings together a group of international experts to consider the following key issues: What is the role of digital resources in the research life cycle? Do the arts and humanities face a 'data deluge'? How are digital collections to be sustained over the long term? What is the role of digital collections in the 'digital economy'?
Handbook on the digital creative economy
Access to capital for the content industries : executive summary
We live in a world of complex and seemingly infinite information. The ways in which people of all ages use and obtain that information has changed drastically in recent years: e-book readership has increased, Wikipedia has largely supplanted encyclopedias and reference books, and many people now consume news and media through their smartphones, tablets, and laptops. With digital culture ascendant, it seems counterintuitive to argue that libraries, of all things, are more important than ever. But that is exactly what library expert John Palfrey does in BiblioTech, a stirring call to arms that explains how libraries can become bulwarks against the creeping problems of our times: unequal access to education, jobs, and information. Yet the fate of the local library is by no means secure; these institutions are struggling to adapt to our rapidly modernizing world, and often rely on dwindling funding from state and local governments to do so. In order to survive, libraries will need to dramatically shift their focus from maintaining and building up their collections to serving their communities. Print and analog formats will never disappear, Palfrey assures us, but libraries must make the transition to a digital future as soon as possible--by digitizing print material, ensuring that born-digital material (from data sets to blog posts to sound recordings) is accessible to researchers, and making all of this digital information publicly available online. Not all of these changes will be easy for libraries to implement and the process of digitizing collections and training librarians will be complicated and costly. But as Palfrey boldly argues, these modifications are vital if we hope to save libraries and, through them, the American democratic ideal.
Digital information contexts : theoretical approaches to understanding digital information
Managing digital cultural objects : analysis, discovery and retrieval
Digital information culture : the individual and society in the digital age
Encouraging collections mobility : a way forward for museums in Europe
Television across Europe : a comparative introduction
Convergence : integrating media, information & communication
Progress in cultural heritage preservation : 4th International Conference, EuroMed 2012 : Limassol, Cyprus, October 29-November 3, 2012 : proceedings
Newspapers of the world online : U.S. and international perspectives : proceedings of conferences in Salt Lake City and Seoul, 2006
Industrial camera surveillance : Honkajoki Oy
Digital heritage : 3rd international conference dedicated on digital heritage : 8th - 13th of November 2010 Limassol, Cyprus : short papers
BiblioTech : why libraries matter more than ever in the age of Google
Managing multimedia collections : 23rd Library Systems Seminar, National and University Library, Ljubljana Bled, 21-23 April 1999
Digital citizenship : the internet, society, and participation
Digital collections : museums and the information age
Newspapers in Central and Eastern Europe - Zeitungen in Mittel- und Osteuropa : papers presented at an IFLA conference held in Berlin, August 2003
Preserving the digital heritage : principles and policies
Recoding the museum : digital heritage and the technologies of change
The digitization of cinematic visual effects : Hollywood's coming of age
Digital scholarship
Using the Dictionary of Old English Corpus for linguistic analyses : a basic classification of the textual sources
The Horizon 2020 work programme 2014-15 : digital opportunities for cultural heritage
Questions like 'Trapped in folklore?' open up many possibilities for reflection and prompt different answers. This thematic publication with a rather provocative title discusses questions as to whether the selected musical phenomena are a fossilised form of tradition, folklore and folklorism and, as such, are trapped in a museum-like image isolated from contemporary cultural life, or whether we are looking at active events, changes, and adjustments within contemporary society.
Digitization of cultural heritage : ViMuseo.fi project : description of PhD project
Essays on the demand for information goods
Natural language processing for historical texts
Digital heritage and culture : strategy and implementation
Scrolling forward : making sense of documents in the digital age
Summary (s. 7-11).
The case for books : past, present, and future
From the field to the net : analysing, cataloguing and digitising the material in the Saami folklore project
International newspaper librarianship for the 21st century
Introduction / Douglas A. Boyd and Mary A. Larson. Part I. Orality/aurality. Oral history in the age of digital possibilities / William Schneider. Why do we call it oral history? : refocusing on orality/aurality in the digital age / Sherna Berger Gluck. Adventures in sound : aural history, the digital revolution, and the making of " 'I can almost see the lights of home' : a field trip to Harlan County Kentucky" / Charles Hardy III. "I just want to click on it to listen" : oral history archives, orality and usability / Douglas A. Boyd. Part II. Discovery and discourse. Beyond the transcript : oral history as pedagogy / Marjorie McLellan. Notes from the field : digital history and oral history / Gerald Zahavi. Densho : the Japanese American Legacy Project / Tom Ikeda. Deconstruction without destruction : creating metadata for oral history in a digital world / Elinor Mazé. "We all begin with a story" : discovery and discourse in the digital realm / Mary A. Larson. Part III. Oral history and digital humanities perspectives. Swimming in the exaflood : oral history as information in the digital age / Stephen Sloan. [O]ral [h]istory and the [d]igital [h]umanities" / Dean Rehberger.
Digital applications for cultural and heritage institutions
Strategically digitizing the customer interaction process in hospitality industry : case: Holiday resort Järvisydän
Consistency and change in Finnish broadcasting policy : the implementation of digital television and lessons from the Canadian experience
Mesotext : digitised emblems, modelled annotations and humanities scholarship
The digitization of audio tapes
Biodiversity Heritage Library for Europe : best practice guidelines and standards
Networking for digital preservation : current practice in 15 national libraries
More and more historical texts are becoming available in digital form. Digitization of paper documents is motivated by the aim of preserving cultural heritage and making it more accessible, both to laypeople and scholars. As digital images cannot be searched for text, digitization projects increasingly strive to create digital text, which can be searched and otherwise automatically processed, in addition to facsimiles. Indeed, the emerging field of digital humanities heavily relies on the availability of digital text for its studies. Together with the increasing availability of historical texts in digital form, there is a growing interest in applying natural language processing (NLP) methods and tools to historical texts. However, the specific linguistic properties of historical texts--the lack of standardized orthography in particular--pose special challenges for NLP.
Newspapers : legal deposit and research in the digital era
Making archives accessible : increasing pluriformity in pursuing illusions
Preservation and the management of library collections
Open sourcing digital heritage : digital surrogates, museums and knowledge management in the age of open networks
This book is an introduction to critical and theoretical perspectives on digital information. It outlines the origins of information management in nineteenth-century humanism, the adoption of scientific perspectives in the documentation and information science movements, and modern theoretical frameworks for understanding the social, cultural and political place of digital information. Digital Information Contexts is the first book aimed at information professionals to give a detailed outline of important perspectives on information and meaning, including post-structuralism and post-modernism. It explores parallels between information management and media, communication and cultural studies. Each chapter includes recommended further reading to guide the reader to further information. It is a comprehensive introduction to theoretical frameworks for understanding and studying digital information.
Managing preservation for libraries and archives : current practice and future developments
Copyright and mass digitization : a cross-jurisdictional perspective
Preparing collections for digitization
The digital museum : a think guide
The nineteenth-century press in the digital age
Newspapers collection management: printed and digital challenges = La gestión de colecciones de periódicos: desafíos en impresos y digitales : proceedings of the International Newspaper Conference, Santiago de Chile, April 3-5, 2007
Digitization and digital archiving : a practical guide for librarians
Digital library use : social practice in design and evaluation
Eikonopoiia : digital imaging of ancient textual heritage : proceedings of the international conference, Helsinki, 28 -29 November, 2010 /edited by Vesa Vahtikari, Mika Hakkarainen, Antti nurminen
Trapped in folklore? : studies in music and dance tradition and their contemporary transformations
Text editing, print, and the digital world
The national memory is endangered
The future of the book in the digital age
The impact of digital technology on contemporary and historic newspapers : proceedings of the International Newspaper Conference, Singapore, 1-3 April 2008, and papers from the IFLA World Library and Information Congress, Québec, Canada, August, 2008 / edited by Hartmut Walravens ; in collaboration with the National Library of Singapore
Evaluating and measuring the value, use and impact of digital collections
Orphan works in the Information Age : comparative study on the regulatory problem and the best possible solution
Ethical decision making for digital libraries
Technology acceptance of digital historical record database systems among historians
Wired shut : copyright and the shape of digital culture
CODE : collaborative ownership and the digital economy
From an encyclopedia of Iranian Folklore to an ontology of Iranian folklore
Intelligent library buildings : proceedings of the tenth seminar of the IFLA Section on Library Buildings and Equipment, The Hague, Netherlands, 24-29 August 1997
A reader in preservation and conservation
The Digicult report : technological landscapes for tomorrow's cultural economy ; unlocking the value of cultural heritage ; executive summary January 2002
Creating digital editions for corpus linguistics : the case of Potage Dyvers, a family of six Middle English recipe collections
Digital watermarking techniques for printed images
Works in progress : digital film restoration within archives
Newspapers collection management :  printed and digital challenges = La gestión de colecciones de periódicos : desafíos en impresos y digitales : proceedings of the International Newspaper Conference, Santiago de Chile, April 3-5, 2007
Copyright's paradox
Nordic Conference on Digital transfer of images held at VTT, Technical Research Centre, Espoo, Finland, 10-11 November 1994 : proceedings of a Conference organised by Nordinfo
Changing paradigms : the transformation of management knowledge for the 21st century
Transferred illusions : digital technology and the forms of print
Information and documentation : implementation guidelines for digitization of records = Information et documentation : mise en œuvre des lignes directrices pour la numérisation des enregistrements
Social media and music : the digital field of cultural production
Microform & digitization review
Taking advantage of digital through digital customer experience management : case of Finnish banking and insurance companies
Remaking the movies : digital content and the evolution of the film and video industries
New strategies : for managing electronic records
How revolutionary was the digital revolution? : national responses, market transitions, and global technology
Crowdsourcing our cultural heritage
Copyright and cultural heritage : preservation and access to works in a digital world
