http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2381 beverage industry
beverage industry
Fermented beverage production
The alcohol textbook : a reference for the beverage, fuel, and industrial alcohol industries
Chemistry and technology of soft drinks and fruit juices
English summary.
An overview of the beverage companies of Bangladesh and Finland
Food marketing to children and youth : threat or opportunity?
A pre-study of the operational performance indication system for beverage processes
World drinks marketing directory 2000/2001.. Vol. 2.
Priciples and practices of small- and medium-scale fruit juice processing
The house of Haig
The cider factory : plant and layout
Citizen Coke : the making of Coca-Cola capitalism
International sectoral comparisons including analyses on the beverages industries in Germany and Europe. 1, General theory and empirical research applied to the European industry : the beverages case
"A "beer lover's guide, including more than 100 types to know, arranged style by style"--Jacket.
Raw spirit : in search of the perfect dram
Licensing as an international market entry mode : case: Eurodrinks Oy's entering Vietnamese alcoholic beverage market
Entry strategies for Bermudez : a comparative study of the Swedish and Portuguese markets
WHO expert committee on problems related to alcohol consumption : second report
A study of the evolution of concentration in the beverages industry for the United Kingdom. 2, The distribution of alcoholic and soft drinks
Harpers wine & spirit directory
The carbon footprint of the Finnish beverage industry for years 2000-2012 as calculated with CCaLC
Coffee : a comprehensive guide to the bean, the beverage, and the industry
London gin : the gin craze
Successful wine marketing
Coca-globalization : following soft drinks from New York to New Guinea
The orange book
Fortified and soft drinks
World drinks marketing directory 2000/2001.. Vol. 1.
Nanotechnology in the food, beverage and nutraceutical industries
300 beers to try before you die!
Wine wars : the curse of the Blue Nun, the miracle of Two Buck Chuck, and the revenge of the terroirists
Concentration, competition and competitiveness in the beverages industries of the European Community
For God, country and Coca-cola : the unauthorized history of the great American soft drink and the company that makes it
The Heineken story : the remarkably refreshing tale of the beer that conquered the world
Carbonated beverages industry : inspection manual
Corporate social responsibility and alcohol : the need and potential for partnership
Co-product feeds : animal feeds from the food and drinks industries
Yeast physiology and biotechnology
Market domination! : the impact of industry consolidation on competition, innovation, and consumer choice
Harpers wine & spirit trades review
Pop : truth and power at the Coca-Cola company
Bottled and sold : the story behind our obsession with bottled water
Liquidator. The brand-new, delicious and wildly popular energy drink. For those who wanna win! The company that makes it is set to earn a fortune, with its global launch climaxing at an international rock concert that will shake the planet. The only problem? An innocent child is dying. Meet Vicky and her class-mates: their work experience is about to spin totally out of control as they uncover a secret that could change the world. And put them all in mortal danger...
Handbook of beverage packaging
Thai consumers' attitudes towards processed fruit juices
A study of the evolution of concentration in the Dutch beverages industry
The chemistry of beer
The beer bible
Reuse and recycling of food packaging : odour related aspects of the use and misuse of PET beverage bottles
This definitive guide to coffee explores the many rich dimensions of the bean and the beverage around the world. Leading experts consider coffee's history, global spread, cultivation, preparation, marketing, and the environmental and societal issues surrounding it today. They describe the art and science of roasting, cupping (tasting), and making good coffee.--
Microbiological spoilage and safety risks in non-beer beverages
A study of the evolution of concentration and prices in the food and beverages industries for Denmark
Crisis management in the food and drinks industry : a practical approach
The real thing : truth and power at the Coca-Cola company
Carbonated soft drinks : formulation and manufacture
Brewed awakening : behind the beers and brewers leading the world's craft brewing revolution
The alcohol textbook : a reference for the beverage, fuel and industrial alcohol industries
Belching out the devil
Innocent : our story & some things we've learned
Coca-cola : a collector's guide to new and vintage coca-cola memorabilia
500 aastat Eesti piirituse tootmist = 500 years spirits production in Estonia
The good water guide : the world's best bottled waters
Competition and concentration : the economics of the carbonated soft drink industry
Soda pop : the history, advertising, art and memorabilia of soft drinks in America
A study of the evolution of concentration in the beverages industry for the United Kingdom. 1, Industry structure and concentration, 1969-1974
Maximizing Export Performance of Alcoholic Beverages in Ghana Through Packaging.  : Case: Kasapreko Company Limited and Gihoc Distilleries Company Limited
Veuve Clicquot champagne epitomizes glamour, style, and luxury. But who was this young widow--the Veuve Clicquot--whose champagne sparkled at the courts of France, Britain, and Russia, and how did she rise to celebrity and fortune? Cultural historian Mazzeo brings to life the woman behind the iconic yellow label: Barbe-Nicole Clicquot Ponsardin. A young witness to the French Revolution and a new widow during the chaotic years of the Napoleonic Wars, Barbe-Nicole defied convention by assuming--after her husband's death--the reins of the fledgling wine business they had nurtured, and became one of the world's first great businesswomen and one of the richest women of her time. This book provides a glimpse into the life of a daring and determined entrepreneur, a bold risk taker, and an audacious and intelligent woman who took control of her own destiny when fate left her on the brink of financial ruin.--From publisher description.
Beer : the ultimate world tour
The craft of Stone Brewing Co. : liquid lore, epic recipes, and unabashed arrogance
Plastic water : the social and material life of bottled water
The Dedalus book of vodka
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
For God, country & Coca-Cola : the definitive history of the world's most popular soft drink
Belching out the devil : [global adventures with Coca-Cola]
The widow Clicquot : the story of a champagne empire and the woman who ruled it
Marketing in Europe : the experience of small and medium European food and drink firms
Thai consumers attitudes towards processed fruit juices
Good practice for the small-scale production of bottled coconut water
How to succeed in knowledge transfer : case study of Scandinavian Alliance in Ukraine
Toward a sustainable wine industry : green enology in practice
As a native of Scotland, bestselling author Iain Banks has decided to undertake a tour of the distilleries of his homeland in a bid to uncover the unique spirit of the single malt. Visiting some of the world's most famous distilleries and also some of its smallest and most obscure ones, Banks embarks on a journey of discovery which educates him about the places, people and products surrounding the centuries-old tradition of whisky production. Using various modes of transport - ferries to the islands, cars across the highlands, even bicycles between bus stops - Banks' tour of Scotland combines history, literature and landscape in an entertaining and informative account of an exploration in which the arrival is by no means the most important part of the journey.
Absolut book : The Absolut vodka advertising story
Harpers wine & spirit
The importance of country-of-origin effects on Finnish wine consumers’ wine perceptions
Marketing suggestions for YING KE SONG
Beer packaging : a manual for the brewing and beverage industries
International sectoral comparisons including analyses on the beverages industries in Germany and Europe. 2, A study on evolution of concentration in the beverages industry in the Federal Republic of Germany
Merchants of drink : transnational control of world beverages
Supply web integrated life cycle assessment : introduction to a management model and experiences from a pilot project
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Reduction of acidity in northern region berry juices
Dressed to fill : producing and filling PET bottles
Beverages : technology, chemistry and microbiology
Beers of the world
The brewmaster's table : discovering the pleasures of real beer with real food
