http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23881 Windows 7
Windows 7
Computer basics Windows 7 edition in simple steps
Jump right in! : essential computer skills using Microsoft Office 2010
Microsoft Windows group policy guide
Windows Vista step by step : deluxe edition
Breakthrough Windows Vista : find your favorite features and discover the possibilities
Microsoft Silverlight Edition : programming Windows Phone 7
Group policy : fundamentals, security, and the managed desktop
Simply Windows 7
Windows 7 deployment challenges in Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences
Software security and testing analysis: Case study: security structure of windows 7
Beginning Windows Phone 7 application development : building Windows Phone applications using Silverlight and XNA
Brilliant Microsoft Windows 7
Windows 7 : the missing manual
Windows 7 : all-in-one for dummies
Windows 8.1 administration pocket consultant : storage, security, & networking
Windows 7 for dummies
Windows 7 for dummies quick reference
Professional Windows 7 development guide
Microsoft Windows Vista : visual quick tips
Microsoft Windows 7 your way : speed up and customize Windows
Easy Microsoft Windows 7
Windows® 7 all-in-one for dummies®
Microsoft Outlook 2010 : introductory
Microsoft Windows 7
MCTS Self-paced training kit [Exam 70-620] : configuring Windows Vista Client
Window's programmer's guide to ObjectWindows library
Beginning SharePoint 2010 development
Windows Vista all-in-one desk reference for dummies
Windows 7 Bible
Microsoft Windows 7 unleashed
Mastering Microsoft Windows 7 administration
Microsoft® official academic course (70-562) : Microsoft® .NET framework 3.5, ASP.NET application development : lab manual
Introducing Windows 7 for Developers
Microsoft official academic course (70-643) : Windows Server 2008 applications infrastructure configuration : lab manual
Windows 7 simplified
Computing with Windows 7 for the older and wiser : get up and running on your home PC
Computing made easy for the over 50s : Windows 7 edition
Windows 7 all-in-one for dummies
Teach yourself visuallyTM Windows® 7
Windows 7 bible
Windows 7 for seniors for dummies
Windows 7 For Dummies® Quick Reference
Windows 7 for seniors
Microsoft system center configuration manager initialization in Savonia
Beginning SharePoint 2007 administration : Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 and Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007
Windows 7 visual : Quick tips
Windows phone 7 programming for Android and iOS developers
Microsoft Windows 7 in depth
Windows 7 plain & simple
Using your computer : the beginner's guide
Mastering Windows 7 deployment
Get started in Windows 7
Door & window design
Windows 7 : step by step
Windows 7 resource kit
It is important to have alternatives in everyday life to have best of everything and this is also true while selecting operating system. Windows being only chargeable operating system and Microsoft ending support for Windows XP, many consumers are looking alternatives. This thesis evaluates Windows 7 and Linux Mint 13 functionalities from student point of view by conducting a case study. Case study consisted several tasks for operating systems user interface and programs. It was discovered that both operating systems were able to execute the desirable functions and were user friendly according to the test subject. Windows 7 is more likely to be consumers choice because its familiarity but for more money conscious consumer, Linux Mint is something to be considered.
Microsoft Windows 2000 Server resource kit. Microsoft Windows 2000 Server : distributed systems guide
Microsoft Windows home server : unleashed
Windows Communication Foundation 3.5 unleashed
Windows 7 : administrator's pocket consultant
Laptop basics Windows 7 version in simple steps
Laptop basics Microsoft Windows 7 version
The book of wireless : a painless guide to wi-fi and broadband wireless
Microsoft Windows 7 : a case approach
"Get started building your own apps and utilities for Windows Phone 7—expertly guided by award-winning author Charles Petzold. Focusing on Silverlight for Windows Phone 7 and the C# language, you'll learn how to extend your existing skills to this new mobile platform—mastering the core tools and techniques you need to get productive quickly. As always, Charles brings a unique combination of pragmatism and inspiration to his instruction—along with a wealth of hands-on examples. Discover how to: - Customize page navigation and layout. - Know when to use code vs. XAML markup. - Capture and embed bitmaps, balancing performance issues. - Support multi-touch input—including tap, drag, flick, and pinch. - Work with accelerometer and location services. -Experiment with panoramic and pivot controls. - Create effects using built-in or custom animations. - Manage state, tombstoning, data-binding, and storage. - Write your own templates and custom controls. - Test-drive your app on Windows Phone Emulator."
Windows 7 secrets
Windows lockdown! : your XP and Vista guide against hacks, attacks and other Internet mayhem
MCTS self-paced training kit (exam 70-680) : configuring Windows 7
Microsoft Windows 2000 Server resource kit. Microsoft windows 2000 Server : TCP/IP Core networking guide
A comprehensive guide to the new Windows operating system covers such topics as security, using the Internet, multimedia, printing, managing files and folders, installing and removing programs, and networking.
Windows 7 and Linux Mint : evaluation of basic actions from student's perspective - case study
Microsoft Windows 2000 Server resource kit. Microsoft Windows 2000 Server : deployment planning guide
Microsoft windows administrator's automation toolkit
Network your computers & devices: step by step
"The ultimate Group Policy guide-now updated for Windows 7 and Server 2008 R2! IT and network administrators can streamline their Windows Server management tasks by using Group Policy tools to automate or implement rules, processes, or new security across the enterprise. In this comprehensive guide, Microsoft Group Policy MVP Jeremy Moskowitz thoroughly explores Group Policy across all Windows platforms, including the latest on Windows 7 and Server 2008 R2. If you're a Windows network administrator managing scores of users and computers, you need this essential reference on your desk. Covers the fundamentals and beyond of Group Policy, a collection of tools and settings that allow administrators to manage users and computers across a Windows Server enterprise. Reflects the very latest Windows Server technologies: Windows Server 2008 R2 and Windows 7. Includes essential topics such as Group Policy settings, using the management console, implementing security, maintaining settings as users move from one computer to another, using Windows Steady State, and more. Offers expert guidance and advice from renowned Group Policy expert and Microsoft Group Policy MVP Jeremy Moskowitz. If you're a Windows Server network or IT administrator, make your life easier with Group Policy and this must-have guide"-- Provided by publisher.
Windows 7 visual quick tips
Programming Windows Phone 7 : Microsoft XNA Framework Edition
Windows 7 : up and running
Windows 7 : the definitive guide
Teach yourself visually Windows 7
Skills for success with Windows 7 : comprehensive
Microsoft Windows registry guide
Honeypots for Windows
The Beginner's Guide to Windows 7
Fractal graphics for Windows
Professional Windows phone 7 application development : building applications and games using Visual Studio, Silverlight, and XNA
Modern mobile application development : case: developing location based mobile application for Windows Phone and Android
Windows 7 inside out
Windows 7 for XP professionals : essential planning & support for the IT pro
MCITP : Windows server 2008 : server administrator : study guide
Applied networking labs : a hands-on guide to networking and server management
Windows 7 : for seniors for dummies®
Cisco networking academy program : IT Essentials 1 : Pc Hardware and Software Lab Companion
Windows 7 : in easy steps
Windows internals. Part 1.
iCloud : for iPhone, iPad, iPod, Mac, and Windows
Security for Microsoft Windows system administrators : introduction to key information security concepts
An introduction to Windows 7
PC problem solving made easy
