http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23809 East Europeans
East Europeans Eastern Europeans
International business etiquette : Europe : what you nees to know to conduct business abroad with charm and savvy
Toinen Eurooppa = The other Europe
Competing eyes : visual encounters with alterity in Central and Eastern Europe
When the world turned upside-down : cultural representations of post-1989 Eastern Europe
Early Transition Trends and Differences of Higher Education Attainment in the Former Soviet Union, Central and Eastern European Countries
Under Eastern eyes : a comparative introduction to East European travel writing on Europe
The road home
Under Eastern eyes : a comparative introduction to  East European travel writing on Europe
The Indo-European and ancient near Eastern sources of the Armenian epic : myth and history
This collection of Sonja Brentjes' articles deals with travels, encounters and the exchange of knowledge in the Mediterranean and Western Asia during the 16th and 17th centuries, focusing on three historiographical concerns. The first is how we should understand the relationship between Christian and Muslim societies, in the period between the translations from Arabic into Latin (10th - 13th centuries) and before the Napoleonic invasion of Ottoman Egypt (1798). The second concern is the 'Western' discourse about the decline or even disappearance of the sciences in late medieval and early modern Islamic societies and, third, the construction of Western Asian natures and cultures in Catholic and Protestant books, maps and pictures. The articles discuss institutional and personal relationships, describe how Catholic or Protestant travellers learned about and accessed Muslim scholarly literature, and uncover contradictory modes of reporting, evaluating or eradicating the visited cultures and their knowledge.
Orientations : an anthology of East European travel writing : ca. 1550-2000
East and Central European history writing in exile 1939-1989
A linguistic map of prehistoric Northern Europe
The British in the Far East
A Bibliography of East European travel writing on Europe
The major languages of Eastern Europe
Masquerade and postsocialism : ritual and cultural dispossession in Bulgaria
The incorrigible optimists club
Tracking a diaspora : émigrés from Russia and Eastern Europe in the repositories
The bibliography volume of the three-volume "East Looks West: East European Travel Writing in Europe" collates travel writing published in book form by east Europeans travelling in Europe from ca. 1550 to 2000. It is intended as a fundamental research tool, collecting together travel writings within each national/linguistic tradition, and enabling comparative analysis of such material. It fills an important gap in the existing reference literature, both in western and east European languages, and will be of use to those working in the growing fields of comparative travel writing, regional and national identities, and postcolonialism.These texts exist in surprisingly large numbers, and include writings of high literary quality as well as of historical interest, but they have been relatively little studied as a genre. Much of this material is rare and difficult to find, even in national libraries. As a result, there are few bibliographical surveys of the literature of east European travel and self-representation, and none that are region-wide or comparative in scope. This is the third volume of a three-part set of "East Looks West", Vol. 1 - "An Anthology of East European Travel Writing on Europe"; and Vol. 2 - "A Comparative Introduction to East European Travel Writing on Europe".
Pashas : traders and travellers in the Islamic world
The coming of the Greeks : Indo-European conquests in the Aegean and the Near East
Travellers from Europe in the Ottoman and Safavid empires, 16th-17th centuries : seeking, transforming, discarding knowledge
The past trends in tertiary education attainment of selected post-communist countries are investigated through population projections. Did a common higher education policy manifest itself through attainment levels, and how did the situation change after the collapse of the Soviet regime? The approach is based on comprehensive back-projections ranging from year 2000 to 1970. Descriptive findings for most countries show that the level of tertiary education attainment for women has surpassed that of men sooner than in Western Europe. Results are discussed in light of individual countries' pre-war higher education models and former communist policy, and possible implications are derived for future study of higher education attainment.
Constructed identities in Europe
How we found America : reading gender through East European immigrant narratives
A comparative analysis of word order in Baltic Finnic and Indoeuropean languages
