http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23915 global education
global education
Index for inclusion : developing learning and participation in schools
Transforming higher education to prepare global leaders : is higher education ready for the global perspective of multicultural education?
Learning and teaching sustainable development in global-local contexts
Educating the global citizen
Designing globally networked learning environments : visionary partnerships, policies and pedagogies
A moral responsibility or an extra burden? : a study on global education as part of Finnish basic education
Education that matters : teachers, critical pedagogy and development education at local and global level
"... examines in depth the basic concepts of international education: the apparent tension between human diversity and our common humanity; the importance of intercultural understanding; and the search for a set of universal values to unite humankind." -- Back cover.
Training of nonviolence in non-formal youth education
An English language club on global education for 6th graders : a teacher's handbook
This study focuses on practices of engagement and representation in North-South international partnerships, and in global and development education in Finland. The first objective was approached through a qualitative methodology involving document analyses, and interviews with northern and southern partners engaged in education sector partnerships in Zambia from 2003 to 2007. The second objective discusses challenges and possibilities for more ethical North-South partnerships in global and development education policies in Finland. This doctoral study report consists of four articles and a thesis summary. This study draws on three fields of scholarship: postcolonial studies, development studies and global and development education studies. Postcolonial theory is used selectively as a ‘tool for thinking’ that connects critical examinations of North-South engagements and representations with educational possibilities. The methodological framework consists of a combination of different qualitative methods including ethnography and content analysis of three sets of data: 1) 19 semi-structured theme interviews, 2) five open-ended narrative interviews and 3) selected Finnish global and development education policy documents. In the analysis of structures, narratives and relationships in educational partnerships in Zambia, this study outlines tensions and paradoxes that point to the need for more ethical practices that can move beyond hegemonic, ethnocentric and paternalistic patterns of representation and engagement in international development work. The study concludes that ethical engagements in North-South education sector partnerships require an approach that goes beyond individual skills, knowledge and competencies. The importance of systemic analyses of power and knowledge production, of acknowledging the historical and cultural referents that frame possibilities of understanding, and of acknowledging the complexities that are present in North-South engagements are emphasized. Furthermore, the importance of self-reflexivity is suggested as a starting point for understanding the limits of universalised forms of knowing to support ethical engagements.
Global citizenship education : philosophy, theory and pedagogy / edited by Michael A. Peters, Alan Britton and Harry Blee
The production of educational knowledge in the global era
Educating for human rights and global citizenship
Encyclopedia of global studies
Ecojustice education : toward diverse, democratic, and sustainable communities
Compass : manual for human rights education with young people
Visions in global education : the globalization of curriculum and pedagogy in teacher education and schools : perspectives from Canada, Russia, and the United States
Schools reaching out to a global world : what competences do global citizens need?
Towards more ethical engagements in North-South education sector partnerships
A moral responsibility or an extra burden?:a study on global education as part of Finnish basic education
Towards more ethical engagements in North–South education sector partnerships
