http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23987 receivers (devices)
receivers (devices)
Integrated receiver channel and timing discrimination circuits for a pulsed time-of-flight laser rangefinder
Detection algorithms and ASIC designs for MIMO-OFDM downlink receivers
Radio Data System in a cellular phone = Radio Data System osana matkapuhelinta
Interferometry and synthesis in radio astronomy
Radio receiver projects you can build
The radio station : broadcast, satellite & internet
Continuous-time low-pass filters for integrated wideband radio receivers
The electronics of radio
Research tools and architectural considerations for future GNSS receivers
Low complexity UWB receivers with ranging capabilities
Advanced receivers for high data rate mobile communications
Practical radio for beginners (Book 2)
Future wireless systems will require high data rate with low transmit and processing power consumption. A combination of multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) transmission with orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) is a promising approach for offering better performance in terms of the capacity and quality of service (QoS). The detector in the wireless receiver is one of the highest power consuming parts. In order to minimize the power consumption, it is desirable for the detector to be able to change the detection algorithm to suit the channel conditions.In this thesis work, we study the suitability of different MIMO detection algorithms for adaptive operation. The selective spanning with fast enumeration (SSFE), K-best list sphere detector (LSD), linear minimum mean square error (LMMSE), and successive interference cancellation (SIC) detectors are compared to each other in terms of communications performance in the 4 × 4 and 8 × 8 MIMO–OFDM systems. The impact of least squares (LS) and minimum mean square error (MMSE) channel estimation methods, mobile speed, and transmit precoding at the base station on detector algorithm selection is also considered. The SIC detector is shown to suffer from error propagation in poor channel conditions. The SSFE detector is unable to outperform the K-best LSD and is occasionally outperformed by the LMMSE detector. The LMMSE detector is able to outperform the K-best LSD on the low signal-to-noise (SNR) regime when the mobile speed is high and the spatial channel correlation is low or moderate; it is also found to be more robust against channel estimation errors. Because a realistic adaptive detector is expected to support only two detection algorithms, the K-best LSD and LMMSE are selected based on the performance results for application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) architecture design and further comparison.The chosen algorithms are evaluated by considering the performance and implementation results. The K-best LSD provides good performance under challenging channel conditions with the cost of high complexity and power consumption. The LMMSE detector is energy efficient but performs poorly in correlated channels. However, exceptions exist, and detailed results on when to use a simple detector and when to use a complex detector are provided.
Integrated CMOS circuits for laser radar transceivers
Bandpass delta-sigma modulators for radio receivers
Charge-domain sampling of high-frequency signals with embedded filtering
Practical radio for beginners (Book 1)
Communications receivers : principles and design
CMOS time-to-digital converter structures for the integrated receiver of a pulsed time-of-flight laser rangefinder
Audio and Hi-Fi handbook
Terrestrial television : the next technology transition : working group Interim report
Coordinated beamforming in cellular and cognitive radio networks
Communication performance prediction and link adaptation based on a statistical radio channel model
Signal processing algorithms for FFT-based GNSS receivers
Evaluations and analysis of IR-UWB receivers for personal medical communications
This thesis seeks to develop a robust semi-analytical performance prediction method for an advanced iterative receiver that processes spatially multiplexed signals that have propagated through frequency-selective receive correlated multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) wireless communication channels. In a change of perspective, the proposed performance prediction methods are applied at the transmitter, which seeks to attain a target frame error rate (FER) either by adaptive power control or by adaptive modulation and coding (AMC).The performance prediction scheme utilises the statistical properties of the channel—namely noise variance, number of separable propagation paths and the eigenvalues of the receive correlation matrix—to predict the signal-to-interference-plus-noise ratio (SINR) at the output of a frequency domain soft interference cancellation minimum mean square error equaliser. The SINR distribution is used to derive the distribution of the variance of the log-likelihood ratios (LLRs) at the output of a soft symbol-to-bit demapper. Mutual information transfer charts establish a bijective relationship between the variance of the LLRs and mutual information. A 3rd Generation Partnership Project compliant turbo code is assumed. Since the decoder operates independently from the channel, its extrinsic information transfer (EXIT) charts can be simulated in advance. By utilising the approximate LLR variance distribution of the demapped equaliser output, it is possible to evaluate the probability of an intersection between an equaliser chart associated with a random channel realisation and a fixed decoder chart. This probability provides the FER.Since the proposed performance prediction method does not require any instantaneous channel state information, it can be applied at the transmitter side as a robust link adaptation scheme. In adaptive transmission power control, the modulation order and code rate are fixed. By iteratively adjusting transmission power, the transmitter attempts to find an equaliser output LLR variance distribution that reaches a specified target FER. In AMC, transmission power is fixed. The equaliser output's LLR variance distribution is determined by the modulation order, while the decoder chart's position is determined by the code rate. The transmitter iteratively adjusts the code rate and attempts to find a modulation order and code rate pairing that reaches the target FER. For vertically encoded spatially multiplexed systems, the adaptive transmission power control and AMC schemes are complemented by adaptive repeat redundancy and incremental redundancy hybrid automatic repeat request (HARQ) techniques, respectively.
Communication electronics
Design and characterization of monolithic millimeter-wave integrated circuits for receiver front-ends
Design and characterization of downconversion mixers and the on-chip calibration techniques for monolithic direct conversion radio receivers
Iterative receivers for interference cancellation and suppression in wireless communications
Adaptive multi-standard RF front-ends
ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2007
Joint multiuser power allocation and iterative multi-antenna receiver design
Advanced DSP for I/Q imbalance compensation in digital receivers
Techniques for sampling rate conversion by arbitrary factors with applications in flexible communications receivers
Design, analysis, and optimization of radio frequency front-ends for integrated wireless receivers
Low-noise amplifiers for integrated multi-mode direct-conversion receivers
Communications receivers : DSP, software radios, and design
Transceiver and system design for digital communications
The ARRL Handbook : for radio communications
Electronic communications : modulation and transmission
Digital communication receivers : synchronization, channel estimation and signal processing
Impulse radio ultra-wideband (IR-UWB) technology, due to its baseband signaling, potentially offers a low cost, low complexity and low power consumption option for different short range sensor network applications. These sensor networks can be applied to many kinds of future implementations, including the Internet of Things (IoT) applications. In the medical and healthcare context, the term wireless body area network (WBAN) is often used, but, as mentioned, the wireless technology itself can be applied to any kind of body, e.g., to car or robot body networks.This thesis studies IR-UWB receivers' performances in different hospital environment channel models by means of computer simulation. The main focus is on receivers that are capable of detecting the signals specified either in the IEEE 802.15.4-2015 or in the IEEE 802.15.6-2012 standards. The used channel models from two independent research groups include both on-body to on-body and on-body to off-body scenarios in different hospital environments.The evaluations and comparisons of various receivers include energy detector (ED) and rake receivers, the latter with both selective- and partial-rake structures. One of the studied receiver structures is further analyzed as it was noticed that the simulation results did not correspond to the assumed theoretical bit error probability (BEP) curves. Along the standards based studies, some modifications are also suggested for the two existing IR-UWB standards for increased compatibility and improved performance. One of the propositions resulted a Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) patent application. Additionally, an extensive survey is provided offering a compilation which includes presentations of IR-UWB research by other researchers, existing standards' IR-UWB physical layer (PHY) specifications and the main global regulations concerning UWB.
IrDA compatible data link for mass-producible electronic devices
Equalization and channel estimation algorithms and implementations for cellular MIMO-OFDM downlink
Integrated radio frequency circuits for wideband receivers
