http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23911 shopping tourism
shopping tourism
The business and management of ocean cruises
International tourism : cultures and behavior
Purchasing : selection and procurement for the hospitality industry. Study guide to accompany
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Adjustment of companies to demand shock in the Joensuu region
Hotel pricing in a social world : driving value in the digital economy
Very simple chinese
Hämeenpuisto as a tourism destination : operational development
The selling of in-destination travel activities
The Experience of Shopping for Tourists
Understanding the hospitality consumer
Shopping tourism, retailing, and leisure
Food and beverage management
Hotel safety as decision factor in the purchase process : Is hotel safety a concern for Finnish companies?
Handbook of tourist behavior : theory & practice
The purpose of this thesis is to study what motivates Russian travellers to revisit North Karelia. In the theoretical part, this study concentrates on revisit intention and on sub-concepts which influence the decision to revisit. Travel motivation, destination image and Russian tourist behaviour are under investigation in light of revisit intention. The data was gathered in three days in December 2010 at the Niirala International Border Crossing Point where 133 arriving Russians -excluding first-time visitors and travellers going outside North Karelia- were questioned on-site. The questions were in the form of a Likert-scale and only a few of them were open-ended questions. The analyses were done with SPSS-Software, and by using cross tabulations it was possible to investigate associations between two separate variables. The results revealed that 80 % of Russian travellers who were satisfied with their visit and intend to recommend their destination will revisit North Karelia. The effect of quantity of prior visit towards intention to revisit is also strong. Russian travellers are motivated to travel to North Karelia by getting a break from the routine, shopping and relaxation possibilities and there is a strong association between the two previously mentioned motivators and intention to revisit. Importance-Performance Analysis revealed that Russians are not satisfied with the given effort of customer servants` competence in Russian. Russian travellers see North Karelia as a shopping destination which is safe and with possibilities to relax.
The holiday goddess handbag guide to Paris, New York, London and Rome
Marketing in travel and tourism
Post-travel consumption : country-of-origin effects of international travel experiences
Secondhand and vintage Berlin
The safety of hotels worldwide has become a big issue during the last decade, and is probable to become even more important in the future. For companies sending their employees on business trips the issue can be seen as a growing problem when the world looks more unstable for every day. So how important is hotel safety for Finnish companies, do they consider the safety standards of a hotel-chain when they are making deals with this particular hotel-chain? In other words, is this safety aspect of importance in the purchase decision process?  The main question in this research was if Finnish companies see hotel safety as a criteria when they are choosing to set up a deal with a hotel-chain and how this is seen in the process. How do they measure the safety standards and also if they make any kind of follow up on this issue after the deal has been made.  A qualitative research with questionnaires sent to persons taking care of travel arrangements in Finnish companies was done. The companies varied greatly in size and also field of business.  The responses that came back were not many and a generalization of Finnish companies is impossible to do. The main part of the few respondents considered the safety as important when their employees were traveling though hotel-safety was maybe not such a great issue. It seemed the companies did trust the hotel-chains in this matter. The opinion that higher standard of the hotel guarantees also a better safety standard was common. Nevertheless a few companies were genuinely concerned of this issue and it seems like there is a growing awareness among companies in this issue although maybe not so widespread as for foreign companies.
Cruise management : information and decision support systems
Tourist shopping villages : forms and functions
Marketing for hospitality and tourism
The simple guide to customs and etiquette in Germany
Customer value formation in practice : a practice-theoretical approach
Consumer behaviour in tourism
Tourist behaviour research : What motivates Russian travellers to revisit North Karelia
Purchasing : selection and procurement for the hospitality industry
You are here
China as a destination : research of finnish tourists' willingness to travel to China
Foundations of marketing
Russians' shopping tourism in Helsinki : Case: Global Blue Finland Ltd
Destination recommendation systems : behavioural foundations and applications
