http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2399 equality (values)
equality (values)
Everyday struggling
What should we tell our daughters : the pleasures and pressures of growing up female
Independent living : the right to be equal citizens
Inequity in access to health care services according to labor market status
Tiedenaisia = Vetenskapskvinnor = Women of learning
Stages : steps towards addressing gender in educational settings
ABC of women workers' rights : practical guide
The Finnish equality act : focus on sex discrimination
No easy choices - the dificult priorities of health care : report
Civilization and oppression
Globalization and education : essays on quality of equality
Fair play : how LGBT athletes are claiming their rightful place in sports
Exploring the role of Finnish international NGOs in women empowerment in Tanzania : case: Demo Finland
A macroeconomic perspective on education and inequality
Education for equality : some guidelines for good practice
Theory and method in higher education research. Volume 2
EU annual report on human rights 2008
How to raise a feminist
Mga anak ng araw : bakit iba-iba ang kulay ng mga lahi = Children of the sun : why different races have different colors
I have a dream
Readings on population for law students
We should all be feminists
Gender equality barometer 2012
Discrimination against men : appearance and causes in the context of a modern welfare state
Scandinavian men and women : a welfare comparison
Lean in : women, work, and the will to lead
Europe for women, women for Europe
Towards gender equity in Japanese and Nordic labour markets : a tale of two paths
Polyamory and Kinship in Finland
In the shadows of machismo : Ecuadorian women and football
Were they pushed or did they jump? : individual decision mechanisms in education
What is this thing called global justice?
Equality planning at workplaces : toolkit of gender equality
Gender equality and equity : a summary review of UNESCO's accomplishments since the fourth world conference on women (Beijing 1995)
Changing representations of gender in two EFL textbook series
Unspeakable things : Sex, lies and revolution
Making history : the struggle for gay and lesbian equal rights 1945-1990 : an oral history
Afrofuturism : the world of black sci-fi and fantasy culture
Local people and protected areas : a case study from Miraflor, Nicaragua
Gender equality and health experiences : workplace patterns in Northern Sweden
Pornography and civil rights : a new day for women's equality
Summary.
Equality and diversity in social work practice
Ideals of equality
The second sex
Equal rights, equal responsibilities, equal opportunities : equality issues in Finland in 1994.
Justice and equality here and now
Women and men in Finland
Buddha on Wall Street : what's wrong with capitalism and what we can do about it
When Cyd Zeigler started writing about LGBT sports issues in 1999, no one wanted to talk about them. Today, this is a central conversation in American society that reverberates throughout the sports world and beyond.  In Fair Play, Zeigler tells the story of how sports have transformed for LGBT athletes, diving into key moments and issues that have shaped sports for LGBT people today. He shares intimate behind-the-scenes details about various athletes and stories--including NFL Hall of Famer Michael Irvin, transgender MMA fighter Fallon Fox, and NFL hopeful Michael Sam, among others--along with contextual insights about elite sports, including the overhyped "distraction" myth surrounding gay athletes.
Pride & joy : taking the streets of New York City
Bringing up kids with the confidence to change the world.-- Cover
The persistence of social inequality in America
Education, equality and society
Sixteen-year-old Tyri wants to be a musician and wants to be with someone who won't belittle her musical aspirations.  Q-I-99 aka 'Quinn' lives in a scrap metal sanctuary with other rogue droids. While some use violence to make their voices heard, demanding equal rights for AI enhanced robots, Quinn just wants a moment on stage with his violin to show the humans that androids like him have more to offer than their processing power.  Tyri and Quinn's worlds collide when they're accepted by the Baldur Junior Philharmonic Orchestra. As the rift between robots and humans deepens, Tyri and Quinn's love of music brings them closer together, making Tyri question where her loyalties lie and Quinn question his place in the world. With the city on the brink of civil war, Tyri and Quinn make a shocking discovery that turns their world inside out. Will their passion for music be enough to hold them together while everything else crumbles down around them, or will the truth of who they are tear them apart?
Sex roles : sex inequality and sex role development
On the political economy of social security and public education
Gender at the workplace : Turku University employees' experiences of discrimination, harassment, bullying, and work
Report on equality between women and men
Equality, a habit to aim for : equality issues in Finland 1996.
Black americans and organized labor : a new history
Four hens and a rooster
Health, education, and welfare indicators. 1963, 5, May
World yearbook of education. 1981, Education of minorities
Iran in the 21st century : politics, economics and conflict
Waste of talents : turning private struggles into a public issue : women and science in the Enwise countries : a report to the European Commission from the Enwise Expert Group on women scientists in the Central and Eastern European countries and in the Baltic States
Poverty, inequality and income distribution in comparative perspective : the Luxembourg income study (LIS)
Gender and education
Gender equality - the Nordic model : [a common Nordic report to the Fourth World Conference on Women 1995]
With a summary in Swedish.
Free and equal : human rights in ecumenical perspective
Sexist harassment as an issue of gender equality politics and policies at university
Gender matters in schools : pupils and teachers
Values in sport : elitism, nationalism, gender equality and the scientific manufacture of winners
India's reforms : how they produced inclusive growth
Offers an updated definition of feminism for the twenty-first century, one rooted in inclusion and awareness.
Selected standards and policy statements of special interest to women workers adopted under auspices of the International Labour Office
The ways of the world
Nordic experiences with parental leave and its impact on equality between women and men
Beyond black and white : from civil rights to Barack Obama
Childbearing and Work-Family Balance among Contemporary Russian Women
What is Europe's future
The past trends in tertiary education attainment of selected post-communist countries are investigated through population projections. Did a common higher education policy manifest itself through attainment levels, and how did the situation change after the collapse of the Soviet regime? The approach is based on comprehensive back-projections ranging from year 2000 to 1970. Descriptive findings for most countries show that the level of tertiary education attainment for women has surpassed that of men sooner than in Western Europe. Results are discussed in light of individual countries' pre-war higher education models and former communist policy, and possible implications are derived for future study of higher education attainment.
Inequality in American Communities
Berkeley journal of gender, law & justice
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
The street porter and the philosopher : conversations on analytical egalitarianism
More than forty years have passed since members of the LGBTQ community took to the streets of New York City on the first anniversary of the Stonewall Riots for the world s first march for gay rights. From its modest, though ambitious, beginnings, the annual event has grown into an all-encompassing celebration of queer culture, drawing more than a million people. It has also come to mean many things to many people. For some, Pride has become too commercial or irrelevant as queer culture has become mainstream. To others, the festivities should be less about the politics of the gay rights movement and more about a joyful celebration of what it means to be queer. With an introduction by the nationally known satirist and activist Kate Clinton and published in the wake of the historic U.S. Supreme Court decision on same-sex marriage, "Pride and Joy" is an ode to this New York institution. Energetic, colorful, and irreverent, these images are a playful confirmation of equality. Incorporating portraits of marchers and bystanders and leading figures in the LGTBQ community, these photographs revel in the rich diversity of the parade. Exquisitely presented, the book includes interviews with members of the queer community about their relationship to the march, offering a startling variety of responses to this integral part of New York life. "Pride and Joy" is an inspiration not only to the queer community but to all those still fighting for their basic human rights.
Fertility rate decline in Japan from the perspective of gender inequality and social problems of modern Japanese family
The social contexts of schooling
The high ground
Racism and inequality : the policy alternatives
The ILO principle of equal pay and its implementation
Violence for equality : inquiries in political philosophy
A road unforeseen : women fight the Islamic State
Equal worth : the status of men and women in Sweden
Equality, trust, fairness, and cohesion
Equity, efficiency and social choice
Women, work and wages : equal pay for jobs of equal value
Spheres of justice : a defense of pluralism and equality
The nordic project for equal opportunities in teacher education (nord-lilia) : report of the finnish projects
Incomparable worth : pay equity meets the market
Feeling vs. being like a domestic goddess : cookbooks and lifestyle choices
Social science: a third level course : Patterns of inequality. Unit 12, Education & inequalities
21 speeches that shaped our world : the people and ideas that changed the way we think
Why women mean business
Equality, time and the possibility of politics
Executive summary.
Justice and equality
Martin's big words : the life of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr
Directory of projects ... : Medium-term Community Action Programme on Equal Opportunities for Women and Men
Navigating between ideas of democracy and gendered local practices in Vietnam : a Bakhtinian reading of development aid practice
Human rights : an introduction
Mind the gap : the new class divide in Britain
The right to learn
Two careers/one family : the promise of gender equality
EC sex equality law
Why men earn more : the startling truth behind the pay gap--and what women can do about it
Gender equality and welfare state models : outcomes perspective
Swedish women - Swedish men
Education and social class
Promotion of gender equality in Finland examined through equality promotion projects from the 1970s to the early 21st century
Approaches on gender equality in development cooperation : a comparison between the international, national and project levels
Quality and inequality of education : cross-national perspectives
I Heart Robot
From outreach to equity : innovative models of library policy and practice
Putting citizens first : democratic innovations in city governance
Equal opportunities for women and men
Globalization and identity : development and integration in a changing world
Arguing for equality
Boarding schools as means to educate children from remote districts in Finland  : a micro-historical study of the role of the student hall of residence in Sodankylä, 1943-1972
Inequality across societies : families, schools and persisting stratification
Towards equality in education : the fight against discrimination
Class, ideologies & educational futures
Women, players in regional development
Democratic rights in a development perpective
There are contrasting views on how gender equality affects fertility in contemporary European societies. This article discusses the Russian situation by asking how tensions in the contemporary gender system relate to reproductive decision-making and identity. How do gendered practices and identities influence womens intentions to have children? In depth interview data gathered during the last decade is used to analyze how the two main gender contracts of the professional women and the working mother relate to family planning, child birth, pregnancies, and mothering. Results indicate that while Russian women experience increasing pressure of the double burden and few signs of increasing gender equality in domestic life, the stable identity of Russian mothering contributes to the birth of at least one child. Childbearing does not depend directly on gender roles and division of labor in households. The decision to have a child and care for small children continues to be womens responsibility even as fertility patterns have modernized and gender equality in couple relations is slightly increasing. However, the type of gender contract influences the process of negotiation concerning reproductive matters and the timing of childbirth. .
Diversity management vs. gender equality : the Finnish case
Who takes the second chance? : implementing educational equality in adult basic education in a Swedish context
The joy of reading handbook : improving reading motivation and multiliteracy through collaboration between schools and libraries
Contract and equality
Inside we are all equal : a social policy survey of deaf people in the European Community
Adapting instruction to individual differences
Socioeconomic differences in a rural district in Vietnam : effects on health and use of health services
Equality and power in schools : redistribution, recognition and representation
Everyday sexism
The year of living Danishly : uncovering the secrets of the world's happiest country
Autism equality in the workplace : removing barriers and challenging discrimination
Proceedings of seminar : "A new social contract between women and men: the role of education"
Gender inclusive engineering education
Inequality and christian ethics
Undoing the demos : neoliberalism's stealth revolution
Gender and the European labour market
March. Book three
Gender, "race" and class in schooling : a new introduction
Intergroup and minority relations : an experiential handbook
Early Transition Trends and Differences of Higher Education Attainment in the Former Soviet Union, Central and Eastern European Countries
The UN Cedaw Convention : the third and fourth periodic report by Iceland, June 1998.
Poststructuralist theory and classroom practice
Backwards in high heels : the impossible art of being female
Summary (s. 3)
Women as headteachers : striking the balance
The ABC of gender equality in education : aptitude, behaviour, confidence
My school, our world : incredible and unusual schools around the world
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
Lean out : the struggle for gender equality in tech and start-up culture
Whatever happened to equal opportunities in schools? : gender equality initiatives in education
Opening up new opportunities in gender equality work
Is Coeducation An Untouchable Dogma? : Breaking Ground in the Introduction of Single-Sex Education
Education and training in Ethiopia : an evaluation of approaching EFA goals
Tackling inequalities : where are we now and what can be done?
Citizens and Others : gender, democracy and education
Problems of sociology in education
The principle of equal treatment in EC law
Living dolls : the return of sexism
Diversity management versus gender equality : the Finnish case
Distributive justice : a social-psychological perspective
The politics of gender pay equity : policy mechanisms, institutionalised undervaluation, and non-decision making
Emperor's daughter Mercedes is the first woman ever admitted to the High Ground, the elite training academy of the Solar League's Star Command, and she must graduate if she is to have any hope of taking the throne. Her classmate Tracy has more modest goals - to rise to the rank of captain, and win fame and honor. But a civil war is coming and the political machinations of those who yearn for power threatens the young cadets. In a time of intrigue and alien invasion, they will be tested as they never thought possible.
Building principles of equality in the Finnish temporary agency work sector  : How can the Finnish temporary agency work policies be developed to encourage fair and equal treatment of temporary agency employees?
Illusions of equality
Development and gender equality : consequences, causes, challenges and cures
Everfair is a wonderful Neo-Victorian alternate history novel that explores the question of what might have come of Belgium's disastrous colonization of the Congo if the native populations had learned about steam technology a bit earlier. Fabian Socialists from Great Britian join forces with African-American missionaries to purchase land from the Belgian Congo's owner, King Leopold II. This land, named Everfair, is set aside as a safe haven, an imaginary Utopia for native populations of the Congo as well as escaped slaves returning from America and other places where African natives were being mistreated. Nisi Shawl's speculative masterpiece manages to turn one of the worst human rights disasters on record into a marvelous and exciting exploration of the possibilities inherent in a turn of history. Everfair is told from a multiplicity of voices: Africans, Europeans, East Asians, and African Americans in complex relationships with one another, in a compelling range of voices that have historically been silenced. Everfair is not only a beautiful book but an educational and inspiring one that will give the reader new insight into an often ignored period of history.
Invitation to dialogue: beyond gender (in)equality
New Commuting Experience
Toward sexual equality in working life
Enacting equity in education : towards a comparison of equitable practices in different European local contexts
The promise in a kiss
Equality issues in primary schools
Wonder women : sex, power, and the quest for perfection
March. Book one
Assessing progress in Africa toward the millennium development goals : MDG report 2013 : food security in Africa : issues, challenges and lessons
Report from the Workshop about legislation and institutions
Quality and equality of access to healthcare services : HealthQUEST country report for Finland
No zoo : ethnic civility and its cultural regulation among the staff of a Finnish high-tech company
Inequality : What everyone needs to know
