http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23962 organic substances
organic substances
Organic matter, mineral and nitrogen losses from fresh grass silage during ensiling
Biogeochemistry of wetlands : science and applications
Interactions of soil minerals with natural organics and microbes
Detection of harmful microbes and their metabolites with novel methods in the agri-food production chain
Contribution of organic acids to the acidity of Finnish lakes
Climate change scenarios predict that seawater temperature and precipitation will increase in the Baltic Sea region during the next century. In the northern part of the Baltic Sea, increasing inflows of the terrestrial allochthonous dissolved organic matter (ADOM) are expected to be a major consequence of elevated rainfall, which can alter light and nutrient availability for phytoplankton. The aim of my thesis was to elucidate effects of ADOM on phytoplankton production, community, size-structure and nutritional strategy along offshore south-north gradients in the Baltic Sea, as well as in estuarine systems exposed to seasonal variation in river discharge. Field studies, a mesocosm experiment and a modeling study were used to explore these issues.Results from the field studies and mesocosm experiment illustrated that the nutritional strategy, size-structure and cellular pigment content of the phytoplankton were governed by changes in ADOM, and thus in light and nutrient availability. A summer study along an offshore south-north gradient showed that the proportion of mixotrophic phytoplankton increased towards the north. In this area the concentrations humic substances (proxy for ADOM) were high, while the light availability and phosphorus concentrations were relatively low. The phytoplankton cells responded to reduced light availability by increasing their chlorophyll a: carbon ratio. Additionally, the levels of photoprotective pigments decreased from south to north, as a result of acclimation to a low-light environment and reduced exposure to ultraviolet radiation. According to ecological assumptions picophytoplankton should be favored in light- and nutrient-limited environments.However, the results did not follow that pattern, the proportion of picophytoplankton being highest in the relatively nutrient rich Baltic Proper. The study was performed during the decline of an extensive bloom of filamentous cyanobacteria, a successional phase in which picophytoplankton often dominate the phytoplankton community. The estuarine studies performed in the Bothnian Bay (Råne estuary) and in the Bothnian Sea (Öre estuary) showed different successions. In the Råne estuary no spring phytoplankton bloom occurred and highest primary production was observed during the summer. This absence of a spring bloom was explained by low phosphorus and high ADOM concentrations, while the summer maximum could be explained by higher temperature and nutrient concentrations. In the Öre estuary a marked phytoplankton spring bloom was observed as well as an ADOM sustained bacterial production phase.The later secondary peak of bacterial production observed in summer, concomitant with an extended secondary primary production peak, suggests that autochthonous dissolved organic matter supported the bacterial growth Furthermore, the photosynthetic efficiency (i.e. phytoplankton growth rates) was lower during spring, indicating that high ADOM, and thus lower light and phosphorus availability, disfavored phytoplankton growth. Our modeling study showed that climate change can impact the food web; however effects will be different between basins. In the southern Baltic Sea elevated temperature and nutrient discharge may promote nutrient recycling and oxygen consumption, potentially extending anoxic areas, sediment nutrient release and cyanobacteria blooms. In the north, increased inflow of ADOM may promote heterotrophic bacterial production and decrease primary production due to light attenuation and lower phosphorus availability.This will favor the heterotrophic microbial food web and consequently lead to lower food web efficiency of the ecosystem.
Principles of molecular photochemistry : an introduction
Applicability of comprehensive two-dimensional gas chromatography : time-of-flight mass spectrometry to environmental non-target screening : special emphasis on wastewater
Biodegradation and treatment of organic environmental contaminants by fluidized-bed enrichment cultures
Handbook of fruit and vegetable flavors
Organic spectroscopic analysis
Biomonitoring of trace aquatic contaminants
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
Carbon fractions and stocks in organic layers in boreal forest soils : impacts of climatic and nutritional conditions
Chemical risk analysis
Anaerobic digestion of solid poultry slaughterhouse by-products and wastes
Biodegradation studies of recycled vegetable oils, surface-active agents, and condensing wastewaters
Light-induced degradation of dissolved organic matter in water
The dirty dozen : toxic chemicals and the earth's future
Beaver in the drainage basin: an ecosystem engineer restores wetlands in the boreal landscape
Organic chemicals : used as model substances within the progamme Biological variables in environmental hazard assessment
Novel analytical methods for the identification of emerging contaminants in aquatic environments
Aquatic humic substances : ecology and biogeochemistry
Metabolism, pharmacokinetics and toxicity of functional groups : impact of the building blocks of medicinal chemistry in ADMET
Bulk density of forested mineral soils
Organochlorines in marine sediments mobility and bioavailability
Chemistry of pesticides
Forest nursery waste composting in windrows with or without horse manure or urea : the composting process and nutrient leaching
"Hybrid nanomaterials are unique conjugates of organic/inorganic structures. Hybrid Nanomaterials: Synthesis, Characterization, and Applications presents the basic principles underlying the synthesis and fabrication of nanohybrids, their benefits, self-assembly and fabrication, and applications. This book discusses the most recent developments pertaining to the synthesis, characterizations, and applications of hybrid nanomaterials in a format that various disciplines can understand and use. Written by experts in this field, the text provides a fundamental insight into tricks, tools, and challenges associated with these technique or technology for engineers and scientists".
Inorganic materials chemistry desk reference : D. Sangeeta and John R. LaGraff
Effect of heat and water on the ultrastructure of wood cellulose
A comprehensive guide to the hazardous properties of chemical substances
Chemistry in context
Isolation, fractionation and characterization of aquatic humic substances : does a distinct humic molecule exist?
Organic chemical compounds in toys on the Nordic market : chemical analyses of toys
Working fluid selection and design of small-scale waste heat recovery systems based on organic Rankine cycles
Nanofabrication and adsorption studies of organic molecules on metal and metal alloy surfaces as templates for biofunctional applications
Hybrid nanomaterials : synthesis, characterization, and applications
Summary: Acrylonitrile storage tank exploding and catching fire at Kaipiainen, Anjalankoski, Finland, on 13 September 2002.
Handbook of environmental data on organic chemicals. Vol. 2, [G-Z; Indexes]
Biophysico-chemical processes involving natural nonliving organic matter in environmental systems
Influence of moisture and substrate on the emission of volatile organic compounds from wall structures
Dynamics of dissolved organic matter and its bioavailability to heterotrophic bacteria in the Gulf of Finland, Northern Baltic Sea
Environmental impact of soil component interactions. Vol. 2, Metals, other inorganics, and microbial activities
Soil and water contamination : from molecular to catchment scale
Organic mass spectrometry in art and archaeology
Correlation between radiation and uranium content in organic spring and stream sediments
Linking water and carbon cycles : modeling latent heat exchange and dissolved organic carbon
"Written primarily as a textbook for upper-level undergraduate and beginning graduate students, this book provides fundamental knowledge concerning the biological and health effects of pollutants on living systems. Also able to serve as a reference for professionals, the book stresses the chemical and biological characteristics of major pollutants found in the air, water, and soil, and their impacts on the health and wellbeing of humans, animals, and plants. This new edition is greatly expanded and updated, includes a color insert, and contains a new chapter on Occupational Toxicology"--Provided by publisher.
A comparison of nitrogen and carbon reserves in acid sulphate and non acid sulphate soils in western Finland
Does dissolved organic matter matter? : implications for bioavailability of organic chemicals
Synthesis of single and mixed metal oxides for VOCs oxidation
Environmental applications of manometric respirometric methods
Fast-ion-induced sputtering and modification of molecular solids
Temperature sensitivity of soil organic matter decomposition in boreal soils
Nutrients and Organic Matter in Wastewater
Industrial inorganic pigments
Temporal perspective of humification of organic matter
Organophosphorus pesticides : organic and biological chemistry
Soil organic matter : biological and ecological effects
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
Carbon fractions and stocks in organic layers in boreal forest soils&#8212;impacts of climatic and nutritional conditions
Bioavailability aspects of hydrophobic contaminant degradation in soils = Rainer Peltola
Adsorption and photocatalysis in water treatment:active, abundant and inexpensive materials and methods
Microbial transformation and degradation of toxic organic chemicals
Microwave assisted vapor-phase digestion of organic samples
Identification of processes leading to long-term wastewater purification in northern treatment wetlands
Occurrence and fate of organic contaminants in wastes
Biophysico-chemical processes of anthropogenic organic compounds in environmental systems
A stable isotope study of the hydrological and carbon cycle in meromictic lake, Lovojärvi
Phytoplankton drivers in a marine system influenced by allochthonous organic matter : the Baltic Sea
Effects of organic material on the bioavailability, toxicokinetics and toxicity of xenobiotics in freshwater organisms
Environmental toxicology : biological and health effects of pollutants
Fate and transport of organic chemicals in the environment : a practical guide
Biorefinery : from biomass to chemicals and fuels
Chemistry in context : laboratory manual
Inventory of volatile organic compound emissions in Finland, 1985
Methods for environmental trace analysis
Atmospheric transport and deposition of persistent organic pollutants at the Swedish west coast and in Northern Fennoscandia
The optical properties of organic compounds
Microbial ecology in atrazine and terbutryn dissipation in surface soils and subsurface sediments
Does dissolved organic matter matter? : Implications for bioavailability of organic chemicals
Pokka: gamma radiation and uranium in organic stream sediments
Effects of organic contaminants in sewage sludge on soil fertility, plants and animals : proceedings of a seminar held at Braunschweig (D) on 6-8 June 1990
Reduction of volatile organic compound emissions from industrial coating and impregnation of wooden surfaces
Chemistry in context : applying chemistry to society
Organic pollutants : an ecotoxicological perspective
Organic synthesis on solid phase : supports, linkers, reactions
Dietary preferences of weaned piglets offered diets containing organic acids
Preliminary estimate of long-term carbon accumulation and loss in 25 boreal peatlands
