http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23924 cruise ships
cruise ships
Bigger ships, more innovations
Baltic Sea sewage port reception facilities : HELCOM Overview 2014
Celebrity Reflection : last and most unusual of the class
The contemporary cruise : style discovery adventure
Will MSC be in a class of its own?
Designs 07 : ferry, cruise & ro-ro newbuilding yearbook
A new Carnival in the Breeze
Significant ships of 2011
Day four
Seaking delivers 25 years of galley experience
Designs 08 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered july 1, 2007 - june 30, 2008.
People flow key to KONE lift design
Luxury cruise ships for P & O
Building blocks on the sea : simulating the realisation of the M2Cell system in contemporary context of cruise industry
Scotsman : the super cool ice-maker
Distress signals
Carnival Sunshine : CCL's latest ship conversion
Homeland cruising : take two
Cables for cruise ships : Helcama Bica increases production
On the top of the world
Salt-water palaces
Konnichiwa, Sun Princess
Shippax designs 16 : presentation of most new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2015 - June 30, 2016 : theme: AIDAprima
Aker - a master of ship-building from missile boats to giant cruise liners : each project has its own character
A compact Dual Water hybrid scrubber is an optimized solution for removing sulphur emissions from ship's exhaust gases, which is dimensioned according to installation specific features along with more operational environment related design parameters. Ongoing Dual Water hybrid scrubber projects are focusing on Cruise ship segment and the studied and designed solutions are highly customer tailored and customer specific. The objective of this study was to analyze design parameters, their influence to dimensioning and their functionality to the scrubber dimensioning and efficiency. Furthermore, the aim was to generate design parameter values for merchant fleet, possibly enabling more efficient design for a Hybrid scrubber with standardized design setpoint. Design parameters have a great effect on scrubber unit's size and the total system's efficiency. Open loop stage is the most energy consuming as large sea water volumes are pumped high up to the scrubber unit.Therefore, when optimizing the sea water flow the most efficient system operation could be achieved. The material for this thesis work has been obtained by an extensive literature research. The focus has been on merchant fleet but the results are also valid for other ship types. The results have been tested in a case study by the process simulation calculations from real ship projects with Wärtsilä's 2-stroke engines. The variation in values of the design parameters, such as in heavy fuel oil quality, in fuel oil consumption, in exhaust gas flow, in sea water temperature and alkalinity questions the possibility to standardize the design setpoint and the performance of the Dual Water hybrid scrubbers. However, with optimized design parameters for Open loop scrubbing, the needed sulphur content reductions could be achieved with the sea water flow of 30 l/kWh, which is 15 l/kWh less than the quantity used at present with the Dual Water hybrid scrubbers and the Open loop scrubbers.In order to achieve a more economical scrubber operation, the sea water pumping should be executed so that the pumping capacities follow the scrubber load.
Application of Lean management for ship's pool construction
Installation of closed loop fresh water wet scrubber system on M/S Gabriella
HLC:s new 'space ship' Europa 2.
Cruise ships for Norwegian Cruise Line
Cruise and ferry passenger shipping on the Baltic Sea : mass tourism and/or product differentiation? Baltic maritime symposium 09 18/19 May 2009. Rostock, Germany
The splendid Viking Grace
Designs 98 : the annual ship presentation
Cruising in style
The first-time cruise guide
Cruise ship refurbishments
Comparison of house lighting dimming systems
The goal of this thesis is to study and find a way to apply Lean-thinking to ship's outdoor pool area construction. The thesis is done for KAEFER OY, who is responsible for turn-key-delivery of outdoor pool areas in TUI's Mein Schiff 5 cruise ship. The first part of the thesis consists of the idea in Lean thinking, its history and its terms. This part is dealt with in isolation with no connection to shipbuilding. This was decided for the reason that when Lean is studied without thinking about the actual target, may the way of thinking expand away from so called familiar work methods and new ideas can be developed. The second part is about current work methods in Meyer Turku shipyard. It states the current work methods and things that are part of successful results in present day. The third part of this thesis is about the results of this work. It goes through certain things in current work methods where Lean can be applied. With those applications the work can become more productive and meaningful.
Designing liners : a history of interior design afloat
Splendour of the Seas reborn for Brazil
The technical features of MSC Fantasia
A design guideline for a cruise ship air conditioning system
Carnival puts the "fun" in F&B
Cruising & cruise ships. 2014
Antti Pankakoski, CEO of Silja Line, delihted at new owner : "this is a perfect match"
Spanish market could still surprise
"Designing Liners: A History of Interior Design Afloat covers the interior design of these floating palaces from the mid-nineteenth century to the present day. The book offers the first history and analysis of this highly significant aspect of the design of interiors, which mirrors and reinforces cultural assumptions about national identity, gender, class and race. The interiors of ocean liners reflect the changing hierarchies of society and shifting patterns in globalization. The trajectory of the professionalization of interior design is the connecting narrative of the book, from the local decorating firm to the internationally renowned architect." "This book provides the first survey of the transient history of interior design in relation to the development of passenger shipping. The history of these great ship interiors is tracked, from their commissioning by the line owners; the materials, methods and sources for the initial creation; their construction; their use and reception. Drawing on a broad range of original research, Anne Wealleans' approach combines design history, architectural history, and material and visual culture."--BOOK JACKET.
Revitalisation of Enchantment leads to Vision Plus ship
Europe grows fast : thanks to new ships
Complete guide to cruising & cruise ships 2010
Cruising & cruise ships 2016
Explorer sinking puts spotlight on Antarctic tourism
Complete guide to cruising & cruise ships 2013
Radiance class ships for RCCL
Ferry cruising, Russian style
Stories from the front lines of war
Order of Genesis overshadows a rather good year of newbuilding orders
The purpose of this thesis was to research the differences in house lighting dimming systems in cruise ships between Meyer Papenburg and Meyer Turku. The objective was to bring forward the different working methods in different phases of the project, and to find the most suitable neutral working methods to develop and harmonize dimming systems in both shipyards in the future. The objective was also to investigate differences in technical documents and their possible harmonization in the future common projects. The current matter was investigated due to the harmonization of shipyards. The research was carried out for impartiality in both shipyards in the form of interviews, questionnaires and discussions about the topic. Similar researches about the topic have not been carried out before. Knowledge about the topic was enquired from the professionals that have been working in the field for a long time, drawings were compared and physically implemented solutions on board were studied. As a result, alternative working and designing methods were discovered regarding the development of the dimming systems. The best methods are considered to be taken into action in the future. The research made it possible for the lighting specialists at both shipyards to familiarize themselves with the sister shipyard's working methods and documentation. In addition, the harmonization of lighting departments was started.
Silversea's technically advanced luxury ship
Designs 10 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered july 1, 2009 - june 30, 2010.
'Infotainment' comes to cruise ships
New ships : larger or smaller
Significant ships of 2014
Designs 04 : ferry, cruise & ro-ro newbuilding yearbook
What's next for prestige?
This Bachelor's thesis was made in cooperation with Wärtsilä Finland Oy and Viking Line Abp. The thesis studies the installation of exhaust gas treatment technology to the M/S Gabriella and challenges brought by it. The thesis also reviews sulfur emission limits set by International Maritime Organization (IMO) for ships that operate inside SECA areas and ways to achieve these limits with exhaust gas treatment technology. Limitations come into force in January 2015. Wärtsilä Finland has developed equipment for exhaust gas treatment that meets the emission limits set by IMO and made an offer for Viking Line of delivering such equipment to M/S Gabriella, which started operating in 1991. Under closer review is the ship itself, its equipment, and changes to be made onboard, Wärtsilä's scrubber appliances, appliance placement and benefits achieved by installation.The main focus is on closed loop fresh water scrubber but also open loop sea water is reviewed and a comparison is made between these two. The thesis attempts to point out the importance of weight management in retrofit projects and search for solutions to this project, which will decrease mass onboard. Although installation is quite challenging, it should be technically possible to execute. The profit achieved in terms of money is relatively significant. Installation of scrubber makes the usage of high sulfur content fuel oil possible, which is remarkably cheaper than low sulfur marine gas oil. All in all the thesis will recommend that installation of such equipment should be made before it is too late. Savings made with the installation annually, even with such aged ship, are enormous when the fuel oil type is changed. All the appliances can be fitted inside the ship reasonably.It is found that there are no problems with the stability and the weight reduction solutions are successful. Changes to the existing structures are relatively minor, where the lengthening of existing funnel can be mentioned as one of the biggest.
Viking Grace : the new-generation cruise ferry
Designs 99 : the annual ship presentation
Improving cruise ship crew cabin design
Noordam : evolutionary not revolutionary
Second hand market : an exciting and active year
Color Magic : repeating success
New style, new concept on Costa neoRomantica
All Leisure Group seeks acquisitions and organic growth
Designs 00 : the annual ship presentation
The last girls : a novel
Designs 05 : ferry, cruise & ro-ro newbuilding yearbook
Lost on board : enhancing user experience on cruise ships through wayfinding improvements
Dreamboats for Star Cruises
Celebrity Solstice
Oriana adults : only after refit
The modern cruise vessel was born in Finland
Significant ships of 2013
Complete guide to cruising & cruise ships 2011
Newbuildings busy year with continued focus on big ships
Designs 06 : ferry, cruise & ro-ro newbuilding yearbook
Queen Elizabeth redefines Cunard again
Stavangerfjord : another new LNG-fuelled cruise ferry
Holistic Evaluation of Cruise Vessel Advanced Wastewater Purification Process through Mass Balance
North American brands increaingly looking for Europe
Northern Baltic mini cruise
Brazil set to become the new cruise hot-spot
The world encyclopedia of battleships & cruisers : a complete illustrated history of international naval warships from 1860 to the present day, shown in over 1200 archive photographs includes comprehensive chronological directories of battleships and cruisers, featuring over 400 warships and their specifications
Viking Grace's designer spaces
Fodor's the complete guide to Alaska cruises
Baltic tackles growth issues
Designs 01 : ferry, cruise & ro-ro newbuilding yearbook
Mixed signs in Asian cruise market
Newbuilding orders reach healthy level again
What makes a passenger ship a legend : the future of the concept of legend in the passenger shipping industry
Estonian craftsmanship to the forefront
Norwegians know how to build cruise ships
Costa Concordia vs Crown Princess
Proteus : a cruise design tool for the future
Designs 12 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2011 - June 30, 2012.
Cruise ships
Ten out of ten foe Aida
Newbuilding deliveries 2005 : Carnival Corporation and NCL only ones to introduce new ships
Birka Paradise offers child-friendly cruising
Celebrity's Solstice class
Miami on the move
The purpose of this graduation thesis was to study the operational principles of a ship air conditioning system, as well as the rules and related requirements. In addition, the system design related dimensioning calculations and principles were considered. This graduation thesis was commissioned by Foreship Ltd and will become a standard design guideline for the HVAC department. Furthermore, it will also be applied to other air conditioning related projects as well as being educational material for new employees. The air conditioning design of a new building cruise ship is divided into several phases. At the very beginning of the project, the air conditioning supplier prepares the DI & I drawings for the classification approvals. The second step is the basic design phase when the single line diagrams are prepared by the air conditioning supplier. The third and final design a phase is detail design when all earlier phase information is collected into the very detailed installation drawings and prefabrication drawings This graduation thesis focuses on the DI & I and basic design. The air conditioning system of a cruise ship operates in very challenging climates due to the high temperature and high humidity in the outdoor areas.The graduation thesis presents the air treatment process starting from air intakes through the air handling unit into the served space. The graduation thesis is also a starting point for a standardization project of Foreship Ltd HVAC department. The future target is to produce similar guidelines for the accommodation piping related systems as well.
A cruise ship primer : history & operations
Titanic : collector's box : 100th anniversary 1912-2012
Security, it support and FM systems on the luxury ocean liner Queen Victoria
Silja Line gives a new look to its flagships
Car and passenger ferries
Euro-Atlantic ports get organized
Traveler's guide to the ocean ferryliners of Europe : the Northern seas
Designs 97 : the annual passenger ship presentation
Living in a motion : user-centered concepting in public spaces of the cruise ship concept
Richmond International sets sail with P&O
Designs 02 : ferry, cruise & ro-ro newbuilding yearbook
Designs 09 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered july 1, 2008 - june 30, 2009.
Shippax designs 14 : presentation of most new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2013 - June 30, 2014 : theme: ro-ro and ro-pax ships from Flensburger Shipbuilders
The purpose and use of passenger ships in 2058 : future scenarios generated by the Delphi method
The significance of duty-free sales on board ferries to the transnational transport system in the Baltic Sea Region
Cruise vessels for Celebrity
Significant ships of 2010
Cruise shipbuilding in China : sooner or later?
Development of large cruise ships : Cruiser 2008.
Oceania's focus on food
Royal Princess : Fincantieri delivers its biggest ship yet
Designs 11 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2010 - June 30, 2011.
Cruise Britannia : the story of the British cruise ship
MSC Divina brings more capacity and advanced technology
The times, they are changing
Hibox sets the pace in IPTV
Growth in volume at expense of ticket prices
Åland archipelago inspires Korpi & Gordon design
Caribbean bound
Deteriorating customer service
Efficient dual water hybrid scrubber design parameters : for merchant ships
Näkökulmia risteilymatkustuksen historiaan = Perspektiv på kryssningsturismens historia = Perspectives on the history of cruise travel
Ocean ships
Dining concept refined on Mein Schiff 3.
Color SuperSpeed
Designs 03 : ferry, cruise & ro-ro newbuilding yearbook
Some notable transactions, but the big picture remains unchanged
Norway sees cruise growth but with challenges ahead
Shippax designs 15 : presentation of most new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2014 - June 30, 2015 : theme: Fior di Levante, Loire Princesse, Quantum of the Seas, Viking Star
Bollywood cruising
Ferry investment needed, but caution guides decisions
Tillberg Design : a new generation
Homeland Caribbean
Designs 96 : the annual passenger ship presentation
Marina designed for the highest comfort
Not just another Fantasia
Trimline moving closer to the customer
