http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23909 event tourism
event tourism
Sports and city marketing in European cities
Event management : for tourism, cultural, business, and sporting events
Cultural tourism
Students will learn how to design, plan, market and stage an event. They will also learn how to manage staff and staffing problems, and how to ensure the safety of everyone involved. Covers important information about legal compliance, risk management, financial control, and how to evaluate the success of an event.
Impact of the Olympic Games upon the Touristic Sector of a Region
How to Establish a Programme Service Company
Traveling for Football Events : Supporters' Motivators and Restrictions
Key concepts in tourist studies
Proceedings of the ATLAS conference Viana do Castelo, Portugal, 2007 : destination revisited. Part 3, Cultures and cities
Come closer : how tourism is shaping the future of nations
Events management : for tourism, cultural, business and sporting events
Event management  : for tourism, cultural, business and sporting events
Abstract.
Arctic Design Week as an attractive tourism product
Conferences and conventions : a global industry
Sporting events and event tourism : impacts, plans and opportunities
Hallmark tourist events : impacts, management and planning
The guide to successful destination management
Event tourism : critical concepts in tourism. Vol. 2, Effects, role and significance
Commemorative events : memory, identities, conflict
Impacts of cultural events on tourism in Finland
Special events : best practices in modern event management
Urban tourism in Istanbul : urban regeneration, mega-events and city marketing and branding
Tourism. 3, student's book
The impact of mega events
Festival and special event management
Basic strategy in corporate event management : guide for Nigerian event firms
Developing best practices in event management
Providing a comprehensive, in-depth analysis of the international conference industry, “Conferences and Conventions: A Global Industry Second Edition” examines the industry's origins, structure, economics, career opportunities, and future development. It also explains its links with the wider tourism industry. Now in its second edition, it is packed with a wealth of new international case studies covering the city of Melbourne, Queen Elizabeth II conference centre, London, Abu Dhabi, MCI Group, the Scottish Exhibition and Conference Centre, Glasgow and team San Jose, California. It also has new sections on: market segmentation and web marketing; conference and event budgeting; technology and communications, from video conferencing to web casting and pod casting; and corporate social responsibility and sustainable and green events. "Conferences and Conventions: A Global Industry" is illustrated with case studies and examples from around the world, including Great Britain, Canada, Australasia, Dubai, Greece, Thailand, South Africa, USA, Austria and many other destinations. It also provides challenging and reflective questions at the end of each chapter so that readers can test their knowledge and think about the issues raised, accompanied by practical assignments. Tony Rogers is Executive Director of the British Association of Conference Destinations and Association of British Professional Conference Organisers, UK. This second edition, now in full colour, is packed with new case studies from Cyprus, India, Australia and Abu Dhabi (amongst others), as well as new material including web marketing, procurement and ROI and corporate social responsibility. It is endorsed by the British Associations of Conferences Destinations and Association of British Professional Conference Organizers. It provides user-friendly, accessible approach that actively helps the reader to absorb and understand information.
Event audiences and expectations
Meetings, expositions, events, and conventions : an introduction to the industry
Event tourism : concepts, international case studies, and research
The impacts of event tourism on host communities : case: the City of Pietarsaari
Re-creating the global city : tourism, leisure and mega-events in the transformation of 21st century cities
Event management in leisure and tourism
The Wiley Blackwell companion to tourism
Traveller and fan identities of the Finnish football fans
Development plan for the Ruka Disc Golf Park
"'Since the 1990s, tourism has become a major driver of economic activity and community development in Brazil. New policies and approaches, growing expertise and investment in tourism have brought significant transformation in tourism products, destination development and community involvement. In addition Brazil will be hosting two major sport events in the years ahead, i.e. the Soccer World Cup, in 2014, and the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, in 2016. Brazil offers many cultural and natural attractions but, similar to many other developing countries, it still struggles with issues such as infrastructure, accessibility, product development, service quality, market access and workforce training. This book provides an in-depth examination of tourism in Brazil, critically reviewing its development and management. The social, economic, political and environmental contexts of this emerging global power provide an intriguing backdrop. The book considers important development issues such as the changing policy context, community benefit tourism and indigenous tourism. It explores the impacts of tourism on the environment, changing community attitudes towards tourism, transport infrastructure and sustainability issues in events. Particular segments are explored including backpacker tourism, sensual tourism, adventure tourism and ecotourism and the implications for tourism research and education are examined. The book draws from theoretical foundations and practical insights, and gives voice to Brazilian researchers who are actively engaged in researching tourism. Drawing from cutting edge cross-cultural research, this original and timely book will be of interest to students, researchers and academics in the areas of Tourism, Geography and related disciplines.'"--
Developing a Sport Event : Case: Sport U20 Ice Hockey Team
Festival and events management : an international arts and culture perspective
Event tourism : critical concepts in tourism. Vol. 1, The evolution of event tourism : concepts and approaches
The business of tourism
Event tourism : critical concepts in tourism. Vol. 4, Managing event operations
How to market tourist attractions, festivals and special events : a practical guide to maximising visitor attendance and income
Facilities management and development for tourism, hospitality and events
Sport tourism : concepts and theories
Cram 101 textbook outlines to accompany entertainment marketing & communication : selling branded performance, people, and places
Sport, recreation and tourism event management : theoretical and practical dimensions
Event tourism : critical concepts in tourism. Vol. 3, Event tourism and destinations : case studies and best practice
Evaluation of events : Scandinavian experiences
Festivals and tourism : marketing, management and evaluation
The business of event planning : behind-the-scenes secrets of successful special events
Case studies in festival and event marketing and cultural tourism
Evaluating the tourism impacts of hallmark events
Events management : an integrated and practical approach
Tourism governance : critical perspectives on governance and sustainability
Tourism in national capitals and global change
The Meeting professional
Festival and event management in Nordic countries
Event volunteering : international perspectives on the event volunteering experience
Tourism is the fourth biggest industry in the world. This book for students of tourism contains concise and authoritative entries on planning tourism, sustainable tourism, festivals and events and much more. It offers the basic materials, tools and guidance for making sense of tourism and gaining the best results in essays and exams.
Eventful cities : cultural management and urban revitalisation
The long tail of tourism : holiday niches and their impact on mainstream tourism
Tourism : Volume 6, new conceptualisations and approaches
FUNCTIONAL ANALYSIS OF THE OGUN FESTIVAL IN ONDO, NIGERIA
International sport events : impacts, experience and identities
Special events : twenty-first century global event management
A Study on Event Management : Case: Tomatkarnevalen
Tourism in Brazil : environment, management and segments
Religious tourism and pilgrimage festivals management : an international perspective
Events and urban regeneration / the strategic use of events to revitalise cities
Event tourism : definition, evolution, and research
Organizer's decision-making process during sport event tourism management in Finland : a case study of Finlandia Marathon 2007 in Jyväskylä
THE IMPACTS OF EVENT TOURISM ON HOST COMMUNITIES   : Case: the City of Pietarsaari
Functional analysis of the Ogun festival in Ondo, Nigeria
"Volunteers make important contributions across the spectrum of event settings, most visibly at high profile mega events such as the Olympic Games where volunteers are lauded as 'Games makers', 'unsung heroes' and the like. Less visibly volunteers are the heart and soul of community events and festivals, often undertaking multi - faceted roles from event leadership through to operations, ensuring that these celebrations are made possible in the absence of big budgets and professional event staff. This book is the first to showcase and advance international research into the volunteering experience at events, drawing on the work of key scholars in this field. Events of all sizes benefit from volunteer support but event volunteering research is frequently case study-based and individually these cases make a limited impact. This text brings together cases from around the world, specifically including those that expand theoretical and methodological boundaries. It features mega events like the 2012 Olympics and the 2011 Rugby World Cup, alongside music festivals and sports events. New areas that are examined include the benefits of event volunteering for students, the role of volunteers in social enterprise events and new methodological approaches to researching this phenomenon, specifically ethnographic and cross-national studies. This innovative book acts as a global source of key information for practitioners and researchers, an important text for students of event management and will provide stimulus for further work in this emerging area"--
Progressing tourism research
HOSTING A MEMORABLE EVENT : Case: Food Festival in Ostrobothnia
Operational challenges in managing multicultural events; Finnish perspectives for potential companies
Coming events and information on travel in Finland
Malta : a business travel destination for the Finnish market
Sports event impact research process : best practices and challenges according to experienced researchers
East African Tourism Opportunities for the Finnish Market: Development of Joint Marketing Strategy for the Nordic Travel Fair 2013.
CELEBRATING THE PAST : Marketing and Development Plan for Rosenlund
Exploring community festivals and events
Research themes for events
Successful event management : a practical handbook
Event tourism and cultural tourism : issues and debates
