http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23940 relativism
relativism
Relativism and cognitivism. B, Ultimate relativism
Social constructionism
Conceptual schemes, relativity and the world : an examination of realism and relativism in the philosophy of W. V. Quine, Donald Davidson and Hilary Putman
Relativism and religion : why democratic societies do not need moral absolutes
Reconsidering relativism and intentionalism in interpretation : Donald Davidson, hermeneutics, and pragmatism
Reason and relativism : a Sartrean investigation
Perspectival thought : a plea for moderate relativism
"A Companion to Relativism presents original contributions from leading scholars that address the latest thinking on the role of relativism in the philosophy of language, epistemology, ethics, philosophy of science, logic, and metaphysics. Features original contributions from many of the leading figures working on various aspects of relativism Presents a substantial, broad range of current thinking about relativism Addresses relativism from many of the major subfields of philosophy, including philosophy of language, epistemology, ethics, philosophy of science, logic, and metaphysics"--
The challenge of relativism : its nature and limits
A world without values : essays on John Mackie's moral error theory
The word and the world : theology after the sociology of knowledge
Relativism and monadic truth
Science and relativism : some key controversies in the philosophy of science
Social constructionist psychology : a critical analysis of theory and practice
Anthropological linguistics : an introduction
Strong evaluation without sources : on Charles Taylor's philosophical anthropology and cultural moral realism
Foundations for moral relativism
Changing research communities : essays on objectivity and relativism in contemporary cultural research
The idea that respect for cultural diversity conflicts with gender equality is now a staple of both public and academic debate. Yet discussion of these tensions is marred by exaggerated talk of cultural difference, leading to ethnic reductionism, cultural stereotyping, and a hierarchy of traditional and modern. In this volume, Anne Phillips firmly rejects the notion that 'culture' might justify the oppression of women, but also queries the stereotypical binaries that have represented people from ethnocultural minorities as peculiarly resistant to gender equality. The questions addressed include the relationship between universalism and cultural relativism, how to distinguish valid generalisation from either gender or cultural essentialism, and how to recognise women as agents rather than captives of culture. The discussions are illuminated by reference to legal cases and policy interventions, with a particular focus on forced marriage and cultural defence.
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
Kuhn : philosopher of scientific revolutions
"I am because you are" : relationality in the works of Siri Hustvedt
Persistence and spacetime
Controversy in marketing theory : for reason, realism, truth, and objectivity
Relationalism about space is a venerable doctrine that is enjoying renewed attention among philosophers and physicists. Relationalists deny that space is ontologically prior to matter and seek to ground all claims about the structure of space in facts about actual and possible configurations of matter. Thus, many relationalists maintain that to say that space is infinite is to say that certain sorts of infinite arrays of material points are possible (even if, in fact, the world contains only a finite amount of matter). Gordon Belot investigates the distinctive notion of geometric possibility that relationalists rely upon. He examines the prospects for adapting to the geometric case the standard philosophical accounts of the related notion of physical possibility, with particular emphasis on Humean, primitivist, and necessitarian accounts of physical and geometric possibility. This contribution to the debate concerning the nature of space will be of interest not only to philosophers and metaphysicians concerned with space and time, but also to those interested in laws of nature, modal notions, or more general issues in ontology.
The culture struggle
Against relativism : a philosophical defense of method
Relativism and the foundations of liberalism
Philosophy is traditionally understood as the search for universal truths, and philosophers are supposed to transmit those truths beyond the limits of their own culture. But, today, we have become skeptical about the ability of an individual philosopher to engage in "universal thinking," so philosophy seems to capitulate in the face of cultural relativism. In Introduction to Antiphilosophy, Boris Groys argues that modern "antiphilosophy" does not pursue the universality of thought as its goal but proposes in its place the universality of life, material forces, social practices, passions, and experiences --angst, vitality, ecstasy, the gift, revolution, laughter or "profane illumination" --and he analyzes this shift from thought to life and action in the work of thinkers from Kierkegaard to Derrida, from Nietzsche to Benjamin. Ranging across the history of modern thought, Introduction to Antiphilosophy endeavors to liberate philosophy from the stereotypes that hinder its development. --Publisher.
Skepticism and the basis of morality
Contemporary critiques of religion
Ethical naturalism : current debates
Relativism and cognitivism. A, Representation and reality
Introduction to antiphilosophy
Challenges in human rights : a social work perspective
Manifesto of a passionate moderate : unfashionable essays
Rationalities in history : a Weberian essay in comparison
The nature and future of philosophy
Against exoticism : toward the transcendence of relativism and universalism in anthropology
Assessment sensitivity : relative truth and its applications
Interpretation radical but not unruly : the new puzzle of the arts and history
Martin Buber's I and thou : practicing living dialogue
"Ethical naturalism is narrowly construed as the doctrine that there are moral properties and facts, at least some of which are natural properties and facts. Perhaps owing to its having faced, early on, intuitively forceful objections by eliminativists and non-naturalists, ethical naturalism has only recently become a central player in the debates about the status of moral properties and facts which have occupied philosophers over the last century. It has now become a driving force in those debates, one with sufficient resources to challenge not only eliminativism, especially in its various non-cognitivist forms, but also the most sophisticated versions of non-naturalism. This volume brings together twelve new essays which make it clear that, in light of recent developments in analytic philosophy and the social sciences, there are novel grounds for reassessing the doctrines at stake in these debates".
Varieties of relativism
The metaphysics of relations
Philosophy and psychoanalytic theory : collected essays
Truth : interdisciplinary dialogues in a pluralistic age
Moral absolutes : tradition, revision, and truth
Relativism and human rights : a theory of pluralistic universalism
Occasional Paper No. 44 of the Royal Anthropological Institute Published in association with the Anglo-Finnish Society Westermarck was a remarkable man, but one who has received little credit for the significant part he played in the creation of modern anthropology. He spanned two worlds: the comparative anthropological endeavours of the nineteenth century, and the establishment of social anthropology at the LSE, in which he played a major role. One of Malinowski's principal teachers, he was himself an outstanding fieldworker. His work on Morocco has, even today, hardly been surpassed. Yet, his theories on the nature of human marriage and the origins of the incest taboo place him firmly in the earlier, generalist camp, and the controversies to which they have given rise have hardly settled down to this day. In this volume, Westermarck's place in anthropology is discussed, along with detailed descriptions of his very active academic life in Finland and in Britain, whilst other chapters consider his equally pioneering writings in morals and ethics. Westermarck's own writings are featured by way of illustration of his ideas, including his LSE inaugural lecture, his Huxley lecture, and a hitherto unpublished paper on ritual and survivals. This volume shows, indeed, that Westermarck is a 'missing link' in today's history of anthropology, and our understanding of that history will be profoundly changed by a better appreciation of his role within it.
Between relativism and fundamentalism : religious resources for a middle position
African sisterhood : conseptualizing african feminist identity
Fear of knowledge : against relativism and constructivism
The secret code : the mysterious formula that rules art, nature, and science
In this work, 15 philosophers offer new essays exploring the metaphysics of relations from antiquity to the present day. From those who question whether there are relational properties at all, to those who hold they are a fundamental part of reality, the essays cover a wide range of views on the nature and ontological status of relations.
Sociocultural theory in anthropology : a short history
This volume presents thirteen original essays which explore both traditional and contemporary aspects of the metaphysics of relations. It is uncontroversial that there are true relational predications-'Abelard loves Eloise', 'Simmias is taller than Socrates', 'smoking causes cancer', and so forth. More controversial is whether any true relational predications have irreducibly relational truthmakers. Do any of the statements above involve their subjects jointly instantiating polyadic properties, or can we explain their truths solely in terms of monadic, non-relational properties of the relata? According to a tradition dating back to Plato and Aristotle, and continued by medieval philosophers, polyadic properties are metaphysically dubious. In non-symmetric relations such as the amatory relation, a property would have to inhere in two things at once-lover and beloved-but characterise each differently, and this puzzled the ancients. More recent work on non-symmetric relations highlights difficulties with their directionality. Such problems offer clear motivation for attempting to reduce relations to monadic properties.
An assessment of power abuse under ethics philosophies
Philosophical disputes in the social sciences
Semantic relationism
Sointula and the seeds of Kalervo Oberg's culture shock model
Messy morality : the challenge of politics
"Relativism is one of philosophy's oldest -- and most polarizing -- concepts. It has captivated thinkers since the days of Protagoras (who supported the notion) and Plato (who did not). Relativism is assailed by popes as leading people away from absolute religious truths, and blamed by social commentators for many of society's ills. With a few notable exceptions, 20th-century philosophers grew to dismiss relativism as an obviously mistaken or even self-refuting concept. But in the past decade, even its staunchest philosophical critics have come to realize that relativism is a legitimate option for explaining a variety of phenomena, including faultless disagreement, the utility of alternative logics, varieties of cross-cultural moralities, and differing ontological conceptual schemes. Reflecting this overdue reappraisal, A Companion to Relativism presents the latest thinking on the role of relativism in the philosophy of language, epistemology, ethics, philosophy of science, logic, and metaphysics. Original contributions to this volume feature cutting edge thinking from a variety of eminent scholars who approach relativism from various perspectives and philosophical subfields"--
"Learning the culture is a kind of working tool" : the acculturation and adaptation of Finnish development co-operation workers and missionaries in East Africa
Moral relativism and moral objectivity
Renewing philosophy
Now in its third edition, this successful book introduces students to the area of social science theory and research known as social constructionism. Using a variety of examples from everyday experience and from existing research in areas such as personality, sexuality and health, it clearly explains the basic theoretical assumptions of social constructionism. Key debates, such as the nature and status of knowledge, truth, reality and the self are given in-depth analysis in an accessible style. Drawing on a range of empirical studies, the book clearly defines the various different approaches to social constructionist research and explores the theoretical and practical issues involved. While the text is broadly sympathetic to social constructionism, it also adopts a critical perspective to the material, addressing its weaknesses and, in the final chapter, subjecting the theory itself to a more extensive critique. New to this edition: * Extended coverage of the relationship between 'mainstream' psychology and social constructionism and how the two fields can engage with each other. * An exploration of the rise and popularity of neuroscience and the challenge it poses to social constructionism. * New material on the field of psychosocial studies. * Updated coverage of existing key issues such as age and sexuality, and inclusion of more recently emerging issues (e.g. status and role of affect). * Updated discussion of key social constructionist contributors, with revised references. * Updated chapter on research methods, including more on narrative and critical narrative analysis, and personal construct methods. The third edition of Social Constructionism extends and updates the material covered in previous editions and will be an invaluable and informative resource for undergraduate and postgraduate students across the social and behavioural sciences.
Against method
Cultural relativism in acousmatic music
Metaethical relativism : against the single analysis assumption
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Díaz, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
The significance of Feyerabend's "anarchism" for contemporary philosophy of science
Looking backwards and forwards
Liberals and cannibals : the implications of diversity
The emotional construction of morals
Social constructionism, discourse and realism
Truth without objectivity
Relativism : a contemporary anthology
Ethical relativity
Moral dilemmas : an introduction to Christian ethics
Realism and relativism
Reason and commitment : Roger Trigg
Fieldwork in familiar places : morality, culture, and philosophy
A companion to relativism
Toward internationalism : readings in cross-cultural communication
Mind, meaning and knowledge : themes from the philosophy of Crispin Wright
Moral relativism : a reader
Our contemporary culture is dominated by two extremes relativism and fundamentalism. Neither is desirable: relativism claims that all questions of truth are irrelevant, whereas fundamentalism insists on sole possession of absolute truth. Internationally renowned sociologist of religion Peter Berger has gathered a group of scholars to consider how, from out of different traditions, one can define a middle position between both extremes. / After an extensive introductory overview by Berger, three essays (sociological descriptions) give an objective picture of how relativism and fundamentalism play out in todays world. In the second part (theological directions) authors from several different Christian traditions and one conservative Jewish tradition flesh out a normative middle ground that is neither relativist they affirm specific truth claims nor fundamentalist their affirmations include tolerance of the claims of others.
Geometric possibility
Debating the state of philosophy
Gender and culture
Global bioethics : utopia or reality?
The anthropology of moralities
The poverty of relative truth
Relativism
"In Rationalities in history, the distinguished historian David d'Avray writes a new comparative history in the spirit of Max Weber. In a strikingly original reassessment of seminal Weberian ideas, d'Avray applies value rationality to the comparative history of religion and the philosophy of law. Integrating theories of rational choice, anthropological reflections on relativism, and the recent philosophy of rationality with Weber's conceptual framework, d'Avray seeks to disengage 'rationalisation' from its enduring association with Western 'modernity.' This mode of analysis is contextualised through the examples of Buddhism, Imperial China, and sixteenth-century Catholicism--in the latter case building upon unpublished archival research. This ambitious synthesis of social theory and comparative history will engage social scientists and historians from advanced undergraduate level upwards, stimulating interdisciplinary discourse, and making a significant contribution to the methodology of history. D'Avray explores the potential of this new Weberian analysis further in his companion volume, Medieval religious rationalities"--Provided by publisher.
Consciousness, cognitive schemata, and relativism : multidisciplinary explorations in cognitive science
History and theory in anthropology
When truth gives out
The relativity of Westermarck's moral relativism
Spinoza's concept of emending the intellect : a critical investigation into Spinoza's method of emending the intellect with special reference to the Tractatus de intellectus emendatione
The neo-primitivist turn : critical reflections on alterity, culture, and modernity
Topics of our time : twentieth-century issues in learning and in art
Wittgenstein and value : the quest for meaning
Moral dilemmas and other topics in moral philosophy
Moral relativism, moral diversity & human relationships
Relative truth
The nature of moral thinking
Relativism and the foundations of philosophy
