http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23942 digital marketing
digital marketing
B2B marketing communications in emerging markets : content marketing in digital channels: a case study of the United Arab Emirates
Contemporary marketing in the high-tech industry : perceptions of Finnish IT marketing professionals
Visual content marketing : leveraging infographics, video, and interactive media to attract and engage customers
Inbound marketing and SEO : insights from the Moz Blog
LinkedIn for dummies
Music business is going through dramatic changes as Internet has evolved into more social and instant place. People demand a lot more from music and are more aware of what happens in the music industry. They want to get instant access to music and they are not willing to spend a lot of money on CDs. Also bands are more willing to try to succeed on their own without any help from record labels, because Internet and social media have made it easier for them. The change has also influenced strongly on record labels. Major record labels have started to loose their profit from CDs and many famous artists have left the majors and try to manage on their own. Finnish market is still dominated by major record labels which have put pressure on independent record labels to expand their operations abroad for better income. Many independent record labels have small financial resources and in order to expand to the foreign market they need to find cost effective ways to do that. Viral marketing via Internet is a very effective channel which doesn't require big budget. This thesis focus on a company HoneyBaby Records, and on the independent record labels in general. Methods of Internet marketing are investigated as they are essential for a record label which tries to generate profit and get awareness in an international market with a low budget. Opinions of regular consumers of music about music business and the meaning of record labels were inquired in order to find out a general conception about the state of music industry today. This thesis reveals that some good and effective ways for an independent record label to expand its operation into international market are using social media for creation of contacts, cooperation with foreign bars, clubs and studios and appealing to foreign bands and artist to get them to sign contracts.
Marketing automation supporting sales
Facebook marketing : what do users think of it?
Advancing the Application of Digital Marketing in Irish SMEs. Case company: English Language Ireland
Digital decisions : how digital signage networks generate profit
A case study of Facebook marketing approaches of two Nepali companies
Internet Marketing in Tourism : The quality of Helsinki City Tourism Bureau’s website from tourism perspective
Tourist motivators and pull factors of Tampere : in co-operation with Visit Tampere
Impact and return on investment of online marketing strategies for small and medium enterprises
The on-demand brand : 10 rules for digital marketing success in an anytime, everywhere world
Digital Marketing Strategy for B2B : Case Study: Smurfit Kappa Pirkan Pakkaus Oy
Perceptions of content marketing : case study on Finnish companies
Measuring the Success of Digital Marketing explains how to determine the success of a digital marketing campaign by demonstrating what digital marketing metrics are as well as how to measure and use them. Including real life case studies and experts viewpoints that help marketers navigate the digital world.
Starting an online business : all-in-one for dummies
Cost saving possibilities in digital marketing : case: Simple Nokia Asset Creator
Direct and digital marketing in practice
Gamification at work : designing engaging business software
How to make a business visible online : Online visibility plan for a start-up x
Increasing the Attractiveness and Visibility of Educational In-stitutions Using Modern Marketing Channels : Case: Fontys Minor program
Affiliate marketing : how to make money & create an income
The effectiveness of contextual advertising in promoting a new online business : case: Gojaba, Inc
Online marketing to investors : how to develop effective investor relations
Digital content marketing in the business-to-business context : a case study on marketing communications agencies
User experiences and future conceptions about online marketing
On-going change in film consumption : is online availability disrupting the offline markets?
Inbound marketing in practice : Case study: Lainaaja.fi
Internationalisation through digital marketing for luxury clothing : case: Company X entering to Germany
Click power : drive more traffic, leads, and sales
Digital disciplines : attaining market leadership via the cloud, big data, social, mobile, and the internet of things
Utilizing Social Media in a Tourism Company
Creating an online marketing communication plan : case company X
The representation of Sámi people on Finnish and Norwegian tourism websites in English
Utilizing social media in a tourism company
Persuasive Digital Advertising in Online Advertisement : Case Company: MarkPrint Oy
Affiliate marketing : develop an online business empire from selling other peoples products
Digital Marketing of Ninjamails
Developing Online Promotion Mix For Mobile Application
How companies utilize mascots in their digital marketing
Opportunities of social media marketing for a game company
Affiliate program management : an hour a day
How to measure digital marketing : metrics for assessing impact and designing success
Developing a functional online marketing strategy. Case: Ebsolut
The 45 second presentation that will change your life : the world's best-selling network marketing guide
"Leverage digital technologies to achieve competitive advantage through better processes, products, customer relationships and innovation How does Information Technology enable competitive advantage? Digital Disciplines details four strategies that exploit today's digital technologies to create unparalleled customer value. Using non-technical language, this book describes the blueprints that any company, large or small, can use to gain or retain market leadership, based on insights derived from examining modern digital giants such as Amazon and Netflix as well as established firms such as GE, Nike, and UPS. Companies can develop a competitive edge through four digital disciplines--information excellence, solution leadership, collective intimacy, and accelerated innovation--that exploit cloud computing, big data and analytics, mobile and wireline networks, social media, and the Internet of Things.These four disciplines represent the extension and evolution of the value disciplines of operational excellence, product leadership, and customer intimacy originally defined by Michael Treacy and Fred Wiersema in their bestselling business classic The Discipline of Market Leaders.Operational excellence must now encompass information excellence--leveraging automation, information, analytics, and sophisticated algorithms to make processes faster, better, and more cost-effective, as well as to generate new revenue Product leadership must be extended to solution leadership--smart digital products ranging from wind turbines to wearables connected to each other, cloud services, social networks, and partner ecosystems Customer intimacy is evolving to collective intimacy--as face-to-face relationships not only go online, but are collectively analyzed to provide individually targeted recommendations ranging from books and movies to patient-specific therapies Traditional innovation is no longer enough--accelerated innovation goes beyond open innovation to exploit crowdsourcing, idea markets, challenges, and contest economics to dramatically improve processes, products, and relationships This book provides a strategy framework, empirical data, case studies,deep insights, and pragmatic steps for any enterprise to follow and attain market leadership in today's digital era. Digital Disciplines can be exploited by existing firms or start-ups to disrupt established ways of doing business through innovative, digitally enabled value propositionsto win in competitive markets in today's digital era"--
The current development and trends of social media marketing strategies for businesses : case study on an internet marketing company : Lead Creation
Utilizing Social Media in Marketing and in Strengthening the Corporate Image
Improving SME business with web development technologies at Asian Food Market Oy
Marketing a crowdfunding campaign through digital marketing channels : case: The Crowdfunding Platform X
With the ever increasing online community and opportunities, digital marketing is fast becoming the mainstream in the field of marketing. At the same time marketers have to be up-to-date with the current digital trends in order to be able to improve themselves and make valuable contributions to their organisations. The significance of digital marketing thus should make any thoughtful organisation want to plan for, perform, evaluate and improve its digital marketing endeavours where necessary, in order to take advantage of the opportunities available. This importance therefore necessitated this research. This thesis was commissioned by Koodiviidakko Oy, a Finnish company producing digital marketing software. The focus of this research is on business to business digital marketing in a digitally emerging market, with the United Arab Emirates (UAE) as the case study. A broad literature review of the concept of business to business (B2B) was performed, touching on aspects such as organisational buying behaviour, decision making unit and relationship marketing. Also discussed was B2B marketing communications from two dimensions; channel and relationship. Furthermore, the report examined the concepts of content marketing, digital marketing and digital marketing channels which are important concepts relevant to the thesis subject matter. The research was both qualitative and quantitative with analytical tools used to gather statistical data on the commissioner's digital marketing channels. The results gathered from the research showed that the commissioner's digital marketing efforts in the UAE are on the right track but more needs to be done especially in the areas of customer acquisition, customer conversion and measuring return on investments. Finally, based on the findings, recommendations were made, that the commissioner could employ in order to improve its digital marketing.
Establishing an online store in the furniture retail business : Case study of Lähdesmäki Oy
Social selling luxury : Increase sales by engaging in the digital world
The science of marketing : when to tweet, what to post, how to blog, and other proven strategies
Flash media as a tool for advertisement
The objective of this thesis was to determine how to sell luxury clothing effectively through digital marketing in Germany. Further the purpose was to emphasize on digital marketing including its tools and channels as well as on the characteristics of marketing a luxury product with focus on the German market.  The study was carried out as a project for the luxury sportswear company X, in the framework of internationalising their business through digital marketing to Germany. This thesis was written with a qualitative research approach. Data for the thesis was collected using qualitatively analysed and reliable secondary sources from books, articles and the internet. Additionally, two expert interviews in the fields of digital marketing and luxury were conducted supporting the secondary research.  The result of the thesis was a digital marketing plan for the company X in which the RACE framework functioned as the main theory. The digital marketing plan was further enhanced through the knowledge of luxury theories such as the 6 P's of marketing a luxury product and the layers of luxury communication.  It was found out that increasing brand awareness, reaching qualified customers and creating sales possibilities in the German market are the major aims to achieve with the digital marketing plan. The key findings suggested that focusing on search engine marketing, social media marketing and on the recruitment of influential persons as well as on the creation of a seamless customer service will reach these aims in Germany.  The findings of the thesis can help company X and other expanding luxury brands find out how to approach the German market effectively through digital marketing in order to create sales opportunities.  Key words: luxury marketing, digital marketing, digital marketing plan.
If you're not tweeting, Facebooking, or blogging by now, your business is getting left behind. Social media marketing is a highly effective way to engage with your customers. It's an easy, inexpensive way to enlarge your audience, add customers, and build your business. This guide provides an indispensable resource for small businesses and start-ups looking for low-cost online marketing strategies, as well as for marketers in larger companies who want to be more involved with social media. Learn which social media sites best fit your business and how to take full advantage of them.
Developing online marketing communication strategy of the EEBA organization
Master the essentials of email marketing analytics
Practice of Internet Marketing in Destination Branding
Multiscreen marketing : the seven things you need to know to reach your customers across TVs, computers, tablets, and mobile phones
Marketing strategies for a B2B industrial supplier : case: Company X
ROI of social media : how to improve the return on your social marketing investment
Social media in the marketing context : a state of the art analysis and future directions
Problems in the online marketing of online shops in China : Case study: the Taobao online marketing policy
Managing social media data for digital marketing purposes
Marketing Vierumäki Golf Club in Russia
SEO step-by-step : The complete beginner's guide to getting traffic from Google
This Bachelor's thesis topic is developing e-marketing tools for the B2C sector of CASTA Ltd. The final outcome is a set of online marketing tools guidelines that can improve business activities, especially marketing effectiveness. Based on the company's status as a novice in online marketing field, the thesis will focus on the basic level of three specific online marketing tools, instead of covering the whole e-marketing subject. The theoretical framework first describes the concept of e-marketing, its development and usage in business nowadays, then move on to the benefits and challenges that companies usually encounter when applying. The last part discusses three different online marketing platforms that are the most commonly used recently. The research method includes benchmarking and qualitative interview with the Executive Director of CASTA Ltd. The case studies proves the effectiveness of the chosen online marketing tools through concrete financial figures and organic traffic growth online. The intervoew on the other hand revealed the fact that the commissioning company os relatively weak and has no experience in marketing online. Based on the results, the reccommended tools are designed and proposed to the commissioning company.
The fundamentals of digital fashion marketing
Digital business-to-business marketing communications in emerging markets : developing business marketing in Russia
Digital marketing strategy for a case company
Developing the Marketing in the Social Media : Case: Tamhockey Oy
Sokos Hotels St.Petersburg - Social Media Marketing Strategy
Adding value through social media : case Autokiila
Marketing goes digital : 12 Practices for business success
On-going change in film consumption - Is online availability disrupting the offline markets?
Marketing library and information services - II : a global outlook
Content, the atomic particle of marketing : the definitive guide to content marketing strategy
The application of digital marketing strategies to increase profits of the organization
Guide to using social media for BelleGames
Blog marketing in tourism : case study: Outdoors Finland for Bloggers 2014
Impact of humor and gender in e-mail marketing : case DefShop GmbH
Digital marketing : strategy, implementation and practice
Developing Online Marketing in Social Media for DORTMUNDtourismus e.V.
The purpose of this thesis was to take a look at digital marketing and digital marketing strategy and how it is created. Thesis was made in cooperation with UNELMA project, which was founded by European Union through Interreg IVA program, Regional Council of Lapland and Norrbotten County. The goal for this thesis was to prepare a preliminary list of keywords and texts for the networks website. Thesis process was conducted as a functional thesis. The knowledge base for this thesis came from various books and online sources. Also previous project material and meetings were used as a source. At the end of the thesis report the example keywords and website texts can be examined.
Digital marketing plan for a news agency
Payment methods and collection : an information booklet for an online business
Museum Marketing : Marketing the Finnish Aviation Museum through Multimodal Marketing and Social Media
The purpose of this thesis is to create a digital marketing communication plan for InStyle. InStyle is a company, which sells clothes and accessories through their online store and in their brick-and-mortar store located in Savonlinna. The company has thought their target group to be 15 to 25 year old women, who use alternative fashion. The idea for this thesis comes from a friend, who knows entrepreneurs of InStyle's. At first the thesis was discussed to be marketing communication plan for InStyle. However, after a while it was discussed to be more efficient for the company to have marketing communication plan, which would concentrate on digital Media. This changes the thesis topic to be digital marketing communication plan for InStyle. The thesis was conducted as secondary research, where researches, such as reports, press articles or previous market researches, are studied and utilised to form a conclusion. The theoretical framework consist theory of marketing, strategic marketing, marketing communications, integrated marketing communications and digital marketing communications. The third chapter of the thesis contains the starting point analysis of the business. This analysis contains company analysis, 4P's marketing mix, company's environment analysis and competitor analysis. Company's SWOT-analysis has been based on these analyses. As a result of this thesis process, the company was provided with digital marketing communications plan, which contained objectives, strategy, methods, marketing communications mix, resources, scheduling, control and evaluation and feedback. With the plan InStyle is able to develop their current digital marketing communication to be more effective to try attracting customers to their online store through various digital channels. By following this plan InStyle can increase the number of visitors in their web page, increase the number of followers in their social media channels and hence visibility and awareness on customers.
Rio Digital's expansion to Brazil : a multi-level analysis of the Brazilian market
The field of independent film production is very challenging. The challenging nature of independent film production is also the reason why large film productions and production companies were left out of this research. The amount of research done on the social media marketing of independent film production companies in Finland is minimal. In this thesis a lot of the literature review focuses on the basic theories of marketing, social media and social media marketing. Key social media services are analyzed through financial statistics and user amounts. The growth of social media is researched by using the Conversation Prism in its different versions. For this research the inductive approach will be used for multiple key reasons. Firstly the research conducted about the social media marketing of independent film production companies in Finland is a highly narrowly researched field where completed research and data is scarce. Even social media is a relatively new phenomenon that is still in its infancy when it comes to research, partially due to the incredible speed it develops. Logically, it was a better option to find data from the field and try to formulate the theory on that basis, instead of using a readily available theory which is nonexistent. For the data collection, local production companies in Turku were interviewed. Local companies were chosen, because of the importance of personal relationships needed to receive interviews. Another production company from Montréal was interviewed to make a comparison between Finnish marketing methods and Canadian ones. This also brought a more international aspect to the resear ch. The companies interviewed were New Dawn Oy, Pohjola Filmi Oy and Natali Film. The research questions that the writer sought answers for were to find out if social media marketing has really been adopted by independent film production companies and what are the significant marketing tools used in social media marketing. The research showed that many of the rules and expectations that a marketer has cannot be put into context when it comes to the social media marketing of independent film production companies. Even in the future, social media will definitely be the most efficient and affordable marketing solution for independent film production companies, but it will never the most important way to market themselves. This is reserved for personal and professional relationships with other film makers, customers and the community of film enthusiasts. The research showed the significant marketing tools used in successful social media marketing by independent film production compan ies are virtually the same that are used by consumers in their own communities. The most popular actual social media services among independent film production companies are Facebook, YouTube and Vimeo.
Abstract: In the PR and Communications industry there has been a dramatic shift in the effectiveness of bought channels vs. earned media. The client of this research project, Miltton Oy has developed its PR and Communications business by focusing on earned media models successfully over the last 10 years. Miltton sees social media as the fastest growing earned media channel. Miltton Oy has expressed interest in finding how corporations can better use social media in corporate communications. While Finnish companies have been slower to accept social media, the situation is changing and they need to keep up with it. The research answers the question: "How can companies build and maintain trust in social media?". It has the purpose of providing the client with findings that can be used for pitching innovative social media consulting to potential customers. The research questions help the client clarify why social media is important for business and what are the best ways to utilize it taking into consideration the changing marketplace. The significance of the differences between web 1.0 and web 2.0 technologies are researched as an initial step. Furthermore the nature of web 2.0 as a dual way channel for communication is emphasized. It is apparent that traditional businesses must adapt to the increased liberalization of social media and adopt a different approach. Evidence suggests that instead of being focused on their products and services companies should try to build long lasting relationships with their clients. Different reasons for companies to enter the social media marketplace were explored. Companies pursue specific goals and try to extend their business operations in a new channel. Social media is utilized by companies for branding and reputation management, marketing and advertising, community management and customer service. Corporate communications are often incorporated in brand management. The findings indicated that marketing is used less and companies are orienting to build more honest relationships with their customers. Determining success factors and measuring them was the second area explored in more detail. Engagement proved to be a factor that companies consider very important. Furthermore it became apparent that ROI is difficult to measure in social media, as the quantitative metrics used fail to illustrate why conversations happen and what their sentiment and outcome is. Primarily quantitative in its nature ROI focuses on deriving the business value for activities and while a study proves that there is a correlation between financial performance and social media engagement the cause of that relationship is not causal. However a pattern was observed that 7 of the top engaging brands in social media utilize a customer mindset to conduct a healthy business cycle. Thirdly the amount of time and effort that companies spend developing their social media presence was examined. A minimum amount of 5-6 hours proved to be the common way of experimenting and integrating social media within businesses at a very basic level. A classification by Owyang and Altimeter Group showed that initial budgets of companies are quite modest while more experienced and mature companies were using almost the same amounts. Finally to put everything into the perspective of the Finnish market a consumer research on trust provided by the client of this research project was used. The main trust building factors for Finns were personal recommendations, having positive brand experience, brands being proactive, brands providing value not for the purpose of sales alone and being honest and transparent. These key findings helped bind the research together and devise an action plan that companies can use for their social media efforts in the Finnish market. It became apparent that in order to build trust through social media companies should concentrate on developing transparent and honest relationships with clients. Rather than pushing its marketing and advertising to the consumer the company would instead become attractive and pull people to its brand. The research showed social media is the correct platform for those trust factors. In order to fulfill them, companies would have to think less of what their brand wants to say and focus on what its stakeholder groups and clients would like to talk about and develop relationships around those conversations taking place in social media. As a conclusion it can be said that the marketplace has changed and people do not feel obliged to do business with brands just because of their image. Honest and transparent relationships can help brands become friends with their clients and establish trust. Social media is best suited as a relationship building tool, rather than a marketing tool. Through those relationships brands can become attractive enough for people to seek them out themselves.
Understanding digital marketing : marketing strategies for engaging the digital generation
Successful digital marketing
Social media marketing communications plan for a B2B company
Rock Hellsinki, Marketing Research
Advanced Google AdWords
Internationalization of an independent record label using internet marketing as a tool : case company: HoneyBaby Records
Antecedents of and their effect on trust in online word-of-mouth : case Finnish discussion forums
Developing effective online marketing : Case: Company X
Gamification in automotive marketing : A conceptual framework for implementation
Marketing research for expanding a business online : Case Uulatuote
As a conclusion, the social media plan is constructed based on the current social media activities of the commissioner, therefore some issues might arise when implementing the plan as the commissioner have not really established presence on social media; issue of lacking resources might come up, but it is also tried to resolve in this thesis. If the plan is implemented successfully there might be high benefit for the commissioner. As for development proposals there are endless possibilities for further measures as social media provides countless number of opportunities for companies. It would be interesting to see further measures as a thesis by a business student where the possibilities of social media in business-to-business use are exploited.
Social Media and Internet Tools in the Hospitality Marketing
The planning and development of company X's social media marketing activities in Finland
Developing and establishing a blogger outreach strategy : case ElämysLahjat.fi
Development recommendations for online B2B marketing
Social CRM and digital marketing communication in B2B relationships
Usage of digital loyalty programs in the city center area in Jyväskylä
Programmatic advertising : the successful transformation to automated, data-driven marketing in real-time
Best Practices in Web-Store Design
The use of digital analytics for measuring and optimizing digital marketing performance
E-marketing Analysis with Web-Page Focus. Case: Tour Organizer X
Marketing for dummies
Improve Search Engine Optimization
Digital marketing communication plan for InStyle
Integration of digital marketing into the business-to-business marketing process
Social media marketing of indie film production companies in Finland
"How can we use this new social media channel most effectively to drive more revenue, profit, brand and share at highest ROI and least risk?" --The concepts in this book can be applied to any social marketing channel and any combination of traditional and social media. --ROI of Social Media is truly global in nature presenting case studies from around the world including Dell (Europe), Comcast (North America), Guinness Anchor Berhad (Malaysia) and Microsoft Asia Pacific. With this range of case studies, the reader will be able to apply these concepts to their business whether they are based in New York, Shanghai, London or Sydney. --The book presents with an 8-step process to strategize, develop, implement and measure an effective social marketing strategy. -- Book Jacket.
Traditional and social media marketing comparison : case: the Coca-Cola Company
Social loyalty, case study : the future of Estonian Air's social media based loyalty programme AirScore
Designing the structure and content of the website for a research and analysis laboratories : part of UNELMA project
Data driven marketing for dummies
The relationship between brand love and positive word of mouth
Social media marketing for dummies
This Bachelor's thesis project was conducted for DefShop GmbH. In accordance to the commissioner's interests towards customization of their e-mail newsletter service, a test campaign was administered in order to detect possible differences in the clicking behavior of male and female newsletter subscribers when receiving either neutral or humorous e-mails. The two test e-mails used for the campaign differed in their visual content, changing the message in either humorous or neutral direction. The click rates of both versions were examined in reference to the humor condition applied and the gender of the subject. The hypotheses were that male subscribers would react more strongly to the humorous e-mail version, whereas female subscribers would not be affected by the amount of humor in the newsletter. Data analysis was conducted through exploratory analysis, contingency tables with Chi-Square tests, and binary logistic regression model. Hypotheses about gender variations were evaluated based on the analysis results. The theoretical framework of the thesis consists of an overview of an analysis of the e-commerce field, online marketing, more specifically e-mail as a marketing channel, and humor in advertising context. Previous research results on the subject of observed gender-based differences in the effect of humorous advertisement, which found males to be more likely to react to humorous advertisement, while females were not affected by the humor condition, were used as a basis for the hypothesis formation.  The results of the research analysis were not entirely conclusive. Although the hypotheses were found to apply to the population at hand, no statistically inconclusive proof emerged that there would be significant interaction effect between humor and the gen-der. As a result, it could not be concluded that the observed differences between genders' click-rates were directly linked to the presence of humor. As the different statistical methods yielded partly incoherent results, no statement can be made that gender would be a determining factor of click-tendency in different humor condition groups. Further research points on the subject were suggested to the commissioner based on the analysis.
Adaptation of a digital marketing strategy to attract North American customers
"Win online by attracting the right customers and getting the right performance measurement. Digital Impact answers the critical questions marketers have about connecting with and influencing consumers online. Written in an easy-to-read, approachable format, this helpful guide presents provocative content along with practical, commonsense methods that can be followed by any businessperson at companies of all sizes. The discussion hones in on two keys to success: building a performance measurement approach that will let you get maximum impact out of your online marketing and ad dollars, and creating magnetic content that attracts customers and keeps them engaged with your brand.. Leverage trust and build ROI in social media and mobile spaces. Get actionable data, best practices, cases studies, anecdotes, practical coaching tips and strategic insights. Engage customers who typically resist advertising messages. Learn from authors who have extensive experience across major industries and accounts, giving them a wide business appeal. Whether your budget is corporate-sized or on a shoestring, you'll want to achieve the measurable bottom-line improvements that come with having Digital Impact."--
This bachelor's thesis was commissioned by Prima Pet Premium Oy with the purpose to  find out the best metrics concerning the profitability of the company's marketing department's  operations. The objective of this study was to come out with a set of marketing  metrics, which the marketing department can use as a tool when reaching their future  goals.  The starting point of the thesis was to find out the current situation of Prima Pet Premium  Oy and its marketing department, their mission, vision, strategy, marketing channels  and future objectives. The qualitative research was conducted by collecting primary data  in the form of observation and interviews. Secondary data was collected from literature,  previous researches and Internet sources. The data was analysed using qualitative content  analysis.  Relying on theoretical background of The Balanced Scorecard, the Five Forces Model,  SWOT Analysis, strategic leadership, digital marketing and centralized marketing the  current thesis reviews the ways and methods how to choose metrics through comprehensive  strategic thinking and offers justified solutions how Prima Pet Premium Oy's  marketing department should measure their operations.  The outcome of this thesis was a Balanced Scorecard modified according to Prima Pet  Premium Oy's marketing department's strategic objectives. The Balanced Scorecard  was taken as the main theoretical guideline, since it takes into account all the aspects in  a company, including both financial and non-financial metrics. The findings suggest  that Prima Pet Premium Oy's marketing department should regularly measure their operations  in order to find out if the implemented strategy and operations are actually  working.
Marketing measurement : the case of Prima Pet Premium Oy
Industrial business relationships in collaborative product development when utilizing digital channels : Case Ruukki
How to Increase Search Engine Visibility by Using Basic SEM and SEO Tecniques : Case: Voglia Oy
Developing e-marketing tools : case company: CASTA Ltd
The complete guide to affiliate marketing on the Web : how to use and profit from affiliate marketing programs
Online Marketing Handbook for Emerging Jewelry Importer: Case Divina Katalina
E-business as a distributional strategy : case: Veikkaus Oy
The Internet as a cost-effective marketing tool for small businesses : case Jukeboxing
The 2015 Chief marketing officer handbook : marketing strategies that work
Users not customers : the hard lesson that all businesses must learn now
Abstract.
Inside Microsoft Dynamics Marketing
Digital marketing: channel integration plan : case: textile industry service provider
The rise of the platform marketer : performance marketing with Google, Facebook, and Twitter, plus the latest high-growth digital advertising platforms
Recommendations for digital marketing communication to the visit business Turku -project : commissioner: Turku Region Development Centre
This thesis explores online marketing communication, the tools that are used in it, and how to use them effectively. Subject for this thesis was given by a case-company, where the author was doing the internship-period in 2014.  Theoretical part features information about marketing communication in general, market segmentation, online marketing communication and its tools in details.  To support the theoretical information this thesis includes an empirical part, which is done by semi-structured thematic interview, which is part of qualitative research. Thematic interviews were made with people who have years of experience in online marketing communication in international business field. Empirical part includes author's suggestions for online marketing communication plan. Meaning of the empirical part is to give the case-company ideas for the online marketing communication plan for the new product line.  The final outcome of the thesis, suggestion for online marketing communication plan includes suggestions for the use of available online marketing communication tools that the company has.
The objective of this study was to gather information about the Brazilian market. The analytical approach was conducted at both macro and micro levels with a focus on the Brazilian IT sector and the field of digital marketing. This work aims at determine whether the market in questions possess the minimum requirements or even potential opportunities that would allow Rio Digital Oy, a Finnish digital agency, to successfully expand their business there. This thesis was commissioned by Rio Digital Oy, a Vantaa-based firm, as they intended to know learn more about the Brazilian market. This study was carried out in order to provide them with reliable and accurate background information which would aid Rio Digital in their decision-making process regarding company's expansion to Brazil. Methodology used was qualitative research due to the exploratory nature of this work as it intended to uncover trends and provide insights. Data was collected from governmental websites and official organizations as well as interviews with key persons active in Brazil. Theoretical basis for this research lies in PESTEL Analysis for the macro-level analysis where factors such as economic, political, and legal environment and national culture were analyzed. The empirical part of this research consists of the micro-level analysis which investigated the Brazilian digital marketing market and its main players and trends through interviews and analyze of specialized reports. The findings indicates that Brazil offers reasonable overall conditions such as economic and political stability that would justify the market entry. Also the country's IT rapid growth fueled by an emerging population with increasing purchase power poses a great opportunity for digital agencies such as Rio Digital Oy. In addition to that, this study concludes that the biggest opportunities to be seized by Rio Digital Oy are in the area of mobile application development and big data analysis. Information about the commissioner company considered sensitive has been edited out in this version.
Let's get engaged! : crossing the threshold of marketing's engagement era : proceedings of the 2014 Academy of Marketing Science (AMS) Annual Conference
The native advertising advantage : build authentic content that revolutionizes digital marketing and drives revenue growth
How can companies build and maintain trust in social media?
This thesis study is concentrating on digital marketing communication and the purpose of the thesis is to offer a digital marketing communication recommendations for the Visit Business Turku virtual visitor centre project of Turku Region Development Centre. The thesis study began by benchmarking existing study visit operations, what could be learned from their success and how to implement the similar model and best practices in Turku area for the benefit of the Turku area economy. A qualitative method in a form of an interview was applied and also visits to understand the trends and what works with this type of operation. Together with digital marketing communication theoretical framework and benchmarking of successful study visit models, this thesis study provides a digital marketing communication recommendations for Turku Region Development Centre Visit Business Turku project. The research showed that the strategic planning is very remarkable factor when creating digital marketing communication plan and the strategy should clearly reflect the vision of the whole operation. The theoretical framework of the thesis study includes both printed and digital sources of digital marketing communication.
The role of Internet marketing in finnish tourism industry
"The digital landscape has changed buyers' habits. Sales professionals now need to develop relationships with decision-makers through social networks to reach them early in the decision making process.Social Sellingprovides a practical, step-by-step outline for harnessing the skills and techniques necessary to achieve this, including developing a high quality community, building trust, developing authority and influence, and connecting with changemakers. It also discusses enterprise implementation of a social selling strategy, maturity and investment models necessary, risk and governance, and technology platforms. The chapters feature tips, checklists, and theoretical examples"--
Mobile marketing : fundamentals and strategy
Social selling : techniques to influence buyers and changemakers
Social media as a marketing channel for traditional newspapers : case: Tuoi Tre Newspaper
The invisible sale : how to build a digitally powered marketing and sales system to better prospect, qualify and close leads
Marketing Letter for Specific Customers via Internet Bank and Electronic Signature : Case: Joroisten Osuuspankki
Abstract: On-going change in film consumption - Is online availability disrupting the offline markets? The objective of this study was to look into the online film services in Finland and the theories connected to offering that type of online services. The aim was also to look into these services from the point of view of their disruptiveness to the market. A research was conducted to find out the current status of these online film distributors in Finland from the point of view of the customers. The research was mainly of quantitative nature and it was conducted as an online survey. The survey was answered by 123 people and in addition three persons were interviewed to gather more specific experiences and opinions on certain matters. The research revealed that most of the respondents would be willing to try online film services in the future but only few already had experience in using them. Currently more people seem to rather find films from illegal sources to download or prefer to watch them from DVD's or Blu-rays. The research also gave implications that purchasing content online is not a novelty for people anymore and what seems to keep people from using these online services are preconceptions on, for example, their quality and pricing.
Digital impact : the two secrets to online marketing success
Conversion code : capture more leads,  cover more appointments, close more sales
"Advertising is being transformed by the move from traditional TV spots and static advertising placements to "multi-screen" marketing, where consumers control their own flow of content through smartphones, tv's, tablets, and pc's. This is an unprecedented opportunity for marketers. This book explains why the secret to effective multi-screen marketing is NOT to focus on devices (tablets, mobile phones, and computers) but on the ways customers use them, in order to deliver the right screen with the right message in the right moment. Effective multi-screen marketing brings more relevance to consumers, and more value for marketers.The authors identify four main types of multi-screen customer behavior: Content Grazing, which occurs when consumers use two or more screens simultaneously to access separate or unrelated content. Quantum Leaping, which occurs when consumers start an activity on one screen and continue it on another. Investigative Spider-Webbing, where consumers view related content on two or more devices at the same time. Social Spider-Webbing, the mirror image of Investigative Spider-Webbing that is extroverted and focused on sharing and connecting. In addition to new research and data on how customers behave in a multi-screen world, the book includes real-world examples from marketers and companies who are embracing a consumer-centric approach to multi-screen marketing, and evoke ways companies can use technology in service to people, rather than the other way around"--
Guideline for companies: creating digital marketing communications plan
The Future Development of The New County Hotel
The growth hacker's guide to the galaxy : 100 proven growth hacks for the digital marketer
"As the digital landscape has changed buyers' habits it's increasingly difficult to reach them early enough in their decision-making process using traditional sales methods. Developing relationships with decision-makers through social networks has become an increasingly critical skill - enabling sales professionals to engage early on and 'hack' the buying process. Social Selling provides a practical, step-by-step blueprint for harnessing these specific and proven techniques including: - How to use networks purposefully to build social trust and create a high quality community - How to develop real influence and authority in your subject area and connect with change-makers - How to scale the social selling strategy across an organisation including maturity and investment models, risk and governance, and technology platforms"--
Customer satisfaction analysis of Kotisivukone-palvelu online store feature : case Ideakone Ltd
Marketing 4.0 : Moving from traditional to Digital
