http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23952 grandparenthood
grandparenthood
Family Practices in Later Life
Handbook on grandparenthood
A study of how women influenced by feminism and the Women's Liberation Movement perceive and construct their lives as mothers. The book is based on interviews with feminist mothers in England and Finland. The women include married, cohabiting, single, lesbian, black women, and women in different occupations working full-time or part-time, or unemployed. The interview materials are located within a theoretical context of an analysis of patriarchal, racist capitalism.
The modern grandparent's guide
Family relationships in later life
Contemporary grandparenting : changing family relationships in global contexts
The amateur marriage
Children, family responsibilities, and the state
The hilarious follow-up to 15 Things Not to Do with a Baby has all the warmth and humour of its predecessor, focusing on the relationship between children and their granny. DON'T hide an elephant in Granny's bed. DON'T send Granny up to the moon in a rocket, or wear her pants onyour head, or give her squashed jelly beans on toast for breakfast. But do...dance with Granny, listen to Granny's stories, hug her and love her lots. She loves you!
Grandparental love : a challenge or richness?
Youth, the "underclass" and social exclusion
Feminist mothers
The boys are back
Handbook of parenting. Volume 3, Status and social conditions of parenting
Families in Asia : home and kin
No thanks! I'm quite happy standing!
Grandparental investments and family dynamics in contemporary Europe
Understanding the family
Grandparents : enjoying and caring for your grandchild
Handbook of parenting. Vol. 3, Being and becoming a parent
The grandparents handbook : games, activities, tips, how-tos, and all-around fun
Printing and parenting in early modern England
Family stories and the life course : across time and generations
Readings in family theory
This child is also mine : a narrative approach to the phenomenon of atypical custodial grandparenthood
15 things not to do with a granny
Custodial grandparenting : individual, cultural, and ethnic diversity
Public space and the culture of childhood
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
No! I don't want to join a bookclub
Abstract: Grandparental investments and family dynamics in contemporary Europe.
Based on original contributions from leading scholars, this handbook offers critical reviews of variaitons in grandparenthood (historical, cultural, race, gender), contingenicies (transitions, roles, influence, divorce surrogate parenting, adult grandchildren) and interventions (clinical, policies, programs). It also addresses research trends and needed conceptual and theoretical refinements. The introduction describes trends in grandparenting research since the middle of this century, and offers a brief synopsis of the book's contents as well as specific suggestions for further research. The first part addresses diversity in grandparenting experiences, including historical and demographic trends, racial and ethnic variations, contextual influences with special emphasis on grandparents in rural and farm environments, and gender differences in grandparents' and grandchildren's experiences. The second part focuses on the dynamics and contingencies of grandparenting. Chapters address transitions in grandparents' lives, grandparents' roles, the impact of grandparenting on grandchildren, and grandparenting under special circumstances, such as divorce and surrogate parenting. The third part deals with interventions in grandparenting. Specific issues addressed are clinical interventions and therapy with extended families, policies concerning grandparents' visitations and grandparents as surrogates parents and programs for grandparents. The book's concluding chapter offers suggestions for future research. The work has an extensive comprehensive bibliography and index.
