http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23908 double degree
double degree
How to improve the business double degree program between Oulu University of Applied Sciences and Neu-Ulm University of Applied Sciences
The world is becoming ever more international and graduates are expected to have international experience in order to make it in the world and to distinguish them from the other job applicants. The double degree program is a way for universities to answer to this growing need. The international double degree is a program where students will gain two degree diplomas by studying at two different universities in two different countries during the same time as it would normally take them to finish only one degree. This Bachelor’s Thesis focuses on finding the challenges in the business double degree program between Oulu University of Applied Sciences and Neu-Ulm University of Applied Sciences. The program consists of two parts, where the student will firstly spend two years at the home university and then transfer for 18 months to the partner university. Through this program the student will be awarded with a Bachelor of Business Administration from Oulu and a Bachelor of Arts from Neu-Ulm. The focus of this study is towards the exchange period of Oulu students in Neu-Ulm. A benchmarking study with the Technische Universität München and with the University of Mannheim was established to compare the selection process and the curriculum of the business double degree program. In addition, interviews were conducted with the business double degree students, double degree coordinators and with the International Offices of both universities. Through these, strengths and challenges were gathered.It became clear that the current program has challenges in the information flow, selection process, in the requirements for German language from students from Oulu and the current procedure concerning the repeat examinations. The author recommended ways in which these aspects could be developed, such as establishing a common information platform available for everyone in contact with the double degree and offering the students the possibility to do repeat examinations in their home university. Furthermore, the selection process and criteria should be jointly agreed upon and the requirements for the high level of German knowledge should be reexamined. Through these actions the program could be improved further. There also rose a need for more research made about the double degrees in general as well as a follow-up survey in this business double degree program once there are more students taking part in it. Furthermore, a global research on the best-of-class double degree program should be conducted.
Double Degree Programmes in the Internationalisation in Higher Education Institutions : Case Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences,  Business School
Transatlantic dual degree programme in nursing : transatlantic degree project
The challenge of culture in student exchange : case H.O.T.E.L. Atlantis, first cohort
