http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23912 food tourism
food tourism culinary tourism
Changes in the hospitality industry : viewpoints on the hotel, restaurant and tourism field
Niche tourism : contemporary issues, trends and cases
Key concepts in tourist studies
The overall objective of this product based thesis is to build and market Philippine Tourism in Finland by introducing Philippine Culture by means of Philippine Cuisine and Philippine Music via website. Through this, it will bring Philippines closer to the “net surfers” especially Finnish though we all know how far is Philippines by miles from Europe. Through the website which is like a bridge, we can build more interest and Philippines could be one of their destination on their next journey.Matkafil.fi aims to build a doorway for travellers preferably Finnish not only to travel but realize the interest of going and experiencing what Philippines is. Once they visit the site, they will be motivated, gets, interested, and more curious about Philippines. After that, they can join and visit some organizations or events in Finland arrange by Filipinos and Finnish and they could also get more information about the Philippines, and experience Philippines in Finland. By this, some of them would like to know and experience deeper and later decides to go and experience Philippine Tourism. It aims also to give information about where they will find some of the necessary information a tourist interests. Although the website could be expanded and improve in the future for other markets like Europeans, this product is focused upon the Marketing of Philippine Tourism. The website introduces also other important links of events, organizations, and agencies or airlines related to Philippines.The purpose of this thesis is to show that there are different aspects in Philippine tourism that we can use and introduce to get the others interested. In this website, we focused in the Philippine cuisine or food aspect and music aspect as restaurants and entertainment are parts of tourism. The author of this product-based thesis, undergone some website tutorials, uses the experiences to form a good imagination of the website outcome, collected some data and information used in the content of the website, searched for hosts and registered the product to start it working.     The completion of the product website was achieved in the month of October 2011 which has started since May 2011 pages by pages. Registration and Revisions of the website took place in November 2011 before the presentation of the thesis.
The land where lemons grow : the story of Italy and its citrus fruit
Ireland : the taste & the country
Poppy Cannon's eating European abroad and at home : vol. 1
Catalonia : traditions, places, wine and food
Anderson's travel companion : a guide to the best non-fiction and fiction for travelling
Culinary tourism
Japanese tourism and travel culture
Tea and tourism : tourists, traditions and transformations
European festival food
Tourism : the business of travel
Go slow Italy : special places to stay, slow travel and slow food
Porta Palazzo : the anthropology of an Italian market
Special interest tourism : context and cases
Tasting tourism : travelling for food and drink
Food tourism around the world : development, management and markets
Sustainable culinary systems : local foods, innovation, tourism and hospitality
This thesis was commissioned by SYMBIO, the learning forum for the HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences and companies. The guideline was to study and benchmark food tourism services, due to the fact that currently there are few food tourism services in Porvoo. The objective of this thesis is to illuminate the relatively new concept of food tourism and to study the current state of food tourism in the city. The purpose was to explore the aptitude and willingness of entrepreneurs to develop this concept in Porvoo. The theoretical framework is based on the definition of food tourism as well as means for developing it. The thesis has a developmental orientation. Benchmarking is employed for finding examples from other instances that have successfully developed food tourism at their destinations. The approach of the study was qualitative. Data were gathered through semi-structured interviews in five companies in Porvoo and by means of one open interview and one e-mail interview. All of the companies work with food and/or tourism. The interviews were conducted between March 2009 and November 2009.    The results indicate that there are few food tourism products in Porvoo yet, however, the entrepreneurs are interested in this phenomenon and regard Porvoo as a city with a lot of potential. The results suggest that if there were a leader in charge of the developing process, entrepreneurs would consider taking part in it. Accordingly, Porvoo Tours is perceived as the most potential leader. Moreover, the importance of co-operation was emphasized. Premium Visit -network is seen as a beneficial network and an important tool in developing food tourism in Porvoo. Finally, the rich history and locality pride are seen as the biggest assets. In conclusion, the study reveals new perspectives of developing tourism in Porvoo. The city has a lot to offer. The results can be used in the future if further development of food tourism is launched in the city. More research is still required due to the unexplored nature of the topic.
Tourism. 2, student's book
Food tourism : a practical marketing guide
The travelling tea shop
Sustainable tourism in Southern Africa : local communities and natural resources in transition
Au revoir to all that : food, wine and the end of France
The food lover's guide to Paris : the best restaurants, bistros, cafes, markets, bakeries, and more
Shopping for food and drink in Nothern France and Belgium
Food and travel
Wine, food, and tourism marketing
Food and travel : Helsinki
Jamie does... : Spain, Italy, Sweden, Morocco, Greece, France : easy twists on classic dishes inspired by my travels
Food tourism around the world : development, management, and markets
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Vegan menu as a decisive factor when booking a cruise through the Baltic Sea
The Food and Folklore Reader is the first comprehensive introduction to folklore methods and concepts relevant to food. Mapping the study of food through key sources in folkloristics, the forty readings span the entire discipline: from seminal works on identity and aesthetics, to innovative scholarship on contemporary food issues such as food security and culinary tourism. The book also features: - Expert commentary and comprehensive introductions to each of the book's five parts by renowned folklorist and food scholar Lucy M. Long - Global coverage, with examples from the United States, Canada, Australia, Europe, Jewish and Filipino culture, and much more - Questions for discussion and suggestions for further reading – supporting learning and encouraging students to explore these ideas in their own work. Definitive in scale and scope, this book defines the field of food and folklore for a new generation of students. An essential resource for all students in food studies, folklore studies, cultural studies, and anthropology.
Food, agri-culture and tourism : linking local gastronomy and rural tourism : interdisciplinary perspectives
Cultural tourism : papers presented at The Robert Gordon University Heritage Convention 1994
Tasty Britain : best eating experiences
Food lover's guide to the world: experience the great global cuisines
Colour of Maroc : a celebration of food & life
Food lover's guide to the world : experience the great global cuisines
Culinary tourism : the hidden harvest : a dozen hot and fresh reasons how culinary tourism creates economic and community development
The camper van bible : live, eat, sleep (repeat)
Foodies and food tourism
Marketing Philippine tourism in Finland via website : Philippine cuisine and music
Tourism and agriculture : new geographies of consumption, production and rural restructuring
The illuminating traveler : expressions of the ineffability of the sublime
The world's best street food : where to find it & how to make it
Implementing existing theories in developing a gastronomic tourism destination : case Kyrö Distillery Company
Roaming Midsomer : walking and eating in the murderous heart of England
Quiet London : food & drink
Introduction to hospitality
The food and folklore reader
Tourism is the fourth biggest industry in the world. This book for students of tourism contains concise and authoritative entries on planning tourism, sustainable tourism, festivals and events and much more. It offers the basic materials, tools and guidance for making sense of tourism and gaining the best results in essays and exams.
Costs of food service and their impact on profitability in farmhouse holidays
Food and wine tourism : integrating food, travel, and territory
Heritage cuisines : traditions, identities and tourism
2050 - tomorrow's tourism
Just visiting : how travel has enlightened lives and viewpoints throughout history
Slow tourism : experiences and mobilities
Spain gourmetour : worldwide resurgence of a Spanish Christmas tradition
Around the world in eighty meals
Tourism in the Muslim world
The future of food tourism : foodies, experiences, exclusivity, visions and political capital
The new agritourism : hosting community and tourists on your farm
Spices and tourism : destinations, attractions and cuisines
HOSTING A MEMORABLE EVENT : Case: Food Festival in Ostrobothnia
The SAS world-wide restaurant cookbook
The Oxford handbook of food history
Poppy Cannon's eating European abroad and at home : vol. 2
The Taste of Ireland : Landscape, Culture & food
Best of selects
Food and wine events in Europe : a stakeholder approach
Local food and community development
From The Source - Japan : authentic recipes from the people that know them best
Food tourism and regional development : networks, products and trajectories
Local food & tourism international conference : Larnaka, Cyprus 9 - 11 November 2000.
Gastronomy, tourism and the media
Taste of Australia : matkaehdotuksia, ravintolasuosituksia, reseptejä
Food trails : plan 52 perfect weekends in the world's tastiest destinations
China welcomes you = Zhongguo huanying nin
Have fork will travel : a practical handbook for food & drink tourism professionals
Food & drink tourism : principles and practice
Developing food tourism in Porvoo
Tourism and gastronomy
