http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23990 lies
lies
"Thomas Carson offers the most comprehensive and up-to-date investigation of moral and conceptual questions about lying and deception. Part I addresses conceptual questions and offers definitions of lying, deception, and related concepts such as withholding information, 'keeping someone in the dark', and 'half truths'. Part II deals with questions in ethical theory. Carson argues that standard debates about lying and deception between act-utilitarians and their critics are inconclusive because they rest on appeals to disputed moral intuitions. He defends a version of the golden rule and a theory of moral reasoning. His theory implies that there is a moral presumption against lying and deception that causes harm - a presumption at least as strong as that endorsed by act-utilitarianism. He uses this theory to justify his claims about the issues he addresses in Part III: deception and withholding information in sales, deception in advertising, bluffing in negotiations, the duties of professionals to inform clients, lying and deception by leaders as a pretext for fighting wars, and lying and deception about history (with special attention to the Holocaust), and cases of distorting the historical record by telling half-truths. Carson concludes with a qualified defence of the view that honesty is a virtue."--BOOK JACKET.
The first true lie
Straight up
The forgotten garden
Moonglow : a novel
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
My wicked little lies
Estranged for years after the disappearance of their sister, trophy wife Claire and struggling single mom Lydia are reunited by the murder of Claire's husband and investigate decades of family secrets to discover the truth.
Don't stand so close
Folk tales, tall tales, trickster tales, and legends of the supernatural from the Pinelands of New Jersey
In the blood
Wool
Undercover
The other child
The importance of being married
Closing the ring
The truth and other lies
His other life
Ghost flower
The letters of Ivor Punch
n the summer of 1935, 13-year-old Briony Tallis wildly misinterprets the relationship between her sister Cecilia and Robbie Turner, childhood friends home from Cambridge. So when her young cousin is assaulted, Briony gives in to her hyperactive imagination and blames the atrocity on Robbie. It is a terrible decision that alters lives and fills Briony with an everlasting sense of guilt / WorldCat.
The philosophy of deception
The confidence game : why we fall for it ... every time
The girl on the train
The body language of liars : from little white lies to pathological deception : how to see through the fibs, frauds, and falsehoods people tell you every day
True and false intentions : mental images of the future
Liars and outliers : enabling the trust that society needs to thrive
I'll give you the sun
From London with love
Believing the lie : an Inspector Lynley novel
Lying and deception : theory and practice
The catch
Just go with it
Schroder : a novel
The bad girl
Precocious
The whopper
Believing the lie : the new Inspector Lynley novel
Dreams of joy
The song house
A great deliverance
The lie
Elizabeth Barber is crossing the Atlantic by liner with her perfectly adequate boyfriend, Derek, who might be planning to propose. In fleeing the UK - temporarily - Elizabeth may also be in flight from her past and the charismatic Arthur, once her partner in what she came to see as a series of crimes. Together they acted as fake mediums, perfecting the arcane skills practised by effective frauds. Elizabeth finally rejected what once seemed an intoxicating game. Arthur continued his search for the right way to do wrong. The pair still meet occasionally, for weekends of sexual oblivion, but their affection lacerates as much as it consoles. She hadn't, though, expected the other man on the boat...
Detecting lies about past and future actions : the strategic use of evidence (SUE) technique and suspects' strategies
The truth according to Arthur
"No telling" : secrecy, lies, and history
Spy the lie : former CIA officers teach you how to detect deception
Strictly between us
A place for us
The other widow
Deception in selection : interviewees and the psychology of deceit
Keep your friends close
Dissimulation and the culture of secrecy in early modern Europe
The shift omnibus
The spin
The silent sister
The confidence game : the psychology of the con and why we fall for it every time
The lie tree
The blue book
Baby be mine
Behind closed doors
Detecting lies and deceit : pitfalls and opportunities
The (honest) truth about dishonesty : how we lie to everyone - especially ourselves
Missing you
The killing season
Six years
The white lie
