http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23906 snow sculptures
snow sculptures
Com Trust : an electrographic expedition to the Arctic Circle : Franz John, Heta Norros, Jürgen O. Olbrich, Lieve Prins
Snow and ice : [a study project] : [exhibitions: University of Art and Design UIAH, Galleria Atski 18. -29.3.1996, University of Lappland 2. - 15.5.1996, Arctic Center 20.5. - 17.6.1996] / [editors: Markku Hakuri... [at al.]
The project is aimed at combining design competence, Lapland's winter arts and events, and snow and ice construction technologies in order to develop an export product in cooperation with educational organisations and businesses. The objective is to develop an internationally competitive service innovation product to leverage Lapland's versatile expertise of snow-related technologies and applications in different events and offerings of the tourism industry. Businesses work together with educational organisations on the design and implementation of different types of snow and ice environments and the development of marketing concepts throughout the project. The working methods and latest technical data of user-oriented design, service design, environmental & community art and the adventure activity industry are exploited and leveraged in project activities. The project is based on collecting, combining, disseminating and applying multidisciplinary knowledge. Businesses can increase their know-how in the development of demanding snow and ice technology applications by using their combined resources and versatile expertise areas. Lapland Snow Design provides opportunities for groundbreaking product development and creates inroads to new international markets. The project is co-funded by the Regional Council of Lapland / The European Regional Development Fund (ERDF), University of Lapland, Rovaniemi University of Applied Sciences, Rovaniemi Regional Development Agency, Valosa Oy, Arctice Oy, Snowflake Oy / Arctic Snow Hotel Oy and SnowKemi / IP-Heikkilä Oy.
Snow and ice : [a study project]
The definitive book about Icehotel art & design
The snow show
The Snow Show : Rovaniemi / Kemi 12.2. - 31.3.2004
Snowmen : snow creatures, crafts, and other winter projects
Juhani Lillberg : creative administrator
Winter art as an experience
Snow - ice - sculpture : international cooperation in snow and ice scupture / publ. by Association for Artistic Sculpture of Lapland, Association Internationale de Sculpture sur Neige et Glace
La Fête de l'hiver en images = Take the Chill out of Winter
Snow design from Lapland : initiating cooperation
Community arts projects and virtual learning environments : the need for web-based communication in Lapland and in the Barents region
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland: action research in snow and ice design
The snow show, Santa Claus and Kalervo Palsa / Kalle Lampela
Snow bear
Summary.
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland : action research in snow and ice design
Snow - ice - sculpture : international cooperation in snow and ice sculpture
Finlandia Biennale XXXVI Venezia : [Harry Kivijärvi - Pentti Lumikangas] / Accademia di Belle Arti in Finlandia = The Fine Arts Academy of Finland = Exposion organiseé par l'Académie de Beaux Arts de Finlande
Snow play : how to make forts & slides & winter campfires plus the coolest Loch Ness monster and 23 other brilliant projects in the snow
A wanderer in the landscape : reflections on the relationship between art and the Northern environment
