http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23997 polysaccharides
polysaccharides
Comprehensive glycoscience : from chemistry to systems biology
Polysaccharides : structural diversity and functional versatility
Glycosyl hydrolases for biomass conversion
EPNOE 2009 : Polysaccharides as a source of advanced materials : September 21-24, 2009 Turku/Åbo, Finland : abstracts
Immunosuppressive activity of polysaccharides from Cordyceps gunnii mycelia in mice in vivo/vitro
Methods for reducing the alkali amount during alkaline extraction of xylan
Specific and cross-reactive antibody response to typhoid vaccination in humans
Chemical and functional properties of food saccharides
Modification of native and waste starch by depolymerization and cationization : utilization of modified starch in binding of heavy metal ions from an aqueous solution
Non-enzymatic degradation of (1→3)(1→4)-β-D-glucan in aqueous processing of oats
Physico-chemical properties of plant polysaccharides investigated with NMR techniques
A specificity determination of an anti-dextran antibody
Thermal properties of green polymers and biocomposites
Polysaccharides. 2
Plant based specialty products and biopolymers : report from a NJK-seminar 1996
Identification of extractives and polysaccharides as foulants in mebrane filtration of pulp and paper mill effluents
Biosynthesis of Yersinia enterocolitica serotype O:3 lipopolysaccharide outer core
Biopolymers. Volume 5, Polysaccharides I: polysaccharides from prokaryotes
Physical and nutritional properties of polysaccharides in extruded fish feed = Fysiske og ernæringsmessige egenskaper til polysakkarider i ekstrudert fiskefôr
In vitro synthesis and structural analysis of selected acceptor products of Weissella confusa VTT E-90392 dextransucrase
Functional properties of food macromolecules
Polysaccharides. 1, Structure, characterization and use
Bacterial polysaccharides : current ovations and future trends
The effect of structure on the dilute solution properties of branched polysaccharides studied with SEC and AsFlFFF
Mannans as film formers and emulsion stabilizers
Texture in food. Vol. 1, Semi-solid foods
Activation of the Inflammasome by (1,3)-β-Glucans and Trichothecene Mycotoxins in Human Macrophages
Functionalization of dextran, xylan and nanofibrillated cellulose using click-chemistry in aqueous media
Starch is one of the most abundant polysaccharides found in nature and is widely utilized in various fields of industry. Due to the complex structure of native starch it is insoluble in most organic solvents and needs modification prior utilization. In this study, ionic liquids (ILs), modern green chemistry alternatives for common solvents were used as reaction media in starch modification.At first various starch species were depolymerized in 1-allyl-3-methylimidazolium chloride ([AMIM]Cl) with p-TsOH as a catalyst. Microwave activation or conventional bath heating were used as heating methods while HPLC-ELSD was used as an analytical method. All studied starch species depolymerized similarly into water-soluble starch oligomers while microwave activation shortened the depolymerization time considerably compared to oil bath heating.Barley starch was chosen for further experiments, in which various ILs were studied as potential media for starch dissolution and depolymerization. Results suggested that both the anion and the cation part of the IL had an effect on the dissolution and depolymerization of barley starch. After the depolymerization reactions, the depolymerized barley starch was further modified by cationization. [AMIM]Cl was used as the reaction media, microwave activation as the heating method while HPLC-ELSD, 1H NMR and elemental analysis were used as analytical methods. The modified products had DS values from 0.2 to 0.5 depending on the reaction conditions. The products were studied as potential binding agents for heavy metal ions which showed that moderately substituted modified starch (DS 0.4) could be used to bind Cu(II), Fe(III) and Zn(II) ions from an aqueous solution.Finally, potato peel waste was studied as an alternative starch source to produce cationized starch for wastewater purification. Peel waste was pre-treated by alkaline depolymerization after which it was cationized in a water solution to produce cationized products with DS from 0 to 0.35. The cationized peel waste products were studied preliminary as binding agents for Cu(II) ions from a water solution using ICP-OES as an analytical method. The results suggested that when the molar ratio between cationized waste starch and copper was 3:1, cationized waste starch was an effective binding agent for copper ions.
Biopolymers. Volume 6, Polysaccharides II : polysaccharides from eukaryotes
Enzymes hydrolysing wood polysaccharides : a progress curve study of oligosaccharide hydrolysis by two cellobiohydrolases and three [beta]-mannanases
Water-soluble polysaccharides and phenolic compounds in Norway spruce and scots pine stemwood and knots
Rheology of industrial polysaccharides : theory and applications
Complex carbohydrates in foods : the report of the British Nutrition Foundation's task force
Polysaccharide building blocks : a sustainable approarch to the development of renewable biomaterials
Food polysaccharides and their applications
Regioselective modifications of galactose-containing polysaccharides in aqueous media
