http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23949 pole dance
pole dance pole fitness
Ballroom dancing : a comprehensive guide for dancers of all levels
Ballroom dancing / Step-by-Step
Pole dancing fitness syllabus : the Pole Dance Community syllabus - 2013
The Ultimate... Ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 7, "Beautiful things"
Discover dance : ballroom
Goddess Star Monroe's pole essentials
The music of France
The passion of music and dance : body, gender and sexuality
Vertical athlete : fundamentals of training for pole fitness and dance
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 16, "Temptation"
Argentine tango : a guide to basics and beyond
The Joy of dancing : ballroom, latin and rock/jive for absolute beginners of all ages
Let's dance Latin American : volume 5
The Thirties. Part Three
The Ultimate... Ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 2.
The best... of ballroom music. 16 : original hits for ballroom dancing
A technique of advanced standard ballroom figures
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 14, "L'Italiano"
Modern ballroom dancing
Masters of modern. One
Ballroom elegance
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 14, Victor & Anna
Mel Bay presents the best of vintage dance : a treasure of waltzes, two steps, one steps, fox trots, tangos, ragtime novelties and grand marches
The ultimate... Ballroom album. 3: original music for ballroom dancing
Tango nostalgia : the language of love and longing : Finnish culture in tango lyrics discourses : a contrastive semiotic and cultural approach to the tango
Superhythm fun : 10 modern dances : Miniature dances for classroom instruments and voice
Tango : sex and rhythm of the city
Technique of ballroom dancing : the tango & basic principles
The Irvine legacy
Tango argentino : the technique
The next steps : the joy of dancing : ballroom, Latin and jive for social dancers af all ages
Masters of modern. 13.
Argentine tango : a guide to basics and beyond (part 1)
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing & listening. 12, Anything goes
World Dancesport Federation: tango
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 11, "Two of a kind"
¡Tango! : the dance, the song, the story
The Ultimate... Ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 3.
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 15, "Reaching for the moon"
Tangos, milongas and other Latin-American Dances for Solo Piano
Ballroom favourites
World of Standardtänze. Vol. 2.
Cultural dynamics and minority identity in music : an ethnomusicological case study of the Swedish-Finnish popular music in the dancehalls of Gothenburg. (1)
Corporealities : dancing, knowledge, culture and power
Pole dancing, empowerment and embodiment
The technique of ballroom dancing
The ultimate ballroom album 6 : original music for dancing & listening. 6, "Hello young lovers"
The world of the tango : 20 tango classics : The tango kings
The Art of pole dancing : a spin-by-spin guide
The ultimate... Ballroom album. 1: original music for ballroom dancing
The ballroom dance pack
A ground-breaking collection of essays that bring dance into the cultural studies mainstream, exploring the many ways we use our bodies as substantial, vital constituents of cultural reality.
Technique of ballroom dancing
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango, samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance - step-by-step
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 17, "For you"
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 18, "The way you look tonight"
Pole dance and fitness : technique manual
The art of Ballroom
Tango : the rhythm and movement of Buenos Aires
Gold standard. 2
Long after nidnight at the Niño Bien : a yanqui's missteps in Argentina
Tango : the dance, the song, the story
The ultimate... Ballroom album. 2: original music for ballroom dancing
The meaning of tango : the story of the Argentinian dance
Ancona open ballroom. 5.
World of Standardtänze. Vol. 2
World masters voice. 2, Standard and latin dances
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 13, "All or nothing at all"
Ballroom dancing : step-by-step
Gold Star Ballroom : Tango
Toivo Kärki sings and swings and plays Toivo Kärki on his own piano and others
World dance. Tango
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance-step-by-step!
The world of ballroom dance
