http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23910 wine tourism
wine tourism
From cultural tourism to creative tourism : proceedngs of the ATLAS international conference, Barcelona, 2005.. Part 4, Changing experiences - the development of creative tourism
Empordà wine tourism guide : 180 places to visit and enjoy wine tourism including more than 200 recommended wines
Tasting tourism : travelling for food and drink
Agritourism : tourism, farm, list of wine- producing regions, ranch, guest ranch, agricultural show, Troodos mountains, corn maze, forestry, pizza farm, geotourism, silos & smokestacks
Food tourism around the world : development, management and markets
California : Napa and Sonoma : guide
Tourism and recreation in rural areas
Sustainable culinary systems : local foods, innovation, tourism and hospitality
The Vintage Caper
Tourism in the twenty-first century : reflections on experience
North American wine routes : a travel guide to wines & vines, from Napa to Nova Scotia
Tasting the good life : wine tourism in the Napa Valley
Food and wine festivals and events around the world : development, management and markets
Niche tourism : contemporary issues, trends and cases
Rural tourism and sustainable business
Wine Trails : 52 perfect weekends in wine country
Celebrity vineyards : from Napa to Tuscany in search of great wine
American wino : a tale of reds, whites, and one man's blues
Tourism and agriculture : new geographies of consumption, production and rural restructuring
New vessels inspire new Baltic cuisine
You find yourself in rustic, pre-modern Tuscany, where you’ve inherited a meager vineyard. You own a few plots of land, an old crush pad, a tiny cellar, 3 workers…and the dream of owning the best winery in Italy. Your job is to allocate your workers and helpful visitors to complete various tasks throughout the year. Each season is different on a vineyard, so the workers have different tasks they can take care of in the summer and winter. There’s competition over those tasks, and often the first worker to arrive at each one has an advantage over the rest. Using those workers and visitors, you can expand your vineyard by building structures, planting vines, and filling wine orders as you work towards the goal of owning the most successful winery in Tuscany.
Hospitality, tourism, and lifestyle concepts : implications for quality management and customer satisfaction
Food and wine events in Europe : a stakeholder approach
The concise atlas of German wines
Au revoir to all that : food, wine and the end of France
Abstract.
Shopping for food and drink in Nothern France and Belgium
Catalonia : traditions, places, wine and food
New trends and social media in wine tourism : case study Quinta do Vallado, Sociedade Agrícola
Africa uncorked : travels in extreme wine territory
Wine tourism around the world : development, management and markets
Marketing of tourism experiences
Tourism and well-being : symposium proceedings : the 2nd Tourism Industry and Education Symposium, May 16-18, 2002, Jyväskylä, Finland
Wine, food, and tourism marketing
Have fork will travel : a practical handbook for food & drink tourism professionals
Northern California wine country
Food & drink tourism : principles and practice
From production to consumption
Food and wine tourism : integrating food, travel, and territory
Wine travel guide to the world
Global wine tourism : research, management and marketing
Tourism management : analysis, behaviour, and strategy
The objective of this thesis was to explore what has been implemented worldwide in wineries and hotels to further improve wine tourism activities and its attractiveness. The aim was to implement the case study and to obtain information on how to enhance operations in the field. The use of so called Web 2.0 sites as a marketing tool for wine tourism was also addressed in this research. The theoretical framework of the study is based literature on tourism, marketing in tourism, product development, and social media. The study was conducted by a qualitative research. The first step was to elaborate on a benchmarking study through 63 wineries all over the world, including Portugal, Spain, France, South Africa, the USA, and Argentina, to understand the new trends. Another data source was the analysis of the interviews done with Mr Ilkka Sirén, a social media and wine expert, and Mr Francisco Cabral from Quinta do Vallado. The analysis of the results indicates a clear tendency from the wineries to improve their facilities through an attractive architecture project which is also modern and technologically advanced. In terms of activities, the main focus is on art and innovative and unique experiences. Concerning the social media combined with the wine tourism, the study shows that this tool is and will be fundamental for brand establishing and awareness. The analysis of Quinta do Vallado shows that its strategy of building modern and technologically advanced facilities is putting it into the core of worldwide trends. However, there is still a need of improvement in terms of unique and innovative experiences and in the use of the social media, which despite being already settled is not yet being used at full power.
Exploring the Alsace Wine Route : study tour 2013
Wine and identity : branding, heritage, terroir
Spain gourmetour : worldwide resurgence of a Spanish Christmas tradition
Wine tourism and wine gastronomy in Tokay-Hegyalja
Oz Clarke's wine companion: champagne and alsace : guide
Oz Clarke's wine companion : Tuscany : guide
Food, agri-culture and tourism : linking local gastronomy and rural tourism : interdisciplinary perspectives
European gastronomy into the 21st century
Oz Clarke's wine companion: south of France : southern Rhõne, Provence, Languedoc-Roussillon: guide
Special interest tourism : context and cases
Wine trails : plan 52 perfect weekends in wine country
Touring in wine country : Alsace
The wine atlas of France and traveller's guide to the vineyards
