http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23968 vulgarism
vulgarism
Toppamono : outlaw, radical, suspect : my life in Japan's underworld
Roots of street style
Holy shit : a brief history of swearing
Making teaching work : teaching smarter in post-compulsory education
Planning a training of customer service quality for front line employees in hospitality industry in Finland
Engineering education : research and development in curriculum and instruction
Unlucky ship
Twin-singleton differences among ESL students : a study of affective and cognitive factors at the age of 12
Eternal Chanel : an icon's inspiration
The technological explosion and free access to information have transformed our world in something very different than even ten years ago. An immense surge of creativity has imbued our lives from technology to entertainment, thus allowing the creative industries to develop at a fast pace. But what is required from a professional working in the creative industry today to be successful, and how to become one? To answer this question, a qualitative research was conducted in the field of design, animation and games, which uncovered that what defines professional literacy today besides knowledge are endurance in face of change, self-reliance, intellectual curiosity, motivation, versatility, a desire to learn new things, a can-do attitude and an ability to communicate across a wide range of tools and specialties. These skills are built and maintained through continuous learning, which can become challenging if not done correctly. The good news is that learning itself is a skill that can be cultivated so that when implemented the right way it is productive and satisfying. The paper presents the latest findings about how learning can become a rewarding and successful lifelong endeavour. Lastly, the validity of those conclusions was tested in practice through a personal learning project of creating a 3D animation. The practical implementation confirmed that if the terms required for a successful outcome are in place and the learning methods applied consistently, the desired goal can be reached through a fulfilling and exciting learning experience.
20/20 : 20 new sounds of the 20th century
William Morris (1834-1896)
Composing the music of Africa : composition, interpretation and realisation
Interactional strategies in foreign language education : a case study of a sixth grade English class
Mastering fashion styling
The story of film
The Warhol look : glamour, style, fashion
A type detective story : episode one : the crime scene
Becoming professionally literate in the creative industry
Fashion forecasting
Proceedings of research and academic papers. Volume VII, The Society of Travel and Tourism Educators Annual Conference, Denver, Colorado, November 9-12, 1995
Classic typefaces : American type and type designers
20th century fashion
Music since 1900
Type : a visual history of typefaces and graphic styles. vol. 1, 1628-1900
Community resilience and wellbeing in Northwest Russian forestry settlements
D!irty Spanish workbook : 101 fun exercises filled with slang, sex and swearing
Dictionary of Russian obscenities = Slovar' necenzurnyh slov
The hospitality industry is continuously looking for ways to improve its service. It is under-standable that the customer experience very often starts with the contact of front line employees. Therefore, basic skills and knowledge should be acquired in order to provide customer service quality, which can be achieved through training, as the thesis will show.    The present thesis is project-based  and was set to plan training on customer service quality by using academic research, the practices of leaders in the industry and the authors' own experience. The theoretical framework started by establishing the format of the training discussing topics such as: learning styles; training; and teaching tools. Customer service quality theory; selling; job satisfaction; and team work were to provide the information on the skills and knowledge to be transmitted in the training. The result can be used as a guideline to build an effective training about customer service quality where the learning experience of the listener would be maximised.    In order to create an understandable setting of factors of customer service quality, the deter-minants of service quality, found in the literature, together with the aspects of selling, job satisfaction and teamwork have been redefined. This process is elucidated in the “Easy Customer Service Quality” model, which is the skeleton design of the training.    The attachments include a general curriculum, PowerPoint presentation and handout as a result of the thesis project. Those are intended to be used as tools to plan the training about customer service quality. The general curriculum gets hold of key principles that should be taken into account. The PowerPoint presentation shows a simple layout with note pages of what should be discussed. Finally, the handout is a model that follows the theories put across earlier in the paper.
Innovations 2005 - Special edition : world innovations in engineering education and reseach
An A-Z of type designers
Scandinavian shipping culture
So euyl to rewlyn : madness and authority in 'The book of Margery Kempe'
The stylemakers : minimalism and classic modernism 1915-1945
Dirty Spanish : everyday slang from "What's up?" to "F*%# off!"
Type : a visual history of typefaces and graphic styles. volume 2, 1901-1938
Handwritten : expressive lettering in the digital age
Style me vintage : hair : easy step-by-step techniques for creating classic hairstyles
Out of sorts : on typography and modern theories of print culture
Mentoring and supervision in healthcare
Street style : from sidewalk to catwalk
The skills, language learning strategies and study experiences of Finnish 6th-grade EFL students with English as the first or second foreign language
Clothes & your appearance
Goth Chic : A connoisseur' s guide to dark culture
Principles of accessibility and design in English texts : research in progress 2
Toward a profession : clinical learning in a hospital environment as described by student nurses
Professional writing : the complete guide for business, industry and IT
Substandard elements in Alan Sillitoe's Saturday night and Sunday morning, The loneliness of the long-distance runner, and A start in life
Chanel
Twentieth century type designers
Perspectives on the age of the information society
Developing lexical competence : the influence of the learning method and style on young learners' vocabulary acquisition
Towards active learning : a case study on active learning in a small rural school in Finland
Fashion design
International dictionary of obscenities : a guide to dirty words and indecent expressions in Spanish, Italian, French, German, Russian : by Christina Kunitskaya-Peterson
It
Kuvitettu sanakirja suomi-englanti-suomi = Illustrated building dictionary Finnish-English-Finnish
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 1.
Cursing in America : a psycholinguistic study of dirty language in the courts, in the movies, in the schoolyards and on the streets
Key concepts for the fashion industry
Curriculum building in nursing : a process
Shakespeare's bawdy : with a foreword by Stanley Wells
