http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23929 electronic archives
electronic archives digital archives
Deep time of the museum : the materiality of media infrastructures
Healthcare informatics : improving efficiency and productivity
Making archives accessible : increasing pluriformity in pursuing illusions
This ebook presents an account of Hereford Cathedral, its buildings and development from the Anglo-Saxon times to the 20th century and looks at its institutional history, musical tradition, cathedral school, archives and library, as well as its surroundings and dependent buildings, giving a good introduction to the Cathedral and its rich background.
Building trustworthy digital repositories : theory and implementation
Digital historical maps. 2, Report from WP2 : Specification of system functionality
13 case studies illustrate archival practitioners' own experiences in creating blogs, wikis, and interactive websites, and contributing to sites such as Flickr, YouTube, Wikipedia, and Second Life.
Research in the archival multiverse
Conceptualizing 21st-century archives
Digital media : technological and social challenges of the interactive world
Interreg PACS : final report : project 02/10/64, fimos 106404 : Southern Finland Coastal Zone Interreg IIIA Joint Programme
African studies in the digital age : DisConnects?
On long-term digital preservation information systems : a framework and characteristics for development
Issue Mapping for an Ageing Europe
Implementing Open Access mandates in Europe : OpenAIRE Study on the Development of Open Access Repository Communities in Europe
What are archives? : cultural and theoretical perspectives : a reader
Essays on libraries, cultural heritage and freedom of information
Principles of appraisal and their application in electronic environment : European models and concepts
International evaluation of the national archives service of Finland
In the popular imagination, archives are remote, largely obsolete institutions: either antiquated, inevitably dusty libraries or sinister repositories of personal secrets maintained by police states. Yet the archive is now a ubiquitous feature of digital life. Rather than being deleted, e-mails and other computer files are archived. Media software and cloud storage allow for the instantaneous cataloging and preservation of data, from music, photographs, and videos to personal information gathered by social media sites.In this digital landscape, the archival-oriented media theories of Wolfgang Ernst are particularly relevant. Digital Memory and the Archive, the first English-language collection of the German media theorist’s work, brings together essays that present Ernst’s controversial materialist approach to media theory and history. His insights are central to the emerging field of media archaeology, which uncovers the role of specific technologies and mechanisms, rather than content, in shaping contemporary culture and society.Ernst’s interrelated ideas on the archive, machine time and microtemporality, and the new regimes of memory offer a new perspective on both current digital culture and the infrastructure of media historical knowledge. For Ernst, different forms of media systems—from library catalogs to sound recordings—have influenced the content and understanding of the archive and other institutions of memory. At the same time, digital archiving has become a contested site that is highly resistant to curation, thus complicating the creation and preservation of cultural memory and history.
Open access to STM information : trends, models and strategies for libraries
Digital heritage and culture : strategy and implementation
Changing trains at Wigan : digital preservation and the future of scholarship
Digital scholarship
Digital historical maps. 8, Report from WP8 : Market Activities
Files : law and media technology
Open source archive : towards open and sustainable digital archives
Within the past 15 years, the field of archival studies around the world has experienced unprecedented growth, both within the academy and the profession, and archival studies graduate education programs today have among the highest enrolments in any information field. During the same period, there has also been unparalleled expansion and innovation in the diversity of methods and theories being applied in archival scholarship. Global in scope, Research in the Archival Multiverse compiles critical and reflective essays across a wide range of emerging research areas and interests in archival studies with the aim of providing current and future archival academics with a text addressing possible methods and theoretical frameworks that have been and might be used in archival scholarship. More than a collation of research methods for handy reference, this volume advocates for reflexive research practice as a means by which to lay bare the fuzziness and messiness of research. Whereas research in the form of published research papers and juried conference presentations provide a view of the study framed in terms of research questions and findings, reflexive research practice reveals the context of the study and chains of situations, choices, and decisions that influence the trajectories of the studies themselves. Such elucidations from the position of the researcher are instructive for others, who may be inspired to apply or adapt the method for their own research.
Digital memory and the archive
The concept of record : report from the Second Stockholm Conference on Archival Science and the Concept of Record, 30-31 May 1996.
Digital historical maps. Final comprehensive report
Digital historical maps. 7, Report from WP7 : Production and production methods
Digital historical maps. 9, Report from WP9 : Evaluation of access to the material
Contemporary cabinets of curiosities : capturing environment and experiences into digital collections
Health information technology in community pharmacies : a strategic approach
eHealth and eWelfare of Finland : checkpoint 2011
Guidelines on best practices for using electronic information : how to deal with machine-readable data and electronic documents
The institutional repository
Ethics, accountability, and recordkeeping in a dangerous world
Latin on stone : epigraphic research and electronic archives
Political pressure and the archival record
Summary (s. XIII-XVI).
New strategies : for managing electronic records
Effective approaches for managing electronic records and archives
"This book offers a practical and theoretical examination of issue mapping with digital methodologies. The issue at stake concerns the European population where in the near future the old will outnumber the young, threatening the stability of both pension and healthcare systems, and changing the migration patterns of those who need and who provide care. Drawing on the latest theoretical approaches to issue mapping, the authors put them into practice through online mapping techniques to demonstrate ways of exploring the complex issue of demographics and the debates surrounding data available online. The authors use the websites of non-governmental organizations to locate the ageing issue agenda, and varying levels of attention given to the shared as well as isolated concerns. Online job portals provide data about not only employment opportunities but also the movement of care workers, pointing up potential 'victim states' in the ageing world. Search engine queries are designed to identify cultural philosophies about ageing, not to mention European anti-ageing cuisine" --
Proceedings of the DLM-Forum on Electronic Records, Brussels, 18-20 December 1996.
Putting content online : a practical guide for libraries
Electronic document archiving in Häme Polytechnic
Digital historical maps. 3, Report from WP3 : The DHM homepage and prototype system
Archives in the European Union : report of the group of experts on the coordination of archives
Using technology to manage and improve healthcare projects
Digital applications for cultural and heritage institutions
No innocent deposits : forming archives by rethinking appraisal
Digital historical maps. 4, Report from WP4 : Storage and archiving
Folklore Fellows' Summer School 2015 : Doing folkloristics in the digital age
Digital historical maps. 1, Report from WP1 : Existing systems and demands on user functionality
Electronic evidence : strategies for managing records in contemporary organizations
Report on archives in the enlarged European Union : increased archival cooperation in Europe: action plan
The NEDLIB guidelines : setting up a deposit system for electronic publications
Proceedings of the DLM-Forum on electronic records : European citizens and electronic information: the memory of the Information Society, Brussels, 18-19 October 1999.
The cathedral church of Hereford : a description of its fabric and a brief history of the episcopal see
The state of digital preservation : an international perspective : conference proceedings : Documentation Abstracts, Inc., Institutes for Information Science, Washington, D.C. April 24-25, 2002.
Oral history studies in Latvia
Implementing electronic archiving system at Oetjen Logistik GmbH
eMunch.no : text and image
Managing preservation for libraries and archives : current practice and future developments
Digital historical maps. 5, Report from WP5 : Copyright issues, charging and billing procedures
Digital archaeology : the art and science of digital forensics
Indigenous notions of ownership and libraries, archives and museums
Kalevalaic poetry as a digital corpus
Digital historical maps. 10, Report from WP10 : Evaluation of storage and archiving
A different kind of Web : new connections between archives and our users
Digital communication in medical practice
Proceedings of the DLM-Forum 2002 : access and preservation of electronic information : best practices and solutions, Barcelona, 6-8 May 2002
"This is a book of fresh insights, perspectives, strategies, and approaches for managing electronic records and for addressing the implications for archival programs operating in a digital environment. The authors draw on firsthand experience to present practical solutions, including recommendations for building and sustaining strong electronic records programs." "This book addresses several themes, including: Historical development of digital technologies and their impact on records creation and record-keeping practices; Definition and concept of "electronic record"; Institutional and legal contexts for development of electronic records policies; Roles of archival and records management programs in broader digital initiatives for their parent institutions; Moving from theory to practice; and, Strategies for developing and sustaining successful programs, including leadership approaches, partnering with records creators, fostering development of new knowledge and skills abilities for information professionals, and adapting and customizing programs. Book jacket."--BOOK JACKET.
'The emperor's new clothes' : recordkeeping in a new context
