http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23966 services marketing
services marketing
Marketing beyond the textbook : emerging perspectives in marketing theory and practice
A Research on Service Marketing of Spring Airlines
Connecting cross-cultural studies with service design to adapt services to new markets : a case study at IKEA Alam Sutera, Jakarta
And the clients went wild! : how savvy professionals win all the business they want
The Nordic school : service marketing and management for the future
Customer innovation : customer-centric strategy for enduring growth
With a wide base of examples, Christian Grönroos draws on decades of experience to explain how to manage any organization as a service business and move closer to current and future customers. Service logic and service management are all about customer-focused outside-in management, using current academic research and business practice to make organizations more successful in the service-based economy.
Bank Marketing Management : Case: Sacombank
Services marketing : people, technology, strategy
Calibration Services Markets in Europe : Exploratory Study - Flow, Torque, Force Measurements in Focus
Services marketing : text and cases
Marketing and managing tourism destinations
Evaluation of Customer Service and Resource Usage for the Harbour Office of Kuopio
Summary: 'This is an essential resource for managers and scholars interested in services marketing. It covers the topic comprehensively and in novel ways. All the luminaries in the field are represented. Buy this book and you will be up to date on the field.' - Valarie Zeithaml, UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School, US. The Handbook of Service Marketing Research brings together an all-star team of leading researchers in service marketing to explore many of the hottest topics in service marketing today. Cutting-edge topics include: customer relationships and loyalty, customer-centered metrics, managing customer contacts, product and pricing, digital service marketing, rethinking the marketing function, and service for society. This book, which includes authors from both academia and industry, will provide academics with an invaluable current view of the field and practitioners with a window into the latest academic thinking. With chapters from internationally renowned contributors, this comprehensive yet concise Handbook will appeal to service marketing academics, researchers and service practitioners.
Abstract: On-going change in film consumption - Is online availability disrupting the offline markets? The objective of this study was to look into the online film services in Finland and the theories connected to offering that type of online services. The aim was also to look into these services from the point of view of their disruptiveness to the market. A research was conducted to find out the current status of these online film distributors in Finland from the point of view of the customers. The research was mainly of quantitative nature and it was conducted as an online survey. The survey was answered by 123 people and in addition three persons were interviewed to gather more specific experiences and opinions on certain matters. The research revealed that most of the respondents would be willing to try online film services in the future but only few already had experience in using them. Currently more people seem to rather find films from illegal sources to download or prefer to watch them from DVD's or Blu-rays. The research also gave implications that purchasing content online is not a novelty for people anymore and what seems to keep people from using these online services are preconceptions on, for example, their quality and pricing.
Broadening the Service Offering for Customers of University Properties of Finland
How to make Finnish products and services more popular among Russian customers : the analysis of the existing digital advertising campaigns of Finnish companies in Russia
6 simple steps to 6 figures for the solo service professional : how to create your lifestyle business based on your passion for serving others
Marketing for schools
Placebo is for real : how to apply the placebo effect to consumer marketing
Marketing Auditing Services
User Satisfaction Survey in Business Information Centre
Principles of services marketing
Has been written in a critical scholarly manner at an advanced level for postgraduate students. It is an edited book, taking a global perspective and addressing global trends.
Online Marketing : a Study in E-service Section with a Case Study of Jobstreet.com
On-going change in film consumption - Is online availability disrupting the offline markets?
"This book provides indepth discussion on tactics for improving existing products while inventing completely new products and product categoriess; for those who wish to better understand the importance of marketing products and services across different cultures and multiple languages"--
The mobile revolution : the making of mobile services worldwide
Mobile Internet Start-ups as a Potential Market for Angel Investors
Understanding and managing customers
This product-based thesis was commissioned by the case company, communications agency Helsinki Point Oy. The main objective of this product-based thesis was to develop a strategic marketing plan for the case agency. The purpose was to create a plan which the case agency can utilize immediately to point itself in the right direction in terms of driving awareness and sales in the national and international business-to-business marketing communications market. The thesis resulted in a marketing plan which covers organizational goals, a status review, marketing strategy creation, the division of resources and a first-year marketing plan. In order to successfully complete this product-based thesis, marketing planning steps recommended by the literature were largely followed, with slight modifications in order to better fit the context in which the case agency operates. Throughout this thesis, theoretical sources which provide guidance concerning marketing planning and its specific elements are compared and contrasted. The practical information utilized throughout this thesis was gathered through primary and secondary sources. The primary data source was the CEO of the case agency and the secondary sources were gathered through literature, articles and publications online and in printed form. The product-based thesis report ends with an assessment of the resulting strategic marketing plan, a short examination of the thesis development process and suggestions to the case agency concerning future research topics.
This book is a guide for everyone interested in managing services profitably. It is based on substantial research with leading academic experts whom we call Titans, and provides a practical and insightful frame- work for business leaders, the educational community and students.
Tourism Service Marketing and Development Efforts in Nepal : A Case Study : Alfresco Adventure Private Limited Nepal
Benchmarking international high-technology research laboratories' marketing in Europe
Customer centric approach as a strategic tool in the telecommunication industry : Case Vodafone Ghana
Service marketing. Vol. 1, The development of ideas for the marketing of services
Service profitability : an augmented customer lifetime value approach
Customer Relationship Management in a Tourism Company
Developing a successful marketing plan for HELP JSC
Service co-production facilitation
Virtual goods sales : new requirements for business modelling?
How do customers perceive value-in-use? : empirical insights from bank service stories
Service interest and  cluster membership : who are the pioneering  users in energy efficiency  service markets?
Marketing Plan of Rental Apartments in Costa Blanca for Scandinavians : Case: Zariko Enterprise SL
The Role of Social Media in Russian Tourists' Search for Information
Planning Marketing and Marketing Material for Levi Ice Hotel Luvattumaa
This report represents a thesis plan performed on a bachelor level for International Business degree programme conducted in English. The report contains a thorough outlay of marketing communications plan with a focus on communicating interior design services of the case company Oksa Design Oy to Russian people who own or are planning to own property in Finland. The primary purpose of this report is to find out what kind of marketing strategy should be done to promote case company's services among its chosen target customers. The objectives of the research are to investigate profile and buying behaviour of the potential target customers as well as to provide necessary advice for marketing communications strategy development and creation of added value. The end result will be presented in form of written recommendations for future actions. The research methods used in this thesis are quantitative and qualitative with focus on deductive approach. Consequently, an online survey and in-depth interviews were conducted during a period of one month. The results have shown that the interest for purchasing interior design services by Russians owning or planning to own property in Finland from a Finnish company exist. The suggested marketing communications plan consists of a set of recommendations based on company's resources and target customer needs.
Marketing and Service Development : Case Hot Pot Chinese Restaurant
Titans of service : building strategic service leadership
Marketing plans for services : a complete guide
Service marketing. Vol. 3, A focus on customer experience and the changing roles of customers and consumers
Developing a youth organization : case Turku YMCA
E-business innovation and process management
Launch marketing communications planning guide : case: service industry franchise chain X
The objective of the study is to explore the problem of marketing of contract based services in industrial B-to-B sector with a primary focus on the promotional part of the marketing mix. One intention is to research the marketing communication actions of the case company, as well as promotional activities of comparable contract services of other B-to-B companies. Another intention is to recommend how marketing communication actions for contract-based services could be improved in the case company to support sales activities of local ABBs units. The theoretical framework was based on the studies of contemporary marketing and service marketing theorists like Kotler, P., Grönroos, C., Jobber, D., Lovelock, C. and others. Also scientific articles of industrial services researchers Kumar, R. and Kumar, U. were used in the study. Industrial firms increasingly demand turnkey solutions and are willing to cooperate with a specific supplier in a single source relationship. For marketing communication activities of contract based services it is important to understand specific features of product offering, to understand customers' needs and buying behavior, and to make the right decisions on the marketing communication mix. The study was carried out in the form of qualitative research. Data was gathered through interviews with service sales managers from five European countries and service product managers from the global service business unit. The company's internal databases and public Internet pages served as a basis for a benchmark analysis. The results showed that on the European market needs of industrial customers located in different countries are very similar.  In communication of service contract the main message should carry the idea of providing customers with a feeling of security and the possibility to concentrate on the customer's core business. The results also suggested that the most common and effective way to sell contract-based services is face-to-face sales. Brochures, presentations, leaflets serve as additional tools for sales people to promote a service contract. To achieve other marketing promotional objectives, like increased service product awareness, customers' involvement, and built relationships with a community, other communication activities should be taken. Here digital marketing can be integrated into the traditional marketing communication mix. In order to respect the company's business secrets, chapters containing internal company's data and the improvement proposals on how to enhance the current marketing communication actions for service contracts in ABB are not included in the public version of the thesis.
Now in its third edition, this text presents a new and refreshing approach to the study of tourism. This new edition now includes: coverage of researching social media; crowd-sourced strategies; the millennial tourist generation and green growth and sustainable tourism.
Essentials of services marketing
THE IMPACT OF ENTERTAINMENT ON THE TOURISM SECTOR : Case study: Agency Remarc Greece
Adding value to customer service by developing marketing material
Introduction to sport marketing
A Pre-Marketing Plan for UpGroup
The business of event planning : behind-the-scenes secrets of successful special events
Productization of professional services and its implications for marketing
Internationalization strategy for a service company : Case company MMD Networks OY, Verkkomainos.com service
Contemporary tourism : an international approach
Dawn Iacobucci's Marketing Management, 1E provides the material that first-year MBA students need to gain a mastery of core concepts in marketing management. Students will be able to quickly begin applying concepts to cases, group work, and/or simulations that are assigned in their course. Marketing Management issues can be organized around an easy-to-remember framework of 5Cs, STP, and 4Ps. In real life, marketing is fun. Books on marketing should be too!
"Essentials of Services Marketing delivers streamlined coverage of services marketing topics with an exciting global outlook. With its visual learning aids and clear language, students read less to learn more. For undergraduate services marketing courses."--Publisher's website.
Service management and marketing : managing the service profit logic
Market Analysis of Solar Water Heating in Hospitality Industry, Thailand
SUCCESS FACTORS OF A CHINESE RESTAURANT
The Role of Internet in Marketing Premiering Movies
Developing a product directory to sell program services. Case: Hiekkasärkkien ohjelmapalvelut Oy
The role of Internet in marketing premiering movies
Marketing your library : tips and tools that work
X : The Experience When Business Meets Design
Suggestions for marketing in Branch Transaction Office I of Agriculture Bank Hanoi
Marketing for hospitality and tourism
Golf tourism
On-going change in film consumption : is online availability disrupting the offline markets?
Innovative service perspectives : proceedings from the AMA SERVSIG International Service Research Conference, Helsinki, Finland, June 7-9 2012
Serving customers : global services marketing perspectives
Hospitality marketing : principles and practice
Up your service! : great ideas : tools, tips and proven techniques to lift your service higher
Service marketing theory : back to basics
Marketing strategy for a new fundraising agency
Service marketing. Vol. 4, Towards a unifying marketing approach through service
Professional services marketing : how the best firms build premier brands, thriving lead generation engines, and cultures of business development success
New product development : case company: Studentum.fi
Marketing & selling professional services : practical approaches to practice development
Benchmarking International High-Technology Research Laboratories' Marketing in Europe
The thesis studies current marketing conventions of international high-technology research laboratories in Europe and is done for the UNELMA-project. UNELMA is a joint project between Finnish and Swedish universities and institutions funded by the European Union, the Provincial Government of Norbotten, Lapin Liitto and Interreg IV A. The project wishes to create a network of professional services which will benefit companies in the Bothnian Arc between Finland and Sweden. The study itself intends to give possible examples of how high-technology professional services are marketed internationally and how to apply their practices to Finnish and Swedish high-technology marketing, the UNELMA-project's marketing in particular. Actual high-technology issues or operations in the respective field will not be discussed in this thesis. The knowledge base of the thesis relies on B2B-marketing, services marketing and digital marketing. The applied research method is benchmarking through case studies. Case studies were chosen as it was the best way of having information about the organizations the UNELMA-project and its managers were interested in. Recommendations of possible marketing practices and operations for UNELMA will be presented.
Family as a customer experiencing co-created service value
Service marketing. Vol. 2, The creation of the sub-discipline of services marketing
Service design : a conceptualisation of an emerging practice
Marketing mix across cultures : A case study: Binh Quoi Tourist Village's wedding services to France and Japan
Enhancing the image of the public sector through marketing communication : Birmingham City Council, UK
Customer Satisfaction : Case Farm Tourism Ilomäki
Integrating marketing communications to meet customer preferences
Marketing plan for a financial data vendor: case: FIDA Finanza Dati Analisi
Attracting young members for the association through value creation : case study: Finland-Hong Kong Trade Association ry
Business model analysis in asset management : the case JRS Finanzmandate Gmbh
Customer Satisfaction Survey for Business Customers
Usage of digital loyalty programs in the city center area in Jyväskylä
Increasing clients̕ awareness of services through professional services marketing methods
User Base Growth via Viral Marketing: The Contributory Factors : case: Ostosnero by Avansera Ltd.
Leading, managing, caring : understanding leadership and management in health and social care
Marketing in travel and tourism
Marketing plan for event management company : case: Clubworks
Creating customer value through industrial services : case: Raute Technology Services
Marketing management : text and cases
Customer value in e-service : conceptual foundation and empirical evidence
Increasing Sales in a Hotel Lobby Shop
The aim of this bachelor thesis is to build up a marketing plan for an Italian financial data vendor in Finnish market. The company can benefit or find ideas for its future operations from this marketing plan. In fact, the focus of this marketing plan is to figure out the target customers and a marketing strategy to promote the company’s core data feed service to Finnish market. In this thesis, literature of service marketing and marketing strategy were provided as theoretical framework for the marketing plan. Besides, both quantitative and qualitative research methods are used to analyze service, competition, customers and market-entry strategy for the company. However, the limitation of published information and funding for thesis research restricted the result in some aspects. The marketing plan is written based on the current situation of the case company so it is subject to change due to varying marketing environment. The company will decide marketing activities to improve its operations in the future.
Developing the Internal Service Quality in Organisation Y
Email marketing strategy for TIP Trailer Services
Analysis of Customer Relationship Marketing in DB Schenker Logistics Finland
Handbook of service marketing research
Foundations of marketing
Creating Customer Focused Service Descriptions
Approved marketing plans for new products and services
Marketing Plan for a Hotel
Financial services marketing
Implementation of Brand Values in the Service Quality of a Hotel
Corporate customers’ needs and expectations for legal services
Marketing Suggestions for Sichuan Hai Dilao Catering Company, China
In the current economic climate, most librarians recognize the critical importance of marketing as a means of self-preservation, largely accepting that the future of libraries requires marketing in order to increase library use and public perceptions of worth. This anthology offers practical insight on marketing techniques specifically designed for libraries.
Marketing Plan for B-to-B Customers
Benchmarking of marketing communication of service contracts in B-to-B : case: ABB Oy, Product Support
Towards service-dominant thinking in the Finnish forestry service market
Managing brand identity and reputation : a case study from Finnish higher education
Online Marketing: A Study in E – Service Section : Case Study: Jobstreet.com
A business-to-business strategic marketing plan for a marketing communications agency : Case agency: Helsinki Point Oy
Strategic marketing in tourism services
Marketing in food, hospitality, tourism and events : a critical approach
An exploration of the impact of information technology on China’s hotel industry : A case study of Hanting Inn
The Implementation of the Solo Brand in Case of the Solo Sokos Hotel Tammer
Service management and marketing : managing the moments of truth in service competition
Creating and marketing new products and services
Calibration Services Markets in Europe : Exploratory Study - Flow, Force and Torque Measurement in Focus
Proofreading market viability for Native English Solutions
The suggested Marketing plan for new student ICON package in the ICON department of Banglalink company
Designing a Construction Service Using Service Design : Case Study: Sealing Solutions
Introducing a New Business Model : Die Storage Service for Purso Oy
Destination unknown : marketing research and plan for Turku Air Oy
Communicating interior design services to Russians owning property in Finland
A business and marketing plan for the cleaning company Hardmakers Oy
The Brazilian market for forestry machinery : case: Ponsse Latin America Ltda
DEMAND FLUCTUATION IN OFF SEASON : Case Study of Summit Hotel, Lalitpur, Nepal
WELL-BEING OF BODY AND SOUL : Fitness and Pampering in Spa Hotel Kivitippu
Handbook of service science
Professional services marketing handbook : how to build relationships, grow your firm and become a client champion
Marketing to the Russian tourists visiting Finland : case Kokemuskauppa.com
Business planning: Excellence institute of language training
Transcultural marketing for incremental and radical innovation
"The market for professional services and consulting firms is changing, driven by evolving and more demanding client requirements. Legal, accountancy and other professional services firms are now looking for a new breed of leaders with the insight to help deliver those requirements. Professional Services Marketing Handbook, published in association with the Professional Services Marketing Group, is for marketing and business development professionals, sales specialists, and a firm's technical practitioners who want to play a fuller role in their firm's obsession with client relationship development to increase their impact and influence. Featuring international case studies and best practice from industry leaders and experts such as Allen & Overy, Baker & McKenzie, Jacobs, PwC, Reeves & Co and White & Case, Professional Services Marketing Handbook explains how to become a complete client champion - the voice of the client - to both shape and deliver a firm's client solution and experience. It helps marketers develop a growth strategy for their firm, understand and connect with clients more deeply and develop and manage client relationships to build successful brands"--
Business Plan     : Case: Liujun Consulting Service
Winning in service markets : success through people, technology and strategy
Customer Representatives As Part-Time Marketers Of Online Services : Case: Tapiola General Mutual Insurance Company
Marketing Plan for a SME
Services marketing : integrating customer focus across the firm
Analysing digital marketing communication and customer needs in developing an online presence for Paw Pal
The handbook of service innovation
Essentials of marketing
Integrated marketing communication plan for penetrating the U.S market : cloud computing -  case: Senso Oy
Marketing of Accommodation services : Case-Hotel Azam Cameroon
Services marketing
Customer Satisfaction in the retail market
DRV Service GmbH, A product survey to improve the customer relationship with the members of DRV
Marketing research for customer service development of a sport store
Customer experience : future trends and insights
Developing a service marketing strategy for wellness tourism company : Case study: Golden Retreats
Gamification : motivations & effects
