http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23941 mobile marketing
mobile marketing
Mobile magic : the Saatchi & Saatchi guide to mobile marketing
Web marketing all-in-one for dummies
The viral video manifesto : why everything you know is wrong and how to do what really works
Location based marketing for dummies
Abstract.
The aim of this thesis was to find a best way to advertise short-term sales and reduce paper waste. Another aim was to help the seller to identify a potential customer for a specific product, by means of providing a number of people accessing an advertisement. A mobile phone is one of the widely used electronic devices by many people. Modern mobile phones support a good internet connection. Also, people carry their mobile devices with them even outside their homes. So a mobile application would be a best way to advertise short-term sales. The benefits include reducing the time to reach advertisements from a seller to a buyer, reducing paper waste, and saving money. A client mobile application “Best Sale Application” was implemented to show an advertisement to a user and a back end server was developed to feed the advertisements and provide them to a client application on demand. The developing of a prototype version of Best Sale Application is explained in this thesis. The application runs on Windows Phone and it is able to interact with an early version of Best Sale Server. The back end server side development is explained in the Thesis paper of Ramkumar Patturaj entitled “Server for Best Sale Application”. The proto type version of Best Sale Application carries a significant potential for a future upgrade to a real product to be launched in the Windows Market place for a real user. It will be very useful for a shop owner to reach a potential customer faster and save money compared to a paper advertisement.
Mobilized marketing : how to drive sales, engagement, and loyalty through mobile devices
"The combined impact of social technologies, the mobile Internet, and cloud computing are creating incredible new business opportunities. They are also destroying unprepared companies, transforming industries, and leaving behind workers who are unwilling or unable to adapt. Business Models for the Social Mobile Cloud reveals a compelling view from PwC of how the social mobile cloud and a combination of new technology changes are key players in a digital transformation in business and society that is moving more quickly and cutting more deeply than any technology transformation ever seen"--Provided by publisher.
Emarketing excellence : planning and optimizing your digital marketing
Mobile marketing : how mobile technology is revolutionizing marketing, communications and advertising
This book offers a critical evaluation of the theoretical frameworks that can be used to explain and utilise social media, and applies them to fun real-life examples and case studies from a range of industries, companies and countries. These include Unilever, Snickers, American Express, Volkswagen and Amnesty International, and span campaigns run across different platforms in countries such as China, Canada, Sweden and Singapore.
The third screen : the ultimate guide to mobile marketing
Digital branding : a complete step-by-step guide to strategy, tactics and measurement
Mobile customer relationship management : a communication perspective
1. The Revolution Is Just Beginning ; 2. E-commerce Business Models and Concepts ; 3. E-commerce Infrastructure : The Internet, Web, and Mobile Platform ; 4. Building an E-commerce Presence : Web Sites, Mobile Sites, and Apps ; 5. E-commerce Security and Payment Systems ; 6. E-commerce Marketing and Advertising Concepts ; 7. Social, Mobile, and Local Marketing ; 8. Ethical, Social, and Political Issues in E-commerce ; 9. Online Retailing and Services ; 10. Online Content and Media ; 11. Social Networks, Auctions, and Portals ; 12. B2B E-commerce : Supply Chain Management and Collaborative Commerce.
Launching and Marketing a Mobile Game : Strategy and Consumer Perceptions
Mobile magic : the Saatchi and Saatchi guide to mobile marketing
The Mobile Marketing Revolution gives you the framework to listen to, empower, inform, engage, and enlist the very people on which your success depends. From fundraising to polling to selling products and services, this book shows how to use mobile messaging to turn even the briefest initial interaction into a permanent engaged relationship. Better still, you can achieve all this without expanding overhead or building campaigns from scratch, but instead by integrating mobile into your organization's existing processes and practices--From publisher description.
Digital minds : 12 things every business needs to know about digital marketing
Creating context as you go
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
"With mobile devices in the hands of nearly half of the world's population virtually 24/7, businesses of all sizes must be prepared for the world of mobile marketing. Marketers need to create a mobile experience that is easily activated with the press of a thumb and that allows consumers to take action directly. Right now 80 percent of mobile marketing is just plain bad. It either doesn't work and has a high abandon rate, or doesn't fit into a brand's overall strategy. Michael Kelley is going to change all that. With his experience running top brand mobile campaigns, this book will show business owners, marketers, and advertising managers how to develop a campaign that gets results. All Thumbs provides a very simple yet practical guide to help companies ranging from small mom and pop shops to multinational corporations to build multi-level campaign-driven, mobile brand experiences designed for maximum effectiveness, while at the same time providing a strategic overview of how mobile marketing fits into an overall brand and media campaign"--
"It is easy for today's leaders to fall into the trap of the trendy technology associated with these initiatives--of designing "cool" systems that generate superficial results. But it is not the technology that makes these three initiatives so important, so promising and so misunderstood. It's that they have changed the way consumers behave, and it's only when these changes are understood and responded to from a business perspective that the potential of the BIG-SOCIAL-MOBILE enterprise can be realized. The premise of BIG-SOCIAL-MOBILE is that these three major business trends have the potential to improve enterprise performance significantly but only if they're implemented in a holistic fashion; and only if they're implemented to enhance and support what has traditionally made a business unique rather than to reinvent the company. The book offers an integrative process that has helped a wide range of companies connect these initiatives to each other and to their enterprise strategy, and one that has yielded transformative results--creating a truly BIG-SOCIAL-MOBILE enterprise"--
"A mix of academic rigor and practical application combining a strong theoretical framework from the academic peer reviewed literature with contemporary developments in internet technology, and their application to the e-marketing environment. Topics include consumer behavior, value creation, marketing strategy, implementation issues for e-marketing, and much more"--
A quick start guide to mobile marketing : how to create a dynamic campaign and improve your competitive advantage
Electronic commerce 2012 : a managerial and social networks perspective
Gives step-by-step, practical guidance on how to build a brand online. Through exploring topics like content marketing, social media, search optimisation and web analytics, this book develops a robust framework for brand planning, channel selection and measuring the effectiveness of your brand campaigns.
This book is for managers and would-be managers who need to upgrade their knowledge of digital marketing. Told from the perspective of marketing strategy, it puts digital marketing in the context of firm strategy selection. The first step in digital marketing is to understand your company and your brand. The next step is to put content and keywords on your website so that they can be found in search. The next step is to use the other delivery platforms of digital content, e-mail, social, and mobile, to deploy that content to the customer. The final topics in the book focus on the importance of data management and privacy. I discuss how to develop a database and to create an organization that puts data quality at its center. These practices are as critical to digital marketing success as the delivery platforms. Without quality data, no digital marketing program can be successful. After creating a database with high-quality data, I then briefly discuss the use of analytics in digital marketing. After reading this book, the reader should have a good idea of where to start on the path to an integrated digital marketing management strategy. Each chapter concludes with a list of action steps or "what to do next" to get started on implementing a digital marketing strategy as well as review questions and key terminology.
Data-driven marketing: in a multi-channel, multi-device world
Mobile Internet Start-ups as a Potential Market for Angel Investors
Understanding digital marketing : marketing strategies for engaging the digital generation
A Pre-Marketing Plan for UpGroup
""Anyone interested in the evolution of consumer behavior and the adoption of new technologies will appreciate the clarity of Martin's prose and the breadth of his vision."--Publishers Weekly"Marketing is ever-changing and The Third Screen mirrors the future of marketing. If you are new to mobile, this book makes sure you get it right!"--Jeffrey Hayzlett, best-selling author of The Mirror Test"Chuck Martin has more than all the facts. He has the soul of the idea. The Third Screen is thoughtful and valuable."--Chris Brogan, president, Human Business Works, co-author of Trust AgentsIn this fully updated new edition, Chuck Martin updates his essential marketing handbook for a rapidly evolving mobile marketplace. With more than one in every five people owning a smart phone or tablet worldwide, companies that fail to market to their ecommerce customers will be left behind. The book covers mobile video, SMS (text) messaging, location-based marketing, advertising and media, and inbound marketing and offers insightful case studies of top companies who are using these new platforms successfully.Chuck Martin is director of the Center for Media Research at MediaPost Communications, a research firm that analyzes the intentions of media buyers and planners. He is also CEO of Mobile Future Institute, a US-based think tank focused on marketing tactics for a world gone mobile. Martin is the author of eight business books, including the New York Times business bestseller The Digital Estate. He has appeared on CNN, CNBC, Fox, and ABC-TV News Now. "--
The new rules of marketing & PR : how to use social media, online video, mobile applications, blogs, news releases, & viral marketing to reach buyers directly
Research on application markets for smartphones : hidden areas of industry when creating and marketing digital product
Stand out social marketing : 6 keys to rise above the noise, differentiate your brand and build an outstanding online presence
The art of digital marketing : the definitive guide to creating strategic, targeted, and measurable online campaigns
All thumbs : mobile marketing that works
The interaction between digital marketing communication and customer loyalty
The dragonfly effect : quick, effective, and powerful ways to use social media to drive social change
Consumers' attitudes toward mobile advertising : a rhetorical approach
The study was carried out as an empirical research. The main aims of this thesis project are to develop a mobile application for Hiking Travel Hit LP and to develop literature framework for a non IT expert to get a basic idea of mobile application development. The thesis project was divided into two parts. The first part was the theoretical part whereby a qualitative approach was used and the practical part which was a customization of a Hiking Travel Hit LP web site and design of user interface. The author of this thesis adopted information technology knowledge ideology as the main theory to link tourism and ICT. The theoretical part introduces the reader to some important literature in ICT and basic concepts in mobile apps. A mobile conduit online tool was used to customize and design mobile applications for Hiking Travel Hit LP. The Hiking Travel Hit LP is a tour operator based in a Tampere region. The enterprise has been successful in its business for almost two decades now, offering different types of events, nature and rural and outdoor sports activities. The enterprise provides professional training and courses. In addition, Hiking Travel Hit LP manufactures canoes, kayaks, and outdoor sports equipment. The objectives of this study were achieved as planned, the mobile applications were successfully installed and uploaded to both android market and apple store iTunes, altogether two applications were created. The result of this thesis will be useful to all stakeholders in tourism and ICT.
Offers a step-by-step action plan for harnessing the power of modern marketing and PR to communicate with buyers directly, raise visibility, and increase sales, showing how large and small companies, nonprofits, and other organizations can leverage Web-based content to get the right information to the right people at the right time for a fraction of the cost of big-budget campaigns.
Mobile content services market in Finland 2009-2014
The best of both worlds : designing a seamless integration of the in-store and digital retail experience
The mobile marketing revolution : how your brand can have a one-to-one conversation with everyone
Role of relevance in acceptance of mobile advertising : a consumer approach
Location-based marketing : concepts, technologies and services
"A real-world guide to mobile marketing from the head of digital initiatives at Saatchi & Saatchi worldwide. The future of marketing is mobile, with seventy-five percent of the world's population having access to a mobile phone and the average American spending 82 minutes per day using her phone for activities other than talking. To traditional marketers unfamiliar with the special challenges of mobile marketing, this territory feels complicated and even frightening. Mobile magic provides a bird's-eye view of the process of creating great mobile marketing from one of the world's most experienced and successful practitioners"--
Business models for the social mobile cloud : transform your business using social media, mobile Internet, and cloud computing
E-commerce : business, technology, society
Antecedents to permission based mobile marketing: an initial examination
The third screen : marketing to your customers in a world gone mobile
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
Electronic commerce : a managerial and social networks perspective
The impulse economy : understanding mobile shoppers and what makes them buy
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Fundamentals of mobile marketing : theories and practices
""A crash course in making mobile work. The Impulse Economy is a must read" (Shelly Palmer, NBC Universal host, leading author and blogger on digital media).We live in a world where our mobile devices have become extensions of ourselves. We depend upon them for instant connections to entertainment, social media, news, and shopping deals. What can a business do to maximize the mobile buying power of the new impulse consumer? Gary Schwartz, a pioneer in mobile technology and marketing who has spent his career working with businesses to answer these questions, has written a groundbreaking book that outlines the history of the mobile industry and shows just how businesses can build up their mobile platforms to maximize online sales.But The Impulse Economy isn't just a book for businesses--it's also an eye-opening look into the ways our economy is changing every second of every day. Like Blink or The Tipping Point, the author looks at a phenomenon that's changing the way people behave and analyzing its roots and its causes. Anyone interested in the ways our behavior as shoppers is changing--and what we can do to better harness this opportunity--will find this book to be essential reading"--
Convert every click : make more money online with holistic conversion rate optimization
Mobile marketing : finding your customers no matter where they are
Radio frequency identification (RFID) technology in marketing communication
Big social mobile : how digital initiatives can reshape the enterprise and drive business results
Mobile Augmented Reality Supporting Marketing Strategies : using mobile's augmented reality-based marketing applications to promote products and services to end customers
Explains how to choose appropriate online marketing channels. Provides tips on how to connect with customers and give them the engagement and interaction they require. Looks to the future and the trends which are shaping those opportunities, such as media sharing, ongoing interactive refinement, and co-creation content marketing. Contains new chapters on Native Advertising (such as bespoke Facebook sponsored posts and promoted tweets), the Internet of Things, and Video Marketing. Includes a wealth of additional online resources including case studies on Kwik Fit, Battersea Dogs Home, and Yves Saint Laurent.
"Set-up, run, and measure successful mobile media marketing campaigns Go Mobile is packed with tools, tips, and techniques that will help readers set-up, launch, run, and measure mobile media campaigns. This book will help readers understand the different mobile media platforms, learn how to us SMS for business, incorporate 2D and QR Codes into their campaigns, develop mobile websites and mobile apps, see case studies, and much more.Go Mobile offers practical, step-by-step guidance for implementing a mobile marketing campaign. Readers will learn how to: Use location-based marketing to get new customers and keep existing ones Integrate social media with your mobile media campaign Use mobile E-commerce to improve brand loyalty Measure the ROI of a mobile media campaign Develop mobile media business models you can use to grow revenues With these effective, efficient, and integrated mobile marketing campaigns, business owners and marketers will garner enviable response rates and watch their revenue grow more rapidly than ever before"--
Marketing research for Traxmeet Internet training service in the German market : case company: Elisa Oyj
Social media marketing : theories & applications
The Art of Digital Marketing is the comprehensive guide to cracking the digital marketing 'code', and reaching, engaging, and serving the empowered consumer. Based on the industry's leading certification from the Digital Marketing Institute (DMI), this book presents an innovative methodology for successful digital marketing: start with the customer and work backwards.
Mobile Internet start-ups as a potential market for angel investors
The app and mobile case study book
The new rules of marketing & PR : how to use social media, online video, mobile applications, blogs, news releases, and viral marketing to reach buyers directly
Analysis of Attitudes towards Mobile Direct Marketing Directed to Consumers Involved in Loyalty Programs.
Branded! : how retailers engage consumers with social media and mobility
Consumer perceptions of the value-in-use of short text message services
Developing Online Promotion Mix For Mobile Application
Mobile marketing : the use of mobile phone and location-based services as a marketing channel
You want to be sure your business is promoted on mobile devices, and this book gets you going in more ways than one. Discover the opportunities, learn the strategies, and find out how to deliver your message to your prospects, wherever they may be!
The handbook of mobile market research : tools and techniques for market researchers
The first book on the market that focuses on the area of mobile research.
Mobile marketing for dummies
Creating a virtual place : case: the Aberdeen Green
The mobile revolution : the making of mobile services worldwide
"Proven strategies for harnessing the power of social media to drive social change Many books teach the mechanics of using Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube to compete in business. But no book addresses how to harness the incredible power of social media to make a difference. The Dragonfly Effect shows you how to tap social media and consumer psychological insights to achieve a single, concrete goal. Named for the only insect that is able to move in any direction when its four wings are working in concert, this book. Reveals the four "wings" of the Dragonfly Effect-and how they work together to produce colossal results. Features original case studies of global organizations like the Gap, Starbucks, Kiva, Nike, eBay, Facebook; and start-ups like Groupon and COOKPAD, showing how they achieve social good and customer loyalty. Leverage the power of design thinking and psychological research with practical strategies. Reveals how everyday people achieve unprecedented results-whether finding an almost impossible bone marrow match for a friend, raising millions for cancer research, or electing the current president of the United States. The Dragonfly Effect shows that you don't need money or power to inspire seismic change."--
Mobile marketing : fundamentals and strategy
Go mobile : location-based marketing, apps, mobile optimized ad campaigns, 2D codes and other mobile strategies to grow your business
Internet marketing : integrating online and offline strategies
Nontraditional media in marketing and advertising
"A real-world guide to mobile marketing from the head of digital initiatives at Saatchi & Saatchi worldwideThe future of marketing is mobile, with seventy-five percent of the world's population having access to a mobile phone and the average American spending 82 minutes per day using her phone for activities other than talking. To traditional marketers unfamiliar with the special challenges of mobile marketing, this territory feels complicated and even frightening. Mobile Magic provides a bird's-eye view of the process of creating great mobile marketing from one of the world's most experienced and successful practitioners"--
The fundamentals of digital fashion marketing
Every company needs audiences to survive. They are where you find new customers and develop more profitable relationships. And yet, most companies today treat their email, mobile, and social media audiences like afterthoughts instead of the corporate assets they are. With AUDIENCE, Jeff Rohrs seeks to change this dynamic through adoption of The Audience Imperative. This powerful mandate challenges all companies to use their paid, owned, and earned media to not only sell in the short-term but also increase the size, engagement, and value of their proprietary audiences over the long-term. As content marketing professionals have discovered, the days of “build it and they will come” are long gone. If you're looking for a way to gain a lasting advantage over your competition, look no further and start building your email, Facebook, Google, Instagram, mobile app, SMS, Twitter, website, and YouTube audiences to last.
Viral marketing in the mobile application market
Digital and social media marketing : a results-driven approach
New techniques, tactics, platforms, trends, and opportunities to boost leads, sales and market leads. Discover exactly how to profit from the web, mobile and social media marketing and stop wasting money.
"From a pioneer in mobile technology and marketing, a guide to navigating and harnessing the mobile economy to drive and increase impulse shopping habits among buyers everywhere"--
Launching and marketing a mobile game : strategy and consumer perceptions
Mobile marketing : an hour a day
Abstract: Analysis of Attitudes towards Mobile Direct Marketing Directed to Consumers Involved in Loyalty Programs. The main objective of this dissertation was to analyze general attitudes consumers have towards mobile direct marketing, when it is executed by some company whose loyalty program they are involved in. The study was then investigating the level of interest towards such advertising. The research was based on a mix of qualitative and quantitative research, and an online survey of 94 individuals from different age groups and professions was conducted for data collection purposes. The research aimed at giving generalized view of the consumers' reaction to the topic and suggestions on how this information could be used by any company planning on incorporating mobile direct marketing to their loyalty programs. A critical review of relevant secondary data was carried out to get insight on consumer behavior, when it comes to loyalty programs and mobile direct marketing. The literature review discusses in general terms of the topic related concepts of marketing and consumer behavior, and finishes with introducing the different uses and types of mobile direct marketing. This information gave the basis for primary research. Results of the research placed some of the theory of secondary data under consideration, and further recommendation for research would therefore be focusing on viral activity related to loyalty program messages as well as realization of paid-for ordering service. Limitations of research include the absence of a commissioner, which affects the reliability of the primary research results.
Strategic marketing in tourism services
Web marketing for the music business
Author Tom Hutchison provides instructions on how to set up a website, and then promote you or your client, and the website. Includes information on maximizing your site to increase traffic, online grassroots marketing tactics that will advance your career and how to best utilize social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter
Analysis of attitudes towards mobile direct marketing directed to consumers involved in loyalty programs
Instagram power : build your brand and reach more customers with the power of pictures
Abstract: Launching and marketing a mobile game : strategy and consumer perceptions. As indicated by the title, the focus of this thesis is on both launching and marketing a mobile game. It aims to understand the consumer and its perceptions, the optimal marketing mix, and the most efficient way of launching a mobile game. All of this is applied in a real world setting, using the up-and-coming mobile gaming company Boomlagoon as an example. The marketing mix, consumer decision making process, lean startup method, and chasm are all concepts which are taken into consideration throughout the thesis. They act as the basis for methodology. Both in-depth interviews and a questionnaire are used to collect data. The research conducted is limited by sample size, due to the lack of resources available to the thesis author. In an optimal setting, the methodology applied in this thesis would contain more participants and research methods, in order to cross reference data and gain more depth to the information inferred. Overall, the results indicate that Boomlagoon is on the right track. However, applying the theories and concepts reviewed throughout the thesis, while not guaranteeing success, should at least aid the company in understanding their consumer, developing marketing efforts, and effectively launching their product.
Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) Technology in Marketing Communication
Success secrets of the online marketing superstars
Transforming business : big data, mobility, and globalization
Mobile marketing communications in consumer markets
E-marketing : theory and application
Mobile marketing process of an international event : case : Falun 2015 FIS Nordic World Ski Championship
Marketing in the moment : the digital marketing guide to generating more sales and reaching your customers first
Audience : marketing in the age of subscribers, fans & followers
Marketing in the moment : the practical guide to using Web 3.0 marketing to reach your customers first
Mobile marketing : how mobile technology is revolutionizing marketing, communications, and advertising
Success secrets of social media marketing superstars
Digital marketing analytics : making sense of consumer data in a digital world
This thesis researches the potential and usage of Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) technology in marketing communication. The commissioning company for this thesis is the German company XiLLeR GmbH, which operates in the fields of IT and the media. XiLLeR GmbH would like to know what is already possible with the help of RFID technology in marketing communication and in which direction this technology is developing. This research started in the summer 2009 by collecting information about the topic from a variety of sources. The project itself began in the fall 2009 and ended on schedule in May 2010. This thesis does not specifically concentrate on researching RFID technology in logistics, and a broader research of RFID technology itself is not included in this research. The information framework is about the basics of RFID technology, and there is a short introduction of Near Field Communication (NFC) software. NFC enables the usage of RFID in mobile phones. A chapter about traditional marketing communication tools interacting with RFID presents, among other things, different cases around the world and what RFID technology could bring to marketing communication. This helps the reader to build a larger picture as to how marketing communication can benefit from this technology. The ethicality of the RFID technology in marketing communication is researched, especially from the consumer's privacy point of view. The research method in this thesis is qualitative. Empirical material consists of personal interviews, articles and cases. The analysis of this material is based more on words and pictures than on numbers. This approach was chosen because the subject is new and the research needed interviews from professionals with a certain level of technological knowledge in order to get optimum results.    RFID has been identified as one of the cornerstones of the upcoming “Internet of Things”, where interconnected networks are everywhere and part of people's everyday life. The shift from mass-markets to more personalized micro-markets give marketers the need to create more personalized targeted marketing, which could be offered with the help of RFID technology. The younger generation can use technology better than any previous one. Their growing needs in the field of technology make it easy to envision future success for RFID technology in marketing communication.
Digital marketing management : a handbook for the current (or future) CEO
Create a picture-perfect Instagram marketing strategy. If you're not using Instagram to your advantage, you have to start now. Instagram is the hottest social media site today. Two years after its launch, the number of its daily mobile users surpassed that of Twitter. Then Facebook purchased it for a billion dollars, and it took the world by storm. Instagram Power provides everything you need to grab customers on the world's most popular photo-sharing site. This guide covers it all -- from setting up an account to promoting a brand to integrating the photo-sharing app into an existing marketing strategy. Learn how to: Create the most effective image for your needs; Identify prospective customers with hashtags; Develop a marketing plan tailored for the site; Launch a new product; Create a mini social network of customers on Instagram; Track and measure your efforts.
E-Business in the 21st Century : Realities Challenges and Outlook
