http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p23907 waders
waders
Dynamics, genetic structure and viability of a small and declining Temminck's stint (Calidris temminckii) population
Field guide to the waders of Europe, Asia and North America
Behavior of marine animals : current perspectives in research. Vol. 5, Shorebirds : breeding behavior and populations
International single species action plant for the conservation of the great snipe Gallinago media : agreement of the conservation of African-Eurasian migratory waterbirds
Atlas arealov gnezdâŝihsâ kulikov Rossijskoj Arktiki = Atlas of breeding waders in the Russian Arctic
International single species action plan for the conservation of the sociable lapwing Vanellus gregarius : agreement on the conservation of African-Eurasian migratory waterbirds
Survey of arctic bird migration and staging areas at the White Sea, in the autumns of 1999 and 2004
International single species action plan for the conservation of the black-winged pratincole Glareola nordmanni : agreement on the conservation of African-Eurasian migratory waterbirds
Geographic variation in timing of breeding and egg size in eight European species of waders
Many waders are in decline, and the number of endangered species and populations is increasing. Their protection and management requires knowledge of both ecological and genetic state of the populations. In this thesis, I studied the distribution-wide genetic variation, structure and phylogeography of the Temminck's Stint (Calidris temminckii) and Terek Sandpiper (Xenus cinereus) using microsatellites and sequence data from the mitochondrial control region and cytochrome oxidase I gene. I compared these regionally endangered species to other waders with varying evolutionary histories, breeding systems and habitat preferences to examine the levels of genetic variation and structure at different spatial scales. In addition, I studied the genetic structure of the endangered Baltic population of the Southern Dunlin (Calidris alpina schinzii) with microsatellites. I used genetic information in all three study species to determine units for conservation.The Temminck's Stint and Terek Sandpiper, both not restricted to the Arctic, had low distribution-wide structuring. They also had quite low levels of variation when compared to other species breeding at similar latitudes, indicating reductions in population sizes during past climate changes. Especially the peripheral breeding populations were differentiated and showed signs of inbreeding and genetic drift when compared to the main range. The Temminck's Stint populations at the Bothnian Bay and Yakutia, and Terek Sandpiper populations in Finland and Belarus, should be treated as separate management units. The broader interspecific comparison of waders suggests that habitat availability, mating system and the extent of philopatry may affect the genetic composition of species.The genetic analyses of the Southern Dunlin indicated strong effects of philopatry and inbreeding throughout the range. Local subpopulations at the Bothnian Bay and in Sweden need to be considered as separate management units. Management efforts at the Baltic should be focused on increasing connectivity and providing large enough breeding habitats for potential immigrants and recruits.
Bird communities of the open shores of Valaam Islands
Shorebirds of the northern hemisphere
Shorebirds : an illustrated behavioural ecology
Linking demography with dispersal and habitat selection for species conservation
Male incubation in Northern Lapwings: effects on egg temperature and potential benefits to females
Shorebirds of North America : the photographic guide
The shorebird guide
Phylogeography and conservation genetics of waders
An artificial nest experiment indicates equal nesting success of waders in coastal meadows and mires
Wading birds
Wetland use by waterbirds that winter in coastal Texas
Population ecology and management of waders breeding on coastal meadows
Survey of springtime Arctic bird migration in Vyborg in 1988-2008 and in Kurortny District in 1992-2001
Survey on arctic bird migration and congregations in the White Sea, autumn 1999
Behavior of marine animals : current perspectives in research. Vol. 6, Shorebirds : migration and foraging behavior
Nesting of Temminck's Stints, Calidris temminckii during an arctic snowstorm
