http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24091 Cladonia rangiferina
Cladonia rangiferina reindeer lichens
Summary: Lichen-dominated plant communities were compared on both sides of a fence separating summer ranges from winter ranges...
Studies on the relative growth rate of some fruticose lichens
Transfer of radiocesium from lichen to reindeer
Nutrient and trace metal content and retention in reindeer lichen carpets of Finnish ombrotrophic bogs
The Chernobyl accident: Can lichens be used to characterize a radiocesium contaminated range?
The ecology of nitrogen fixation in Nephroma arcticum and Solorina erocea
Abstract: Measurements were made of the lenghts and diameters of Cladonia alpestris thalli and the lengths of their internodes. The weight distribution in the thallus was studied by dividing thalli and weighing the different parts...
Abstract: Simulation models have recently proven useful in synthesizing and projecting the complicated nature of herbivore-forage realtions. The model described simulates the processes of reproduction, growth, death and decay of horn and reindeer lichens...
Fallout levels of 137Cs in Finnish Lapland during 1966-1973 in the food-chain lichen-reindeer-man
Morphological analysis of the growth and productivity of the lichen Cladonia alpestris
The decrease rate of 55Fe in the food chain lichen-reindeer-man in Finnish Lapland
Distribution of chlorophyll in the lichen Cladonia alpestris
Abstract: Observations were made of the relative growth rate (RGR) of some lichens that were grown in plastic boxes in a natural environment. Weight growth was determined in the laboratory on air-dry material, a correction to oven-dry weight being made. Length growth was measured from photographs...
Impacts of ungulates in boreal forest and subarctic tundra ecosystems in Finland
Use of the State Natural Reserve in the Nenets district as reindeer pastures : inventory of lichens
Multiple-use of tradeoffs in Swedish mountain region forests
Integrating forestry and reindeer husbandry in Northern Sweden : a discrete time application
Influence of ground substrate on establishment of reindeer lichen after artificial dispersal
Forestry and reindeer herding in northern Sweden : estimating forest management effects and opportunity costs in a winter grazing area
Nutritive values of some lichens used as food by reindeer in northeastern Lapland
55Fe and stable iron in some environmental samples in Finland
Impacts of ungulates in boreal forest and subarctic tundra ecosystems in    Finland
Reindeer lichen productivity : problems and possibilities
Abstract: The chlorophyll content and growth activity are greatest in the top parts of the thallus. A good logarithmic regression was found between the proportion of chlorophyll and the dry weight of the thallus, and a corresponding logarithmic regression was found between the rate of CO₂ exchange (per gram dry wt.) and the dry weight...
The growth rate of Cladonia rangiferina and C. mitis in relation to forest characteristics in Northeastern Finland
Towards adaptive management of reindeer grazing resources
Heavy metals in Cladonia arbuscula and Cladonia mitis in eastern Fennoscandia / Pekka Pakarinen, Ahti Mäkinen, Robert J. K. Rinne
Radiocesium in lichens and reindeer after the Chernobyl accident
Fallout levels of 137Cs and some shortlife nuclides in Finnish Lapland during 1966-1976 in the food-chain lichen-reindeer-man
Productivity of arboreal lichens and their possible importance to barren-ground caribou (Rangifer arcticus)
The effects of stand characteristics on reindeer lichens and range use by semidomesticated reindeer
Taxonomic revision of Cladonia gracilis and its allies
Reindeer herding and modern forestry : the historical impacts on forests of two main land users in northern Sweden
Abstract: The chemical composition of Cladonia alpestris, C. rangiferina, Stereocaulons sp., Alectoria jubala coll. and A. sarmentosa collected in late October - early April in northeastern Lapland was studied. The C. alpestris samples studied originated both from ground continuously grazed by the reindeer and from ungrazed ground...
English summary.
Taxonomic studies on reindeer lichens (Cladonia, subgenus Cladina)
Taxonomic studies on Cladonia section Cocciferae : with special reference to secondary product chemistry
A simulation model of lichen-Rangifer interactions in Northern Finland
Lichens, a unique forage resource threatened by air pollution
Accumulation, distribution and decrease rate of iron-55 in reindeer in Finnish Lapland
Determination of 241Pu in environmental samples by liquid scintillation counting
Effects of reindeer grazing and forestry on ground lichens in Finnish Lapland
Lichen grounds of Finnmarksvidda, northern Norway, in relation to summer and winter grazing by reindeer
Selenium content in lichen in Lapland and South Finland and its effect on the selenium values in reindeer
Effects of lichen biomass on winter diet, body mass and reproduction of semi-domesticated reindeer Rangifer t. tarandus in Finland
Usnic acid, a secondary metabolite of lichens and its effect on in vitro digestibility in reindeer
Abstract: Nitrogen fixation by the lichens Nephroma arcticum and Solorina crocea under different conditions of temperature and light has been studied by the acetylene reduction method...
