http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24009 carbon capture and storage
carbon capture and storage
Cleantech 2012 : energy, renewables, materials, storage and environment : technical proceedings of the 2012 CTSI Clean Technology and Sustainable Industries conference and showcase
Climate law in Finland and China : outlines of European and Chinese climate change mitigation and energy efficiency regulation
Potential for carbon capture and storage (CCS) in the Nordic region
Clean energy, climate and carbon
Carbon storage of Finnish agricultural mineral soils and its long-term change
Rise and fall of the carbon civilisation : resolving global environmental and resource problems
Introduction to carbon capture and sequestration
"Implementing grassland management practices that increase carbon uptake by increasing productivity or reducing carbon losses (e.g. through high rates of offtake) can lead to net accumulation of carbon in grassland soils - sequestering atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO2). Globally, the potential to sequester carbon by improving grassland practices or rehabilitating degraded grasslands is substantial - of the same order as that of agricultural and forestry sequestration. Because practices that sequester carbon in grasslands often enhance productivity, policies designed to encourage carbon sequestering grassland management practices could lead to near-term dividends in greater forage production and enhanced producer income. Practices that sequester carbon in grasslands also tend to enhance resilience in the face of climate variability, and are thus likely to enhance longer-term adaptation to changing climates. Developing policies to encourage the adoption of practices that sequester carbon has several significant challenges, such as demonstrating additionality, addressing the potential for losses of sequestered carbon, and engaging smallholders and pastoralists with uncertain land tenure. In addition, the paucity of data in developing countries hampers the measurement, monitoring and verifying of carbon sequestration in response to those practices. This report reviews the current status of opportunities and challenges for grassland carbon sequestration. Based on these observations, the report then identifies components that could foster the inclusion of grasslands in a post-2012 climate agreement, and the development of policies to improve grassland management."--Executive summary.
Production of magnesium carbonates from serpentinites for CO2 mineral sequestration : optimisation towards industrial application
"This book aims to provide an overview to the topic of Carbon Capture and Storage (CSS), while at the same time focusing on the dominant processes and the mathematical and numerical methods that need to be employed in order to analyze the relevant systems. The book clearly states the carbon problem and the role of CCS and carbon storage. Thereafter, it provides an introduction to single phase and multi-phase flow in porous media, including some of the most common mathematical analysis and an overview of numerical methods for the equations"--
Use of nanostructures as oxygen carriers in chemical looping combustion
Challenges and opportunities for carbon sequestration in grassland systems : a technical report on grassland management and climate mitigation
Geochemistry of geologic CO2 sequestration
CO2 Capture and storage in energy production
Screening of prospective sites for geological storage of CO2 in the Southern Baltic Sea
Model based analysis of the post-combustion calcium looping process for carbon dioxide capture
CO2 capture : technologies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions
Referat.
Towards novel biogas upgrading processes
Managing CO2 emissions in the chemical industry
The social dynamics of carbon capture and storage : understanding CCS representations, governance and innovation
Carbon capture, storage and use : technical, economic, environmental and societal perspectives
Due to the consequences of global warming and significant greenhouse gas emissions, several ideas have been studied to reduce these emissions or to suggest solut ions for pollutant removal. The most promising ideas are reduced consumption, waste recovery and waste treatment by biological systems. In this latter category, studies have demonstrated that the use of microalgae is a very promising solution for the biofixation of carbon dioxide. In fact, these micro-organisms are able to offset high levels of CO2 thanks to photosynthesis. Microalgae are also used in various fields (food industry, fertilizers, biofuel, etc.).
Carbon dioxide sequestration and related technologies
CO2 biofixation by microalgae : modeling, estimation and control
Green carbon dioxide : advances in CO2 utilization
Production of Mg(OH)2 from Mg-silicate rock for CO2 mineral sequestration
Geological storage of CO2 : modeling approaches for large-scale simulation
CCSP Carbon Capture and Storage Program : mid-term report 2011–2013
Voluntary carbon markets : an international business guide to what they are and how they work
CCSP Carbon Capture and Storage Program : väliraportti 2011–2013.
Carbon capture : sequestration and storage
Modelling of calciner in post-combustion carbon capture process
Energy and the new reality. Vol. 2, Carbon-free energy supply
The biochar debate : charcoal's potential to reverse climate change and build soil fertility
Carbon capture and greenhouse gases
Carbonation of Mg(OH)2 in a pressurised fluidised bed for CO2 sequestration
Carbon capture and storage
"Despite the large research effort in both public and commercial companies, no textbook has yet been written on Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS). This book provides an overview, examining the dominant processes as well as the mathematical and numerical methods necessary to analyze the relevant systems. It provides an introduction to single-phase and multi-phase flow in porous media, including the most common mathematical analyses, and an overview of numerical methods for the equations."
EU climate policy : industry, policy interaction, and external environment
Techno-economic evaluation of significant CO2 emission reductions in the iron and steel industry with CCS
Carbon capture and storage : emerging legal and regulatory issues
Computational studies of chemical looping combustion materials and CO2 activating surfaces
Climate change, arctic change : law and policy
