http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24007 letters to the editor
letters to the editor
The article focuses on Finnish proverbs as a part of contemporary colloquial written language in everyday use and context. The article offers a view on what is happening with proverbs in the vernacular in Finnish everyday life. As empirical material this article uses a special case that demonstrates the use of proverbs in on Finnish newspaper: proverbs in SMS messages published as a letter to the editor in a newspaper.
Mark Twain on potholes and politics : letters to the editor
The effect of instructions on writing an argumentative text : a study on upper secondary school students' written performance in English
This book describes the attempt in post-Communist Hungary to distort and denigrate the Holocaust, often by respectable public figures such as intellectuals, members of parliament, and influential government and party leaders. Such figures appeared resolved to explain and justify Hungary's linkage to Nazi Germany, rehabilitate the Horthy regime, and absolve the country of any responsibility for the deaths of approximately 550,000 of its Jewish citizens.
SMS messages in a daily Finnish newspaper : the context of proverb performances
Medievalisms in the postcolonial world : the idea of "the Middle Ages" outside Europe
The treatment of the Holocaust in Hungary and Romania during the post-communist era
Bringing the dark past to light : the reception of the Holocaust in postcommunist Europe
War of no pity : the Indian Mutiny and Victorian trauma
The subject of Elizabeth : authority, gender, and representation
"From Sir, a constant reader of your Paper, N.C." : The Letter to the Editor in The Times of the Late Eighteenth Century
Comparing and contrasting speeches attributed to barbarian leaders by ancient Roman historians, this book offers a systematic examination of the ways in which those historians valorized foreigners and presented criticisms of their own society.
Epistolary Korea : letters in the communicative space of the Chosŏn, 1392-1910
Monarchy and the British nation, 1780 to the present
A frequent outlet for Twain's wit was in letters to the editors of various newspapers and periodicals. Sharing his thoughts and opinions on topical issues ranging from national affairs to local social events, with swipes along the way at woman suffrage, potholes, literary piracy and other scams, slow mail delivery, police corruption, capital punishment, and the removal of Huck Finn from libraries, Twain never hesitated to speak his mind. From his opinions on the execution of an intellectually brilliant murderer, to his scathing review of a bureau he perceived as "a pack of idiots" running on a currency of doughnuts, Twain's pure, unbridled voice is evident throughout his letters.
"Public opinion" trends in prewar Japan, 1918-1943 : a thematic content analysis of the Asahi, Mainichi and Yomiuri editorials and Chuo Koron "Kantogen"
Valorizing the Barbarians : enemy speeches in Roman historiography
"By expanding the definition of "epistle" to include any writing that addresses the intended receiver directly, JaHyun Kim Haboush introduces readers to the rich epistolary practice of Chosŏn Korea. The Chosŏn dynasty (1392-1910) produced an abundance of epistles, writings that mirror the genres of neighboring countries (especially China) while retaining their own specific historical trajectory. Written in both literary Chinese and vernacular Korean, the writings collected here range from royal public edicts to private letters, a fascinating array that blurs the line between classical and everyday language and the divisions between men and women. Haboush's selections also recast the relationship between epistolography and the concept of public and private space. Haboush groups her epistles according to where they were written and read : public letters, letters to colleagues and friends, social letters, and family letters. Then she arranges them according to occasion : letters on leaving home, deathbed letters, letters of fiction, and letters to the dead. She examines the mechanics of epistles, their communicative space, and their cultural and political meaning. With its wholly unique collection of materials, "Epistolary Korea" produces more than a vivid chronicle of pre- and early modern Korean life. It breaks new ground in establishing the terms of a distinct, non-European form of epistolography."-- Back cover.
Proverbial expressions in newspapers : a study in Finland, Estonia, and Slovenia
Indians and Europe : an interdisciplinary collection of essays
