http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24017 philosophy of physical activity
philosophy of physical activity
Bodily democracy : towards a philosophy of sport for all
A history and philosophy of sport and physical education : from ancient civilizations to the modern world
The Adventure alternative
Olympism : selected writings
Sport and identity
English summary: More than excercise: Yoga in commercial media culture.
Post-Olympism? : questioning sport in the twenty-first century
The runner's guide to the meaning of life : what 35 years of running has taught me about winning, losing, happiness, humility, and the human heart
Philosophical perspectives on gender in sport and physical activity
What is pushing hands in tai chi : tai chi's tui sou, pushing hands
The philosophy of sport : a collection of original essays
Sport, ethics and education
The Healing Power of Falun Dafa, focuses on the tremendous personal growth that can be achieved by cultivating one's character through practicing Falun Gong
On the move : mobility in the modern western world
Introduction to the philosophy of sport
Hearts and minds uplifted : the power of Falun Dafa
The eight gates of zen : a program for zen training
Sport in the mirror of the values
Running & philosophy : a marathon for the mind
A history and philosophy of sport and physical education : from the ancient civilizations to the modern world
Practical philosophy of sport
The study of sport is often thought of simply in terms of the sport sciences. This book explains how a phenomenological approach is capable of revealing the nature and meanings of sport in ways that are beyond the reach of the sciences - and how the very concepts required by sport science stand in need of philosophical explanation. The book has a 'didactic' intention - to present and discuss ideas and tools developed in the phenomenological tradition in order to illuminate issues in sport, in a clear and straightforward manner, so as to be understandable for those without any previous knowledge or background. There are clear and straightforward accounts of the ideas of central thinkers, such as Husserl, Heidegger, Merleau-Ponty and Patocka, and analyses of the nature of risk sports, the feint in football, the problem of the instant replay, the role of the sport psychologist, the idea of 'bodily perception', and the concept of 'transhumanism' in relation to performance enhancement. This book was originally published as a special issue of Sport, Ethics and Philosophy.
The concept of betterness and sport competitions
Watching sport : aesthetics, ethics and emotion
Awakening the spine : the stress-free new yoga that works with the body to restore health, vitality, and energy
The philosophy of physical education : a new perspective
Meaning in life and its relation to functioning in old age
Philosophy of sport and physical activity : issues and concepts
Running with the pack
Yiquan : Chinese art for health and internal strength
The harmonic structure of movement, music, and dance according to Rudolf Laban : an examination of his unpublished writings and drawings
Sporting reflections : some philosophical perspectives
Big yoga : a simple guide for bigger bodies
Foucault, sport and exercise : power, knowledge and transforming the self
The eight gates of Zen : a program of Zen training
Philosophic inquiry in sport
Qigong illustrated
Phenomenological approaches to sport
Life and hope renewed : the healing power of Falun Dafa
The eighth edition details the latest data and technologies, and outlines the varied elements, origins, and developments of these related disciplines. It identifies the conflicts existing in the field, along with discussions related to what the degree should be called, as well as the names of the departments. The text also examines the history, the current state, as well as the expected future issues and trends in physical education. The text is organized in an easy-to-follow format, first defining the profession of exercise sciences and sports, followed by an overview of the disciplines that study the cultural, social, and scientific foundations of this field. In later chapters, it builds upon that foundation and examines career development and job opportunities, looking at the traditional fields of teaching and coaching, the expanding career options of sport management, and the new world of the technological workplace. * Chapter 1, What is our Field?, provides a modern look at the discipline of physical education * Chapter 14, Current Issues in American Exercise Science and Sport, includes new sections on digital technologies, online education, and digital media which further explore the changes in physical education, exercise science, and sport science * Provides the latest data and statistics on the major health crisis of childhood obesity Additional Resources: For Instructors: * LMS-ready Test Bank containing over 150 questions with page references * PowerPoint Lecture Slides, organized by chapter for ease of use, and highly illustrated and editable * Instructor's Manual For Students:The Navigate Companion Website includes a wealth of study aids and learning tools to help students get the most out of their course. Resources include: * Practice Activities * Weblinks * Interactive Glossary * Flashcards * Crossword Puzzles.
Norbert Elias : civilization, and the human self-image
Physical education, exercise and sport science in a changing society
Movement, awareness and creativity
Olympic ethics and philosophy
Sport and society
Sport : a philosophic inquiry
Bodies moving and moved : a phenomenological analysis of the dancing subject and the cognitive and ethical values of dance art
Practical philosophy of sport and physical activity
Jiangan : the Chinese health wand
Collective collapse and performance contagion in basketball
Music in everyday life
Tools of titans : the tactics, routines, and habits of billionaires, icons, and world-class performers
Do we watch sport for pure dumb entertainment? While some people might do so, Stephen Mumford argues that it can be watched in other ways. Sport can be both a subject of high aesthetic values and a valid source for our moral education. The philosophy of sport has tended to focus on participation, but this book instead examines the philosophical issues around watching sport. Far from being a passive experience, we can all shape the way that we see sport. Delving into parallels with art and theatre, this book outlines the aesthetic qualities of sport from the incidental beauty of a well-executed football pass to the enshrined artistic interpretation in performed sports such as ice-skating and gymnastics. It is argued that the purist literally sees sport in a different way from the partisan, thus the aesthetic perception of the purist can be validated. The book moves on to examine the moral lessons that are to be learned from watching sport, depicting it as a contest of virtues. The morality of sport is demonstrated to be continuous with, rather than separate from, the morality in wider life, and so each can inform the other. Watching sport is then recognised as a focus of profound emotional experiences. Collective emotion is particularly considered alongside the nature of allegiance. Finally, Mumford considers why we care about sport at all.
Running & being : the total experience
The human body : ascesis and exercise
A philosophy of sport
Simple chi kung : exercises for awakening the life-force energy
The way of Qigong : the art and science of Chinese energy healing
Sport, the third millennium : proceedings of the International Symposium, Quebec City, Canada, May 21-25, 1990
