http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2404 political rights
political rights
How do international norms travel? : women's political rights in Cambodia and Timor-Leste
Comparative human rights and fundamental freedoms. Vol. 1
Debating right to asylum : a conceptual and rhetorical reading of the German post-war deliberations
The Wiley-Blackwell Encyclopedia of Social and Political Movements
The globalization of human rights
Human rights : concept and standards
The philosophy of civil rights in the context of China
Human rights at the dawn of the 21st century : proceedings : Interregional meeting
Human rights : between idealism and realism
Pressure through law
They followed me in the street : the assassination of a journalist and other horror stories from present day Russia
Engendering the global agenda : the story of women and the United Nations
The international bill of rights : The covenant on civil and political rights
Human rights and the European Community : methods of protection
International business : the new realities
The new asylum seekers : refugee law in the 1980s : the Ninth Sokol Colloquium on International Law
Reassessing civil rights
Asyl nord : newsletter on Baltic-Nordic refugee and asylum issues
The rationality and justification of legislation : essays in legisprudence
Guide to the "travaux préparatoires" of the international covenant on civil and political rights
The international covenant on civil and political rights : cases, materials, and commentary
Selected decisions of the Human Rights Committee under the optional protocol. Vol. 5, Forty-seventh to fifty-fifth sessions
Human rights and the private sphere : a comparative study
Economic, social and cultural rights : a textbook
Europeisation of political rights : Voter Advice Application and migrant mobilisation in 2011 UK elections
A theory of secession : the case for political self-determination
The evolution of rights in liberal theory
General comments or recommendations adopted by United Nations human rights treaty bodies. 1, Human Rights Committee
Comprehensive, authoritative, interdisciplinary, and up-to-date, this encyclopedia contains over 400 entries , exploring social and political movements and related collective phenomena throughout the world.
International Conference on Human and Civic Rights : with participation of Estonia, Finland, Latvia and Lithuania; 24 to 26 May 1995, Elva, Estonia
Freedom in the world : political rights and civil liberties 1986-1987
The political rights of migrant workers in Western Europe
Rights of citizenship
Institutionalizing agonistic democracy : post-foundationalism and political liberalism
China human rights report 2006
Freedom in the world : the annual survey of political rights and civil liberties. 1995-1996
European yearbook of minority issues
Nordic journal of human rights
Peace, power, righteousness : an indigenous manifesto
Well-being : foundations, and the extent of its realization in poor countries
A commentary on the constitution of the United States. 3, Rights of the person
International human rights in context : law, politics, morals : text and materials
The Roman citizenship
Torture and its consequences : current treatment approaches
Finnish summary.
European yearbook of minority issues. Volume 3, 2003/4
The right to political participation for persons with disabilities : human rights indicators
On justice in society
The essays collected in this book address legislation from the viewpoint of legal theory and provide an overview of current research in legisprudence as a new scholarly approach to lawmaking. The overall focus of the volume is on the justification of legislation, with a special emphasis on the intricate notion of legislative rationality. With the rational justification of legislation as their central theme, the essays elaborate on the foundations and bounds of legislation and the search for a more principled lawmaking, discuss the role of legislation within the framework of democratic constitutionalism, analyze legislation as implementation of constitutional law, and explore how legislative argumentation in parliament can be construed as a source of justification of laws.
Civil and political rights : the human rights committee
Making European citizens : civic inclusion in a transnational context
An analysis of the concept of citizenship : legal, political and social dimensions
Cuba and the rule of law
The African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights : practices and procedures
European yearbook of minority issues. Volume 2, 2002/3
Spain and the rule of law
Constitutional theory
Do we need minority rights? : conceptual issues
Consideration of reports submitted by states parties under article 40 of the covenant : initial report of states parties due in 1993 : addendum : Israel
Ethnicity and group rights
This work focuses concern on historical impacts in the Chinese political arena in order to re-appraise Zhao Ziyang's political legacies and their relevance to China's ongoing change.
Democracy in the Arab world : explaining the deficit
In 2006 Finland celebrated the centenary of universal and equal suffrage. The reform in 1906 was radical: women gained the right to vote and to stand as candidates in parliamentary elections. The new rights were immediately used and 19 women were elected to the Parliament. Finland was the third country, after New Zealand and Australia, in which women were admitted to full political citizenship. Norwegian women were also granted political rights before WWI. This publication studies suffrage, citizenship and parliamentary reforms in various socio-political contexts. It brings together new research from a wide range of scholars and disciplines. In addition to pioneers, attention is given to Austria, Britain, Canada, Hungary, Iran, Ireland, Israel, Poland, Romania, Russia and Slovenia, among others. By highlighting national differences, the collection strives to disperse the universalising trend of research. The chapters suggest that the age of suffrage narratives based on a view of universal emancipation is over; more significant are deconstructive approaches and analyses embedded in local factors. From an international perspective, the realisation of female suffrage was a long and multi-faceted process taking different forms. The issue of women's civil rights is certainly not a matter of the past. Internationally, suffrage, gender and citizenship are highly topical issues, as indicated in this collection.
In quest of justice : protest and dissent in the Soviet Union today
Citizenship
Abstract: Democracy, rule of law and ongoing conversation.
European yearbook of minority issues. Volume 1, 2001/2
The Raoul Wallenberg Institute compilation of human rights instruments
Reservations to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and its Optional Protocols |b reflections on state practice |d Martin Scheinin
The right not to be discriminated against
Murder in the high himalaya : loyalty, tragedy, and escape from Tibet
Nordisk tidsskrift for menneskerettigheter
Philosophy as cultural politics
Electoral laws of parliaments of the member states of the European Communities
The right to self-determination under the covenant on civil and political rights
Citizenship and rights in multicultural societies
South Africa and the rule of law
The empowered self : law and society in the age of individualism
The Royal Prerogative redefined : parliamentary debate on the role of the British Parliament in large-scale military deployments, 1982-2003
Reservations by states under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and its optional protocols, and the practice of the Human Rights Committee
Russian legal culture before and after communism : criminal justice, politics and the public sphere
Language and the right to education under the European convention on human rights
Non-discrimination and equality in the view of the UN human rights treaty bodies
Human rights and elections : a handbook on the legal, technical and human rights aspects of elections
Civil and political rights
Liberal rights : collected papers 1981-1991
Good governance practices for the protection of human rights
Democratic rights in a development perpective
The Tribune
Judicial control of the lawfulness of detention in the ECHR and the ICCPR : with special reference to states of emergency
Democracy and human rights
Rethinking asylum : history, purpose, and limits
The Human Rights Committee's pronouncements on the right to an effective remedy : an illustration of the legal nature of the Committee's work under the optional protocol
Citizens as partners : OECD handbook on information, consultation and public participation in policy-making
Citizen, an actor and co-actor in a society of rights
Tunisia imprisonment of trade unionists in 1978.
Freedom in the world 2008 : the annual survey of political rights & civil liberties
Making constitutional law : Thurgood Marshall and the Supreme Court, 1961-1991
Electoral rights and foreigners
General comments or recommendations adopted by United Nations human rights treaty bodies. 2, Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
Constitutional opinions : aspects of the Bill of Rights
Human rights : thirty years after the universal declaration : commemorative volume on the occasion of the thirtieth anniversary of the universal declaration of human rights
Nationality, migration rights and citizenship of the Union
Governing indigeneity globally : indigenous peoples in the United Nations
Worth and empowerment / Marketta Seppälä
Zhao Ziyang and China's political future
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
United Nations Training Course on International Norms and Standards in the Field of Human Rights : proceedings, Moscow (USSR), 27 November-1 December 1989
Suffrage, gender and citizenship : international perspectives on parliamentary reforms
International encyclopedia of women's suffrage
Minority representation and the quest for voting equality
Elements of the electoral process : interpretations and practices of international bodies on election elements derivable from article 25 of the ICCPR as criteria for assessing teh electoral process
On the observance of the human rights and the rights of citizen in the Russian Federation (1994-1995) : report of the President's Commission on Human Rights
Political philosophy
Understanding social citizenship : themes and perspectives for policy and practice
EU annual report on human rights 2008
Selected decisions of the Human Rights Committee under the optional protocol. Vol. 4, Fortieth to forty-sixth sessions (October 1990-October 1992)
The negro votes
Freedom in the world : political rights and civil liberties 1980
Understanding the framing of issues in multi-actor arenas : power relations in the human rights debate
Violations of children's rights in armed conflicts : international treaties, observations by peacekeepers and crisis management training in Finland
The universal declaration of human rights : Finland
Citizenship : critical concepts
László Rajk and his accomplices before the people's court
