http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24084 bachelor's degrees (polytechnic)
bachelor's degrees (polytechnic)
How to improve the business double degree program between Oulu University of Applied Sciences and Neu-Ulm University of Applied Sciences
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : study guide 2007-2008 : for international students
Efficiency of International Degree Programmes' Marketing
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : study guide 2009-2010 : for international students
FINNIPS brings in half of the Oulu BIT students
Equal, but different : an evaluate of the postgraduate polytechnic experiment in Finland : final report
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic, University of Applied Sciences, International Studies [esite]
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic, Finland, International Studies [esite]
Exploring the impact and full potential of international education : questions of competitiveness, employment and integration
Integrating GAFE cloud service, working life and Master education
Teachers as bridge builders between education and working life in master's degree education in future
Polytechnic education
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
Academic work and careers in Europe : trends, challenges, perspectives
Ammattikorkeakoulusanasto = Yrkeshögskoleordlista = Polytechnics glossary = Fachhochschuleglossar
Hard skills or soft skills? Findings about importance of various skills in work
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic : study guide 2005-2006
Yliopistosanasto = Universitetsordlista = University glossary = Universitätsglossar = Lexique des universités = Vocabulario universitario = Slovar' universitetskih terminov
Thesis guide : master's degrees
Study in Kemi-Tornio, Finland : Business management, Business information technology, Nursing, Social services
Quality and practice in assessment : new approaches in work-related learning
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : study guide 2010-2011 : for international students
Internationalization of the curricula of master programmes at Finnish universities of applied sciences
International degree student guidance and counselling : supporting the international student community at Turku University of Applied Sciences
Kindling new business
Efficiency of International Degree Programmes' marketing
Senior police officer training in Finland : course programme and entry requirements 1998.
From intercultural encounters to interprofessional development : osa valtakunnallista YAMK-koulutus vahvaksi TKI-vaikuttajaksi -hanketta = a part of national network project Creating strong R&D profile for master's degree programmes
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : study guide 2008-2009 : for international students
Assessing and certifying occupational skills and competences in vocational education and training
FINNIPS : joint efforts for internationalisation
Evaluation of the Bologna process implementation in Finland
Foreign degree students of UAS Seinäjoki Business School: : Motives for choosing Finland and UAS Seinäjoki
Polytechnic education in Finland : background report
The Finnish Network for International Programmes (FINNIPS) joins the majority of the Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (UAS) together in cooperation over the development of international education in Finland. The main task of the network is to arrange the entrance exams to the UASs’ English-taught degree programmes in a selection of countries outside Finland. However, along with the various development activities conducted within the network since its establishment at the end of 2009, the role of FINNIPS can be seen to stretch beyond the entry stage of studies. The network’s second publication is a cross-section of the various themes and on-going discussions that shape and affect the role and functions of international degree programmes in Finnish UASs. The topics regarding the quality and economic impact of education as well as the employment and social integration of the foreign higher education students are addressed in the articles of this publication. The wide array of themes dealt with in the articles contributes to the quest to acknowledge the various dimensions and effects of international education in Finland. Furthermore, the publication seeks to address the most topical questions and map the current challenges related to international UAS education and, at the same time, offer tools and accounts of best practices with regard to the further development of it.
From intercultural encounters to interprofessional development : osa valtakunnallista YAMK-koulutus vahvaksi TKI-vaikuttajaksi -hanketta = a part of national network project Creating a strong R&D profile for master's degree programmes
The Finnish Network for International Programmes (FINNIPS) joins the majority of the Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (UAS) and their English-taught degree programmes together in cooperation on entrance examinations and in broader terms, on development of international education in Finland. The network’s second publication is a cross-section of the various themes and on-going discussions that shape and affect the role and functions of international degree programmes in Finnish UASs. The topics regarding the quality and economic impact of education as well as the employment and social integration of the foreign higher education students are addressed from various angles in the articles. Overall, the publication seeks to address the most topical questions and map the current challenges related to international UAS education and, at the same time, offer tools and accounts of best practices with regard to the further development of it.
The Bologna process and Finnish universities of applied sciences : participation of Finnish universities of applied sciences in the European higher education area : the final report of the project
Working life correspondence of the curriculum in the Degree Programme in Facility Management
Evaluation of the Bologna Process implementation in Finland
Love and forgiveness in the global community : designing Master's Degree in Global Health Care - Master of Health Care
BBA students' opinions about their motivation to pursue to management level
Polytechnic education in Finland : backround report
Education and the family background of the young in Finland
Quality handbook of higher education in Finland and Russia
Report on development of foreign language degree programmes of Eastern Finnish polytechnics
The world is becoming ever more international and graduates are expected to have international experience in order to make it in the world and to distinguish them from the other job applicants. The double degree program is a way for universities to answer to this growing need. The international double degree is a program where students will gain two degree diplomas by studying at two different universities in two different countries during the same time as it would normally take them to finish only one degree. This Bachelor’s Thesis focuses on finding the challenges in the business double degree program between Oulu University of Applied Sciences and Neu-Ulm University of Applied Sciences. The program consists of two parts, where the student will firstly spend two years at the home university and then transfer for 18 months to the partner university. Through this program the student will be awarded with a Bachelor of Business Administration from Oulu and a Bachelor of Arts from Neu-Ulm. The focus of this study is towards the exchange period of Oulu students in Neu-Ulm. A benchmarking study with the Technische Universität München and with the University of Mannheim was established to compare the selection process and the curriculum of the business double degree program. In addition, interviews were conducted with the business double degree students, double degree coordinators and with the International Offices of both universities. Through these, strengths and challenges were gathered.It became clear that the current program has challenges in the information flow, selection process, in the requirements for German language from students from Oulu and the current procedure concerning the repeat examinations. The author recommended ways in which these aspects could be developed, such as establishing a common information platform available for everyone in contact with the double degree and offering the students the possibility to do repeat examinations in their home university. Furthermore, the selection process and criteria should be jointly agreed upon and the requirements for the high level of German knowledge should be reexamined. Through these actions the program could be improved further. There also rose a need for more research made about the double degrees in general as well as a follow-up survey in this business double degree program once there are more students taking part in it. Furthermore, a global research on the best-of-class double degree program should be conducted.
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
Equal, but different : an evaluation of the postgraduate polytechnic experiment in Finland : final report
Support Services for International Degree Students
Sustainability focused Master Degree Programme and Master's Thesis
Introduction:  A close connection with working life is one of the main emphases in universities of applied sciences in Finland. This goal can be achieved e.g. by developing the contacts between research, development work and innovation (RDI) and teaching.  Creating a strong RDI profile for Master's degree programmes Finnish Ministry of Education and Culture launched a nationwide project in 2013-2015. The aims of the project are, for example, to bring teaching and workplaces closer together, to support networking and to transfer knowledge and competence between higher education institutions and workplaces. The tripartite model, which means partnership of students, teachers and representatives of working life, is a framework for all research and development.    This paper presents the results of one study which was done in this project.     The main focus is:  1) to describe and forecast how the role of the teachers will be shared with students and workplace experts in the future, and   2) to clarify the new roles and characteristics of future teachers as an important part of intensifying many-sided cooperation.     The theoretical background and literature review of that study consist of partnership, cooperation and network.  Methodology and results    Four Finnish universities of applied sciences participated in the research project collecting data by using Mill Model, innovation and co-creation method working in five workshops. The basic idea of the Idea Mill Model is to gather a general summary of ideas written down in the groups finding common answers to the questions about future teachership.    The informants participating in the workshops had gained several years of experience in Master's degree program, RDI activities or teaching. They had been invited to paying attention to a tripartite model forms from cooperation of student, mentor and teacher tutor. The themes based on research questions were discussed in the workshops. The data were analysed with content analysis. The number of participants in different workshops was between 12-26 persons.    The teacher of Master programme should have, for example, good knowledge and know-how in partnership, work experience as well as a multidisciplinary approach. The teacher has to be flexible, international and he/she should have the willingness and ability to use technical tools. The teacher's role and competences will vary depending on different situations in partnership.    The research produces multifaceted and deep new information about a cooperative teacher who is working closer with working life and building bridges between education in universities and in industry. In our article we will present the results of the study which will show what are the competences, knowledge and know-how of a master's programme teacher to act as a teacher as bridge builder connecting teaching and RDI. The results could be used to develop cooperation between universities and working life.
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic : study guide 2004-2005
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
Double Degree Programmes in the Internationalisation in Higher Education Institutions : Case Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences,  Business School
International business education : from labour market needs to successful international careers
"So much more  than just a web course"
