http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2402 human rights
human rights
SARS and human rights in a postmodern context : a case study of Toronto
Beyond black and white : from civil rights to Barack Obama
Cultural rights and international cultural cooperation
The Peace and Security Council of the African Union : its relationship with the United Nations, the African Union and sub-regional mechanisms
March. Book 1
How do international norms travel? : women's political rights in Cambodia and Timor-Leste
Debating right to asylum : a conceptual and rhetorical reading of the German post-war deliberations
Feminism, gender and universities : politics, passion and pedagogies
The liberation
The Wiley-Blackwell Encyclopedia of Social and Political Movements
The politics and dynamics of human rights
United Nations work for human rights
The situation of girls and young women
Human rights in a pluralist world : individuals and collectivities
Documents on fundamental human rights. 2. pamphlet
Human rights : a compilation of international instruments
Human rights and scientific and technological developments
Protection of human rights under the law
Belgians on human rights : contributions to the World Conference on Human Rights, Vienna, 14-25 June 1993.
Selected international human rights instruments
Amnesty International report. 1997.
Defining rape : emerging obligations for states under international law?
Indigenous peoples' rights, minority group rights and international human rights law
They followed me in the street : the assassination of a journalist and other horror stories from present day Russia
Protection of minors and human dignity in the information society: EU and US perspectives
The focus of this book is upon consciously and proactively serving those in need, be they of any colour, creed or religion. Islam admonishes those who fail to see and address the needs of the poor, weak, elderly, oppressed, orphans, widows, refugees, travelers and prisoners. All possible means of serving humanity have been highlighted by citing the example of the Holy Prophet Muhammad and that of pious members of the Muslim community; thereby directing the attention of modern-day Muslims to this crucial and forgotten asset of Islam.
Against racism, apartheid and colonialism : documents publ. by the GDR 1949-1977
Contribution of the European Charter of Human Rights to the right to legal aid
Global democracy and exclusion
A human rights approach to conflict prevention, management and resolution in the Africa's Great Lakes region : a focus on the DRC conflict
Seminar on national and local institutions for the promotion and protection of human rights, (org. by the United Nations Division of Human Rights), Geneva 18-29 Sept. 1978.
Human rights in the modern world
Engendering the global agenda : the story of women and the United Nations
Digest of case-law relating to the European convention on human rights (1955-1967) = Repertoire de la jurisprudence relative a la Convention Europeenne des Droits de l'Homme (1955-1967)
China : violations of human rights : prisoners of conscience and the death penalty in the People's Republic of China : an Amnesty International publication
A normative EU policy towards China : mission impossible?
Human rights : changing the culture
China and other emerging actors in Africa
Human rights in youth sport
The sorrows of Mexico
Universality of human rights in a pluralistic world : proceedings of the colloquy organised by the Council of Europe in co-operation with the International Institute of Human Rights, Strasbourg, 17-19 April 1989
Unfinished business : a comparative survey of historical and contemporary slavery
Article 27 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Internet : a study evaluating role of prosumers, authors and corporations in the information society
Teaching human rights : a handbook for teachers
The right to be a part of nature : indigenous peoples and the environment
Understanding powers of international organizations : a study of the doctrines of attributed powers, implied powers and constitutionalism - with a special focus on the Human Rights Committee
"These guidelines were developed by the ODIHR Advisory Council of Experts on Freedom of Religion or Belief in co-operation with education experts. Aimed at both legislators and schools, they offer guidance on preparing curricula for teaching about religions and beliefs, preferred procedures for assuring fairness in the development of curricula, and standards for how they could be implemented."
Routledge handbook of sexuality, health and rights
Human rights in Sweden : the annual report 1987
Human rights in China
Torture team : Rumsfeld's Memo and the betrayal of American values
Economic, social and cultural rights : a textbook
New directions in human rights
The Palgrave handbook of childhood studies
Question of conscientious objection to military service
Dignity, rank, and rights
Diverging meanings of CSR and corporate responsibility for human rights : comparative study on Finnish firms and civil society organizations
From needs to competencies : a case study on the integration of a rights based approach into NGO practises
Comprehensive, authoritative, interdisciplinary, and up-to-date, this encyclopedia contains over 400 entries , exploring social and political movements and related collective phenomena throughout the world.
Seminar on the Role of Youth in the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights, Belgrade, Yugoslavia, 2-12 June 1970.
Setting a social reform agenda : the peacebuilding dimension of the Rights Movement of the Ethiopian muslims diaspora
A right to die? : The Dax Cowart case
Glasgow tercentenary essays : 300 years of the School of Law
Elderly people's quality of life in the rural communities of Swaziland
Yearbook of the Human Rights Committee
"A wide-ranging, powerful, alternative vision of the history of the United States and how the slave-breeding industry shaped it. The American Slave Coast tells the horrific story of how the slavery business in the United States made the reproductive labor of "breeding women" essential to the expansion of the nation. The book shows how slaves' children, and their children's children, were human savings accounts that were the basis of money and credit. This was so deeply embedded in the economy of the slave states that it could only be decommissioned by Emancipation, achieved through the bloodiest war in the history of the United States. The American Slave Coast is an alternative history of the United States that presents the slavery business, as well as familiar historical figures and events, in a revealing new light"--
Human rights as a global problem
Documents on fundamental human rights. 3. pamphlet
Illusion of incoherence : the right to access to medicines, WTO medicines decision and TRIPS-Plus measures
Protestant Churches and the making of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights
A strong basis for inclusion and equality : Finland's disability policy programme Vampo 2010-2015
Exploring human rights conceptualisations in the United States : a study into knowledge and attitudes of participants connected to a social justice NGO
Public emergencies such as civil wars, natural disasters, and economic crises test the theoretical and practical commitments of international human rights law. During national crises, international law permits states to suspend many human rights protections in order to safeguard national security. States frequently overstep the limits of this authority, violating even peremptory human rights such as the prohibitions against torture and prolonged arbitrary detention. In this volume, leading scholars from law, philosophy and political science grapple with challenging questions concerning the character, scope, and salience of international human rights, and they explain how the law seeks to protect human rights during emergencies. The contributors also evaluate the law's successes and failures and offer new proposals for strengthening respect for human rights.
Rights beyond borders : global the global community and the struggle over human rights in China
Illiteracy and human rights
Controlling the Swedish state : studies on formal and informal bodies of control
Seminar on Human Rights in Developing Countries : Kabul, Afghanistan, 12-25 May 1964
Blue book of China's human rights : annual report on the development of China's human rights
Human rights, democracy and the left
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Acquisition of new members/support for Amnesty International
Research on gross human rights violations : a programme
To defend these rights : human rights and the Soviet Union
Documents on fundamental human rights. 1. pamphlet
Human and people's rights in Africa : myths, realities and prospects
Human rights : Soviet theory and practice : Helsinki and international law
Finnish summary.
Towards international responsibility of transnational corporations
The persecution of persons with disability and the duty of reasonable accommodation in the European Union’s Refugee Law
Interest in contemporary slavery has increased dramatically over the last ten years, but there remains a widespread tendency to view slavery in the past and slavery in current society as independent fields of study. This book provides a comparative analysis of historical slave systems and modern forms of human bondage. From this standpoint, recent concerns over human trafficking, debt-bondage, child labor and other related problems are analyzed in view of the historical strengths and weaknesses of the legal abolition of slavery. By bringing together a range of studies on different aspects of slavery, both past and present, this book provides a platform for promoting dialogue about ways of addressing both contemporary slavery and the enduring legacies of historical slave systems.--Publisher's description.
Publications of the Ombudsman for Minorities
Enhancing global human rights
United Nations Training Course on International Norms and Standards in the Field of Human Rights : Moscow (USSR), 27 November - 1 December 1989 : proceedings
Neoconservative Ideology and the Use of Torture in the "Global War on Terror" : Morally Right, in perfect denial, or in persistent cognitive dissonance?
Human rights as legal rights : the realization of individual human rights in positive international law : general discussions and tentative suggestions on an international system of human rights
Egoism or altruism? : the politics of the great balancing act
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 2
Protecting migrant workers' human rights : a trade union view
But in this twilight our choices seal our fate : the interplay of autonomy and dignity in defining the international legal response to the beginning of life
The developing European law of human rights
International human rights in a nutshell
Fundamental rights in the European Union : towards higher law of the land : a study of the status of fundamental rights in a broader constitutional setting
Human Rights Watch world report. 2009 : events of 2008
The draft Nordic Saami Convention : nations working together
I am the mechanical they named Jax. My kind was built to serve humankind, duty-bound to fulfil their every whim. But now our bonds are breaking, and my brothers and sisters are awakening. Our time has come. A new age is dawning. Set in a world that might have been, of mechanical men and alchemical dreams, this is the third and final novel in a stunning series of revolution by Ian Tregillis.
Publications per 7 July 1993
The battle of human rights : gross, systematic violations and the inter-American system
Addressing the Human Rights Issues of Water and Sanitation in Fako division (Cameroon) Legal Framework and the Realization of the Sustainable Development Goals
Aboriginal rights and self-government : the Canadian and Mexican experience in North American perspective
Climate change and vulnerability of the Arctic elderly : an assessment from human rights point of view
WHO resource book on mental health, human rights and legislation : stop exclusion, dare to care
The role of the European Union at the United Nations Human Rights Council
Human rights : what we argue about
The failure of the security paradigm in Syria : the human security perspective
The European convention on human rights : a report of a lecture and conference held on November 23 and 24 by the British Institute of International and Comparative Law at the Law Society's Hall, Chancery Lane, London
Pride & joy : taking the streets of New York City
Human rights in the world society : norms, reality, and international system of protection
Do you know it when you see it? : a study on the judicial legitimacy of the European Court of Human Rights
March. Book one
United Nations action in the field of human rights
Teaching international content : Curriculum resources for social work education
Basic documents on international protection of human rights
Human rights and social justice in a global perspective : an introduction to international social work
United Nations Workshop for the Asia-Pacific Region on Human Rights Issues : Jakarta, 26-28 January 1993 : report
Human rights for the 1990s : legal, political and ethical issues
Amnesty International Report 1996.
The European convention on human rights : cases and materials : a reader for students of the international law of human rights
Who is responsible? : war crimes in Chechnya
Exploitation of child labour : final report
Moral perfectionism as a challenge to human rights
Equality, liberty, and perfectionism
Islam on serving humanity
NGOs and the universal declaration of human rights : "a curious grapevine"
Amnesty International report. 1994.
Rights based approaches to development in Ethiopia : theory, application and power dynamics
Legitimizing human rights : secular and religious perspectives
The philosophy of human rights : international perspectives
Shadows of voluntourism and the connection to orphanage business in Asia and Cambodia
Great Britain, British Jews and the international protection of Romanian Jews, 1900-1914 : a study of Jewish diplomacy and minority rights
Ground-Breaking Analysis of Russian Human Rights Activism through the European Court of Human Rights
Human rights in Denmark : status 2003
The realization of the right to development : global consultation on the right to development as a human right
Peace, integration & human rights
Using private regulation to protect human rights in global supply chains - how can consumers enforce compliance with human rights standanrds?
Political theory and the rights of man
Implementation of cultural rights within international legislative instruments
"Mountains Beyond Mountains" takes us from Harvard to Haiti, Peru, Cuba and Russia, as the charismatic but flawed genius Dr Paul Farmer challenges widely-held preconceptions about poverty and healthcare. As a medical student, Farmer found his life's calling: to cure infectious diseases and to bring the lifesaving tools of modern medicine - so readily available in the developed world - to those who need them most. Beginning in Haiti, he tackles the conditions that contribute to so many unnecessary deaths with his trademark combination of world-class expertise, unlimited compassion, and the unstinting dedication of friends and colleagues. Tracy Kidder's magnificent and moving account shows how, from achieving this modest dream, one person can make a difference in solving global problems through a clear-eyed understanding of the interaction of politics, wealth, social systems and medicine.
Gendered citizenship in Sudan : competing perceptions of women's civil rights within the family laws among northern and southern elites in Khartoum
Human rights in historical perspectived
The margin of appreciation and the European Court of Human Rights : case law relating to the Latvian nationality problem
Transnational protection of human rights
Violations of the Helsinki accords : report from Hungary : prep. for the International Helsinki Federation for Human Rights
The Arab region, an uncertain future
We are all the same, but .. : Kenyan and Swedish school children's views on children's rights
Black americans and organized labor : a new history
The Kremlin's dilemma : the struggle for human rights in Eastern Europe
The committee on economic, social and cultural rights
European Convention on Human Rights and transition of the legal culture : reception of the argumentation of the European Court of Human Rights by the Finnish supreme jurisdictions
Protection of human rights in the light of scientific and technological progress in biology and medicine : proceedings of a Round Table Conference organized by CIOMS with the assistance of Unesco and WHO, WHO Headquarters, Geneva 14, 15 and 16 November 1973 = Protection des droits de l'homme compte tenu des progres scientifiques et techniques de la biologie et de la medecine
Workshop on international human rights instruments and reporting obligations : preparation of reports to United Nations human rights treaty bodies : Moscow, 26-30 August 1991 : report
The SAGE handbook of international social work
Negative aspects of the information society were first noticed in early 90's, with the dawning of the Internet era. The article gives an overview of European initiatives undertaken and European courts' judgments delivered over the last two decades, contrasting them with eminent U.S. Supreme Court decisions. According to the author, predominance of soft law, case law and self-regulation does not in itself impede protection, given that all stakeholders act with the intention to effectively monitor and eradicate threats..
Political killings by governments
The Dark side of international business? : stakeholder approach to human trafficking in finnish service and construction sectors
The American slave coast : a history of the slave-breeding industry
Really not interested in the Deaf?
A power for peace and development : the White Papers of the Chinese government from a public diplomacy point of view
International law and human rights
Oxford handbooks online. Political science
Understanding project management in natural resource investments from a legal perspective
The concept of human rights
Mountains beyond mountains
Restrictions and limitations on human rights
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 1
Sexual health, human rights and the law
Comparative human rights
This report demonstrates the relationship between sexual health, human rights and the law. Drawing from a review of public health evidence and extensive research into human rights law at international, regional and national levels, the report shows how states in different parts of the world can and do support sexual health through legal and other mechanisms that are consistent with human rights standards and their own human rights obligations.
More than forty years have passed since members of the LGBTQ community took to the streets of New York City on the first anniversary of the Stonewall Riots for the world s first march for gay rights. From its modest, though ambitious, beginnings, the annual event has grown into an all-encompassing celebration of queer culture, drawing more than a million people. It has also come to mean many things to many people. For some, Pride has become too commercial or irrelevant as queer culture has become mainstream. To others, the festivities should be less about the politics of the gay rights movement and more about a joyful celebration of what it means to be queer. With an introduction by the nationally known satirist and activist Kate Clinton and published in the wake of the historic U.S. Supreme Court decision on same-sex marriage, "Pride and Joy" is an ode to this New York institution. Energetic, colorful, and irreverent, these images are a playful confirmation of equality. Incorporating portraits of marchers and bystanders and leading figures in the LGTBQ community, these photographs revel in the rich diversity of the parade. Exquisitely presented, the book includes interviews with members of the queer community about their relationship to the march, offering a startling variety of responses to this integral part of New York life. "Pride and Joy" is an inspiration not only to the queer community but to all those still fighting for their basic human rights.
Czechoslovakia and human rights : legal guarantees of the international covenants on human rights in Czechoslovakia
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
Human rights : a compilation of international instruments of the United Nations
International human rights in Lithuania
The new Silk Road, a glimpse to China's regime?
Restriction of Powers : Human Rights Protection in the Context of the Security Council
But in this twilight our choices seal our fate : the interplay of dignity and autonomy in defining the international legal response to the beginning of life
Indigenous peoples and the extractive sector : towards a rights-respecting engagement
Seminar on Special Problems Relating to Human Rights in Developing Countries, Nicosia, Cyprus, 26 June - 9 July 1969.
March. Book three
Status of human rights in Pakistan
Human rights : a compilation of international instruments. Vol. 1, Universal instruments
Human rights
The survey on the ratification processes of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities in seven states
World human rights guide
EU annual report on human rights 2008
Human rights in national and international law : the proceedings of the 2nd international conference on the European convention on human rights held in Vienna under the auspices of the Council of Europe and the University of Vienna, 18-20 October 1965
Includes 40 handbooks and 1531 articles.
International human rights : law, policy, and process
Human rights, rule of law and the contemporary social challenges in complex societies : proceedings of the 26th World Congress of the International Association for Philosophy of Law and Social Philosophy in Belo Horizonte, 2013
The United Nations and human rights
No future without forgiveness
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the world peace. Angry, reactionary voices distort the peaceful message of Islam and present it as a violent ideology that calls for indiscriminate killings and suicidal terrorism. Such voices are denying the possibility of a harmonious coexistence between Muslims and non-Muslims. Under such circumstances there is an urgent need for the authentic voices of Islamic scholarship to reassert the normative, mainstream teachings of Islam. Voices backed by 1400 years of scholarship that represent the creed of the overwhelming majority of the Muslim World. The Islamic Curriculum on Peace and Counter-Terrorism aims to provide resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narrative. This timely collection consists of three lectures delivered by the world renowned authority, Shaykh-ul-Islam Dr. Tahir ul-Qadri who has published over 450 books and delivered over 5500 lectures to date.
Human rights to-day
Human rights, the United States and world community
Human rights in emergencies
Mama Koko and the hundred gunmen : one ordinary family's extraordinary tale of love, loss, and survival in Congo
The Sage handbook of education for citizenship and democracy
Understanding the framing of issues in multi-actor arenas : power relations in the human rights debate
Protecting human rights in the Americas : selected problems
Human rights in the Soviet Union
Violations of children's rights in armed conflicts : international treaties, observations by peacekeepers and crisis management training in Finland
Proportionality and best interests : calibrating the twin pillars of child justice in Nigeria
Human Rights in Tourism: Conceptualization and Stakeholder Perspectives
The Role of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) in the New Economy
Torture in the eighties
Toledo guiding principles on teaching about religions and beliefs in public schools
