http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2407 data processing
data processing
Sets in Abelian groups with distinct sums of pairs
Power and performance management strategies on NoC-based multicore platforms using DVFS adaptive algorithm and task parallelism
Network : computation in neural systems
IT professional
Encyclopedia of computer science and technology
Data crush : how the information tidal wave is driving new business opportunities
Bayesian networks : an introduction
Introduction to electronic analogue computers
Stepwise development of dependable systems
Design of streaming media panoramic video system based on WebGL
A survey on software implementations of binary elliptic curves on IoT devices
Dashboarding and reporting with Power Pivot and Excel
A Research of resource scheduling algorithm based on hadoop
Feature extraction for classification : issues of intelligent integration
PHC production management system based on RFID
"A fresh take on financial data visualization for greater accuracy and understanding Your data provides a snapshot of the state of your business and is key to the success of your conversations, decisions, and communications. But all of that communication is lost or incorrectly interpreted without proper data visualizations that provide context and accurate representation of the numbers. In Visualizing Financial Data, authors Julie Rodriguez and Piotr Kaczmarek draw upon their understanding of information design and visual communication to show you how to turn your raw data into meaningful information. Coverage includes current conventions paired with innovative visualizations that cater to the unique requirements across financial domains, including investment management, financial accounting, regulatory reporting, sales, and marketing communications. Presented as a series of case studies, this highly visual guide presents problems and solutions in the context of real-world scenarios. With over 250 visualizations, youll have access to relevant examples that serve as a starting point to your implementations. " Expand the boundaries of data visualization conventions and learn new approaches to traditional charts and graphs " Optimize data communications that cater to you and your audience " Provide clarity to maximize understanding " Solve data presentation problems using efficient visualization techniques " Use the provided companion website to follow along with examples The companion website gives you the illustration files and the source data sets, and points you to the types of resources you need to get started." -- ONIX annotation
Enhancing the availability of electronic health records for secondary purposes : a case study
Data as a service : a framework for providing reusable enterprise data services
A paradigmatic analysis of contemporary schools of IS development : the temporary and literature analysis
The written questionnaire in social dialectology : history, theory, practice
Journal of global information management : an official publication of the Information Resources Management Association
Probability and statistics with R
Strategies for real-time system specification
Nested parallelism in OpenMP with application to adaptive mesh refinement
Doing surveys online
Architecting component based web applications with dependency injection
A mobile high sensitivity on-field organophosphorous compounds detecting system for IoT based food safety tracking
Multidimensional data model and query language for advances applications
IT Security risk management in the context of cloud computing : towards an understanding of the key role of providers' IT security risk perceptions
Eyes in attentive interfaces : experiences from creating iDict, a gaze-aware reading aid
Boundary element method for the friction contact problems for a deformed body and rough mobile punch
A connectionist approach to word sense disambiguation
Business information systems : technology, development and management for the e-business
IPv6 in practice : a unixer's guide to the next generation internet
Verifying safety by combining joint actions with a process-algebraic approach
Communications of the ACM
Programme and abstracts EUROGEN 2007 : evolutionary and deterministic methods for design, optimization and control with applications to industrial and societal problems : 11-13 June 2007 Jyväskylä, Finland
Statistical thinking for managers
International journal of software engineering and knowledge engineering
Hermeneutica : computer-assisted interpretation in the humanities
INFORMS journal on computing
A universal source coding perspective on PPM
Systems bioinformatics : an engineering case-based approach
Evaluating the cost and performance of cloud on-demand services against in-house smb-virtualisation resources
Journal of object-oriented programming
Content-based design engineering thinking : in the search for approach
The Finnish language in the digital age = Suomen kieli digitaalisella aikakaudella
Alan Turing and his contemporaries : building the world's first computers
Fundamentals of computing. 2, Abstraction, data structures, and large software systems
Locally linear embedding algorithm : extensions and applications
Turing's vision : the birth of computer science
SAP on the cloud
Simply scheme : introducing computer science
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of data processing
Over the last two decades, the Internet and more broadly cyberspace has had a tremendous impact on all parts of society. Governments across the world have started to develop cyber security strategies and to consider cyberspace as an increasingly important international issue. The book, in addition to the cyber threats and technology, processes cyber security from many sides as a social phenomenon and how the implementation of the cyber security strategy is carried out. The book gives a profound idea of the most spoken phenomenon of this time. The book is suitable for a wide-ranging audience from graduate to professionals/practitioners and researchers. Relevant disciplines for the book are: Telecommunications / Network security, Applied mathematics / Data analysis, Mobile systems / Security, Engineering / Security of critical infrastructure and Military science /.
Software testing : an ISTQB-BCS certified tester foundation guide
Python for data science for dummies
Proceedings of the satellite workshops of DLT 2007 : workshop on probabilistic and quantum automata : workshop on reachability problems : workshop on tilings and self-assembly
Open source development with CVS
"With increasing interest being shown in participatory research models, whether it be Wikipedia, World of Warcraft, participatory writing (like Montfort et al's 10 Print or Laurel et al's Design Research) or the more traditional communal research cultures of the arts collective or engineering lab, the Humanities is increasingly relying on computational tools to do the 'heavy lifting' necessary to process all of this information. Hermeneuti.ca, as its name implies, is about hermeneutical things--the computing tools of research that are usually hidden--how to use them, and how they are interpretative objects to be understood. Hermeneuti.ca is both a book and also a web site (http://hermeneuti.ca) that shows the interactive text analysis tools woven into the book. Essentially, Hermeneuti.ca is both a text about computer-assisted methods and a collection of analytical tools called Voyant (http://voyant-tools.org) that instantiate the authors ideas. While there is a definitely an emphasis on classic Digital Humanities work (corpus analysis, information retrieval, etc.), there is also a focus on the development of software as part of a project of knowledge that encompasses the idea of software as an active part of knowledge production that brings this book into the Software Studies series"--Provided by publisher.
Validation, verification and test of knowledge-based systems
Dark web : exploring and data mining the dark side of the web
Flexible sensor for wearable vital sign monitoring system
Computational fluid dynamics : selected topics
Essential discrete mathematics for computer science
Database of dreams : the lost quest to catalog humanity
Measuring software security from the design of software
Sentence compression with supervised machine learning
Beginning DirectX 11 Game Programming
Patterns, XML and MDV platform : a case study
Semantic inspection of software artifacts from theory to practice
The disaster recovery handbook : a step-by-step plan to ensure business continuity and protect vital operations, facilities, and assets
Second bibliographic guide to the history of computing, computers, and the information processing industry
Real-time analytics is the hottest topic in data analytics today. In Real-Time Analytics: Techniques to Analyze and Visualize Streaming Data, expert Byron Ellis teaches data analysts technologies to build an effective real-time analytics platform. This platform can then be used to make sense of the constantly changing data that is beginning to outpace traditional batch-based analysis platforms.
Scientific computing world
Graph analysis and visualization : discovering business opportunity in linked data
Discrete mathematics for computing
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
MathEdit : tool support for structured calculational proofs
Cyber Security : analytics, technology and automation
DB2 developer's guide : a solutions-oriented approach to learning the foundation and capabilities of DB2 for z/OS
Introduction to nursing informatics
Dependability aspects in the development and provision of location-based services
Role of information systems and DNA fingerprinting in crime investigation
Healthcare analytics : from data to knowledge to healthcare improvement
A method to model wood by using ABAQUS finite element software. Part 1, Constitutive model and computational details
The nonstationary Maxwell system in domains with edges and conical points
An introduction to computational fluid mechanics by example
International journal of cooperative information systems
Automatic assessment of assignments in mathematics and computing science by adaptive testing.
"The Sneaky Music Player" : analysis of Android application security threats and countermeasures
Multiscale analysis of deformation and failure of materials
Visualization of routing algorithms
On-chip communications models
Introduction to MATLAB with numerical preliminaries
A method to model wood by using ABAQUS finite element software. Part 2, Application to dowel type connections
Demonstrates how knowledge management can be used to enhance business processes. It focuses on the need to develop collaborative knowledge networks, which are increasingly global in nature and which support people with the technology needed to work across distance to foster the innovation needed to remain competitive in global environments.
Knowledge mining using robust clustering
Dawsonera: "Computers play a crucial role in our day-to-day lives. With more than 150 black-and-white photographs and illustrations, "Encyclopedia of Computer Science and Technology, Revised Edition" provides a detailed examination of this fascinating field for students and general readers alike. This necessary update boasts more than 50 - per cent new material - a total of more than 550 updated entries, nearly 200 new to this edition, that reflect current information. Helpful appendixes include a chronology of significant events in computing, a listing of achievements in the field, and brief descriptions and contact information for some important organizations in the computer field. Major corporations and organizations in the computer field are now covered, as well as many new biographies. Further reading sections have been revised and expanded with the latest resources".
Cognitive cooking with Chef Watson : recipes for innovation from IBM & the Institute of Culinary Education
Advances in computers
Bounded model checking for verifying concurrent programs
Computational social science : discovery and prediction
Accounting for data processing costs
The proliferation of technology has affected all aspects of human life, yet the continuing possibilities of their effects on education have yet to be fully explored. When viewed separately, one may believe that only paltry solutions can be wrought from online and web-based education; however, when applied and studied in a dynamic, interactive sense, these advancements may alter the very notion of learning and education. Revolutionizing Education through Web-Based Instruction is a comprehensive, multi-disciplinary exploration of the emerging digital opportunities available to educators. This book presents contemporary theoretical frameworks as well as practical research findings that support the use of these new computer-assisted teaching techniques. The myriad of research-based topics featured in this book allow for a thorough, diverse discussion about education, technology, and the intersection therein. This title is an invaluable resource for instructors, students of education, and researchers and professionals in the fields of knowledge management.
Student capabilities to utilize m-learning service in new smart phones
Computational methods for large systems : electronic structure approaches for biotechnology and nanotechnology
Demonstrating Social Networks with Java
State-of-the-Art of mobile learning usability and user experiences
Algorithms unlocked
Understanding computers : today and tomorrow : comprehensive
Accuracy improvements in display performance measurements using an imaging colorimeter
Customer stimulation in lean software develpment
When the stakes are high and the job is complex, rely on this complete guide to implementing Financial Accounting. Master the processes, subcomponents, and tools you need and align your FI system with unique business requirements, from intricate system configuration to versatile mobile apps. Up to date for EHP 7, this book details step-by-step instructions and examples for integrating FI with CO, SD, PP, and MM.
Optimal design of experiments : a case study approach
Fabrication and pseudo-analog characteristics of Ta2O5-based ReRAM cell
Gene assembly in ciliates : molecular operations
Systems and software engineering : software life cycle processes = Ingénierie des systémes et du logiciel : processus du cycle de vie du logiciel
Trading online : a step-by-step guide to cyberprofits
Real-time analytics : techniques to analyze and visualize streaming data
Automation in forestry : development of unmanned forwarders
Computing by commuting
Onboarding for a large and agile software develpment project.
The design and implementation of a SD card file system
Quantitative research in social science research is changing rapidly. Researchers have vast and complex arrays of data with which to work: we have incredible tools to sift through the data and recognize patterns in that data; there are now many sophisticated models that we can use to make sense of those patterns; and we have extremely powerful computational systems that help us accomplish these tasks quickly. This book focuses on some of the extraordinary work being conducted in computational social science - in academia, government, and the private sector - while highlighting current trends, challenges, and new directions. Thus, Computational Social Science show cases the innovative methodological tools being developed and applied by leading researchers in this new field. The book shows how academics and the private sector are using many of these tools to solve problems in social science and public policy.
Intelligence and security informatics : IEEE International Conference on Intelligence and Security Informatics, ISI 2005, Atlanta, GA, USA, May 19-20, 2005 : proceedings
Methods of linguistic data collection are among the most central aspects in empirical linguistics. While written questionnaires have only played a minor role in the field of social dialectology, the study of regional and social variation, the last decade has seen a methodological revival. This book is the first monograph-length account on written questionnaires in more than 60 years. It reconnects - for the newcomer and the more seasoned empirical linguist alike - the older questionnaire tradition, last given serious treatment in the 1950s, with the more recent instantiations, reincarnations and new developments in an up-to-date, near-comprehensive account. A disciplinary history of the method sets the scene for a discussion of essential theoretical aspects in dialectology and sociolinguistics. The book is rounded off by a step-by-step practical guide - from study idea to data analysis and statistics - that includes hands-on sections on Excel and the statistical suite R for the novice.
Pertti Järvinen 60 vuotta työtä tieteen hyväksi = Pertti Järvinen 60 years work for science
Player authentication based on mouse and keyboard dynamics
iComponent - device-independent platform for analyzing eye movement data and developing eye-based applications
Microsoft's revolutionary Power Pivot is a tool that allows users to create and transform data into reports and dashboards in new and much more powerful ways using the most-used analytical tool in the world: Excel. Written by a member of Microsoft's Power Pivot team and one of the leading Power Pivot bloggers, this guide to the business analysis resource follows Jim, a fictional business analyst, as he attempts to create a dashboard report for his CFO that will allow him to see business performance and drill down into the reports for additional details. Readers will learn what a dashboard is, how to design one, and how to create Power View sheets that allow for additional levels of reporting and highly interactive data visualizations. The book covers in detail how to combine and shape the relevant data, build the dashboard in Excelproviding layout and design tips and tricksprepare the model to work with fiscal dates, and show values used in many financial reports, including year-to-date, variance-to-target, percentage-of-total, and running totals reports. Accessibly written, this book offers readers a practical, real-world scenario and can be used as a day-to-day reference. Though the guide focuses on Power Pivot for Excel 2010, a chapter that discusses Power Viewcompatible with Excel 2013is also included.
Mathematical foundations of computer science. Volume 1, sets, relations, and induction
Bounding the indegree of spiking neural P systems
Testing in functional programming
This book offers a self-contained introduction to the theory and applications of Bayesian Networks. Bayesian networks are a topic of interest and importance for statisticians, computer scientists and those involved in modelling and the learning of complex data sets. The material included in this introductory guide has been extensively tested in classroom teaching and assumes a basic knowledge of probability and statistics course and basic mathematics. All notions are explained carefully with an extensive set of exercises throughout the book as well as computer exercises. A solutions manual is also provided online.
Developing Archaeological Database in Finland : case: Lahti City Museum
The Cambridge handbook of information and computer ethics
Routledge German dictionary of information technology = Wörterbuch Informationstechnologie Deutsch-Englisch/Englisch-Deutsch
The data compression book
Call-by-name, call-by-need, and McCarthy's amb
IEEE/ACM transactions on networking
Structures of string matching and data compression
Data mining and learning analytics : applications in educational research
Shouting fire on crowded internet : examining the ethical arguments for Internet censorship: case Cleanfeed United Kingdom
Transfer : review, reconstruction, and resolution
Calculi for program incorrectness and arithmetic
SPSS primer : statistical package for the social sciences primer
Modern analysis of customer surveys : with applications using R
Wireless impact force measuring system based on acceleration
Evaluation of machine learning classifiers for mobile network intrusion detection systems
Customer discovery and customer validation in Lean software startups
Journal of software maintenance and evolution : research and practice
On the semantics of data abstraction
Gene assembly in ciliates : formal frameworks
An introduction to modern mathematical computing : with mapleTM
Toward a reliable classifier for arrhythmia diagnosis
Digital symposium collection. Vol. 2, no. 2
MIS quarterly executive : a research journal devoted to improving practice
Digital signal processsing using MATLAB for students and researchers
Componentwise splitting methods for pricing American options under stochastic volatility
Product-Focused Software Process Improvement : 15th International Conference, PROFES 2014 : Helsinki, Finland, December 10-12, 2014 : Proceedings Volume 2
IEEE software
Developing effective educational experiences through learning analytics
An introduction to music technology
Model selection methods for linear regression and phylogenetic reconstruction
'Data scientist at work' is a collection of interviews with sixteen of the world's most influential and innovative data scientist from across the spectrum of this hot new profession.
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of data structures
Data & knowledge engineering
Introduction to Windows Azure : an introduction to cloud computing using Microsoft Windows Azure
IEEE computer graphics and applications
Optimization of axially moving webs subjected to instability and fracture
Corrective maintenance maturity model : problem management
A study of multimedia video player based on FFMPEG
DNA complementarity and paradigms of computing
Coding and lossless data compression
Computer science research in Finland 2000-2006 : international evaluation
Monetization of free-to-play mobile games
Moral conflicts in a project course in information systems education
A constructive approach to Sylvester's conjecture
The integration of JasperReports to MHG ERP System
Information Processing '94 : proceedings of the IFIP 13th World Computer Congress, Hamburg, Germany, 28 August - 2 September, 1994. Volume 3, Linkage and developing countries
Spectral analysis of symmetric and anti-symmetric pairwise kernels
A DBTechNet Project for VET Teacher Training on Database SQL Transactions
Sport business analytics : using data to increase revenue and improve operational efficiency
Lyapunov quantities and limit cycles in two-dimensional dynamical systems : analytical methods, symbolic computation and visualization
Degree Programme in Business Information Technology yearbook 2013-2014 Hämeenlinna, Finland
Experimental and efficient algorithms : Third International Workshop, WEA 2004, Angra dos Reis, Brazil, May 25-28, 2004 : proceedings
Degree Programme in Business Information Technology yearbook 2012-2013
Data scientists at work
Data management in IoT based food safety monitoring system
Social engineering attacks in online social networks : a systematic literature review
This book is an authoritative handbook of current topics, technologies and methodological approaches that may be used for the study of scholarly impact. The included methods cover a range of fields such as statistical sciences, scientific visualization, network analysis, text mining, and information retrieval. The techniques and tools enable researchers to investigate metric phenomena and to assess scholarly impact in new ways. Each chapter offers an introduction to the selected topic and outlines how the topic, technology or methodological approach may be applied to metrics-related research. Comprehensive and up-to-date, Measuring Scholarly Impact: Methods and Practice is designed for researchers and scholars interested in informetrics, scientometrics, and text mining. The hands-on perspective is also beneficial to advanced-level students in fields from computer science and statistics to information science.
Fabrication and pseudo-analog characterics of Ta2O5-based ReRAM cell
Organic field-effect transistors with novel semiconductor materials
Understanding computers : today and tomorrow
Computer lib/Dream machines
The Deliverability of the BIT Programme at Lahti UAS in Training BIT Experts
Qualitative research for the information professional : a practical handbook
Knowledge management : organizing knowledge based enterprises
Analysis of errors caused by incomplete knowledge of material data in mathematical models of elastic media
Data processing in biology and geology : proceedings of a symposium held at the Department of Geology, University of Cambridge, 24-26 September, 1969
Mechanical treatment of syntactic material in Finnish dialects
A study of IoT platforms and ecosystems
Semantic interoperability for IoT health systems using HL7 standard
On axially moving webs under fracture and instability constraints
Digital Design Essentials : 100 Ways to Design Better Desktop, Web, and Mobile Interfaces
Information processing letters
Intrusion detection in an IBC network by independent network monitoring system
IFIP guide to concepts and terms in data processing
Working papers on computer processing of syntactic data
Possibilities of telework as an organisational tool for the flexible arrangement of teachers' work from the teacher's viewpoint
Context modeling and utilization in heterogeneous networks
Configuring financial accounting in SAP
Design as discourse : representation, representational practice, and social practice
Proceedings of the Seventh Finnish Symposium on Computer Science in Liperi, January 10-12, 1994
Computing with quantum cats : from colossus to qubits
Macmillan dictionary of microcomputing
Optimal shape design in a fibre orientation model
Towards effective fault prevention : an empirical study in software engineering
Computational chemistry using the PC
Getting started with DB2 application development : a book for the community by the community
Face analysis techniques for human-computer interaction
SIAM journal on computing
Experimental computational coordination mechanisms for software testing
Advanced persistent threats : proactive mitigation solutions for organizations
Crafting wearables : blending technology with fashion
Cost effective quality food service : an Institutional guide
Enhancing security of IoT through quantum cryptography
The quality of students' learning experiences is a critical concern for all higher education institutions. With the assistance of modern technological advances, educational establishments have the capability to better understand the strengths and weaknesses of their learning programs. Developing Effective Educational Experiences through Learning Analytics is a pivotal reference source that focuses on the adoption of data mining and analysis techniques in academic institutions, examining how this collected information is utilized to improve the outcome of student learning. Highlighting the relevance of data analytics to current educational practices, this book is ideally designed for researchers, practitioners, and professionals actively involved in higher education settings.
SAP BusinessObjects BI 4.0 : the complete reference
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration. Mineral exploration and mapping within thick glacial overburden, peatlands and different conservation areas is demanding, sensitive and expensive. The best practices for mineral exploration (techniques and concepts) from cost and environmental perspectives have been developed in the project 'Novel technologies for greenfield exploration' funded by Finnish Funding Agency for Innovation (Tekes). Essential exploration techniques include the concurrent use of geological, geochemical and geophysical surveys. These techniques allow the location and thorough investigation of the geological processes responsible for mineral deposits and indications of ore-forming processes, or in suitable conditions, the direct identification of mineral deposits. The efficiency and success of exploration require not only high quality data processing and interpretation, but also the consideration of environmental aspects, which are particularly important in sensitive northern, sub-Arctic areas. The results and methodological advances arising from this project could particularly serve companies and organizations conducting grass root mineral exploration in a regional scale. The techniques can also be adopted in target-scale exploration.
Tailoring an electronic diary : "What if it becomes too complicated?"
Technology strategies for the hospitality industry
Dynamic workload parallelization and system calibration on single-chip cloud computer
This book introduces the exciting intersection of technology and fashion known as wearable computing. Learn about the future of electronics in clothing and testiles, and be a part of creating that future! Crafting Wearables begins with the history of the field, then covers current practices and future trends. You will gain deeper insight into the strategy behind the design of wearable devices while learning about the tools and materials needed to start your own wearables toolbox. In a time when consumer electronics are becoming smaller and seamlessly integrated into our lives, it is important to understand how technology can improve and augment your lifestyle. Wearables are in a sense the most organic and natural interface we can design, yet there is still doubt about how quickly wearable technologies will become the cultural norm. Furthermore, skills that have become less valuable over the years, such as sewing, are making a return with the wearables movement. Gives a better understanding of wearable technology and how it has evolved Teaches basic skills and techniques to familiarize you with the tools and materials Showcases breakthrough designs and discoveries that impact our everyday interactions.
Revolutionizing education through web-based instruction
Words and phrases : corpus studies of lexical semantics
Statistical analysis of questionnaires : a unified approach based on R and Stata
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration
Perception of privacy in smartphone applications : profiling users based on personality traits
Automata-theoretic and bounded model checking for linear temporal logic
Genetic algorithms, parameter control and function optimization : a new approach
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
Remote observation of radioactive permit-required confined spaces : case: Posiva oy's fuel handling cell
Computing for comparative microbial genomics : bioinformatics for microbiologists
Active database management systems for monitoring and control
Web engineering : a practitioner's approach
Abstract (s. 7).
Making sense of the business environment via the help of intelligent agents
Just a few years before the dawn of the digital age, Harvard psychologist Bert Kaplan set out to build the largest database of sociological information ever assembled. It was the mid-1950s, and social scientists were entranced by the human insights promised by Rorschach tests and other innovative scientific protocols. Kaplan, along with anthropologist A. I. Hallowell and a team of researchers, sought out a varied range of non-European subjects-among remote and non-literate peoples around the globe and elsewhere. Recording their dreams, stories, and innermost thoughts in a vast database, Kaplan envisioned future researchers accessing the data through the cutting-edge Readex machine. Almost immediately, however, technological developments and the obsolescence of the theoretical framework rendered the project irrelevant, and eventually it was forgotten. In a scrupulously researched and captivating new book, Rebecca Lemov recounts the story of Kaplan's quest and brings to light an informative and disturbing chapter in the prehistory of Big Data.
From the publisher: Understanding Computers: Today and Tomorrow gives your students a classic introduction to computer concepts with a modern twist! Known for its emphasis on industry insight and societal issues, this text makes concepts relevant to today's career-focused students.
Measuring scholarly impact
An invitation to computer science
A study of multicast performance in IEEE 802.11 wireless local area networks
Usability and security in medication administration applications
Statistics and chemometrics for analytical chemistry
Computer intensive methods in control and signal processing : the curse of dimensionality
Introduction to computing
Constructing OLAP cubes based on queries
Medical informatics : knowledge management and data mining in biomedicine
