http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24049 babbling
babbling
Vocalisation and feeding skills in extremely preterm infants : an intensive follow-up from birth to first word and first step
The Cambridge handbook of child language
"The best survey of the subject available, The Cambridge Handbook of Child Language brings together the world's foremost researchers to provide a one-stop resource for the study of language acquisition and development. Grouped into five thematic sections, the handbook is organized by topic, making it easier for students and researchers to use when looking up specific in-depth information. It covers a wider range of subjects than any other handbook on the market, with chapters covering both theories and methods in child language research and tracing the development of language from prelinguistic infancy to teenager. Drawing on both established and more recent research, the Handbook surveys the crosslinguistic study of language acquisition; prelinguistic development; bilingualism; sign languages; specific language impairment, language and autism, Down syndrome and Williams syndrome. This book will be an essential reference for students and researchers working in linguistics, psychology, cognitive science, speech pathology, education and anthropology"--
"This Handbook aims to provide an overview of current theoretical approaches and research in a range of topics related to child language. The field is multidimensional, as illustrated by the many courses on child language or language acquisition that are taught in departments of Linguistics, Psychology, Cognitive Science, Speech Pathology, Education and Anthropology. This cross disciplinary nature of the field is reflected in this Handbook, which is aimed at upper-level undergraduate students and beyond. Graduate students and researchers will find the chapters invaluable. Clinicians also will find some of the chapters of interest. In this introductory chapter we present a general overview of the field and some of the recent developments. In section 1.4 we discuss the organization of this volume and provide an overview of each chapter"--
Development of vocalizations in deaf and normally hearing infants
