http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2405 industrial counsellors
industrial counsellors
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems' security
C20th design
Handbook of automotive engineering
Design of racing and high performance engines
Executive summary  (s. 13-22).
An encyclopaedia of the history of technology
BFF : Das Jahrbuch 2009 = The 2009 yearbook
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 4, Environment
Heavy vehicle industry and its suppliers in China
The role of the chemist in automotive design
Ageing of composites
Anglo-russkij avtotraktornyj slovar' : okolo 50 000 terminov = English-Russian automotive dictionary : about 50 000 terms
Ship knowledge : covering ship design, construction and operation
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
The worldwide success of wireless communications was originally fueled by the possibility to replace existing cables with wireless solutions. This phenomenon imposed the development of security engineering as a multidisciplinary field. Although wireless solutions can reduce installation costs and allow introducing new services, the end–users expect it to have the same level of security as they would normally have with wired solutions. Secure communications is an important part of the overall security of industrial wireless communications systems (IWCS).The aim of this thesis is to develop new security engineering methodologies for IWCS. The author develops countermeasures against confidentiality and integrity attacks and carries out a security analysis covering the protocol, electromagnetic and physical layer. In the first part of the thesis, Host Identity Protocol (HIP) is utilized to secure communication in an intra–vehicular network. Simulations and measurement campaigns are also conducted to evaluate the impact of the overhead on security in a tunnel, considering line–of–sight (LOS) and non–LOS (NLOS) scenarios.Electromagnetic analysis (EMA) is an important step in the development of safety–related systems. Today, the increasing usage of smaller integrated circuit also increases the susceptibility to electromagnetic (EM) interference. From near–field (NF) to far–field (FF) transformation, a method for the evaluation of the emissions leakage is investigated. The virtual EM (VEM) interface of the device–under–test (DUT) is studied, and it is described how an adversary can exploit it for denial of service (DoS) attacks. An effective jamming attack model is studied, and the theoretical calculations are validated with experiment–based results.Finally, focusing attention on physical layer security, two algorithms are developed. Active radio frequency fingerprinting (RFF) implements the exchange of a public key during the setup of secure communication. Afterwards, utilizing a jamming receiver in conjunction with the spread spectrum (SS) watermarking technique, the watermark–based blind physical layer security (WBPLSec) protocol is presented. The analysis and results indicate how the WBPLSec seems to be a valuable technique for deploying physical layer security by creating a secure region around the receiver.
A study of the evolution of concentration in the manufacture and supply of tyres, sparking plugs, and motor-vehicle accumulators for the United Kingdom : a report prepared for the Diroctcrate-General for Competition of the Commission of the European Communities
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 1, General
20th C design
Vehicle thermal management systems : held on 18-21 May 2003 at the Hilton Brighton Metropole Hotel, Brighton, UK
Commercial road vehicles
Load lines : International Convention on Load Lines, 1966 and protocol of 1988, as amended in 2003.
A century of design : design pioneers of the 20th century
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 2, Trade
Trade and structural adjustment : embracing globalisation
The machine that changed the world : the story of lean production
Automotive technology : a systems approach
International competitiveness and business strategies : motorboat industry
Internal market : current status 1 July 1994. Vol. 4, A new community standards policy : the new approach in harmonization motor vehicles, tractors and agricultural machinery, foodstuffs, pharmaceutical products, chemical products, construction, other areas
Lithium batteries : science and technology
The birth of lean : conversations with Taiichi Ohno, Eiji Toyoda, and other figures who shaped Toyota management
European business : facts and figures
Life cycle environmental evaluation and cost analysis of structural automotive materials
The use and impacts of EDI in the automotive industry : current practice and opportunities for subcontractors
Effects of strain rate and temperature on the mechanical behavior of advanced high strength steels
BFF : das Jahrbuch 2010 = the yearbook 2010
Absolutely best cross-sections book ever
BFF : Das Jahrbuch 2008 = The 2008 yearbook
Effects of the end-of life vehicles directive on the European car manufacturing industry and its possible opportunities for creating a source of raw materials
Design since 1945
An international selection of the best in product design = ein internationaler Überblick über das beste Produktdesign = un panorama international du design de produits
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
The sources of complementary competitive advantages for systems' manufacturers in the aircraft modernization market
Regulatory politics in the enlarging European Union : weighing civic and producer interests
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 3, Finance
Europe's automotive industry on the move : competitiveness in a changing world
Concept car design : driving the dream
The look of the century
Build to order : the road to the 5-day car
Motor vehicles
Firm power and interdependence in international strategic alliances
The technological history and future of the motorcar : the macroeconomic position of the car industry
Internal market : current status in 1 January 1993. Vol. 4, A new Community standards policy : the new approach in harmonization, motor vehicles, tractors and agricultural machinery, foodstuffs, pharmaceutical products, construction, other areas
Two billion cars : driving toward sustainability
The machine that changed the world
Transactions
A century of paper making. 3, United Paper Mills ltd 1952-1969 : the era of Juuso Walden
Improving air quality : progress and challenges for the auto industry
