http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24097 Twitter
Twitter
User-driven data capture : locating and analysing Twitter conversation about cystic fibrosis without keywords
Go tweet yourself : 365 reasons why Twitter, Facebook, MySpace, and other social networking sites suck
Syria from afar : how journalists in Finland and Germany cover the first YouTube war
Following Searle on Twitter : how words create digital institutions
Twitter marketing : promote yourself and your business on earth's hottest social network
Pogue's basics : essential tips and shortcuts (that no one bothers to tell you) for simplifying the technology in your life
Social media : how to skyrocket your business through social media marketing!
Twitter, alcohol and wasted war stories : potted lessons in social media-based methodologies
Identifying the events that connect social media users : charting follower accession on Twitter
Twitchhiker : how one man travelled the world by Twitter
The Twitter book
Social media : marketing strategies for rapid growth using: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, Pinterest and YouTube
Telling personal stories from his early life and careers, the co-founder of Twitter and one of today's most successful businessmen shares his knowledge about the nature and importance of ingenuity today.
Socially influencing systems:persuading people to engage with publicly displayed Twitter-based systems
Abstract.
Hatching Twitter : a true story of money, power, friendship and betrayal
Social media content as a high potential indicator for measuring innovation performance
Hatching Twitter : a true story of money, power, friendship, and betrayal
To rise again at a decent hour : a novel
Evaluating corporate social media use : on facebook, twitter and blogs
Twitter as a tool in crisis communication in the European Union area
Interpreting hashtag politics : policy ideas in an era of social media
Job searching with social media for dummies
Social Media as a Marketing Tool for a Small Business
A long way from labels : a sociolinguistic study on the evolution of meaning-making through Instagram hashtags
Towards better stakeholder engagement in social media : analyzing Metso Corporation's followers on Twitter
Social media strategy for the German-Finnish Chamber of Commerce
Things a little bird told me : confessions of the creative mind
Supporting awareness in creative group work by exposing design rationale
140 characters : a style guide for the short form
Twitter : tips, tricks, and tweets
Finding customers through social media
Tell everyone : why we share & why it matters
Invisible New York cities : 100 days of nearby tweets
140 characters magic, succinct and approachable : a critical study of brand marketing strategies on twitter
You.com : manage your online self for profit, image and business success
Discourse of Twitter and Social Media : How We Use Language to Create Affiliation on the Web
Social media : marketing strategies for twitter, facebook, snapchat, linkedin and instagram
Everyday Twitter made easy
Internet marketing bible for accountants : the complete guide to using social media and online advertising including Facebook, Twitter, Google and Linkedin for cpas and accounting firms
Social networking for the older and wiser : connect with family and friends, old and new
Politics and the Twitter revolution : how tweets influence the relationship between political leaders and the public
This case study summarises researchers' experiences using Twitter as a research tool. Specifically, that involved using Twitter for the identification, invitation and incentivisation of survey participants in a study of alcohol consumption among Australian Twitter users. In this 'auto-ethnographic research war story', the authors describe their discovery of four unexpected features of the Twitter ecosystem. These are rorting, service provision issues, risk-averse behaviour and Twitter users' community-based behaviour.
Twitter marketing : an hour a day
Conversations with visitors : social media in museums : selected essays
Utilizing social media in a tourism company
Social media marketing workbook : how to use social media for business
Dominate your market with Twitter : dominte your way to business success
"Hold on! Apua tulossa." : English practices among Finnish Twitter users
Using Twitter in social science research
Get up to speed with online marketing : how to use websites, blogs, social networking and much more
The Issue Arena of a Corporate Social Responsibility Crisis : The Volkswagen Case in Twitter
Bloggerati, twitterati : how blogs and Twitter are transforming popular culture
Meatspace
Google this : the new media driver's licenseʼ
Our black skin is the problem. Our skin is the target. We could be doing nothing, yet they will say we do everything : distancing and solidarity via metaphors and metonymy in a critical discourse analysis of #blacklivesmatter Twitter discourse
Twitter and society
Got social mediology? : using psychology to master social media for your business without spending a dime
Digital revolutions : activism in the Internet age
Everything you ever wanted to know about Social Media, but were afraid to ask: building your business using consumer generated media
Experientializing – how C2C communication becomes part of the service experience : the case of live-tweeting and TV-viewing
The little book of Twitter
Social Media Marketing for Business-to-Business Organizations
Sports Fans 2.0 : an introduction
A guide to developing high-impact and low-cost marketing strategies that work. This small-business guide covers all the basics of using Twitter, Linked-in, Facebook and YouTube to grow your business.
Learn marketing with social media in 7 days
Twitterature : the world's greatest books retold through twitter
Tweeting to power : the social media revolution in American politics
The emergence of Twitter has created a new Internet tool, a new kind of social media. With its growing number of users, Twitter's influence has significantly increased. Companies have come to realize the strength and importance of Twitter. A large number of enterprises have begun to take advantage of the “Twitter Effect,” using it as a tool for brand marketing. Twitter facilitates convenient interaction between enterprises and their customers, which enables businesses to get a clear and timely idea of market trends and customer needs. Moreover, marketing costs at Twitter are low. These two aspects make Twitter a good tool to maintain brand image and improve corporate influence. It could even help solve business crises in rapid and effective ways. Powerful as it is, Twitter is not a panacea for brand marketing, because advantages always come with disadvantages. How to make full use of Twitter's advantages while avoiding its disadvantages is the main objective of this thesis. Empirical part is formed as case studies, I started going through the companies from 28 December, completed all the writings by the end of February.    The thesis introduces four companies registered on Twitter as the research objects for case study. They are either successfully or badly managed. The result of the case studies has been determined that Twitter could be a great platform for brand marketing, depending on whether there is a good marketing strategy supporting the brand or not. It is believed that Twitter will mature in the next few years, the role it plays in brand marketing will get more and more important, and more convincing and successful marketing cases will evolve. Twitter is still in a period of rapid development, with great potential for brand marketing in the future.
It ́s your world, so change it
Blogging all-in-one for dummies
"The Social Media Marketing Workbook makes it easier than ever to market your business on all the major social media networks - from Facebook to Twitter, Linkedln to Yelp, Pinterest to YouTube and everything in between."--Back cover
Social media marketing plan for a language school
"How can Twitter data be used to study individual-level human behavior and social interaction on a global scale? This book introduces readers to the methods, opportunities, and challenges of using Twitter data to analyze phenomena ranging from the number of people infected by the flu, to national elections, to tomorrow's stock prices. Each chapter, written by leading domain experts in clear and accessible language, takes the reader to the forefront of the newly emerging field of computational social science. An introductory chapter on Twitter data analysis provides an overview of key tools and skills, and gives pointers on how to get started, while the case studies demonstrate shortcomings, limitations, and pitfalls of Twitter data as well as its advantages. The book will be an excellent resource for social science students and researchers wanting to explore the use of online data"--
Twitter top success secrets and best practices : Twitter experts share the world's greatest tips
Marketing with social media : 10 easy steps to success for business
Free marketing in social media : 500 tactics & best practices : Twitter, Facebook, MySpace, YouTube & more
Identity Use and Misuse of Public Persona on Twitter
The tao of Twitter : changing your life and business 140 characters at a time
Twitter marketing for dummies
Social media such as microblogging services andsocial networking sites are changing the way people interact online and searchfor information and opinions. This book investigates linguistic patterns in electronic discourse,looking at online evaluative language, Internet slang, memes and ambientaffiliation using a large Twitter corpus (over 100 million tweets) alongsidespecialized case studies. The author argues that we are currently witnessing a cultural movement fromonline conversation to what can be termed 'searchable talk' - online talk wherepeople affiliate by making their discourse findabl
Trendology : building an advantage through data-driven real-time marketing
The story of Twitter
The power and promise of social media as a resource and tool for doing social research is widely recognised and much vaunted. Social media data are becoming an increasingly attractive resource for social scientists, but the question remains as to what exactly we might want to do with data like these. This study describes a small-scale interdisciplinary project in medical sociology which instigated the development of an innovative method for making practical use of 'big data' drawn from Twitter. What results is a depiction of how a collaboration between software developers, requirements engineers and social scientists demonstrated a need for a new method of data capture.
Utilizing Social Media in a Tourism Company
Adoption of Twitter in Finland: the young Finnish speakers
Politics and the Twitter Revolution: How Tweets Influence the Relationship between Political Leaders and the Public by John H. Parmelee and Shannon L. Bichard is the first comprehensive examination of how Twitter is used politically. Surveys and in-depth interviews with political Twitter users answer several important questions, including: Who follows the political leaders on Twitter, and why? How persuasive are political tweets? Is political Twitter use good for democracy? These and other questions are answered from theoretical perspectives, such as uses and gratifications, word-of-mouth communication, selective exposure, innovation characteristics, and the continuity-discontinuity framework. In addition, content analysis and frame analysis illustrate how political leaders' tweets frame their policies and personalities. The findings in Politics and the Twitter Revolution show Twitter to be surprisingly influential on political discourse. Twitter has caused major changes in how people engage politically. Followers regularly take actions that are requested in leaders' tweets, and, in many cases, leaders' tweets shape followers' political views more than friends and family. Other findings raise concerns. For some, Twitter use contributes to political polarization, and there is frequently a disconnect between what followers expect from leaders on Twitter and what those leaders are giving them.
Dr Luke Sloan discusses using Twitter in social science research and how best to use social media for research. All social media platforms can be used to conduct social science research, but Twitter is an open site with public data. Sloan discusses the research he has done with Twitter on a UK General Election and on the London Olympic Games.
Twitter tips, tricks, and tweets
Socially influencing systems : persuading people to engage with publicly displayed Twitter-based systems
Since its launch in 2006, Twitter has evolved from a niche service to a mass phenomenon; it has become instrumental for everyday communication as well as for political debates, crisis communication, marketing, and cultural participation. But the basic idea behind it has stayed the same: users may post short messages (tweets) of up to 140 characters and follow the updates posted by other users. Drawing on the experience of leading international Twitter researchers from a variety of disciplines and contexts, this is the first book to document the various notions and concepts of Twitter communication, providing a detailed and comprehensive overview of current research into the uses of Twitter. It also presents methods for analyzing Twitter data and outlines their practical application in different research contexts..
The discourse of Twitter and social media
Social media marketing all-in-one for dummies
The Supersti+Tech project : a reinterpretation of superstition through new media
Real-time sentiment analysis of Twitter public stream
Get up to speed with online marketing : how to use websites, blogs, social networking and more to promote your business
Twitter : social communication in the Twitter age
Twitter application development for dummies
Social media, sociality and survey research
Professional learning in the digital age : the educator's guide to user-generated learning
Help! I'm a Facebookaholic : inside the crazy world of social networking
Twitterville : how businesses can thrive in the new global neighborhoods
101 social media tactics for nonprofits : a field guide
Music promotion on social media web sites : creating social media presence for the band Nemecic
Tweeting God, guns and the constitution : the online impression management and political branding of Sarah Palin
The zen of social media marketing : an easier way to build credibility, generate buzz, and increase revenue
This book offers 365 reasons to convince the reader that social networking is akin to a zombie invasion that is eating all of our brains.
Social Media - Brand Building Tool
Celebrity practice in networked media : a case study of Lady Gaga and Twitter
Ping : how to tap into the power of traditional and social media to massively improve your profile and profits
This is social media : tweet, blog, link and post your way to business success
Following tweets around : informetric methodology for the twittersphere
The science of marketing : when to tweet, what to post, how to blog, and other proven strategies
Recent research efforts have taken advantage of functionality provided by Twitter's Application Programming Interface to develop methodologies to extract information that allows us to understand the growth of Twitter, its geographic spread and the processes by which particular Twitter users have attracted followers. From politicians to sporting teams, and from YouTube personalities to reality television stars, this technique enables us to gain an understanding of what prompts users to follow others on Twitter. This article outlines how we came upon this approach, describes the method we adopted to produce accession graphs and discusses their use in Twitter research. It also addresses the wider ethical implications of social network analytics, particularly in the context of a detailed study of the Twitter user base.
Facebook, Twitter & YouTube : A social media guide for the city of Ravensburg
"Biz Stone, the co-founder of Twitter, discusses the power of creativity and how to harness it, through stories from his remarkable life and career. From GQ's "Nerd of the Year" to one of Time's most influential people in the world, Biz Stone represents different things to different people. But he is known to all as the creative, effervescent, funny, charmingly positive and remarkably savvy co-founder of Twitter--the social media platform that singlehandedly changed the way the world works. Now, Biz tells fascinating, pivotal, and personal stories from his early life and his careers at Google and Twitter, sharing his knowledge about the nature and importance of ingenuity today. In Biz's world: opportunity can be manufactured; great work comes from abandoning a linear way of thinking; creativity never runs out; asking questions is free; empathy is core to personal and global success. In this book, Biz also addresses failure, the value of vulnerability, ambition, and corporate culture. Whether seeking behind-the-scenes stories, advice, or wisdom and principles from one of the most successful businessmen of the new century, THINGS A LITTLE BIRD TOLD ME will satisfy every reader"--
Supporting Awareness in Creative Group Work by Exposing Design Rationale
Facebook & Twitter for seniors for dummies
Social media for school leaders : a comprehensive guide to getting the most out of Facebook, Twitter, and other essential Web tools
As of 2012, Twitter has over 100 million active users worldwide, generating close to 230 million Tweets per day. Encouraged by sports shows that incorporate social media as a major component of their programming strategies, sports fans and athletes have proven to be some of the most prolific and adept users of Twitter and other social media platforms. Social media has made it possible for fans to cross the virtual barrier that separates them from the teams they love and the athletes they follow, changing the way fans and athletes interact in the world of sports. In Sports Fans 2.0: How Fans Are Using Social Media to Get Closer to the Game, David M. Sutera explores the increasingly participatory nature of contemporary sports fandom and spectatorship. He examines the ways in which digital media has created and facilitated new channels for sports fan engagement, and how technology has enhanced the fan's perception of participating in America's sports culture. In addition, Sutera shows how high-profile athletes are using social media to increase their fan base and promote their own celebrity status, creating the sense that they are more accessible to their fans. Social media has forever altered the way sports fans and athletes engage with each other. Covering a wide range of sports and social media outlets, Sports Fans 2.0 is an accessible examination of how technology has changed-and will continue to change-the world of sports. Written for general readers and scholars alike, this book will appeal to anyone interested in the effects of social media on popular culture.
Facebook for dummies
Sams teach yourself Twitter in 10 minutes
Music success in nine weeks : a step-by-step guide on how to use social media & online tactics to supercharge your PR, build your fan base and earn more money
Oh Myyy! : there goes the internet
Using social media effectively in the classroom : blogs, wikis, Twitter, and more
Making media work : cultures of management in the entertainment industries
Twitter for museums : strategies and tactics for success : a collection of essays / [editorial advisory board Dana Allen-Greil ... [et al.]]
The tweetable pope : a spiritual revolution in 140 characters
New business networking : how to effectively grow your business network using on-line and off-line methods
