http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24050 management culture
management culture
Creative leadership : skills that drive change
Superbosses : how exceptional leaders master the flow of talent
Americanization and its limits : reworking US technology and management in post-war Europe and Japan
New school ties : social capital and cultural knowledge creation in multicultural learning environments
Creating a coaching culture for managers in your organisation
Authentic leadership : discover and live your essential mission
Speak Out, Step Up, Act NO. Not only do we need more female leaders at the top, but we need more women at all levels of business, government, and nonprofits to step up-there's no time to waste. The problem, says Helene Lerner, isn't so much that women lack confidence but that they misunderstand what confidence really is. True confidence isn't fearlessness; it's having the courage to jump in even when your knees are shaking. Any woman who waits until she feels 100 percent confident before offering a big idea or asking for a raise or promotion will never get anywhere. Drawing on her own and other.
Management across cultures : developing global competencies
Studying art organizations : organizing and leadership in a symphony orchestra
Pragmatic strategy : Eastern wisdom, global success
The leadership challenge : how to make extraordinary things happen in organizations
The Confidence Myth : why Women Undervalue Their Skills, and How to Get Over It
Holacracy : the revolutionary management system that abolishes hierarchy
School leadership en-route to "grand leap" : case studies from Nepal and Finland
COMPARISON OF LEADERSHIP STYLES IN CHINESE COMPANIES : Case Study: Wuhuan Engineering Co, Ltd.
Why managing sucks and how to fix it : a results-only guide to taking control of work, not people
Tree-ring management : take the long view and grow your business slowly
Managing the human factor in information security : how to win over staff and influence business managers
Asian management systems : Chinese, Japanese and Korean styles of business
" The highly anticipated follow-up to the acclaimed bestseller Start With Why Simon Sinek's mission is to help people wake up every day inspired to go to work and return home every night fulfilled by their work. His first book, Start With Why, offered the essential starting point, explaining the power of focusing on WHY we do what we do, before getting into the details of WHAT and HOW. Start With Why became an instant classic, with a loyal following among Fortune 500 companies, entrepreneurs, nonprofits, governments, and the highest levels of the U.S. Military. Now Sinek is back to reveal the next step in creating happier and healthier organizations. He helps us understand, in simple terms, the biology of trust and cooperation and why they're essential to our success and fulfillment. Organizations that create environments in which trust and cooperation thrive vastly out perform their competition. And, not coincidentally, their employees love working there. But "truly human" cultures don't just happen; they are intentionally created by great leaders. Leaders who, in hard times, would sooner sacrifice their numbers to protect their people, rather than sacrifice people to protect their numbers, are rewarded with deeply loyal teams that consistently contribute their best efforts, ideas and passion. As he did in Start With Why, Sinek illustrates his points with fascinating true stories from many fields. He implores us to act sooner rather than later, because our stressful jobs are literally killing us. And he offers surprisingly simple steps for building a truly human organization"--
21st-century Japanese management : new systems, lasting values
New horizons in Asian management : emerging issues and critical perspectives
Developing multicultural leaders : the journey to leadership success
Leadership : theory and practice
The Oxford handbook of lifelong learning
""We spend more time working than doing anything else in life. It's not right that the experience of work should be so demotivating and dehumanizing." So says Laszlo Bock, head of People Operations at the company that transformed how the world interacts with knowledge. This insight is the heart of WORK RULES!, a compelling and surprisingly playful manifesto with the potential to change how we work and live. Drawing on the latest research in behavioral economics and with a profound grasp of human psychology, Bock also provides teaching examples from a range of industries -- including companies that are household names but hideous places to work, and little-known companies that achieve spectacular results by valuing and listening to their employees. Bock takes us inside one of history's most explosively successful businesses to reveal why Google is consistently rated one of the best places to work in the world, distilling 15 years of intensive worker R&D into delightfully counterintuitive principles that are easy to put into action, whether you're a team of one or a team of thousands. Cleaving the knot of conventional management, some lessons from WORK RULES! include: Take away managers' power over employees Learn from your best employees - and your worst Only hire people who are smarter than you are, no matter how long it takes to find them Pay unfairly (it's fairer!) Don't trust your gut: use data to predict and shape the future Default to open: be transparent, and welcome feedback If you're comfortable with the amount of freedom you've given your employees, you haven't gone far enough WORK RULES! shows how to strike a balance between creativity and structure, leading to success you can measure in quality of life as well as market share. Read it to build a better company from within rather than from above; read it to reawaken your joy in what you do. "--
Creating a lean and green business system : techniques for improving profits and sustainability
Access to Asia : your multicultural guide to building trust, inspiring respect, and creating long-lasting business relationships
The dynamic interaction between internal and external pressures for MNCs  HR management practices: The case of Lidl Finland
School leadership en-route to 'grand leap' : case studies from Nepal and Finland
Implementation strategies in reforming public organisations : leadership and processes
Culture and leadership across the world : the GLOBE book of in-depth studies of 25 societies
The new entrepreneurial leader : developing leaders who shape social and economic opportunity
Management in developing countries
Tiivistelmä (Abstract in Finnish)
The good communist : elite training and state building in today's China
KEY FACTORS IN PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT : Employee point of view
"Has China become just another capitalist country in a socialist cloak? Will the Chinese Communist Party's rule survive the next ten years of modernization and globalization? Frank Pieke investigates these conundrums in this fascinating account of how government officials are trained for placement in the Chinese Communist Party. Through in-depth interviews with staff members and aspiring trainees, he shows that while the Chinese Communist Party has undergone a radical transformation since the revolutionary years under Mao, it is still incumbent upon cadres, who are selected through a highly rigorous process, to be ideologically and politically committed to the party. It is the lessons learnt through their teachers that shape the political and economic decisions they will make in power. The book offers unique insights into the structure and the ideological culture of the Chinese government, and how it has reinvented itself over the last three decades as a neo-socialist state"--Provided by publisher.
Reframing the path to school leadership : a guide for teachers and principals
Ethical leadership : creating and sustaining an ethical business culture
Leaders eat last : why some teams pull together and others don't
Creating a lean culture : tools to sustain lean conversions
Access to Asia presents a deeply insightful framework for today's global business leaders and managers, whether traveling from Toronto to Taipei, Baltimore to Bangalore, or San Francisco to Shanghai. Drawing from her extensive experience and global connections, author Sharon Schweitzer suggests that irrespective of their industry, everyone is essentially in the relationship business. Within Asia, building trust and inspiring respect are vital steps in developing business relationships that transcend basic contractual obligations. Readers will find in–the–trenches advice and stories from 80 regional experts in 10 countries, including China, Hong Kong, India, Japan, and Korea. Discover the unique eight–question framework that provides rich interview material and insight from respected cultural experts Track cultural progress over time and highlight areas in need of improvement with the Self–Awareness Profile Learn the little–known facts, reports, and resources that help establish and strengthen Asian business relationships Effective cross–cultural communication is mandatory for today's successful global business leaders.
Management across cultures : challenges and strategies
Evaluating governance and management in Africa : a utilitarian perspective
China Business 2.0 : analyze the economy, understand the society, and manage effectively
China is entering a new stage of economic and societal development, called China 2.0, a new era that is characterized by China?s diminishing low-cost advantage and increased local competition. Succeeding in the China 2.0 era will require western managers to reposition their businesses. Inspired by their extensive experience in doing business in China, the authors present more than 40 key issues in a compact format suitable for time-constrained executives. The book covers the overall effects on the economy, highlights future challenges, gives first-hand advice on how to manage a business in China, and helps the reader to understand the Chinese culture. China Business 2.0 also contains valuable insight sections in which top executives and consultants share their on-the-ground-experiences in China. In addition, it features numerous practical tips that will help managers to be effective in China.
Multipliers : how the best leaders make everyone smarter
New thinking on leadership : a global perspective
Destructive leaders and dysfunctional organizations : a therapeutic approach
Horizontal management : beyond total customer satisfaction
Things that are good for the planet are also good for business. Numerous studies from the likes of the Economist Intelligence Unit, Harvard, MIT Sloan, and others indicate that organizations that commit to goals of zero waste, zero harmful emissions, and zero use of nonrenewable resources clearly outperform their competition. Like lean thinking, greening your business is not just a 'nice to have'; at least not anymore. It is now a key economic driver for many forward looking firms. This book is packed with case studies and examples that illustrate how leading firms use lean and green as simultaneous sources of inspiration in various sectors of industry - from automotive and retail to textile and brewing. Take Toyota as an example, the holy grail of economic efficiency for decades. This book, shows that Toyota tops the green chart too, describing Toyota's notion of Monozukuri: sustainable manufacturing. Creating a Lean and Green Business System: Techniques for Improving Profits and Sustainability offers opportunities for innovation that can simultaneously reduce dependence on natural resources and enhance global prosperity.
Asian versus Western management thinking : its cultural-bound nature
Grant McCracken, an anthropologist who now trains some of the world's biggest companies and consulting firms, argues that the American corporation needs a new professional--a Chief Culture Officer--who would keep a finger on the pulse of contemporary cultural trends while developing a systematic understanding of the deep waves of culture in America and the world.
The skills of leadership
The Virgin way : everything I know about leadership
Distributed leadership in Finnish and Shanghai schools
Nurse managers' leadership styles as part of leadership culture.
The Americanisation of European business : the Marshall Plan and the transfer of US management models
Nice companies finish first : why cutthroat management is over - and collaboration is in
Restoring culturally appropriate African leadership : a case study of Finnish, Kenyan and Tanzanian perspectives on a leadership and management training programme
Tsukakoshi's philosophy of seeking steady growth over the long term will enlighten businesspeople around the world about a better way to manage corporations.
Intelligent leadership : leading people in intelligent organisations
The better practices of project management : based on IPMA competences
"From Michael Armstrong, HR expert and best-selling author, comes this new edition of the business staple, How to Manage People. Providing valuable insight into the functions and skills required to be an effective manager - from how to manage teams to successful recruitment - it will help you get the best from your staff through motivation, reward and leadership. With three brand new chapters on managing virtual teams, enhancing employee engagement and managing conflict, it is full of easily applicable advice as well as practical tools and checklists. Essential reading for anyone who wants to get the best from their teams, How to Manage People distills the essence of good management into one handy book. With over one million copies sold, the hugely popular Creating Success series covers a wide variety of topic, with the latest editions including new chapters such as Tough Conversations and Treating People Right. This indispensable business skills collection is suited to a variety of roles, from someone looking to develop their time management skills for a society committee role, to someone with a business idea looking to build a strategic plan"--
Library management for the digital age : a new paradigm
The courage to take bold actions : legitimations in The war for talent
The end of leadership
How to manage people
Four stories of superwomen : manifestations of feminine charasteristics in succesful leading of animation productions
International differences in leadership ideologies of managers
Work rules! : insights from inside Google that will transform how you live and lead
Hospitality leadership lessons in French gastronomy : the story of Guy and Franck Savoy
Chief culture officer : how to create a living, breathing corporation
The art and science of leadership
Innovation leadership in different education systems Case: England and Germany
Scaling up excellence : getting to more without settling for less
