http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24043 fashion sector
fashion sector fashion business
"Brand/Story: Cases and Explorations in Fashion Branding, Second Edition examines how a retailer, manufacturer, or designer label uses storytelling to grab a consumer's interest. For consumers, branding tells the story and creates the identity for a product, a person, and a company. Using 10 case studies on such notable brands as Levis and Vivienne Westwood, Brand/Story looks at what a fashion brand is about and why companies advertise the way they do. It enables the reader to think critically about branding-both the medium and the message-and not simply take advertisements and brands at face value.New to this edition: ̃Features 7 new brands including LuluLemon, Warby Parker, MAC Cosmetics and Topshop/Topman Õver 40 new color images including advertisements for Ralph Lauren, Vera Wang, and Dolce & Gabbana Ũpdated interviews with industry professionals including Nancy Mair, General Merchandise Manager, Burlington Stores and Jill Walker-Roberts, President of Walker-Roberts Consulting"--
Fashion openness : applying an open source philosophy to the paradigm of fashion
The bell jar
Will work for shoes : the business behind red carpet product placement
The small firm in global markets : a descriptive case study on the internationalisation patterns of small design-intensive Finnish firms
Unveiling fashion : business, culture, and identity in the most glamorous industry
How to prepare for a career in fashion
The inpact of the 2009 financial crisis on the market of luxury clothing in Russia, in st. Petersburg in particuar
CanCam-girls : young women and images in japanese fashion magazines
A guide to fashion design and top American fashion designers : including Calvin Klein, Tom Ford, Michael Kors, Vera Wang, Donna Karan; And Celebrity Designers Such as Beyonce, Jessica Simpsons, Jennifer Lopez and Gwen Stefani
New African fashion
Planned continuity : design of sustainable clothing service concept
It's up to you New York
Eternal Chanel : an icon's inspiration
Masters of fashion : superstar fashion designers
In today's fashion industry, email is primarily used as an official communication tool. Currently, fashion industry specific or customized tools are not available for communication in a distributed environment. This thesis aims to develop a web application, which will be specially made for the fashion industry.
A Guide to top British fashion designers and fashion houses : including Burberry, Paul Smith, Stella McCartney, John Galliano, Alexander McQueen, and Jasper Conran; And Celebrity Designers Such as Victoria Beckham, Sienna Miller, Lily Allen, and Kate Moss
Muslim fashion : contemporary style cultures
Social media marketing in the fashion industry
The emerging role of fashion tourism and the need for a development strategy in Lagos, Nigeria : case study: Lagos fashion and design week
Fashion design course : [principles, practice, and techniques: the practical guide for aspiring fashion designers]
Fashioning globalisation : New Zealand design, working women and the cultural economy
Fashion A to Z : an illustrated dictionary
This fully updated overview of fashion retailing surveys the global expansion of retailers into the US market and US-based retailers to global markets.
Free stylin' : how Hip Hop Changed the Fashion Industry
A Guide to top French fashion designers and fashion houses : including Ines de La Fressange, Jean-Paul Gaultier, Hermes, Christian LaCroix, Christian Louboutin, Catherine Malendrino, Thierry Mugler, Paco Rabanne, Nina Ricci, Charles Jourdan, Etc. Vol 2
Why fashion matters
The stylist
Marketing and Facebook : how fashion companies promote themselves on Facebook
Sustainable fashion : new approaches
Fashion branding and consumer behaviors : scientific models
Key concepts for the fashion industry
"This book questions why we have such a love-hate relation ship with fashion. Guiding us through the major figures and brands of today's fashion system, Dress Code shows how they shape us and in turn why we love to be shaped by them. The book focuses on everyday, affordable 'fast fashion' brands as well as the luxury market, to show how both ends of the fashion industry exert a powerful force over our lives. It also discusses trend forecasters, the media and the pressures on consumers, arguing that the world of fashion is both a dictatorship and a democracy, directing our shopping habits as well as our appearance.This study explores what happens when we get dressed: why fashion can make us feel powerful, beautiful and original, yet also paradoxically works oppressively, forcing consumers to conform. This book peels off the layers of the world's fifth largest industry, garment by garment, to reveal fashion as a phenomenon, a business and an art. Grinde Arntzen is disturbed by its influence yet sympathetic to our desire - however ambivalent - to be stylish, smart or trendy. Dress Code is both a succinct and thought-provoking look at how the culture of dress dominates everyday life, and a lively and honest account of the pleasures and problems of fashion"--Publisher's description.
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Apparel merchandising : the line starts here
Summary: "Perry's Department Store: A Buying Simulation bridges the gap between the principles of retail buying and mathematical concepts using a unique simulation approach that takes readers step-by-step through a real-life buying experience. Videtic and Steele present a simplified process for making complex buying decisions using the fictitious Perry's Department Store that walks students through the steps a new buyer would take to complete a six-month buying plan and a merchandise assortment plan for categories including junior, misses' bridge/contemporary, men's, children's, denim, accessories, or home fashion.The fourth edition has been revised with statistical information to reflect a more contemporary structure and business model for a successful department store.The new Perry's Department Store is organized to reflect a larger-scale department store in today's market. Students interact by researching current market and industry trends to build their business. The charts and forms in this book and companion website are replicas of those found in the retail and wholesale industry to expose student to the procedures and policies they can expect to find in a first job as an assistant buyer. This new edition and companion website launches students directly into the exciting role of a retail buyer in the fashion industry"--.
The purpose of the research was to study the impacts of the 2009 financial crisis on the market for luxury clothing in Russia, especially in St. Petersburg. This included studying the changes in the economic situation in general, consumer demand, operations of the luxury companies during the crisis and the challenges for a new company planning to enter the market. The research was based on reports, articles and other written information sources by experts from the financial and fashion sectors as well as five intervies with professionals from the fashion industry in St. Petersburg. The research was conducted together with Jasmin Santanen Paris company. The research was conducted through thematic interviews with five interviewees: International relationship manager from a company organizing a fashion trade fair, the president of the unofficial fashion week of St. Petersburg, a manager of a luxury multi-brand store, a buyer from a department store and a sole entrepreneur. Common themes and opinions were then summarized and compared to the secondary information. It was discovered that the financial crisis of 2009 has had an impact on the luxury fashion market in St. Petersburg. The consumer demand has decreased; many companies have cut or delayed their operations and expansion plans. In addition to the direct effects of the financial crisis, many other challenges that a new luxury company faces in the Russian market, was discovered. These include the lack of experience and  qualified professionals, corruption, complicated tax and customs procedures and changing consumer preferences.
Mathematics for retail buying
Brand/story : cases and explorations in fashion branding
Freelance fashion designer's handbook
Business plan for a fashion brand : case: MW Oy
Memos : the Vogue years, 1962-1971
Chanel : an intimate life
Effects of the e-commerce on fashion luxury industries : the case of Brunello Cucinelli S.p.A
The fashion book
Fashion merchandising : principles and practice
In the last decade none of the fashion brand companies were connected to their customers via blogs or social networks. Nowadays the situation significantly changed. Brands such as Hugo Boss use apart of their website social media networks (e.g. Facebook, Twitter) and write blogs in order to be closely connected to their target groups. Hugo Boss, but also companies like Scotch and Soda use the “Instagram” photo application to show their customers insides of the brand with e.g. backstage pictures of catwalk shows. By using the latest web design trends and features they keep in mind to show a consistent brand image. Also blogs are integrated to the main website to fulfill a consistent look.     Purpose of this bachelor thesis is to create a professional website. The client, who works in the fashion industry, defined her requirements. Creating a superior web design following the latest web design trends and the availability of a blog are the major ones. The website is about the client's visions of fashion with the aim to connect with existing customers but also to extend her actual market area. In order to accomplish the project successfully theory needed to be considered before creating the website. Therefore the design, development, launch and deployment of the web page about fashion is based on theory which includes web design principles, audience and their behavior, brand image, page design and layout, search engine optimization and web design trends. After describing the practical part, the report ends with a summary, conclusions and recommendations.
A new role for fashion designers in the apparel industry : a facilitatior
Fashion retailing : a multi-channel approach
Guide to fashion entrepreneurship : the plan, the product, the process
The Fashion Intern
Design, implementation, launch and deployment of the web page about fashion
A Guide to top French fashion designers and fashion houses : including Balmain, Louis Vuitton, Chanel, Yves Saint Laurent, Christian Dior, Balenciaga, Chloe, Givenchy, Pierre Cardin, Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, and Louis Feraud. Vol 1
It
The case company Ritva Falla Oy is an privately owned clothing manufacturer located in Helsinki, Finland. The current owner Ritva Falla has previously worked for Marimekko as the lead designer and thus created a recognizable name in the industry. The purpose of the thesis is to investigate the current brand strength and evaluate the current marketing and communication methods and make suggestions towards a more cost-efficient marketing and communication plan in the future. The thesis focuses on the area of marketing and communication with a strong emphasis on different brand identity and awareness concepts. The focus is on identifying the current brand perception to identify the strengths and weaknesses. The research was conducted as a qualitative research through important key players and purchasers in the clothing industry. The research information was analyzed by the researcher to identify the current state of the brand and to create suggestions that could improve the current marketing and communication methods of the case company. As results of the research study, the current state of the brand image was analyzed in discussion format which then was conluded into suggestions towards further actions for the case company.
Moroccan fashion : design, tradition and modernity
Abstract: Social media marketing in the fashion industry.
Dress code : the naked truth about fashion
Woman to woman
Revenge wears Prada : the devil returns
How to set up & run a fashion label
THE ROLE OF ENVY IN CUSTOMER PURCHASING CHOICE WITH A FOCUS ON FASHION INDUSTRY
Fashion law : a guide for designers, fashion executives, and attorneys
Co-branding as a tool for strategic brand activation : how to find the ideal partner - an explanatory case study in the fashion and design sector
Analysing the current brand value and creating suggestions towards improved marketing and communication methods : case company: Ritva Falla Oy
Trends as a concrete help of futures thinking for organizations : how could trends become understood and utilized better?
Coco Chanel : she conquered with style
The trendmakers : behind the scenes of the global fashion industry
Revenge  wears Prada : the devil returns
This 'sales bible' for the apparel and retail industries is now updated with successful sales and management principles and features current information on social media, content marketing and retail in the digital world.
The decision
Managing lifestyle brands in fashion industry : a comparative case study of two Finnish fashion retailers
Summary.
Naked fashion : the new sustainable fashion revolution
Marketing fashion : a global perspective
Hardpressed
The devil wears Prada
Managing corporate social responsibility
Yves Saint Laurent : the life story of the man who re-imagined women's fashion
Analyzing and designing a web application for fashion industry
The Battle of Versailles : the night American fashion stumbled into the spotlight and made history
Recounts the life of the famous designer, from her childhood as an orphan to her reign as the queen of the fashion world, highlighting lesser known aspects of her life along the way.
Fashion design
Confessions of a shopaholic : previously published as The secret dreamworld of a shopaholic
The blonde salad
Fashion for profit : a professional's complete guide to designing, manufacturing & marketing a successful line
Corporate social responsibility and sustainability are global issues. Many companies participate in the movement towards more sustainable operations and develop corporate social responsibility principles. The objective of this thesis was to find out what aspects have to be taken into consideration in order to manage corporate social responsibility successfully. Furthermore, it was examined how corporate social responsibility is man-aged in practice at Nanso Group Oy. Literature from different sources was gathered to form a theoretical framework. The case study method was used to gather information for the research part. At the beginning of the strategy formulation process central issues have to be selected. A company has to follow certain national and international laws when operating. Furthermore, the company has to be aware of certain risks and problems when producing abroad. Different stakeholders have to be taken into consideration when choosing the target areas for the strategy. The goals have to be defined and actions to reach the goals. Goals can be timeless or have a specific numeric goal. In addition to that, performance indicators have to be chosen in order to measure changes. Furthermore, it has to be decided how efforts regarding corporate social responsibility are communicated to company's stakeholders. According to theory, many aspects have to be taken into consideration in order to manage corporate social responsibility successfully. In practice, challenging in the corporate social responsibility strategy process was the phase where the strategy has to gain a foothold.  It had to get through to the employees with the goal that they incorporate it in their daily work. Furthermore, limited availability of resources sets challenges.
Abstract: This study will provide a framework for analysing the current advertising and marketing patterns in women's consumer behaviour in Finland. Swedish clothing retailer Hennes&Mauritz (H&M) was chosen as a case study since it is considered to be well-known in Finland; in 2010 average sales were astonishingly around 243million euros (H&M 2012). As this research is considered to be a broad topic, this study will focus on women in Finland aged 16-35 and above. This study will use various research methods such as case study, interview and a survey to analyse the dissertation topic. The researcher is confident that using these methods, the study will successfully contribute to the current literature on.
The fundamentals of digital fashion marketing
The cuckoo's calling
The real world guide to fashion selling and management
How fashion works : couture, ready-to-wear and mass production
Coco Chanel : the legend and the life
Harper's Bazaar fashion : your guide to personal style
Pattern : 100 fashion designers, 10 curators
"Conceived as a fundraiser for the restoration of King Louis XIV's palace, the world's elite gathered in Versailles' grand theater to view a fashion extravaganza of the best that French and American designers had to offer ... What they saw would forever alter the history of fashion. At the Battle of Versailles five Americans--Oscar de la Renta, Bill Blass, Anne Klein, Halston, and Stephen Burrows--faced off against the five French designers considered the best in the world--Yves Saint Laurent, Hubert de Givenchy, Pierre Cardin, Emanuel Ungaro, and Marc Bohan of Christian Dior. Against all odds, the American energy and the domination by their fearless models (ten of whom, in a ground-breaking move, were African-American) sent the audience reeling. By the end of the evening, the Americans had transformed their place on the world stage and sowed the seeds for changing the way race, gender, sexuality, and economics would be treated in fashion for decades to come"--
The Finnish fashion enterpreneurship ecosystem
The future of fashion is now
Consumers’ purchasing behaviour and perceived product quality in sustainable clothing
Assessing the influence of fashion clothing advertising on women's consumer behaviour in Finland : a case study of H&M
Confessions of a shopaholic
Fashion Branding and Consumer Behaviors presents eye-opening theory, literature review, and original research on the mutual influence of branding strategies and consumer response. Contributors use multiple methods to analyze consumers' psychosocial needs and the extent that their fulfillment goes beyond the usefulness or value of the items they purchase as well as the fashion industry's means of communicating brand identity and enhancing brand loyalty. Along the way, these studies raise important questions about consumer behaviors, consumer welfare, and the future of consumer research. Included in the coverage: A symbolic interactionist perspective on fashion brand personality and advertisement response. Optimizing fashion branding strategies in a fluctuating market. An analysis of fashion brand extensions by artificial neural networks. Domestic or foreign luxury brands? A comparison of status- and non-status- seeking teenagers. The impact of consumers' need for uniqueness on purchase perception. How brand awareness relates to market outcome, brand equity, and the marketing mix. A breakthrough volume on the complexities of how and why we buy, Fashion Branding and Consumer Behaviors will captivate researchers and practitioners in the fields of consumer psychology, marketing, and economics.
Innovation in luxury fashion family business : Processes and products innovation as a means of growth
Communication channels in fashion brand marketing : case H&M and Zara
Business Plan for a New Online Clothing Store
The dress
Branding the man : why men are the next frontier in fashion retail
Perry's department store : a buying simulation
A Guide to top Italian fashion designers and fashion houses : including Gucci, Ferragamo, Valentino, Dolce & Gabbana, Emilio Pucci, Roberto Cavalli, Giorgio Armani, Fendi, Prada, Loro Piana, Ermenegildo Zegna, Roberta di Camerino, Trussardi
Social networks and networking facilitating internationalization : Experiences of two Finnish fashion companies
The Fashion careers guidebook
Fashion : a very short introduction
Shopped : a true story of secret shopping and self-discovery
Material vision into fashion : design, branding and innovation in the process of setting up a fashion label, case luxaa
New style boutique. 2, fashion forward : Nintendo 3DS
Craft of use : post-growth fashion
Less but better : towards sustainability in the fashion
Ready to launch : the PR couture guide to breaking into fashion PR
Assessing the Influence of Fashion Clothing Advertising on Women's Consumer Behaviour in Finland; a case study of H&M
9 heads fashion notebook : women's fashion
Stitched up : the anti-capitalist book of fashion
Couture in the 21st century
Describes today's challenges for both apparel manufacturers and retailers in meeting the consumer's demands for the right products at the right prices--and at the right times. Approached from the perspective of the apparel product manager, Rosenau and Wilson cover men's and women's sportswear and activewear and children's wear in both domestic and international markets.The text follows the evolution of the merchandising function with emphasis on product development and production efficiency, highlighting the philosophies of industry executives and the effective integration of the merchandising, marketing, and manufacturing functions along the way. The third edition emphasizes the increased importance of retailer's private brands, explores how companies apply technology to all facets of product development and supply chain management, and addresses the impact of social media on both retailers and apparel manufacturers.
A large number of family businesses operate in the luxury fashion sector, which shows their importance as a source of growth, development and social and economic stability. Innovation in Luxury Fashion Family Business analyses how a strategy of innovation in terms of products and processes can offer a competitive advantage to large and medium-sized family businesses operating in the industry. The book offers a business model for companies in order to manage such strategies of innovation efficiently and effectively, as well as for the purpose of educating customers to appreciate more innovative products.
Champagne supernovas : Kate Moss, Marc Jacobs, Alexander McQueen, and the '90s renegades who remade fashion
Entering Chinese market for Finnish fashion jewellery company : case: Ninja Finland Oy
