http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24080 Art & Language
Art & Language
Hollow men : writing, objects, and public image in Renaissance Italy
Cuneiform texts in the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Volume 2, Literary and scholastic texts of the first millenium B.C
A Middle English chronicle of the First Crusade : the Caxton Eracles
The Neo-Assyrian myth of Ištar's descent and resurrection : introduction, cuneiform text, and transliteration with a translation, glossary, and extensive commentary
A long the Krommerun : selected papers from the Utrecht James Joyce Symposium : XXIV International James Joyce Symposium, Utrecht University, 15th-20th June 2014
Children and their art : methods for the elementary school
A dictionary of military and technological abbreviations and acronyms
Philosophy : the classics
Art & Language in practice : vol. 1 : manual illustrat = illustrated handbook : [Fundació Antoni Tàpies, Barcelona, 16 abril - 27 juny 1999] / Michael Baldwin, Charles Harrison, Mel Ramsden
Art & Language : homes from homes II / Michael Baldwin, Charles Harrison, Mel Ramsden
Landscapes of desire : Anglo mythologies of Los Angeles
The languages of landscape
The language of art : inquiry-based studio practices in early childhood settings
Reading Egyptian art : a hieroglyphic guide to ancient Egyptian painting and sculpture
Art & Language in practice : vol. 2 : simposi critic = critical symposium : [Fundació Antoni Tàpies, Barcelona, 16 abril - 27 juny 1999] / a cárrec de = edited by Charles Harrison
The studio reader : on the space of artists
This new collection presents a rich selection of innovative scholarship on the Etruscans, a vibrant, independent people whose distinct civilization flourished in central Italy for most of the first millennium BCE and whose artistic, social and cultural traditions helped shape the ancient Mediterranean, European, and Classical worlds. [It] includes: contributions from an international cast of both established and emerging scholars; offers fresh perspectives on Etruscan art and culture, including analysis of the most up-to-date research and archaeological discoveries; reassesses and evaluates traditional topics like architecture, wall painting, ceramics, and sculpture as well as new ones such as textile archaeology, while also addressing themes that have yet to be thoroughly investigated in the scholarship, such as the obesus etruscus, the function and use of jewelry at different life stages, Greek and Roman topoi about the Etruscans, the Etruscans' reception of ponderation, and more; and counters the claim that the Etruscans were culturally inferior to the Greeks and Romans by emphasizing fields where the Etruscans were either technological or artistic pioneers and by reframing similarities in style and iconography as examples of Etruscan agency and reception rather than as a deficit of local creativity.
BodyMusicEvent : proceedings from the International Musicological Conference Wrocław (Poland), 30-31 May 2008
Word and image in ancient Greece
Serial music, serial aesthetics : compositional theory in post-war Europe
Classical rhetoric and the visual arts in early modern Europe
Anti-media : ephemera on speculative arts
Learning to Teach Art and Design in the Secondary School : a companion to school experience
Silent poetry : deafness, sign, and visual culture in modern France
The language of war
Hegel on the modern arts
The Yoruba was one of the most important civilizations of sub-Saharan Africa. While the high quality and range of its artistic and material production have long been recognized, the art of the Yoruba has been judged primarily according to the standards and principles of Western aesthetics. In this book, which merges the methods of art history, archaeology, and anthropology, Rowland Abiodun offers new insights into Yoruba art and material culture by examining them within the context of the civilization's cultural norms and values and, above all, the Yoruba language. Abiodun draws on his fluency and prodigious knowledge of Yoruba culture and language to dramatically enrich our understanding of Yoruba civilization and its arts. The book includes a companion website with audio clips of the Yoruba language, helping the reader better grasp the integral connection between art and language in Yoruba culture.
Integrating art and language arts through children's literature
Rituals, myth and art for English language class : cultural meanings in foreign language teaching : interpretive anthropological and sociocultural perspectives
Art without an author : Vasari's Lives and Michelangelo's death
Homemade esthetics : observations on art and taste
Conceptual art and painting : further essays on Art & Language / Charles Harrison
Schere - Stein - Papier : Pop-Musik als Gegenstand Bildender Kunst = rock - paper - scissors : pop music as subject of visual art : Kunsthaus Graz am Landesmuseum Joanneum, 6. 6. - 30.8. 2009 / Kurator = curator Diedrich Diederichesen ; Herausgeber = editors Peter Pakesch, Diedrich Diederichesen
The imaginative body : Guy Cools with Tim Etchells
The ancient view of Greek art : criticism, history, and terminology
An aesthetics for art educators
Theatres of immanence : Deleuze and the ethics of performance
Anguyiim nalliini = Time of warring : the history of bow-and-arrow warfare in Southwest Alaska
This book presents a lively philosophical exchange between the philosophy of art and the core areas of philosophy. The standard way of thinking about non-repeatable (single-instance) artworks such as paintings, drawings, and non-cast sculpture is that they are concrete (i.e., material, causally efficacious, located in space and time). This volume examines how philosophical enquiry into art might itself productively inform or be productively informed by enquiry into abstracta taking place within not just metaphysics but also the philosophy of mathematics, epistemology, philosophy of science, and philosophy of mind and language. While the contributors chiefly focus on the relationship between philosophy of art and contemporary metaphysics with respect to the overlap issue of abstracta, they provide a methodological blueprint from which scholars working both within and beyond philosophy of art can begin building responsible, mutually informative, and productive relationships between their respective fields.
Martin Wenham explores the basic knowledge that children need to know in order to explore and experiment with the visual language that artists use to communicate. The National Curriculum places a strong emphasis on experimenting with and applying the visual elements.
Abstract: The main motivating reason behind the topic area of this thesis is the growing number of immigrants and immigrant children in Finland. Multiculturalism is a current phenomenon in todayʼs society and it brings new challenges to early childhood education and care (ECEC). The objective of this thesis was to develop a practical implementation to the worklife partner, aiming at bringing multicultural education as a theme closer to the everyday reality by using expressive methods. The project was conducted in close co-operation with the Helsinki English Language Montessori Preschool. In this report we defined theories considering early childhood education and multicultural education as concepts. Expressive methods being the main methods applied, we introduced some relevant theories in support as part of the theoretical framework. When working with children expressive methods are a low threshold way of bringing the above mentioned themes closer to childrenʼs experience of the world.  The functional part of the implementation was a weeklong project for five-year-old children. Our goal was to raise the childrenʼs world awareness through expressive methods. We were hoping for active participation that would lead to increased self-understanding. Our work-life partner introduced the need for grouping, which then became one of the objectives.  Multicultural education is a current topic, in particular in the field of ECEC and increasing knowledge and skills about multiculturalism among the educators is extremely vital. Our aim was to bring forward the theme of multiculturalism both with the children and with the professionals working with them. During each session of the project multiculturalism was presented to the children in different ways. We hope that our work life partner will be able to use the report as an inspirational tool in the future.  The well planned sessions turned out to be successful, although raising childrenʼs world awareness, self-understanding and grouping are especially large concepts and quite difficult to measure. We were able to create a positive and an inspiring environment for the children that can enhance learning. Some concerns that emerged during the process were the lack of literature on multicultural education and instructions regarding preschoolʼs everyday challenges. We hope that in the future our project will awaken interest, foster further discussion and research about this current fascinating topic.
Beyond sinology : Chinese writing and the scripts of culture
Elsevier's dictionary of art history terms = Elsevier's dictionnaire des termes d'histoire de l'art : in French-English and English-French = français-anglais et anglais-français
The ancient Maya
Moche art and visual culture in ancient Peru
"Debates over the 'end of art' have tended to obscure Hegel's work on the arts themselves. Benjamin Rutter opens this study with a defence of art's indispensability to Hegel's conception of modernity; he then seeks to reorient discussion toward the distinctive values of painting, poetry, and the novel. Working carefully through Hegel's four lecture series on aesthetics, he identifies the expressive possibilities particular to each medium. Thus, Dutch genre scenes animate the everyday with an appearance of vitality; metaphor frees language from prose; and Goethe's lyrics revive the banal routines of love with imagination and wit. Rutter's important study reconstructs Hegel's view not only of modern art but of modern life and will appeal to philosophers, literary theorists, and art historians alike"-- Provided by publisher.
Multicultural Education through Expressive Methods in Early Childhood Education
Early literacy in action : the language-focused curriculum for preschool
Vocabulary of German military terms and abbreviations
(Re)thinking "art" : a guide for beginners
Art and abstract objects
Voids : a retrospective : Centre Pompidou, Paris, February 25 - March 23, 2009 : Kunsthalle Bern, September 10 - October 11, 2009 / edited by: Mathieu Copeland with John Armleder, Laurent Le Bon ... [et al.] ; redaction: Clément Dirié
Imaging Aristotle : verbal and visual representation in fourteenth-century France
Art & Language : nobody spoke : [Lisson Gallery, London, 14 November 2014 - 17 January 2015] / editors: Joanna Thornberry, Ossian Ward
Arts integration and special education : an inclusive theory of action for student engagement
The lingua franca in the Levant : Turkish nautical terms of Italian and Greek origin
'Christus und die minnende Seele' : an analysis of circulation, text, and iconography
Spotlights on Russian and Balkan Slavic cultural history
Narrative, emotion, and insight
A companion to the Etruscans
Graffiti and the writing arts of early modern England
Conceptual art and painting : further essays on Art & Language
The soul in the brain : the cerebral basis of language, art, and belief
Understanding art : a guide for teachers
A dictionary of military terms, English-Japanese, Japanese-English
Schiffstechnisches Wörterbuch = Dictionary for marine technology. 1, Deutsch - Englisch = German - English
Elizabethan silent language
Yoruba Art and Language : Seeking the African in African Art
Critical terms for art history
Surrounded by art : the homes of contemporary collectors
"The idea of "art in research" and "research as art" have risen over the past two decades as important critical focuses for the philosophy of media, aesthetics, and art. Of particular interest is how the methodologies of art and science might be merged to create a better conceptual understanding of art-based research. In this book, Dieter Mersch deconstructs and displaces the terminology that typically accompanies the question of the relationship between art and scientific truth. Identifying artistic practices as modes of thought that do not make use of language in a way that can easily be translated into scientific discourse, Mersch advocates for an aesthetic mode of thought beyond the "linguistic turn," a way of thinking that cannot be substituted by any other disciplinary system"--Takakansi.
Art, language and figure in Merleau-Ponty : excursions in hyper-dialectic
The art of narrative in the holy Qur'ān : a literary appreciation of a sacred text
Meaning in the visual arts : views from the outside : a centennial commemoration of Erwin Panofsky (1892-1968)
Not enough room to swing a cat : naval slang and its everyday usage
"Arts Integration and Special Education contributes to research, policy, and practice by providing a theory of action for studying how linguistic, cognitive, and affective student engagement relates to arts integrated learning contexts and how these dimensions of engagement influence content area and literacy learning. Arts Integration and Special Education connects the interdisciplinary framework in human development and linguistics, special education, and urban education with primary action research by special educators trained in arts integration, working in an inclusive urban charter school with middle school age students. Upper elementary to middle-grade level student learning is relatively understudied and this work contributes across fields of special education and urban education, as well as arts education. Moreover, the classrooms in which the action research occurs are comprised of students with a diverse range of abilities and needs. The book's interdisciplinary model, which draws on developmental and educational psychology, special education, and speech/language pathology research and practice, is the first to posit explanations for how and why AI contexts facilitate learning in students with language and sensory processing disorders, and those at-risk for school failure due to low socioeconomic status conditions"--
Epistemologies of aesthetics
Mastesr works of conceptual art : Katalog der Ausstellung = catalogue of the exhibition : [Galerie ?, Köln, Bismarckstr. 50], 8.10. - 12.11.1983
Essays on Art & Language / Charles Harrison
The secret language of symbols : a visual key to symbols and their meaning
Word and image in Maya culture : explorations in language, writing, and representation
Reflections on aesthetic judgment and other essays
We see you : the Foksal Gallery activities 1966-1989 = Me näeme teid : Foksal Galerii tegevus 1966-1989 = My was widzimy : dzialalnosc Galerii Foksal w latach 1966-1989 : KUMU Art Museum, Tallinn, 29 May - 20 September 2009 / catalogue edited by Mazowieckie Centrum Kultury i Sztuki, Warsaw ; edited by Karolina Labowicz-Dymanus
Dictionnaire anglais-français de termes de marine = English-French dictionary of naval terminology
From keel to truck : dictionary of naval terms: English, French, German, Spanish, Italian
Vision and rhetoric in Shakespeare : looking through language
Learning to Teach Art and Design in the Secondary School is established as the key text for all those preparing to become art and design teachers in the secondary school. It explores a range of approaches to teaching and learning and provides a conceptual and practical framework for understanding the diverse nature of art and design in the secondary school curriculum. Written by experts in the field, it aims to inform and inspire, to challenge orthodoxies and encourage a freshness of vision. It provides support and guidance for learning and teaching in art and design, suggesting strategies to m.
The rhetoric of Berkeley's philosophy
Making sense : a student's guide to research and writing : social sciences
Line color form : the language of art and design
From keel to truck : dictionary of naval terms: English - French - German - Spanish - Italian = De la quille a la pomme du mat = Vom Kiel zum Flaggenknopf = De quilla a perilla = Dalla chiglia al pomo dell'albero
Linguistic models for decision support
Cuneiform texts in the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Volume 3, Private archive texts from the first millennium B.C
Presents a selection of innovative scholarship on the Etruscans, a vibrant, independent people whose distinct civilization flourished in central Italy for most of the first millennium BCE and whose artistic, social and cultural traditions helped shape the ancient Mediterranean, European, and Classical worlds. The volume includes contributions from an international cast of established and emerging scholars, and offers perspectives on Etruscan art and culture, including analysis of the most up-to-date research and archaeological discoveries. The authors reassess and evaluate traditional topics like architecture, wall painting, ceramics, and sculpture as well as new ones such as textile archaeology, while also addressing themes that have yet to be thoroughly investigated in the scholarship, such as the obesus etruscus, the function and use of jewelry at different life stages, Greek and Roman topoi about the Etruscans, the Etruscans' reception of ponderation, and more. This volume counters the claim that the Etruscans were culturally inferior to the Greeks and Romans by emphasizing fields where the Etruscans were either technological or artistic pioneers and by reframing similarities in style and iconography as examples of Etruscan agency and reception rather than as a deficit of local creativity.
Dictionary of basic military terms : a Soviet view
The art of maya scribe
Art, anthropology and the modes of re-presentation : museums and contemporary non-Western art
Analyzes texts and art objects from the 15th to the late 16th centuries to show that Renaissance theories of emulating classical heroes generated a deep skepticism about representation, as these theories forced men to construct a public image that seemed fixed but could adapt to changing circumstances.
Art and communication in the reign of Henry VIII
Art and text
German-English, English-German military dictionary
"A collection of essays, written for this volume by leaders in the field, that study the emotional and cognitive significance of narrative and its implications for aesthetics and the philosophy of art"--Provided by publisher.
"A Long The Krommerun offers a selection of the best papers delivered at the XXIV International James Joyce Symposium hosted by Utrecht University, the Netherlands, June 2014. The essays offer fresh insights into Joyce and De Stijl aesthetic movement which originated in the Netherlands, Joyce's (language) politics, his use of multilingualism and dialects, and, by way of close readings and genetic approaches of Finnegans Wake, the intricate ways Joyce communicates with his readers. Contributors: Boriana A. Alexandrova, Stephanie Boland, Austin Briggs, Tim Conley, Catherine Flynn, Philip Keel Geheber, Robbert-Jan Henkes, Maria Kager, Katherine O'Callaghan, So Onose, David Pascoe, Sam Slote, David Spurr, and Dirk Van Hulle."--
Reading aesthetics and philosophy of art : selected texts with interactive commentary
Making sense : a student's guide to research and writing : geography and environmental sciences
Euripides and the language of craft
The power of pictures : creating pathways to literacy through art, grades K-6
Art and representation : contributions to contemporary aesthetics
Typemotion : type as image in motion
