http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24005 ankles
ankles
The foot and ankle in rheumatoid arthritis : a comprehensive guide
Physical examination in orthopaedics
A colour atlas of foot and ankle disorders
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 2, The lower extremity
McGlamry's comprehensive textbook of foot and ankle surgery. Vol. 1
Functional muscle architecture in aging
The foot and ankle in sport
Taping techniques : principles and practice
Muscle and joint stiffness regulation during normal and fatiguing stretch-shortening cycle exercise
Reconstructive foot and ankle surgery : management of complications
Drennan's the child's foot and ankle
Postoperative soft tissue defects in the ankle area : the etiology and methods of reconstruction
Handbook of Foot and Ankle Orthopedics
Normal variation of the tibiotalar joint in dynamic computed tomography
Stability-based classification for ankle fracture management and the syndesmosis injury in ankle fractures due to a supination external rotation mechanism of injury
The physiology of the joints. Volume 2, Lower limb
Operative treatment of the foot and ankle
Physical therapy of the foot and ankle
Biodegradable screw fixation of the syndesmosis together with metallic osteosynthesis : preliminary experience of 7 ankles
Fracture-dislocation of the tarsal navicular in a soccer player
Sports injuries series. The knee; The foot, ankle and lower leg; The shoulder; Interactive skeleton: sports and kinetic edition
Foot & ankle anatomy
Atlas of surface palpation : anatomy of the neck, trunk, upper and lower limbs
Keep your joints young : banish your aches, pains and creaky joints
Clinical biomechanics of the lower extremities
Infections and bioabsorbable implants in orthopaedic and trauma surgery : with special reference to the treatment of ankle fractures
Manual therapy for musculoskeletal pain syndromes : an evidence- and clinical-informed approach
Monitoring in Baltic coastal reference areas 1997 : catches of perch, roach and viviparous blenny
McGlamry's comprehensive textbook of foot and ankle surgery / editor, Joe T. Southerland ; authors' editor, Daniel F. Vickers ; section editors, Jeffrey S. Boberg ... [et al.]
Atlas of arthroscopic anatomy of the major joints
This book, specifically designed to be of value in clinical practice, is an up-to-date, case-oriented reference on the various common foot and ankle disorders that is presented in the style of a teaching file, with a wealth of informative illustrations. The text is concise and informative, providing a general overview of each disorder, identifying key points for correct diagnosis and differential diagnosis, and highlighting tips and pitfalls in conservative and operative treatment. The most important feature, however, is the depiction of representative cases by means of detailed, high-quality color photographs that will acquaint the reader with the key appearances relevant to diagnosis and treatment.
Netter's orthopaedic clinical examination : : an evidence-based approach
Orthotics in functional rehabilitation of the lower limb
Nūpura, the anklet in Indian literature and art
Foot & ankle pearls
Soft tissue pain and disability
Foot and ankle disorders : an illustrated reference
"This book will combine principles of assessing foot disorders and deformities and treatment with practical suggestions"--Provided by publisher.
Four new species of the genus Ophidion (Pisces: Ophidiidae) from the western Atlantic Ocean
Ankle blood pressure as a predictor of vascular events
Examination and diagnosis of musculoskeletal disorders : clinical examination, imaging modalities
Complications in ankle fracture surgery
Computed tomography and radiography in the diagnosis and follow-up of periprosthetic osteolysis after total ankle arthroplasty
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 4, The head and neck ; Part 1
Foot and ankle radiology
Myofascial pain and dysfunction : the trigger point manual ; the lower extremities. Vol. 2
Disorders of the heel, rearfoot, and ankle
Foot and ankle disorders : tricks of the trade
Concentrations of nickel (Ni) in some coastal Baltic fishes
Comparison of costs in ankle fractures treated with absorbable or metallic fixation devices
Baxter's the foot and ankle in sport
Foot and ankle pain
Principles and management of pediatric foot and ankle deformities and malformations
MRI in sports medicine
The effects of locomotor pattern diversity and ageing on the lower limb joint mechanics and loading during human walking and running
Coastal fish monitoring in Baltic reference areas 1998
