http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24074 individual integration
individual integration
Over the last four decades the sociological life course approach with its focus on the interplay of structure and agency over time life course perspective has become an important research perspective in the social sciences. Yet, while it has successfully been applied to almost all fields of social inquiry it is much less used in research studying migrant populations and their integration patterns. This is puzzling since understanding immigrants' integration requires just the kind of dynamic research approach this approach puts forward: any integration theory actually refers to life course processes. This volume shows fruitful cross-linkages between the two research traditions. A range of studies are presented that all apply sociological life course concepts to research on migrants and migrant groups in Europe. The book is organized thematically, indicating different important domains in the life course. Using a wide variety of methodological approaches, it covers both quantitative studies based on population census data and survey material as well as qualitative studies based on interviews. Attention is paid to the life courses of those who migrated themselves as well as their offspring. The studies cover different European countries, relating to one national context or a particular local setting in a city as well as cross-country comparisons. Overall the book shows that applying the sociological life course approach to migration and integration research may advance our understanding of immigrant settlement patterns as well as further develop the life course perspective.
Migrant capital : networks, identities and strategies
The emancipation of Europe's Muslims : the state's role in minority integration
Finns in the United States : a history of settlement, dissent, and integration
The discourses and politics of migration in Europe
Promoting labour market integration : analysis of the immigrant integration policies in Finland and Sweden
The Good lie
An opportunity and a challenge : migration in the European Union
Government integration programme for 2016–2019 and government resolution on a government integration programme
Ethnicity and integration
Why Muslim integration fails in Christian-heritage societies
Dismantling diasporas : rethinking the geographies of diasporic identity, connection and development
Multiculturalism : a very short introduction
Summary.
A cookbook to art and integration in Finland
The politics of reconciliation in multicultural societies
Promoting immigrants' democratic participation and integration
Go West : East European migrants in Sweden
Highly educated Taiwanese women seeking a self-acceptable social position in Finland
Looking for loopholes : processes of incorporation of illegal immigrants in the Netherlands
Development and the African diaspora : place and the politics of home
Obstacles and opportunities of internationalization of the academic staff at University of Helsinki
Transnational responsibilities and multi-sited strategies : voluntary associations of Somali diaspora in Finland
The role of immigrants' self identity in effective integration process into Finland
Gone with the wind? : immigrant women and transnational everyday life in Finland
Finnish teachers' attitudes about Muslim students and Muslim student integration
Unaccompanied refugee minors in Finland : challenges and good practices in a Nordic context
Reinventing the melting pot : the new immigrants and what it means to be American
The good lie
Immigrant stories : ethnicity and academics in middle childhood
Integration of foreign employees in German companies
Integration and inclusion of newcomers and minorities across Canada
The role of the English language in the integration of refugees into Finnish society
Measuring and monitoring immigrant integration in Europe
Initial labour integration of Russian-speaking students in Finland
Living in Limbo : qualitative case study of skilled Iraqi asylum seekers in Finland
Cross-Border Welfare State : Immigration, social security & integration
Bicultural competence in the context of remigration
Settlement process of Afghan immigrant women based on cultural perspective in Finland
Identity processes and dynamics in multi-ethnic Europe
Evaluation of the Available Means of Support for Integration of 2nd Generation Immigrants : Pasila Community Center
Foreign professionals in Finland and the importance of Finnish language skills
Discourses of integration : immigrants' perceptions of cross-cultural adaptation in letters to the editor
Late-arriving immigrants during the Great Migration, Finns were, comparatively speaking, a relatively small immigrant group, with about 350,000 immigrants arriving prior to World War II. Nevertheless, because of their geographic concentration in the Upper Midwest in particular, their impact was pronounced. They differed from many other new immigrant groups in a number of ways, including the fact that theirs is not an Indo-European language, and many old-country cultural and social features reflect their geographic location in Europe, at the juncture of East and West. A fresh and up-to-date analysis of Finnish Americans, this insightful volume lays the groundwork for exploring this unique culture through a historical context, followed by an overview of the overall composition and settlement patterns of these newcomers. The authors investigate the vivid ethnic organisations Finns created, as well as the cultural life they sought to preserve and enhance while fitting into their new homeland. Also explored are the complex dimensions of Finnish-American political and religious life, as well as the exodus of many radical leftists to Soviet Karelia in the 1930s. Through the lens of multiculturalism, transnationalism, and whiteness studies, the authors of this volume present a rich portrait of this distinctive group.
Integration in Ireland : the everyday lives of African migrants
International migration into Europe : from subjects to abjects
Religion, migration, settlement : reflections on post-1990 immigration to Finland
Integration and Work-based Learning : The Case of Info Bank
Social work and migration : immigrant and refugee settlement and integration
The Bidirectional Integration Programme
Becoming British : UK citizenship examinated
Gone with the wind? ; immigrant women and transnational everyday life in Finland
History, memory and migration : perceptions of the past and the politics of incorporation
Co-ethnic migrations compared : Central and Eastern European contexts
"The number of Western expatriates in China has grown exponentially over the past three decades, and their ability to manage cross-cultural relations has become increasingly crucial: to date, China ranks second amongst the international destinations for expatriation, occupying the top position in terms of challenges faced by expatriates and failure of assignments. Expatriates in China, aimed at both scholars and business professionals, draws from academic literature and explores the world of Western expatriates in the Chinese business context through the author's first-hand experience as an expatriate in conjunction with testimonials from interviewees. This study analyses numerous factors that can affect Western expatriates and their performance in China from the selection stage until after repatriation: pre-arrival linguistic and cultural training, expatriate recruitment and selection, culture shock, matters of international human resources management, expatriate identity issues, work practices, understanding 'the Chinese way' and the effective management of expatriate repatriation. "--
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Working together for better integration : immigrants, police and social work
Second-generation transnationalism and roots migration : cross-border lives
Working through barriers : host country institutions and immigrant labour market performance in Europe
Language planning for adult immigrant integration : critical perspectives on challenges for and motivations of immigrant second language learners in Finland
The article deals with the specificity of initial labour integration for Russian-speaking students who study at the universities of Helsinki, Jyväskylä, Tampere, Turku and Helsinki. The empirical databases from the Finnish Social Science Data Archive (Tampere, 2006) are used as a basis for analysis. The empirical data has been processed using the SPSS 11.0 program. The results, based on mathematical and statistical analysis, allow us to draw conclusions about the existence of several differentiated levels of success in terms of the integration for Russian-speaking immigrants in Finland. As a result, four types of integration have been classified as follows - “well-integrated”, “potentially well-integrated”, “moderately integrated”, and “poorly integrated”. Whereas the first two types of integration are characterized by how successfully the immigrants integrate into the labour market, their language skills and the types of labour they are engaged in, the other two types are characterized by other influencing factors (educational “load,” family ties, secondary labour activity, obstacles to labour activity).
The process of integration among Burmese refugees in Finland
Dining in diaspora : a collection of printed kitchen textiles for Afghan homes in Helsinki
National minorities in Finland : richness of cultures and languages
"The Emancipation of Europe's Muslims traces how governments across Western Europe have responded to the growing presence of Muslim immigrants in their countries over the past fifty years. Drawing on hundreds of in-depth interviews with government officials and religious leaders in France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Morocco, and Turkey, Jonathan Laurence challenges the widespread notion that Europe's Muslim minorities represent a threat to liberal democracy. He documents how European governments in the 1970s and 1980s excluded Islam from domestic institutions, instead inviting foreign powers like Saudi Arabia, Algeria, and Turkey to oversee the practice of Islam among immigrants in European host societies. But since the 1990s, amid rising integration problems and fears about terrorism, governments have aggressively stepped up efforts to reach out to their Muslim communities and incorporate them into the institutional, political, and cultural fabrics of European democracy. The Emancipation of Europe's Muslims places these efforts--particularly the government-led creation of Islamic councils--within a broader theoretical context and gleans insights from government interactions with groups such as trade unions and Jewish communities at previous critical junctures in European state-building. By examining how state-mosque relations in Europe are linked to the ongoing struggle for religious and political authority in the Muslim-majority world, Laurence sheds light on the geopolitical implications of a religious minority's transition from outsiders to citizens. This book offers a much-needed reassessment that foresees the continuing integration of Muslims into European civil society and politics in the coming decades."--Publisher's website.
Polish immigrants in Britain : a study of adjustment
Participation, integration, and recognition : changing pathways to immigrant incorporation
"Migration is one of the key issues in contemporary European politics and society, placing high on the political agenda in local, national and transnational political contexts, and widely debated in the media. All European states must grapple with the challenges posed when people move across borders. However, little is known about the relationship between the construction and elaboration of political discourse and its impact on institutions and actors associated with immigration, as well as the lives and everyday realities of frequently vulnerable migrant populations. This book engages with politics and political discourse that relate to and qualify immigration in Europe. It brings together empirical analysis of immigration both topically and contextually, and interprets such empirical evidence with the use of policy and discursive analyses as methodological tools"--
The multiculturalism backlash : European discourses, policies and practices
Globalisation, migration and integration have shaken up identity processes and identity dynamics as never before. But in a post-colonial, multi-ethnic Europe, what is identity? How is it constructed? Identity Processes and Dynamics in Multi-Ethnic Europe endeavours to answer these questions and more. Eleven of the thirteen chapters present empirical case studies from the Basque Country, the Netherlands, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and Portugal - thus resulting in one of the first international volumes to highlight Portugal's diverse and complex migration flows. Transnationalism also takes centre stage in several contributions that survey various types of informal and formal networks in local communities and across national borders. Via American studies, anthropology, cultural studies, ethnology, history, social psychology and sociology, the authors come from an array of disciplines as dynamic as the continent about which they write. This title is available in the OAPEN Library - http://www.oapen.org.
Social work increasingly finds itself at the frontline of issues pertaining to immigrant and refugee settlement and integration. In this book, Kathleen Valtonen provides the first book-length study on the challenges these issues create for the profession. The book draws on a wide range of current research in migration which is not widely available to social workers or included in social work literature. Readers are offered the opportunity to explore the capacity of the profession to play a primary role in the course and outcome of settlement, and to influence the integration and multicultural processes taking place at many levels in our modern societies of settlement. Across societies, social work is fashioning theory and practice for the current era of migration. Social change and the new diversity call for conventional notions of ethics and equity to be revisited. The book fills a gap in the social work literature by providing scholars, practitioners and students with a critical knowledge base that will strengthen their ability to engage with issues of immigration and integration and to open up options for effective practice with growing numbers of immigrant and refugee clients.
The changing face of world cities : young adult children of immigrants in Europe and the United States
Home and escapism within a migrant and non-migrant identities in Anita Desai's novels Bye bye blackbird and Fasting, feasting
Iraqi women in Denmark : ritual performance and belonging in everyday life
Strangers from the East : narratives of Karelian exiles and re-immigrants from Russia regarding their integration in Finland
Government resolution on the government integration programme : the government's focus areas for 2012-2015
Muslim diaspora in the West : negotiating gender, home and belonging
Marriage migration and skills : narratives of Latvian women in Finland
Welfare states and immigrant rights : the politics of inclusion and exclusion
The perception of the Finnish integration policy by different actors in Vantaa : case of Qutomo project
"The integration of new immigrants is one of the most important issues in Europe, yet not enough is known about the lives of migrants. This book draws on several years of ethnographic research with African migrants in Ireland, many of whom are former asylum seekers. Against the widespread assumptions that integration has been handled well in Ireland and that racism is not a major problem, this book shows that migrants are themselves shaping integration in their everyday lives in the face of enormous challenges. The book will appeal to scholars and students interested in migration and ethnicity and to a general reading public interested in the stories of integration in Ireland. The book is situated within current anthropological theory and makes an important contribution, both theoretically and empirically, to understandings of the everyday and a site of possibility and critique."--Publisher's website.
"I've been raised to value the human equality" : Finnish as second language teachers' intercultural communication competence at the integration training of Vantaa Adult Education Institute
The Anglo brambles
A life-course perspective on migration and integration
The Role of languages in the integration of working age migrants into the Finnish labour market : the case of migrants working in NGOs in Turku, Finland
Expatriates in China : experiences, opportunities and challenges
Challenging immigration and ethnic relations politics : comparative European perspectives
Theorising transnational migration : the status paradox of migration
Intercultural adaptation as a dialogical learning process : motivational factors among the short-term and long-term migrants
