http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2401 civil rights movements
civil rights movements
Harry Truman and civil rights : moral courage and political risks
A life for Africa : the story of Bram Fischer
Local people : the struggle for civil rights in Mississippi
Black power : radical politics and African American identity
The struggle for black equality 1954-1992
Mandela : a biography
Thurgood Marshall : American revolutionary
Speak now against the day : the generation before the civil rights movement in the South
Ready for revolution : the life and struggles of Stokely Carmichael (Kwame Ture)
SING FOR FREEDOM : THE STORY OF THE CIVIL RIGHTS MOVEMENT THROUGH IT'S SONGS
"The Cambridge Companion to American Civil Rights Literature brings together leading scholars to examine the significant traditions, genres, and themes of civil rights literature. While civil rights scholarship has typically focused on documentary rather than creative writing, and political rather than cultural history, this Companion addresses the gap and provides university students with a vast introduction to an impressive range of authors, including Richard Wright, Lorraine Hansberry, Gwendolyn Brooks, James Baldwin, Amiri Baraka, and Toni Morrison. Accessible to undergraduates and academics alike, this Companion surveys the critical landscape of a rapidly growing field and lays the foundation for future studies"--
Mandela : an illustrated autobiography
White : the biography of Walter White, Mr. NAACP
Nelson Mandela : a force for freedom
Freedom dreams : The black radical imagination
"Racial matters" : the FBI's secret file on black America, 1960-1972
Active citizenship : a teaching toolkit
Jim Crow's children : the broken promise of the Brown decision
Now I know who my comrades are : voices from the Internet underground
The lesbian and gay movement and the state : comparative insights into a transformed relationship
The social gospel in black and white : american racial reform, 1885-1912
Winnie Mandela : mother of a nation
Alex Haley & Malcolm X's The autobiography of Malcolm X
Protest and opportunities : the political outcomes of social movements
Diary of a sit-in
Gandhi in the West : The Mahatma and the rise of radical protest
Sing for freedom : the story of the civil rights movement through its songs
A different day : African American struggles for justice in rural Louisiana, 1900-1970
Apartheid's rebels : inside South Africa's hidden war
Towards national unity and integration
Of Kennedys and kings : making sense of the sixties
Communist front? : the Civil Rights Congress, 1946-1956
"Drawing on an original survey of more than 5,000 respondents, this book argues that, contrary to claims by the 1994 Zapatista insurgency, indigenous and non-indigenous respondents in southern Mexico have been united by socioeconomic conditions and land tenure institutions as well as by ethnic identity. It concludes that--contrary to many analyses of Chiapas's 1994 indigenous rebellion--external influences can trump ideology in framing social movements. Rural Chiapas's prevalent communitarian attitudes resulted partly from external land tenure institutions, rather than from indigenous identities alone. The book further points to recent indigenous rights movements in neighboring Oaxaca, Mexico, as examples of bottom-up multicultural institutions that might be emulated in Mexico and elsewhere in Latin America"--Provided by publisher.
Better day coming : blacks and equality, 1890-2000
Social movements : a cognitive approach
Nelson Mandela : a biography
Martin Luther King, Jr. : the last interview and other conversations
Five women in the civil rights movement of the USA
Jesse : the life and pilgrimage of Jesse Jackson
Stand up and be counted : soul,funk and jazz from a revolutionary era
We will be satisfied with nothing less : the African strggle for equal rights in the north during reconstruction
The Cambridge companion to American civil rights literature
Inside agitators : white southerners in the Civil Rights Movement
Black Panthers for beginners
Forever young, gifted & black : songs of freedom and spirit
Politics, identity, and Mexico's indigenous rights movements
Un-American : W.E.B. Du Bois and the century of world revolution
A celebration of the most influential and thought-provoking speeches that have shaped the world we live in. With comprehensive, chronological coverage of speeches from the 20th and 21st centuries, taken from all corners of the globe, entries all feature photo headshots of the speakers plus an introduction explaining the background behind every speech and biographical details of each of the speakers as well as analysis of each speech throughout including buzzwords, memorable phrases and marginal notes.
Martin's big words : the life of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr
American Congo : the African American freedom struggle in the Delta
The civil rights movement : a photographic history, 1954-68
A crowd of onlookers gawked from the pavement as four young black men dressed in black leather jackets and berets leapt from a Volkswagen, each of them wielding shotguns with bandoliers strapped across their bodies. The young men surrounded two white police officers who had accosted a black man and had him spread-eagled against a building. The young men did not say a word as the police officers watched them nervously, their eyes fixed on the shotguns. One of the young men held a large law book in his hand. This was the Black Panther Party in ideal action. The real story - the whole story - was both more and less heroic. So begins BLACK PANTHERS FOR BEGINNERS. The late 1960s, when the Panthers captured the imagination of the nation's youth, was a time of regulation. While their furious passage was marked by death, destruction and government sabotage, the Panthers left an instructive legacy for anyone who dares to challenge the system. Herb Boyd has done exhaustive research, examined the claims of all parties involved and boiled the story down to "the truth." We believe this is the most truthful book on the market, but each Panther has his/her own story to tell. We suggest that you check out the stories of all the Black Panthers.
The wisdom of Martin Luther King, Jr
Mexican Americans : leadership, ideology, & identity, 1930-1960
Martin Luther King : [from minister to civil rights leader]
Hard road to freedom : the story of African America
Incognegro : a memoir of exile & apartheid
While acknowledging Hannah Arendt's keen philosophical and political insights, Kathryn T. Gines claims that there are some problematic assertions and oversights regarding Arendt's treatment of the "Negro question." Gines focuses on Arendt's reaction to the desegregation of Little Rock schools, to laws making mixed marriages illegal, and to the growing civil rights movement in the South. Reading them alongside Arendt's writings on revolution, the human condition, violence, and responses to the Eichmann war crimes trial, Gines provides a systematic analysis of anti-black racism in Arendt's work.
Walking with the wind : a memoir of the movement
Side by side : the autobiography of Helen Joseph
Testimonio : a documentary history of the Mexican American struggle for civil rights
The Marcus Garvey and Universal Negro Improvement Association papers. Vol. 11, The Caribbean diaspora, 1910-1920
No Mexicans, women, or dogs allowed : the rise of the Mexican American civil rights movement
Fight against apartheid : India's pioneering role in the world campaign against racial discrimination in South Africa
Parting the waters : America in the King years 1954-63
Social movements of the 1960s : searching for democracy
The free diary of Albie Sachs
A testament of hope : the essential writings and speeches of Martin Luther King, Jr
"We return fighting" : the civil rights movement in the jazz age
A Martin Luther King treasury
Divided minds : intellectuals and the civil rights movement
Inheritors of the spirit : Mary White Ovington and the founding of the NAACP
Gandhi and King : the power of nonviolent resistance
By analyzing the relationship between lesbian and gay movements and the state, this ground-breaking book addresses two interconnected issues: to what extent is the lesbian and gay movement influenced by the state and, to a lesser extent, whether the lesbian and gay movement has somehow influenced the state, for instance by altering forms of sexual regulation. Given the diversity in national trajectories, this book covers fifteen countries. This enables the volume to shed light on different kinds of relationships between these groups and the state, as well as on the way they have evolved in recent decades. The Lesbian and Gay Movement and the State: Comparative Insights into a Transformed Relationship fills an important gap in the literature on lesbian and gay activism. However, this book also provides important and innovative insights into broader issues in international political science, public policy and comparative politics, as well as issues in social movement studies. These include the role of the state in constructing citizen identities, the heteronormative way in which many traditional citizen entitlements and benefits were constructed, state - civil society relations, judicial activism, the impact of federalism, and the increasing globalization of sexual identities.
Tiananmen exiles / : voices of the struggle for democracy in China
Freedom, rhythm & sound : revolutionary jazz & the civil rights movement 1963-82
Street fighting years : an autobiography of the sixties
Martin Luther King : America's great non-violent leader, who was murdered in the struggle for black rights
Zhao Ziyang and China's political future
An endeavor by Harlem dancers to achieve equality : the recognition of the Harlem-based African-American jazz dance between 1921 and 1943
Ralph J. Bunche : selected speeches and writings
"As "As the Black Lives Matter movement gains momentum, and books like Ta-Nehisi Coates's Between the World and Me and Claudia Rankine's Citizen swing national attention toward the racism and violence that continue to poison our communities, it's as urgent now as ever to celebrate Martin Luther King, Jr., whose insistence on equality and peace defined the Civil Rights Movement and forever changed the course of American history. This collection ranges from an early 1961 interview in which King describes his reasons for joining the ministry (after considering medicine), to a 1964 conversation with Robert Penn Warren, to his last interview, which was conducted on stage at the convention of the Rabbinical Assembly, just ten days before King's assassination. Timely, poignant, and inspiring, Martin Luther King, Jr.: the last interview is an essential addition to the Last Interview series"--
This work focuses concern on historical impacts in the Chinese political arena in order to re-appraise Zhao Ziyang's political legacies and their relevance to China's ongoing change.
Tom Joadism in the twentieth century : how Joe Hill, Woody Guthrie and Bruce Springsteen reflected their times through songs
A call to conscience : the landmark speeches of dr. Martin Luther King, jr
Women in the Civil Rights Movement : trailblazers and torchbearers, 1941-1965
Iran, the green movement and the USA : the fox and the paradox
The non-violent protests of civil rights activists and anti-nuclear campaigners during the 1960s helped to redefine Western politics. But where did they come from? Sean Scalmer uncovers their history in an earlier generation's intense struggles to understand and emulate the activities of Mahatma Gandhi. He shows how Gandhi's non-violent protests were the subject of widespread discussion and debate in the USA and UK for several decades. Though at first misrepresented by Western newspapers, they were patiently described and clarified by a devoted group of cosmopolitan advocates. Small groups of Westerners experimented with Gandhian techniques in virtual anonymity and then, on the cusp of the 1960s, brought these methods to a wider audience. The swelling protests of later years increasingly abandoned the spirit of non-violence, and the central significance of Gandhi and his supporters has therefore been forgotten. This book recovers this tradition, charts its transformation, and ponders its abiding significance.
Iran, the Green Movement and the USA : the fox and the paradox
The movement 1964-1970
Civilities and civil rights : Greensboro, North Carolina, and the black struggle for freedom
Time longer than rope : a century of African American activism, 1850-1950
Frederick Douglass : a life in documents
The walls of Jericho : Lyndon Johnson, Hubert Humphrey, Richard Russell, and the struggle for civil rights
Reclaiming American virtue : the human rights revolution of the 1970s
Publisher description: The Struggle for Black Equality is an arresting history of the civil-rights movement--from the pathbreaking Supreme Court decision of 1954, Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka, Kansas, through the growth of strife and conflict in the 1960s to the major issues of the 1990s. Harvard Sitkoff offers not only a brilliant interpretation of the personalities and dynamics of the civil-rights organization - SNCC, CORE, NAACP, SCLC, and others - but a superb study of the continuing problems plaguing the African-American population: the future that in 1980 seemed to hold much promise for a better way of life has by the early1990s hardly lived up to expectations. Jim Crow has gone, but, forty years after Brown, poverty, big-city slums, white backlash, politically and socially conservative policies, and prolonged recession have made economic progress for the vast majority of blacks an elusive, perhaps ever more distant goal.
The true confessions of an albino terrorist
"Un-American is Bill Mullen's revisionist account of renowned author and activist W.E.B. Du Bois's political thought toward the end of his life, a period largely dismissed and neglected by scholars. He describes Du Bois's support for what the Communist International called 'world revolution' as the primary objective of this aged radical's activism. Du Bois was a champion of the world's laboring millions and critic of the Cold War, a man dedicated to animating global political revolution. Mullen argues that Du Bois believed that the Cold War stalemate could create the conditions in which the world powers could achieve not only peace but workers' democracy. Un-American shows Du Bois to be deeply engaged in international networks and personal relationships with revolutionaries in India, China, and Africa. Mullen explores how thinkers like Karl Marx, Jawaharlal Nehru, Mohandas Gandhi, and C.L.R. James helped him develop a theory of world revolution at a stage in his life when most commentators regard him as marginalized. This original political biography also challenges assessments of Du Bois as an American 'race man'"--
A life in the struggle : Ivory Perry and the culture of opposition
The road to freedom : Taiwan's postwar human rights movement
Social movements : readings on their emergence, mobilazation, and dynamics
Sing for freedom : the story of the civil rights movement through it's songs
I see the promised land : A life of Martin Luther King Jr
Pachakutik : indigenous movements and electoral politics in Ecuador
Freedom is a constant struggle : Ferguson, Palestine, and the foundations of a movement
A people's history of the United States : 1492 - present
Our children can soar : a celebration of Rosa, Barack, and the pioneers of change
God and race in American politics : a short history
Standing fast : the autobiography of Roy Wilkins
Czechoslovakia, Charter 77's decade of dissent
The Black power movement : rethinking the civil rights-Black power era
Strange fruit : Billie Holiday, Café Society, and an early cry for civil rights
The business of Black power : community development, capitalism, and corporate responsibility in postwar America
American Africans in Ghana : black expatriates and the civil rights era
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. the authorized biography
Blood in the water : the Attica prison uprising of 1971 and its legacy
The unfinished journey : America since World War II
Post-prison writings and speeches
The eyes on the prize : civil rights reader : documents, speeches, and firsthand accounts from the black freedom struggle, 1954-1990
Dreamer
In search of freedom
Hannah Arendt and the Negro question
Voices of freedom : an oral history of the civil rights movement from the 1950s through the 1980s
Power on the left : American radical movements since 1946
Malcolm X speaks : selected speeches and statements
We'll never turn back
South Africa : a modern history
The civil rights era : origins and development of national policy : 1960-1972
Free at last : the U. S. civil rights movement
I have a dream
The sixties : a pictorial re view
50 speeches that made the modern world
Martin Luther King, Jr
Constantly rewriting his own story, Malcolm X became a criminal, a minister, a leader, and eventually an icon, assassinated at the age of 39. This title presents a sweeping story of the darkest days of racial unrest, from the rise of the Ku Klux Klan to the struggles of the civil rights movement, examining his engagement with the Nation of Islam.
The children
Malcolm X : a life of reinvention
Media bias perspective, and state repression : the Black Panther Party
The help
Let freedom sing : the music of the civil rights movement
I've got the light of freedom : the organizing tradition and the Mississippi freedom struggle
Mandela : the authorised biography
Freedom rhythm & sound : revolutionary jazz and the civil rights movement 1963-1982 : volume one
The American civil rights movement : a guide to materials in the British Library
"Historian Heather Ann Thompson offers the first definitive telling of the Attica prison uprising, the state's violent response, and the victims' decades-long quest for justice - in time for the forty-fifth anniversary of the events"
The spirit of the sixties : the making of postwar radicalism
Human acts : a novel
The ethnic and group identity movements : earning recognition
Where we live, work and play : the environmental justice movement and the struggle for a new environmentalism
