http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24076 summer cottage life
summer cottage life
The aim of this thesis is to create a proper business plan for the entrepreneur project of Sci le Puy du coq. The case is the Puy du coq vacation rental cottage construction planning. Puy du coq is a vocational rental cottages construction plan in the center of France. The entrepreneur is Miss. Sandra Chassan, her creation of company type is SCI (Société Civile Immobilière). The actual site location is a natural site in the countryside and the plan includes a reception building, a meeting room and full-equipped fitness and wellness center with a biological swimming pool. The whole project design is aiming families and handicap personals. The surrounding of the area is peaceful and with easy access. It makes a short escape / city break possible for families, families with handicap members and even business purpose possible. The thesis studies the possible cottage construction in the local area and the marketing needs of such vacation rental. The construction plan for the whole site and the different cottage types, the success factors and commercial advertisement solutions are also listed in this business plan. In conclusion, the thesis shows the potential needs and benefit of this handicap tourism support vacation rental cottages' planning. The handicap label and environmental friendly design will also allow more possibilities of funding.
Ryokan vs finnish cottage : case study of traditional Japanese accommondation and finnish cottage accommondation
The economic effects of 'out-of-county'-cottagers on the cottage municipalities in Finland : a case study on the local consumption in Kustavi municipality
Understanding recreational fishing in the perspective of second homes and tourism
Second home tourism in Finland : perceptions of citizens and municipalities on the state and development of second home tourism
The Cabin in the woods
The one I love
Afterword : summer houses and saunas, parks and libraries - spaces of private and public consumption in Finland
Beach huts and bathing machines
Business plan for Sci le Puy du coq : Case: Puy du coq vacation rental cottages planning
Changing second home landscape: a study in cultural geography.
There are original facilities or accommodations to stay in vacation in each country. Japanese stay at ryokan, Finnish stay at cottage. The purpose of this study was to explore background, similarities and differences between ryokan and Finnish cottage and to consider the possibility to open ryokan in Finland or Finnish cottage in Japan. The data was collected from a survey of 66 members (Japanese, Finnish and international people) and qualitative data. The qualitative data consists of interviews, observation in accommodations, and literature. The data was analyzed using respondents' answers, opinions from survey and interviews, and observation in qualitative data. The majority of respondents stated that they do not have experience in staying at ryokan or Finnish cottage because they did not have a chance to visit there during the short stays in the country, and also because of the poor advertising. On one hand, they are interested in different culture and new things, but on the other hand, they keep their own culture or customs. The findings indicate that it is hard to bring identical things as-is in each other's country because of difference of background and land in countries. However, it is possible to bring them by assimilating and fitting both cultures to take into account different particularities of the countries. Key words: Leisure, hospitality, different culture, accommodation, Finnish cottage, ryokan (traditional Japanese accommodation)
Dacha idylls : living organically in Russia's countryside
