http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24034 Arts and crafts movement
Arts and crafts movement
Liberty's furniture 1875-1915 : the birth of modern interior design
Walter Crane (1845-1915) was one of the most important, versatile and radical artists of the nineteenth century: a painter, decorator, designer, book illustrator, poet, author, teacher, art theorist, and socialist. Crane's astonishingly diverse body of work challenged the establishment, artistically and politically. In this original and carefully researched new study, Morna O'Neill presents a fascinating portrait of an artist who used his talent and energy to dismantle the traditional boundaries between fine art and decorative art, between elite and popular, between art and propaganda. Crane's enduring influence is felt on many levels, and significant new research in this book uncovers the magnificent breadth of his artistic practice. The finest book illustrator of the Victorian era, he revolutionized that field. Inspired by John Ruskin and the Pre-Raphaelites, he was central to the development of Aestheticism in England and, later, Symbolism in Europe. A friend and associate of William Morris, his work embodied Arts and Crafts ideals. A lifelong political radical, he invented the iconography of English socialism. Crane's compelling and fascinating work asserts the central role of the artist in society. By creating new environments and imagining a future world, Crane promoted design as a powerful force for social change. By reconsidering his politics and reintegrating it with his art, Crane emerges in this book as a unique figure, an artist who translated 'art for art's sake' into 'art for all'.
Walter Crane : the arts and crafts, painting, and politics, 1875-1890
In the Craftsman Style : building furniture inspired by the Arts and Crafts tradition
Arts and crafts objects
William Morris
Graphic style : from Victorian to new century
Women in the Arts and Crafts movement 1870-1914
William Morris (1834-1896)
Arts & crafts design in America : a state-by-state guide
Art versus industry? : new perspectives on visual and industrial cultures in nineteenth-century Britain
Textiles of the arts and crafts movement
Arts and crafts architecture
The Arts and Crafts sourcebook
William Morris and the idea of community : romance, history and propaganda, 1880-1914
Charles Rennie Mackintosh : architect, artist, icon
Arts & crafts style
Textiles of the Arts and Crafts Movement
William Morris : artist, craftsman, pioneer
The Encyclopedia of Decorative Styles 1850-1935
Arts and crafts carpets
An anthology of the arts and crafts movement
William Morris and the Arts and Crafts movement : a design source book
The arts & crafts movement
