http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24028 piracy
piracy maritime piracy
Villains of all nations : Atlantic pirates in the golden age
Pirates of the 21st century : : how modern-day buccaneers are terrorising the world  ́s oceans
The sea dogs  : privateers, plunder and piracy in the Elizabethan Age
The world for ransom : piracy is terrorism, terrorism is piracy
Captain Phillips
Piracy in comparative perspective : problems, strategies, law
The world's most dangerous place
EU management of global emergencies : legal framework for combating threats and crises
Maritime safety, security and piracy
In 1604-1605, Hugo Grotius wrote "De iure praedae", a commentary on the law of booty and prize and a first step towards the "Law of War and Peace" of twenty years later. Not published in his own times, rediscovered in 1864, and subsequently published, it has been over-interpreted and under-studied. The sixteen essays in this volume discuss "De iure praedae", its intellectual sources, personal and political circumstances and over-all consequences, exploring how Grotius as a humanist, theologian, jurist and politician proceeded in this his first exercise in the theory of natural law and rights. The essays are written by an international and interdisciplinary team of specialists, based on papers delivered at a conference at NIAS in Wassenaar in 2005.
Pirates and mutineers of the nineteenth century : swashbucklers and swindlers
The world of Atlas of pirates : treasures and treachery on the seven seas, in maps, tall tales, and pictures
A growing force : civil society's role in Asian regional security
Modern piracy & maritime terrorism : the challenge of piracy for the 21st century
Black sails. The complete second season
Spanish gold : captain Woodes Rogers and the true story of the pirates of the Caribbean
International criminal law : cases and commentary
Pirate nests and the rise of the British Empire, 1570-1740
This collection examines changes in the representation of the pirate from the beginning of the nineteenth century through the late Victorian period. Gone were the dangerous ruffians of the eighteenth-century novel and in their place emerged a set of brooding and lovable rogues, as exemplified by Byron's Corsair.... Linking the pirate's development as a literary figure with the history of piracy and the making of the modern state tells us much about race, class, and evolving gender relationships. While individual chapters examine key texts like Treasure Island, Dickens's 1857 'mutiny' story in Household Words, and Peter Pan, the collection as a whole interrogates the growth of pirate myths and folklore throughout the nineteenth century and the depiction of their nautical heirs in contemporary literature and culture.--From publisher description.
Aerial hijacking as an international crime
Villains of all nations explores the "Golden Age" of Atlantic piracy (1716-1726) and the infamous generation whose images underlie our modern, romanticized view of pirates. Rediker introduces us to the dreaded black flag, the Jolly Roger; swashbuckling figures such as Edward Teach, better known as Blackbeard; and the unnamed, unlimbed pirate who was likely Robert Louis Stevenson"s model for Long John Silver in Treasure island. This history shows from the bottom up how sailors emerged from deadly working conditions on merchant and naval ships, turned pirate, and created a starkly different reality aboard their own ships, electing their officers, dividing their booty equitably, and maintaining a multinational social order. The real lives of this motley crew--which included cross-dressing women, people of color, and the "outcasts of all nations"--are far more compelling than contemporary myth. "Marcus Rediker knows pirates, and he knows how to tell a story. Villains of all nations is a must read; don"t wait for the movie!" --Robin D. G. Kelley, author of Freedom dreams: the Black radical imagination.
Black sails. The complete third season
Modeling social phenomena in spatial context
Maritime security : an introduction
Women and English piracy, 1540-1720 : partners and victims of crime
In The Tears of Dark Water, the internationally bestselling author of A Walk Across the Sun and The Garden of Burning Sand delivers an electrifying, moving novel of tragedy, vengeance and redemption set against the backdrop of a pressing contemporary political issue. When Somali pirates hijack an American sailing yacht in the Indian Ocean, a tense standoff orchestrated by top U.S. hostage negotiator Paul Derrick ends in tragedy: Skipper Daniel Parker is shot dead and his troubled son Quentin is critically wounded. The pirates are captured and extradited to stand trial in the USA. A young pirate named Ismail is identified by his cohorts as the shooter. Inquestioning him, Derrick begins to suspect there is more to his story than a zealot driven by simple, bloodthirsty anti-American extremism. But Ismail says little, fearing the truth will endanger the only person he has left in the world: His sister Yasmin.Yasmin is the youngest (and favorite) wife of a radical Islamist leader named Najiib. But Najiib also thinks she shares the rebellious spirit of her brother Ismail--who escaped soon after the siblings were kidnapped from their Mogadishu schoolhouse by Najiib's men. As his mistrust grows, Yasmin begins to plan her own escape. Derrick's sister Megan, a criminal defense lawyer, takes Ismail's case. Sharing her brother's sense that there is a mystery to unravel, she begins an investigation that traces Ismail's journey from Mogadishu to a Kenyan refugee camp to the large Somali immigrant community in Minneapolis. As the tension mounts, Ismail strikes a shocking deal with the U.S. Government that offers him a chance to save Yasmin's future.
Maritime piracy. Part 2, An overview of the international legal framework and of multilateral cooperation to combat piracy
Hostage three
Blackbeard the pirate
Small boats, weak states, dirty money : piracy and maritime terrorism in the modern world
Maritime piracy. Part 1, An overview of trends, costs and trade-related implications
Maritime security handbook : coping with piracy
Deep sea and foreign going : inside shipping, the invisible industry that brings you 90% of everything / Rose George
Summary.
The best book of pirates
Pirate : the Golden Age
"Pirates have been a subject of fascination for hundreds of years, inspiring a mixture of terror and admiration. The existence of a pirate held appeal to many--a life of violence, danger, comradeship and plunder often seemed preferable to a life of low pay and poor conditions aboard a merchant ship. Narrowing the 'Golden Age of Piracy' to a brief but bloody decade in the early 18th century, Angus Konstam and David Rickman here cast aside the myths and stereotypes surrounding the pirate of this time and instead present what pirate life and appearance was really like in the most fascinating period of their history."--P. [4] of cover.
Piracy and armed robbery at sea : the legal framework for counter-piracy operations in Somalia and the Gulf of Aden
Somalia, the new barbary? : piracy and Islam in the Horn of Africa
The purpose of this thesis is to research the liabilities, which affect different stakeholders in Maritime piracy. The focus is in Somali Piracy for the reason that the attacks have been more active in that region than other areas of the world. The liabilities were studied from a few Lloyd's Law Reports, which handled Maritime piracy. In these cases, the piracy brought out complex situations in where it was needed to consider for example if the vessel was off-hire or if the deviation was justified. The research is implemented by analysing different international laws and insurances and also special forms of contract of carriage were analysed. Maritime piracy is a serious problem for the international trade and also to the stakeholders of maritime transport. To mention a few it affects to the retail prices, brings additional costs to vessel owners, diminishes security of seafarers and augments the possibility of environmental catastrophes. The complexity of piracy has born in the home states of pirates. The countries are without proper tools to suppress the problem. Their jurisdiction and infrastructure to prosecute the pirates are almost non-existent. In consequence, this enhances pirates to act from shore. The international organizations have started a few collaboration programs in order to diminish and govern piracy. Organizations are aware of the problem and the collaboration programs (for example, Djibouti Code of Conduct) are concentrating not only to the long-term prevention but also to the current problems. As an example, the Baltic and International Maritime Council (BIMCO) has amended certain clauses into prevailing forms, which are used in maritime transport, to anticipate the possible piracy situations and have also clarified the clauses to indicate the liabilities of stakeholders. In addition, BIMCO has generated new forms to the stakeholders in order to govern better the changing situations. The conclusion of this thesis was that the maritime agreements are under an amendment to state more clearly the liabilities of the different parties in piracy situations. The cases earlier have shown the complexity of the legal aspect when old clauses are not acting as an appropriate tool to interpret/asses the current situations and incidents in High Risk Area. The amendments are new, and part of the amendments is not reinforced yet but much is invested for facilitating the interpretations. As a result, there are no cases yet interpreted with these recent amendments to witness whether the changes have been successful.
Modern piracy : legal challenges and responses
ESPIONAGE & SPY THRILLER. Jack Bauer is a fugitive hunted by the most powerful nations in the world. On a self-imposed crusade to destroy the criminal empire of international arms dealer Karl Rask, Jack has infiltrated the crew of one of Rask's freighters. But his mission is disrupted when the ship is hijacked by a band of suspiciously well-informed pirates off the coast of Somalia. As Jack fights to free the ship, he discovers a deadly secret hidden in its hold.
Piracy was one of the most gendered criminal activities during the early modern period. As a form of maritime enterprise and organized criminality, it attracted thousands of male recruits whose venturing acquired a global dimension as piratical activity spread across the oceans and seas of the world. At the same time, piracy affected the lives of women in varied ways. Adopting a fresh approach to the subject, this study explores the relationships and contacts between women and pirates during a prolonged period of intense and shifting enterprise. Drawing on a wide body of evidence and based on English and Anglo-American patterns of activity, it argues that the support of female receivers and maintainers was vital to the persistence of piracy around the British Isles at least until the early seventeenth century. The emergence of long-distance and globalized predation had far reaching consequences for female agency. Within colonial America, women continued to play a role in networks of support for mixed groups of pirates and sea rovers; at the same time, such groups of predators established contacts with women of varied backgrounds in the Caribbean and the Indian Ocean. As such, female agency formed part of the economic and social infrastructure which supported maritime enterprise of contested legality. But it co-existed with the victimisation of women by pirates, including the Barbary corsairs. As this study demonstrates, the interplay between agency and victimhood was manifest in a campaign of petitioning which challenged male perceptions of women's status as victims. Against this background, the book also examines the role of a small number of women pirates, including the lives of Mary Read and Ann Bonny, while addressing the broader issue of limited female recruitment into piracy.
Black sails. The complete first season
The Usborne official pirate's handbook
Privateering : patriots and profits in the War of 1812
British privateering voyages of the early eighteenth century
Crisis in the Horn of Africa : politics, piracy and the threat of terror
The culture of piracy, 1580-1630 : English literature and seaborne crime
The deadly life of logistics : mapping violence in global trade
Piracy : the complete history
Pirates of the 21st century
Carriage of goods by sea, land and air : unimodal and multimodal transport in the 21st century
The atlas of ship wreck & treasure
The pirates of Somalia : inside their hidden world
Piracy off the coast of Somalia : an analysis of the current piracy legislation in theory and in practice
Pirates : the secrets of Blackbeard's world
The tears of dark water
Global responses to maritime violence : cooperation and collective action
Property, piracy and punishment : Hugo Grotius on war and booty in De iure praedae : concepts and contexts
Piracy and the decline of Venice 1580-1615
Pirates of the 21st century : how modern-day buccaneers are terrorising the world's oceans
