http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24058 interior decorators
interior decorators
Finland apartments
Kelly Hoppen style : the golden rules of design
Decorattivo 1977 : Righe e quadri = lines and squares
Josef Frank : life and work
Mixing gorgeous interiors with sparkling social history, this is the first book on the visionary women whose work shaped the principles of modern interior decorating.
Swiss furniture and interiors in the 20th century
The Manor, the very place where their passionate love affair began, fills with guests on what should be the happiest day of Ava and Jesse's lives. She has accepted that she'll never tame the fierceness in Jesse -- and she doesn't want to. Their love is profound, their connection powerful, but just when she thinks that she's finally gotten beneath his guarded exterior, more questions arise, leading Ava to believe that Jesse Ward may not be the man she thinks he is. He knows too well how to take her to a place beyond ecstasy. But will he also drive her to the brink of despair? It's time for this man to confess.
Alberto Pinto : world interiors
77 habits of highly creative interior designers : insider secrets from the world's top design professionals
Karimspace : the interior design and architecture of Karim Rashid
Becoming an interior designer : a guide to careers in design
The power of style : the women who defined the art of living well
Charles Rennie Mackintosh : (1868-1928)
Terence Conran's DIY by design
Wallpaper : the ultimate guide
I'll Walk Alone
Alexa Hampton : the language of interior design
Nina Campbell's decorating secrets : easy ways to achieve the professional look
World furniture encyclopedia. Finland
Commercial space : office furniture
Couture interiors
The book lover's tale
Interior design clients : the designer's guide to building and keeping a great clientele
Professional practice for interior designers
The interior design course : principles, practices and techniques for the aspiring designer
The house in Quill Court
The interior design productivity toolbox : checklists and best practices to manage your workflow
Kem Weber : designer and architect
International interiors. 7
Designers' compact shops in Japan : a selection of 100 projects
Encyclopedia of interior design
Wallpaper
Greta Magnusson Grossman : a car and some shorts : one architect's journey from Sweden to Southern California
Terence Conran : the authorized biography
Practically perfect
Allegra Hicks : an eye for design
Texture, form, purity, detail
Marimekko : fashion and design
The stylemakers : minimalism and classic modernism 1915-1945
The world of Gloria Vanderbilt
Honeymoon : a novel
Staging space : scenic interiors and spatial experiences
Furniture for the 21st century
Perspective and sketching for designers
Design for shopping : new retail interiors
Dictionary of furniture
This man
The interior world of Tom Dixon
Beneath this man
Vintage remix : the interiors of Kishani Perera
The fashion house : inside the homes of leading designers
Appetite for design: eat me : product. packaging. art. branding. interior
International interiors 6 : [workspaces, offices & studios, shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings]. 6, Workspaces, offices & studios, shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings
Fashion designers at home : the private spaces of 21 makers of style
World design : the best in classic and contemporary furniture, fashion, graphics and more
Textile designers : at the cutting edge
Movement as concept
Italian designers at home
Foundations of interior design
This man confessed
The great Lady Decorators : the women who defined interior design, 1870-1955
Interior architecture from brief to build
Glamorous philosophy no 1 : Glamorous works 1987-2013
Ronan and Erwan Bouroullec
Uncovering treasures : approaching sustainability through renovation in interior design
The independent design guide : innovative products from the new generation
Textiles in transit : an investigation of contract textiles in airport terminals
Life and work : Malene Birger's life in pictures
Building systems for interior designers
Florence Broadhurst : her secret & extraordinary lives
Gusto : [a journey through culinary design]
Accidentism : Josef Frank
Fabric for the designed interior
The art of the interior : timeless designs by the master decorators
Hidden track : how visual culture is going places
Design Through the Senses illustrates interior and fashion designer Allegra Hicks's approach to design and luxury by appealing to the five senses of sight, sound, taste, touch and smell. Organised by season, each chapter will explore, through case studies of her interior projects, textile and fashion designs, how the senses not only influence design but every element of a chic lifestyle and personal style. Allegra's blend of antique with modern and boho chic with classicism is seen in every element of her life and all aspects of her work. Readers will be inspired by her style and aesthetic as well as her unique approach to an interiors book.
William Morris
Design masterclass : how to achieve the home of your dreams
Design HotelsTM made by originals
Rose Cumming : design inspiration
The illustrated dictionary of twentieth century designers
Retail and restaurant spaces : an international portfolio of 41 designers
Scandinavian design : furniture & architecture
Shopping architecture now
Welcome to the sensual world of This Man...Young interior designer Ava O'Shea has no idea what awaits her at the Manor. A run-of-the-mill consultation with a stodgy country gent seems likely, but what Ava finds instead is Jesse Ward - a devastatingly handsome, utterly confident, pleasure-seeking playboy who knows no boundaries. Ava doesn't want to be attracted to this man, and yet she can't control the overwhelming desire he stirs in her. She knows that her heart will never survive him and her instinct is telling her to run, but Jesse is not willing to let her go. He wants her and is determined to have her. Includes a brand-new bonus scene from Jesse's perspective.
