http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24099 Uighurs
Uighurs Uyghurs
The structure of the titles of Türk and Uigur rulers in the Old Turkic inscriptions
Pilgrimages today : based on papers read at the symposium on pilgrimages today held at Åbo, Finland, on 19-21 August 2009
Tang China and the collapse of the Uighur Empire : a documentary history
The sacred routes of Uyghur history
Stepping onto sacred ground : the mazar in Uyghur day-to-day life
On the fringes of the harmonious society : Tibetans and Uyghurs in socialist China
Modern Uyghur grammar : morphology
The Lopnor dialect of Uyghur : a descriptive analysis
Hotan : soul of desert
Central Asia phrasebook
Situating the Uyghurs between China and Central Asia
The Lopnor dialect of Uyghur : descriptive analysis
China's forgotten people : Xinjiang, terror and the Chinese state
The Turfan dialect of Uyghur
Wild West China : the taming of Xinjiang
Since 1949, Tibetans and Uyghurs generally have been perceived as the two most problematic members of the PRC's great family of peoples and been the targets of 'carrot and stick' measures designed to facilitate their integration into the PRC. In recent years, a solution to the problem of Xinjiang and the Tibet has been sought in accelerated economic development, yet this is perceived by both groups with great suspicion. Addressing this situation, the volume explores the arenas of socio-economic development and market liberalization, popular culture, urban planning and relocation, environment and ecological migration, civil society, education and language, ethno-nationalism, as well as religious policies and practices. It is especially topical at a time when fieldwork in the regions where these two minorities live remains extremely difficult and politically sensitive. --Publisher's description.
War on terror with Chinese characteristics?
Literary texts from Kashghar edited and translated with notes and glossary
Intimate heritage : creating Uyghur Muqam song in Xinjiang
De Dunhuang a Istanbul : hommage à James Russell Hamilton
Approaches to Eurasian linguistic areas
The Uighur empire (744-840) : according to the T'ang dynastic histories
The thiefless city and the contest between food and throat : four eastern Turki texts edited with translation, notes and glossary
A visit to the Sarö and Shera Yögurs
An Uyghur-English dictionary
Epistolary formulae of the old Uighur letters from the Eastern Silk Road. Part 2.
Uyghur education and social order : the role of Islamic leadership in the Turpan basin
Xinjiang and China's rise in Central Asia : a history
Folk songs from Spain Finland and China
Eurasian crossroads : a history of Xinjiang
Issues in Eurasian languages. 1, On the materials from the collection of the St. Petersburg Branch of the Institute of Oriental Studies of Russian Academy of Sciences
Down a narrow road : identity and masculinity in a Uyghur community in Xinjiang China
Human capital differences or labor market discrimination? : the occupational outcomes of ethnic minorities in rural Guizhou (China)
Xinjiang-Arbeitsbibliographie : Autonomes Gebiet Xinjiang der Uiguren, China (Naturbedingungen, Geschichte, Ethnien, Landnutzung) = Xinjiang provisional bibliography : Xinjiang Uigur Autonomous Region, China (natural conditions, history, ethnic groups, land use). 2
Phonologies of Asia and Africa : (including the Caucasus). Volume 2
The writings of Li Te-Yü as sources for the history of T'ang-Inner Asian relations
Gustaf Raquette and Qasim Akhun's letters to Kamil Efendi : ethnological and folkloristic materials from Southern Sinkiang edited and translated with explanatory notes
The Emperor far away : travels at the edge of China
A textbook of Uyghur grammar. Volume 1
The written and spoken : literacy and oral transmission among the Uyghur
Turks and Iranians : interactions in language and history : the Gunnar Jarring memorial program at the Swedish Collegium for Advanced Study
Dictionary of the Turkic languages
Shiruku Rōdo to sekaishi = World history reconsidered through the Silk Road
Realms of the Silk Roads : ancient and modern : proceedings from the Third Conference of the Australasian Society for Inner Asian Studies (A.S.I.A.S.) : Macquarie University, September 18-20, 1998
