http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24042 body hair (human or animal)
body hair (human or animal)
Collagen XVIII regulates basement membrane integrity:specific effects of its isoforms on the choroid plexus, kidney and hair follicle
Canonical Wnt signaling in hair and mammary gland patterning and development
Ecology and decay pattern of Inocutis dryophila in Quercus robur
Comparative genetics of coat colour in mammals
New insights into the biogenesis of Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG pili and the in vivo effects of pili
Eleanor's eyebrows
Pelage cycle and hair bundle structure in the young and adult ferret, Mustela putorius
Heat and moisture dissipation from cattle : measurements and simulation model
Knitting with dog hair : a woof-to-warp guide to making hats, sweaters, mittens and much more
Introduction to cosmetic formulation and technology
Preoperative skin preparation
Brow and upper eyelid surgery : multispecialty approach
The roots of neurofibromas in neurofibromatosis 1 : a question of multipotency, differentiation and hiding
Autumnal timing of photoperiodic manipulation critical via melatonin to winter pelage development in mink
Role of Eda and Troy pathways in ectodermal organ development
Hair of West-European mammals : atlas and identification key
Modelling pattern formation and pigmentation in the coat of mammals = Modellering av mønsterdannelse og pifmentering i pelsen til pattedyr
Beauty therapy : the foundations : the official guide to level 2
Physiology of pelage growth in fur animals: Winter coat
Laser hair removal
"Equine Color Genetics presents the most recent advances in color genetics for breeders of horses, donkeys, and mules. The book provides valuable information that enables breeders to tailor their breeding programs to maximize desired color outcomes and minimize undesired color. The text bridges the gap between the scientific and lay communities without ignoring the intricate and complex issues involved in horse and donkey color genetics. This new edition presents more explicit and detailed explanations than were previously possible, including a more extensive Appaloosa section. The section on donkey colors includes the results of studies in the genetic control of color in this species, which will greatly assist donkey breeders as they tailor breeding programs to their own goals." -- Publisher's description.
Kinetics of underfur hair growth in normal and melatonin-treated young mink and silver fox
The sequence of pelages in the Norwegian lemming, Lemmus lemmus (L.)
Plucked : a history of hair removal
Tumor necrosis factors and chemokines in hair development
Woolly
Conservation of leather and related materials
Morphological and molecular taxonomy of Dendrolimus sibiricus Chetverikov stat.rev. and allied lappet moths (Lepidoptera: Lasiocampidae), with description of a new species
Cosmetic applications of laser & light-based systems
Skin stem cells and tumor growth:functions of collagen XVIII in hair follicle cycling and skin cancer, and Bmx tyrosine kinase in tumor angiogenesis
Epilobium hirsutum L. is an introduced species in Finland with the first reliable findings made in the late 19th century. The number of new findings accumulated slowly during the period 1900-1929. From the 1930's onwards, the number of findings grew rapidly and E. hirsutum has been found in 153 grid squares of 10 km × 10 km size in the southern part of Finland until 2012. The first information of the species in the Åland Islands is a note in the literature from 1821 and the first collected specimen in the Åland Islands is from the municipality of Sund in 1873. However, both these are doubtful as they were not noticed in Finnish vascular plant floras later on. The first reliable finding is from 1973 and thereafter the localities with E. hirsutum increased with four more during the 1970's, eight new during the 1980's, fourteen new during the 1990's and 35 new localities during the period 2000-2013. It thrives chiefly in man-made habitats in the cultural landscape and the most common habitats in the Åland Islands seem to be roadsides and road ditches. Although E. hirsutum has expanded during the last fifty years in Åland, it is not common yet and it has not been found in most of the eastern archipelago area. As an immigrant in our flora, E. hirsutum is now well established in the Åland Islands and it will probably be more common in the future. However, it seems that it is not a harmful invasive weed in Åland..
Regulation of hematopoietic cell development and hair growth in mouse model : expression analysis of Tudor-SN and polyamines regulated proteins
A light colour mutant in the wood lemming, Myopus schisticolor (Lilljeb.)
Caulking : fibre analysis of rolls, pads and a cord made of hair
Brief report : Two species of Bibionidae (Diptera) new to the Finnish fauna
Hair : styling, culture and fashion
Epilobium hirsutum in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
A tow-stop ride : "Mikael Karvajalka's" journey into the English-speaking world
Fibres : microscopy of archaeological textiles and furs
Ageless beauty : an insider's guide to advanced alternatives to plastic surgery
Application of nanotechnology-based MRI and gene delivery in treatment of sensorineural hearing loss
Professional beauty therapy : the official guide to level 3
Color atlas and manual of microscopy for criminalists, chemists, and conservators
Pelage cycle in blue fox (Alopex lagopus): A comparison between animals born early and late in the season
Restrictions in the proliferative potential of inner ear hair cells and supporting cells
