http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24083 archives institution
archives institution
Käsikirjoitusarkiston luettelo = Catalogue of the archives of manuscripts. Jatko-osa 1, TYKL 851-1350
World directory of map collections
The Europa world of learning 2008
Turun yliopiston kansatieteen laitoksen käsikirjoitusarkiston luettelo = Catalogue of the archives of manuscripts. 1, (KTL 1-530)
The institutions of the labour movement heritage in Finland
With the Archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin Catalogue a complete catalogue of the music archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin is now available for the first time since the archive, which disappeared during World War II, was rediscovered in 1999. Since 2001 the more than 260,000 pages of music manuscripts, copies and first prints (from 17th to early 19th cent.) were revised by two musicologists which compiled an index of shelf marks and an index of composers. Thus detailed searches in the holdings of the archive (which were filmed since 2002 in severeal parts on microfiche at K. G. Saur) are possible for the first time. The Catalogue lists 9,735 works of 1,008 different composers. It provides also a concordance signature - microfiche and therefore serves as a cumulated guide to the microfiche editions, all the more the registers have been revised and improved. The unique collection is introduced by a number of articles by musicologists Axel Fischer, Christoph Henzel, Klaus Hortschansky, Matthias Kornemann, Ulrich Leisinger, Mary Oleskiewicz, Ralph-J. Reipsch, and Tobias Schwinger.
The world of learning
Sources in British political history 1900-1951. 1, A guide to the archives of selected organisations and societies
The Archives of Kiswahili language and folklore
Chancery equity records and proceedings 1600-1800 : a guide to documents in the Public Record Office
Computerization of the Archivo General de Indias : strategies and results
World guide to library, archive and information science education
Käsikirjoitusarkiston luettelo = Catalogue of the Archives of Manuscripts. 2, (TYKL 1-850)
The morphology archives
Folklore research at the Institute of Lithuanian Literature and Folklore in Vilnius, Lithuania
The World of learning
The Bauhaus Collection / [texts: Magdalena Droste, Peter Hahn, Karsten Hintz ... [et al.]
Kuvia kuvista : taideteosten valokuvaamisesta = Pictures of pictures : photographing works of art / [toimittaja = editor Ulla Vihanta ; lay-out Marjatta Levanto ; valokuvat = photographs Hannu Aaltonen, Petter Martiskainen, Sakari Viika, Jukka Romu, Kuvataiteen keskusarkisto]
Strategy of the National Archives Service of Finland 2015
American state archives
International evaluation of the national archives service of Finland
The Archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin : catalogue = Das Archiv der Sing-Akademie zu Berlin : Katalog
The Europa world of learning. 2011, Vol. 1, Introductory essays, international organizations, Afghanistan-Myanmar
The Europa world of learning. 2011. Vol. 2, Namibia-Zimbabwe, index
Coming to terms with a dark past : how post-conflict societies deal with history
