http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24019 elderly-care workers
elderly-care workers eldercare workers
International Social Work Practice compares and contrasts divergent social work approaches in countries around the world, providing students with a unique perspective on social work as it is actually practised. Using case studies from frontline practitioners from across the globe, this innovative new textbook stimulates critical thinking about international social work practice issues. Providing a review of both country-specific social work practices and universal social work issues, the text looks at a variety of core social work topics, framed here in terms of CSWE competencies. Set within a theoretical framework presented in the introductory chapter, the subjects covered include: child welfare intimate partner violence family conflict and communication elder care substance abuse trauma. Each chapter presents several case studies exploring range of issues within the broader topic and each case study is commented on by two narratives from social work academics and practitioners from different countries, providing different cultural perspectives. Taking a practical hands-on approach, this text includes a dedicated section for classroom use, with discussion questions, classroom exercises and additional cases for your own analysis.
Ageing in OECD countries : a critical policy challenge
Development and validation of a drug-related problem risk assessment tool for use by practical nurses working with community-dwelling aged
Lifestyle factors and ischemic cerebral infraction among people aged <=60 years
Designing wellbeing in elderly care homes
The government agenda on Personalisation and self-directed support is fast-moving and rapidly changing. It is vital therefore that students and practitioners alike are aware of the key issues and debates, as well as the policy that surrounds this area of practice. This timely and fully revised second edition provides an overview of the personalisation agenda and looks at the recent legislation in a broad historical and theoretical perspective. This approach will provide opportunities for students to consider the changes to the social work role and to evaluate the impact of this for service users and as practitioners.
Can we afford to grow older? : a perspective on the economics of aging
Europe's ageing population : trends and challenges to 2025
Early retirement and citizenship : a comparison of the social, political and economic integration and marginalisation among the ageing
Using enviroments to enable occupational performance
Work among the elderly ICCEF 2011 : thirteenth International ICCEF Conference on Combined Actions and Combined Effects of Environmental Factors in Tampere, Finland, 11 -14 September 2011 : book of abstracts
These papers study the position of women in two ageing societies - Japan and Finland. The focus on women is seen as an essential indicator which helps analyze the nature of social change in Finnish and Japanese societies. Topics covered include housing policy, retirement, and social security.
Self-reported depressive symptoms and antisocial behaviour in middle adolescence
Abstract: Art as a tool of psychosocial work.
Gerontological practice for the twenty-first century : a social work perspective
Work among the elderly
The haunt of misery : critical essays in social work and helping
Promotion of health through ergonomic working and living conditions : outcomes and methods of research and practice : proceedings of NES 2001
Balancing work and caregiving for children, adults, and elders
Internal market : current status 1 July 1994. Vol. 6, Community social policy
Frontline workers in assisted living
Coordinating eldercare in the community : care management as a mode to implement welfare mix in Japan
Ageing, health and pensions in Europe : an economic and social policy perspective
Summary in Finnish.
Ageing at work : the European perspective
Book of abstracts : Work among the Elderly ICCEF 2011 : thirteenth International ICCEF Conference on Combined Actions and Combined Effects of Environmental Factors in Tampere, Finland, 11-14 September 2011
Juggling work and care : the experiences of working carers of older adults
Abstract: Work organization and well-being of employees in social- and health care services : the case of elderly home care.
English summary: Helping people : multioperation in nursing.
Social work with older adults
Executive summary (s. 7-9).
Information and communication technologies for active ageing : opportunities and challenges for the European Union
Improving geriatric psychiatry services in primary care : a study of multiprofessional training interventions
International social work practice : case studies from a global context
Knowledge creation in elderly care : case: the municipal elderly care of Espoo
The other Mrs Walker
Ageing and the labor market in Japan : problems and policies
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
Experience, skill and competitiveness : the implications of an ageing population for the workplace
Summary.
The practice of graduate research in hospitality and tourism
"From experience to innovation" : proceedings of the 13th Triennial Congress of the International Ergonomics Association, June 29 - July 4, 1997 Tampere, Finland. Volume 5, Human-computer interaction, stress and mental load, aging, occupational health
Aging and spirituality : spiritual dimensions of aging theory, research, practice, and policy
Physical capacity and workload among ageing workers
The aged and their new ways of life
Women, the elderly and social policy in Finland and Japan : the muse or the worker bee?
Early retirement and use of time by older Finns
The relationships between work stressors and organizational performance in long-term care for elderly residents
Ageing at work : proceedings of a European colloquium, Paris 12 June 1991
Designing for an aging population : ten years of human factors/ergonomics research
In a freezing, desolate Edinburgh flat, an old woman takes her last breath surrounded by the few objects she has accrued over a lifetime: an emerald dress, a brazil nut engraved with the Ten Commandments - and six orange pips sucked dry. Meanwhile, guided by the flip of a coin, Margaret Penny arrives back at her old family home, escaping a life in London recently turned to ash. Faced with relying on a resentful mother she has never really known, Margaret soon finds herself employed by the Office for Lost People, tasked with finding the families of the dead: the neglected, the abandoned, the lost. Her instructions are to uncover paperwork, yet the only thing Mrs Walker, the old woman in her current case, left behind is a series of peculiar objects. But in the end it is these objects that will unravel Mrs Walker's real story: a story rooted in London grime and moving from the 1930s to the present day, a story of children abandoned and lost, of beguiling sisters and misplaced mothers, of deception and thievery, family secrets and the very deepest of betrayals; in which the extraordinary circular nature of life will glitter from the page. For in uncovering the astonishing tale of an old woman who died alone, Margaret will finally discover her own story, too.
Nursing for wellness in older adults : theory and practice
Reforms for an ageing society
Gerontological social work supervision
Death in Sunset Grove
Labour force behaviour of elderly two adult households : evidence from EU-countries
Matters differ : comparative studies in social work and social policy
Social work : theory and practice for a changing profession
Social work with adults
Health and social service use among older people : the last two years of life
Physical dimensions of aging
Personalisation in social work
Work ability as a characteristic of an organization : a study of work-related well-being and organizational change in the institutionalized care of the elderly : a research plan
Cultivating agency in home care : transforming the paradigms for interaction between home care and their elderly clients
