http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24052 social employment
social employment
Future work : jobs, self-employment and leisure after the industrial age : James Robertson
Social firms in Europe : some practical aspects
Perspectives on empowerment : report on Employment Integra thematic work project
Abstract: Promoting social entrepreneurship.
Carrying out Corporate Social Initiative Actions : Case: VATES Foundation and Helsinki Cooperative Society Elanto (HOK-Elanto)
Taxes, nudges, and conformity : essays in labor and behavioral economics
Immigrants as entrepreneurs : experiences of multicultural co-operatives
Decent work : promising practices in the employment of people with disabilities from Sweden, Denmark, Estonia, and Finland
Supported path to employment : social entrepreneurshop is a resource
Social and occupational integration of disadvantaged people
Citizenship in Nordic welfare states : dynamics of choice, duties and participation in a changing Europe
Investing in people : EU funding for employment and social inclusion
Social enterprises as labour market measure
Finland's report on the implementation of the outcome of the world summit for social development
SIPS conference book : SIPS transnational partnership
Acting locally for employment : findings of the preparatory measures for a local commitment to employment : 2001
Do Payroll Tax Cuts Raise Youth Employment? We study whether payroll tax reductions are an effective means to raise youth employment. In 2007, the Swedish employer-paid payroll tax was cut on a large scale for young workers, substantially reducing labor costs for this group. Using the variation in payroll taxes across cohorts, we estimate a significant, but small, impact both on employment and on wages. Effects of Taxes on Youth Self-Employment and Income. I examine the link between taxes and youth self-employment. I make use of a Swedish reform that made the payroll tax and the self-employment tax vary by age. The results suggest that youth self-employment is insensitive to tax reductions, both in the short run and in the somewhat longer run. For those defined as self-employed, I find positive effects on income from self-employment, and negative effects on income from wage employment. Can Indifference Make the World Greener? We conducted a natural field experiment at a large university in Sweden to evaluate the effects of two resource conservation programs. The first intervention consisted of a campaign that actively tried to convince people to cut back on printing in general, and to use double-sided printing whenever possible. The second intervention exploited people's tendency to stick with pre-set alternatives. At random points in time we changed the printers’ default settings, from single-sided to double-sided printing. Whereas the moral appeal had no impact, the default change cut paper use by 15 percent. The Origins of Behavioral Contagion: Evidence from a Field Experiment on Facebook. We explore the micro-level foundations of behavioral contagion by running a natural field experiment on the networking site Facebook. Members of Facebook express positive support to content on the website by clicking a Like button. We show that users are more prone to support content if someone else has done so before.
Social firms - new jobs for the disabled = Sosiaaliset yritykset - uusia työpaikkoja vammaisille
Entrepreneurship in the region
Activation policies and the protection of individual rights : a critical assessment of the situation in Denmark, Finland and Sweden
This Bachelor's thesis focuses on ways in which organisations work together to achieve desired goals that benefit people with disabilities and the wider community. The purpose is to analyse corporate social responsibility CSR initiatives, such as the employment of people with disabilities and other disadvantaged groups, and their impact. The target organisations of the case study were VATES Foundation and Helsinki Co-operative Society Elanto, Finnish organisations with headquarters in Helsinki. The purpose of the VATES Foundation is to promote employment for disabled people and the aim of the organisation is to try to get more employment for people with disabilities within Finland. Helsinki Cooperative Society Elanto provides for example grocery and restaurant services for the residents of the Greater Helsinki in Finland. The aim of the thesis is to understand exactly how CSR initiatives are carried out, both from the VATES Foundation's and Helsinki Cooperative Society Elanto's perspective. The aim is to provide a wider overview of CSR Initiatives and offer suggestions and improvement ideas these practices. The focus is also on the benefits of creating alliances between organisations or firms for these purposes. The theoretical framework of the thesis covers wide aspects of the basic CSR concepts and theories, such as the central definitions, concepts, CSR at workplace, sustainability, reasons for CSR engagement, standards and their measurement, and stakeholder relations. The results revealed that both VATES Foundation and Helsinki Cooperative Society Elanto have taken positive steps since the beginning of the 1990's towards corporate social initiatives, towards employment for people with disabilities and other disadvantaged groups. The top management commitment and efficient communications and resources allocations have enhanced positive contribution towards the needs of the community around them, the needs of their nation and the needs of the community in the wider world.
Pieces of the big picture : exploring employment of rehabilitees with European partners
Social enterprise : at the crossroads of market, public policies and civil society
Carrying out corporate social initiative actions : VATES Foundation and Helsinki Cooperative Society Elanto (HOK-Elanto)
English booster for engineering students
The disabling state of an active society
The third sector in Finland : review to research of the Finnish thrid sector
The right to decent work of persons with disabilities
Social justice : strategies for national renewal : the report of the Commission on Social Justice
To support the employment of a rehabilitee
