http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24013 commuting
commuting
How sustainable biofuel business really is? : Today's issues on biofuel production
Climate change adaption and mitigation in the tourism sector : frameworks, tools and practices
Hazard mitigation in emergency management
The book provides a detailed analysis of the development of adaptive governance in Russia and Finland. It presents a case study from the Sakha Republic in Russia that focuses on community's participation in the process of governing of the flood events in the Tatta River area. Local adaptive practices are analyzed in relation to federal and regional responses that may mandate, encourage or collide with community's agency. A second case study is centered on the Finnish community of Kuttura, Ivalo. It explores the mounting challenges presented by changing environmental conditions to traditional reindeer herding, as well as the efforts made to cope with these new factors. Combining anthropological research and political science, this penetrating work offers revealing scrutiny of governmental responses to one of the most urgent issues facing both politicians and the citizens who live in their domains.
Is the use of forest berries for poverty mitigation a relevant issue in an affluent society such as Finland?
Other-repair sequences on Internet Relay Chat : a study of preference for self-repair in digital discource
"Implementing grassland management practices that increase carbon uptake by increasing productivity or reducing carbon losses (e.g. through high rates of offtake) can lead to net accumulation of carbon in grassland soils - sequestering atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO2). Globally, the potential to sequester carbon by improving grassland practices or rehabilitating degraded grasslands is substantial - of the same order as that of agricultural and forestry sequestration. Because practices that sequester carbon in grasslands often enhance productivity, policies designed to encourage carbon sequestering grassland management practices could lead to near-term dividends in greater forage production and enhanced producer income. Practices that sequester carbon in grasslands also tend to enhance resilience in the face of climate variability, and are thus likely to enhance longer-term adaptation to changing climates. Developing policies to encourage the adoption of practices that sequester carbon has several significant challenges, such as demonstrating additionality, addressing the potential for losses of sequestered carbon, and engaging smallholders and pastoralists with uncertain land tenure. In addition, the paucity of data in developing countries hampers the measurement, monitoring and verifying of carbon sequestration in response to those practices. This report reviews the current status of opportunities and challenges for grassland carbon sequestration. Based on these observations, the report then identifies components that could foster the inclusion of grasslands in a post-2012 climate agreement, and the development of policies to improve grassland management."--Executive summary.
Governing the uncertain : adaptation and climate in Russia and Finland
Climate change and agriculture : impacts, adaptation and mitigation
Grassland carbon sequestration : management, policy and economics : proceedings of the Workshop on the Role of Grassland Carbon Sequestration in Mitigation of Climate Change, Rome, April 2009
Climate change mitigation finance for smallholder agriculture : a guide book to harvesting soil carbon sequestration benefits
Remorse, penal theory and sentencing
Carbon sinks in mitigating climate change : evaluation with models of varying scope
What woodfuels can do to mitigate climate change
Hedging is an essential part of everyday communication. It is a discourse strategy which is used to reduce commitment to the force or truth of an utterance to achieve an appropriate pragmatic effect. This title provides an overview of research on the topic by bringing together studies from a variety of fields.
New approaches to hedging
Challenges and opportunities for carbon sequestration in grassland systems : a technical report on grassland management and climate mitigation
