http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24180 site-specific art
site-specific art
Runoteltta = The Poem tent
The ambit of performativity : how site makes meaning in site-specific performance
The [un]common place : art, public space and urban aesthetics in Europe
The one and the many : contemporary collaborative art in a global context
Of what one cannot speak : Doris Salcedo's political art
Olafur Eliasson: Boros collection
Cool : applied visual arts in the North
Art and survival : Patricia Johanson's environmental projects
Art and survival : creative solutions to environmental problems
Exploring site-specific art : issues of space and internationalism
Destination art
Contemporary sculpture : projects in Münster 1997
Spectacular place : public space, storytelling and critical design
Anti - Contemporary Art Festival
Mike Nelson : a psychic vacuum
The song of the earth : Elisabeth Ballet, George Brecht, Candice Breitz, Daniel Buren, Choi Jeong-Hwa, Chung Seo-Young, Brenda L. Croft ..
Walkabout : a journey through space and time inside the white cube
Aesthetics of installation art
Stickwork
Moving sites : investigating site-specific dance performance
On the style site : art, sociality, and media culture
Pixels and places : video art in public space
Eco-aesthetics : art, literature and architecture in a period of climate change
Constructing place
Mapping the Body, Embodying the Map: A corporeal taxonomy into a topographical transformation at the  border of Nicosia is a project realized along and across the buffer zone within the Venetian walls of Nicosia, the  capital city of Cyprus.  The focus of this project is the area that divides the city into two parts and it has been mentioned as buffer zone,  green line, borderline, dividing line, dead zone and many more. This restricted area has activated not only  physical barriers for people but also caused emotional and mental restrain.  The motivation is my wish to reveal the significance of this area and uncover the impact it creates on the body:  physical, mental and emotional. Also my intention is to deform and reconstruct the psychophysical perceptions of  the dividing line through artistic means.  The approach and method of working consists of artistic research, and a practical and theoretical framework. I  have used live performance as my creative technique to realize a series of site-specific performance interventions  along and across the Nicosia buffer zone in order to generate knowledge about that area, examined in my research.  In addition, the written part of this project includes a description and analysis of my artistic work at the border,  supported with theories focusing mainly on José Esteban Muñoz's work, “Disidentifications” (1999) and Sarah  Pink's “Doing Sensory Ethnography” (2009).  This thesis project questions: How the conventional idea of the border and its solidified historicity can be  transformed to a new perception through performing, while bringing a psychophysical transformation to this  experience? To come to an answer, the body is used as a tool to create live actions and the Nicosia border is used  as a site to be experienced through non covnentional ways. Finally, the outcome is an experiential mapping, which  is shaped while the body is used to measure, archive, experience and re-experience, and therefore memorize the  border anew.
"This book is a follow-up to our steady seller Natural Architecture. Presenting all new work by twenty artists not featured in the first volume as well as new projects by a selection of artists discussed in the first edition, Natural Architecture Now will showcase extraordinary spaces and exceptional structures created using natural materials and manual labor. The works make direct reference to the world of nature in terms of their location, the materials used, and a minimum application of non-artisan techniques. These are beautiful structures that use the resources of place, the specific characteristics of the site, growth processes, and spontaneous and accidental phenomena to investigate our feelings about nature, while addressing ecology, landscape, and environment as belonging to art"--
Choreographic Dwellings: Practising Place extends the notion of the choreographic by highlighting the experiential condition of contemporary performance projects which enact place as action. It describes the kinaesthetic as a topological condition of choreographic dwelling where body-environment interactions produce platial efforts through their physical enactment of place place. The book simultaneously challenges and embraces discussions of embodiment from philosophy, geography and psychology, shifting the attention from the dancer, dance and dancing to that of the dynamic architectures of affect, agency and affordance. This paradigmatic shift in thinking the choreographic is brought to life in this collection with writings from artist-scholars and movement practitioners from dance, music, performance, urban studies, circus, interaction design and Parkour.
Site-specificity : the ethnographic turn
Many faces of Mao Zedong
From here and now to the making of art
Even for a day
Choreographic dwellings : practising place
As Eve said to the serpent : on landscape, gender, and art
Performance and place
Peter Fischli, David Weiss : rock on top of another rock
The distant sound
The future show
Stuart Wrede : projects 1969-2007
Site-writing : the architecture of art criticism
In the summer and fall of 2009 a group of New Mexico arts organizations joined together to present LAND/ART, a large-scale collaboration, which explored the relationship between land, art, and community through exhibitions, site-specificart works, lectures, and performances. Focusing on "environmental" or "Land" art, the collaboration addressed our changing relationship to nature, and to offer a new or previously unconsidered understanding of the places in which we live. This book is the culmination and documentation of this six-month, and features the work of over forty artists including Michael Berman, Erika Blumenfeld, David Taylor, Basia Irland, Patrick Dougherty, Catalina Delgado Trunk, and Shelley Niro.
Relate North : engagement, art and representation. 2014, Review on Arctic sustainable art and design
Environmental and site-specific theatre
Modalities of place : on polarisation end exclusion in concepts of place and in site-specific art
Mapping the body, embodying the map : a corporeal  taxonomy into a topographical transformation at the  border of Nicosia
Reading contemporary performance : theatricality across genres
Iglu, kimono & temppeli : savi kaupungissa = Keramik i stan = Clay in the city
LAND/ART : New Mexico
Art & place : site-specific art of the Americas
Art and architecture : a place between
Places with a past : New site-specific art at Charleston's Spoleto Festival
Turku 2011 - tieteen kulttuuripääkaupunki = Turku 2011 - the capital of science and culture
Natural architecture now : new projects from outside the boundaries of design
Performing site-specific theatre : politics, place, practice
A documentary look at the artist as she prepares pieces for an eight-room installation at the Fondazione Querini          Stampalia in Venice, Italy, to open contemporaneously with the 2005 Venice Biennale.
Public intentions : the potentiality of action in the use of streets as venue for artistic interventions into the political debate of everyday life
The Future Show is a piece that tells the story of Deborah's future, starting from the end of the performance and going until the end of her life, that is consistently re-written to be both site and time specific. It is a Sisyphean task of a show, examining the mundane, the uncertain, and the fragility of our futures. The Future Show toured internationally for two years, with a new script written for every iteration. It has been performed in the USA, Canada, Belgium, Portugal, Poland, Ireland and throughout the UK. With an Introduction by Tim Etchells.
ANTI - contemporary art festival : Kuopio - Finland 25.-30.9.2012
Imagining other worlds
Kiki Smith : squatting the palace
Adrián Villar Rojas : today we reboot the planet
White cube, green maze : new art landscapes
Includes abstracts of articles.
What does public mean? : art as a participant in the public arena
Sentiments of fidelity : production of subjectivity, trust and neoliberal capitalism
As the nature of contemporary performance continues to expand into new forms, genres and media, it requires an increasingly diverse vocabulary. Reading Contemporary Performance provides students, critics and creators with a rich understanding of the key terms and ideas that are central to any discussion of this evolving theatricality. Specially commissioned entries from a wealth of contributors map out the many and varied ways of discussing performance in all of its forms - from theatrical and site-specific performances to live and New Media art. The book is divided into two sections: Concepts - Key terms and ideas arranged according to the five characteristic elements of performance art: time; space; action; performer; audience. Methodologies and Turning Points - The seminal theories and ways of reading performance, such as postmodernism, epic theatre, feminisms, happenings and animal studies. Case Studies – entries in both sections are accompanied by short studies of specific performances and events, demonstrating creative examples of the ideas and issues in question. Three different introductory essays provide multiple entry points into the discussion of contemporary performance, and cross-references for each entry also allow the plotting of one's own pathway. Reading Contemporary Performance is an invaluable guide, providing not just a solid set of familiarities, but an exploration and contextualisation of this broad and vital field.
Moving Sites explores site-specific dance practice through a combination of analytical essays and practitioner accounts of their working processes. In offering this joint effort of theory and practice, it aims to provide dance academics, students and practitioners with a series of discussions that shed light both on approaches to making this type of dance practice, and evaluating and reflecting on it. The edited volume combines critical thinking from a range of perspectives including commentary and observation from the fields of dance studies, human geography and spatial theory in order to present interdisciplinary discourse and a range of critical and practice-led lenses through which this type of work can be considered and explored. In so doing, this book addresses the following questions: How do choreographers make site-specific dance performance? What occurs when a moving body engages with site, place and environment? How might we interpret, analyse and evaluate this type of dance practice through a range of theoretical lenses? How can this type of practice inform wider discussions of embodiment, site, space, place and environment? This innovative and exciting book seeks to move beyond description and discussion of site-specific dance as a spectacle or novelty and considers site-dance as a valid and vital form of contemporary dance practice that explores, reflects, disrupts, contests and develops understandings and practices of inhabiting and engaging with a range of sites and environments.
Olafur Eliasson : surroundings surrounded : essays on space and science
Michael Asher doesn't make typical installations. Instead, he extracts his art from the institutions in which it is shown, culling it from collections, histories, or museums' own walls. Since the late 1960s, Asher has been creating situations that have not only taught us about the conditions and contexts of contemporary art, but have worked to define it. In Situation Aesthetics, Kirsi Peltomaki examines Asher's practice by analyzing the social situations that the artist constructs in his work for viewers, participants, and institutional representatives (including gallery directors, curators, and other museum staff members). Drawing on art criticism, the reports of viewers and participants in Asher's projects, and the artist's own archives, Peltomaki offers a comprehensive account of Asher's work over the past four decades. Because of the intensely site-specific nature of Asher's work, as well as the artist's refusal to reconstruct past works or mount retrospectives, many of the projects Peltomaki discusses are described here for the first time. Asher's work has commonly been associated with minimalism, conceptual art, and, most frequently, institutional critique. Peltomaki takes a different perspective, focusing on the work's social dimension. Because Asher's installations typically address the given context--the situation--of their exhibition directly and exclusively, they cease to exist after the exhibitions end, leaving behind few material traces. By emphasizing the social and psychological sites of art rather than the production of autonomous art objects, Peltomaki argues, Asher constructs experientially complex situations that profoundly affect those who encounter them, bringing about both personal and institutional transformation.
Gordon Matta-Clark : Conical intersect
Laura Buckley : Shields, 2012 : Zabludowicz Collection, Sarvisalo
#0000FF is the new #000000 : conceptual and site-specific mixed reality media art exhibition project
Markku Hakuri ystävineen esittää : reikä avaruudessa = Markku Hakuri and friends present : hole in the universe
Diving in and stepping back : exploring the object in environmental art
eSense of connection
Kate Whiteford : land drawings / installations / excavations
Place or space
In 2013, the Serpentine Gallery in London presents Fischli & Weiss' first public sculpture in the United Kingdom, "Rock on Top of another Rock," installed in Hyde Park, near the Gallery. This work was undertaken in tandem with the duo's monumental rock project in Valdresflya, Norway, which was unveiled in the fall of 2012. The latter project was part of a nationwide effort by the National Tourist Routes in Norway, for which internationally renowned artists and architects have been invited to create works that dialogue with the Norwegian landscape, for each of the 18 roads spanning the country. Published to accompany this dual venture, this catalogue features essays by Patrick Frey, John Kelsey and Pernille Albrethsen as well as historical texts selected by the artists.---
5 - the dish
Site-specific art : performance, place and dokumentation
Michael Lin : Palais de Tokyo 21.1.200221.12.2002
Moving image
A story of 100 feeders
Sculpture projects Muenster 07
Anti : contemporary art festival : antiversary times : remake, rebuild, renew : Kuopio, 27.9. - 2.10.2011 / toimitus = editors Johanna Tuukkanen ... [et al.]
Situation aesthetics : the work of Michael Asher
By moving beyond traditional aesthetic categories (beauty, the sublime, the religious), Eco-Aesthetics takes an inter-disciplinary approach bridging the arts, humanities and social sciences and explores what aesthetics might mean in the 21st century. It is one in a series of new, radical aesthetics promoting debate, confronting convention and formulating alternative ways of thinking about art practice. There is no doubt that the social and environmental spheres are interconnected but can art and artists really make a difference to the global environmental crisis? Can art practice meaningfully contribute to the development of sustainable lifestyles? Malcolm Miles explores the strands of eco-art, eco-aesthetics and contemporary aesthetic theories, offering timely critiques of consumerism and globalisation and, ultimately, offers a possible formulation of an engaged eco-aesthetic for the early 21st century.
Viva la revolución : a dialogue with the urban landscape; organized by the Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego, published in association with Gingko Press
Northern world mandate : Helsinki - Espoo
