http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2417 fate
fate destiny
Stars of fortune
Dare you to
The hunted
The battle for the lost amulet
The scorched earth
Realism and fate in Stephen King's early fiction
Sixteen-year-old Princess Talia persuades seventeen-year-old Jack, the modern-day American who kissed her awake after a 300-year sleep, to take her to his Miami home, where she hopes to win his love before the witch who cursed her can spirit her away.
Heartless
Children of fire
Hardship
The house of secrets
Himmler's cook
Lost in the Black Forest, Otto meets three mysterious sisters and finds himself entwined in a prophecy, a promise, and a harmonica--and decades later three children, Friedrich in Germany, Mike in Pennsylvania, and Ivy in California find themselves caught up in the same thread of destiny in the darkest days of the twentieth century, struggling to keep their families intact, and tied together by the music of the same harmonica / WorldCat.
Wake of vultures
The wheel of Osheim
Dice of the gods : causality, necessity and chance
Night embrace
Summer knight : a novel of the Dresden files
When a dangerous necromancer threatens to unleash a long-buried evil, Lirael and Prince Sameth are drawn into a battle to save the Old Kingdom and reveal their true destinies
The complete zero line chronicles : incite, feed, reap
Thirteen-year-old Kenya's life is about to change forever! Caring Kenya lives with her cantankerous mother and grumpy stepfather, unaware of the incredible destiny that awaits her. As a Child of Gabriel, she is one of the guardians of an ancient amulet whose fate will determine the future of her planet.  When the world was young, a mighty conflict raged between Kenya's people, the peace-loving land dwellers, and terrifying beasts of the underworld. The land dweller guardians ended the war by shattering a magic amulet that could give the beasts power to rule. But now, the long-forgotten underworld has grown in strength. It seeks to reunite the amulet's shattered shards and conquer the world...  Can Kenya and her friend Amit find the amulet pieces and save their planet?
Elisa, a fugitive in her own kingdom, faces great challenges to rescue the man she loves from her enemies, prevent a civil war, and take back her throne but as her magic grows, Elisa discovers the shocking truth about her enemy's ultimate goal.
Calling out for you
Beyond the veil of tears
The towers Of Samarcand
The Shadowmagic trilogy
A cavern of black ice
Something deadly this way comes : a novel
The goddess and the thief
Whatever happened to Billy Parks?
The towers of Samarcand
The modern guide to witchcraft : your complete guide to witches, covens, & spells
After the last dance
The lost prince
Deathless
Prince of fools
The shadow of the wind : a novel
The girl by the river
The perilous sea
The shadow prince
A tangle of knots
The star-touched queen
Fated
The strange maid
The eye of the world
The lost sun
Reawakened
About Grace
Wizard's first rule
A soldier's duty
The Melting Sea
Minion : a vampire huntress legend
The Calling
The liar's key
We are called to rise
Night play
River of the lost bears
Foretold : 14 stories of prophecy and prediction
"To celebrate the rise of their new queen, three goddesses of the moon created three stars, one of fire, one of ice, one of water. But then they fell from the sky, putting the fate of all worlds in danger. And now three women and three men join forces to pick up the pieces... Sasha Riggs is a reclusive artist, haunted by dreams and nightmares that she turns into extraordinary paintings. Her visions lead her to the Greek island of Corfu, where five others have been lured to seek the fire star. Sasha recognizes them, because she has drawn them: a loner. All on a quest. All with secrets. Sasha is the one who holds them together the seer. And in the magician, Bran Killian, she sees a man of immense power and compassion. As Sasha struggles with her rare ability, Bran is there to support her, challenge her, and believe in her. But Sasha and Bran are just two of the six. And they all must work together as a team to find the fire star in a cradle of land beneath the sea. Over their every attempt at trust, unity, and love, a dark threat looms. And it seeks to corrupt everything that stands in its way of possessing the stars."Provided by publisher.
Ico : castle in the mist
Set in an alternate version of St. Petersburg in the first half of the twentieth century, Marya Morevna, a clever child of the revolution, is transformed into the beautiful bride of Koschei the Deathless, a menacing overlord
The coincidence authority
The lost king of France : the tragic story of Marie-Antoinette's favourite son
The foretelling
The sentinel mage
Stone of tears
Before, during, after : a novel
The future for curious people
Gods and warriors
Pushing the limits
Siege and storm
The melting sea
Following the thrilling and critically acclaimed Wake of Vultures comes the next spellbinding novel in the Shadow series - a tale of the supernatural world hiding beneath the surface. Nettie Lonesome jumped off a cliff, not knowing what she'd become. She's still not sure, but the destiny of the Shadow is calling her to help someone she'd just as soon watch die. Her new sidekick, an annoying shifter named Earl, is hellbent on finding the Rangers. He's just escaped a railroad camp where monsters are held captive, their very bones used to fuel the tracks scarring Nettie's wild, beloved Durango. And he wants revenge. Nettie, now facing the truth of her own identity and going by Rhett, must decide whether to side with her friends and the badge on her chest or take off alone on the dangerous mission pulling her inexplicably toward the fight of her life. When it comes to monsters and men, the world isn't black and white. What good are two wings and a gun when your enemy can command a conspiracy of ravens?
A prayer for Owen Meany
Once dead, twice shy : a novel
They call her "Amber the Untouched" throughout the Disputed Lands -- a chaste, golden-haired beauty who fears the remarkable love that was prophesied at her birth ... and the death that must inevitably follow. Now Duncan has come to her in darkness, as was foretold -- a wounded warrior with no memory, seared by passion's fire and irresistibly drawn to the innocent enchantress who divines truth with a touch. Their romance is legend in a time of war. But when Duncan's memory returns, he sees Amber as his enemy. Still, he cannot forsake the lover who healed his body and heart. And he will defy to the death the dread forces that have proclaimed their love.
Mirror sword and shadow prince
The Godborn
Toklo, Kallik, Lusa, and Yakone trek onward toward the Melting Sea, the site of Kallik's traumatic cubhood--and prepare to be separated for the first time since their journey began
City of ashes
Primeval : an Event Group adventure
The iron queen
The goddess chronicle
Island of shadows
Just in case
The wooden sea
The burning shadow
On the last island on Erthe, Chosen Ones are destined to enter Ariadnis on the day they turn eighteen. There, they must undertake a mysterious and deadly challenge. For Joomia and Aula, this means competing against each other, to end the war that has seethed between their cities for nine generations. As the day draws nearer, all thoughts are on the trial ahead. There's no space for friendship. No time for love. However much the girls might crave them.
Chaos unleashed
The Flame In The Mist
Early to death, early to rise : a novel
Dragon sword and wind child
Under heaven
Four unlikely champions, each touched with Chaos magic at birth, are all that can stop the return of Daemron the Slayer, a hero who became a god-and then a demon. Exiled by the Old Gods, Daemron has long plotted his vengeful return. Now that moment is at hand, as the barrier imprisoning him-the Legacy-crumbles.
The walls of Byzantium
Summer knight
Treated with scorn and fear in her father's kingdom because of a formidable horoscope, 16-year-old Maya commits herself to her education only to land in an arranged marriage that culminates in her sudden elevation to the throne, a situation that is threatened by dark secrets and Otherworldly magic.
Forest of wolves
The end of days
Misguided angel : A blue bloods novel
The valley of amazement
When seventeen-year-old Lilliana Young enters the Metropolitan Museum of Art one morning during spring break, the last thing she expects to find is a live Egyptian prince with godlike powers, who has been reawakened after a thousand years of mummification. And she really can't imagine being chosen to aid him in an epic quest that will lead them across the globe. But fate has taken hold of Lily, and she, along with her sun prince, Amon, must travel to the Valley of the Kings, raise his brothers, and stop an evil, shape-shifting god named Seth from taking over the world.
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
The story of Kullervo
The bitter kingdom
L.A.Banks' vampire huntress. Volume one : Dawn and darkness
The eternity key
Point of retreat : a novel
Shadow and bone
Point of retreat
Shadow spell
Conspiracy of ravens
Catherine may be one of the most desired girls in Wonderland and a favorite of the unmarried King, but her interests lie elsewhere. A talented baker, she wants to open a shop and create delectable pastries. But for her mother, such a goal is unthinkable for a woman who could be a queen.  At a royal ball where Cath is expected to receive the King’s marriage proposal, she meets handsome and mysterious Jest. For the first time, she feels the pull of true attraction. At the risk of offending the King and infuriating her parents, she and Jest enter into a secret courtship.  Cath is determined to choose her own destiny. But in a land thriving with magic, madness, and monsters, fate has other plans.
Spellbound : a Hex Hall novel
Minion
Children of the jacaranda tree
A officer's duty
Claire of the sea light
