http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24137 problem use
problem use
As the daughter of a drug dealer, Wavy knows not to trust people, not even her own parents. It's safer to keep her mouth shut and stay out of sight. Struggling to raise her little brother, Donal, eight-year-old Wavy is the only responsible adult around. Obsessed with the constellations, she finds peace in the starry night sky above the fields behind her house, until one night her star gazing causes an accident. After witnessing his motorcycle wreck, she forms an unusual friendship with one of her father's thugs, Kellen, a tattooed ex-con with a heart of gold. By the time Wavy is a teenager, her relationship with Kellen is the only tender thing in a brutal world of addicts and debauchery. When tragedy rips Wavy's family apart, a well-meaning aunt steps in, and what is beautiful to Wavy looks ugly under the scrutiny of the outside world. Kellen may not be innocent, but he is the fixed point in Wavy and Donal's chaotic universe. Instead of playing it safe, Wavy has to learn to fight for Kellen, for her brother, and for herself.
Elizabeth Ettorre offers a clear account of women and substance use in a field which has been resistant to a woman-oriented perspective. The authors of most "addiction studies" view women as stigmatized and marginalized. Ettorre strongly counters this perspective. She focuses specifically on women's use of alcohol, prescribed drugs (specifically minor tranquilizers), heroin, tobacco, and food. Using the term "substance use" rather than "abuse" throughout the text, she directly challenges ideas regarding women in the field of addiction. More significantly. Ettorre deliberately puts forward a feminist perspective rooted in the identity and consciousness of women substance users. In order to expose the major misconception held by both clinicians and researchers in the field - that women substance abusers are a homogeneous group - Ettorre provides separate analyses of the different substances used and abused by women. She emphasizes the types of feminist strategies to use which will mobilize women in the substance abuse field. These strategies, she argues, must become increasingly visible if changes are to occur. Women need to build an alternative creative response which challenges the pervasive dogmatism in the substance abuse field. Ettorre's book will generate interest in an avowedly collective, feminist approach.
All the ugly and wonderful things : a novel
I'll go to bed at noon
Abstract.
Cocaine and crack cocaine : a growing public health issue
Substance misuse : the implications of research, policy and practice
Annual report 2003 : the state of the drugs problem in the acceding and candidate countries to the European Union
Alcohol use among elderly at home care
Finland drug situation 2009 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2009 national report to the EMCDDA
Alcohol use is one of the problems within elderly that had not been studied enough. The purpose of this thesis was to describe how widespread alcohol problem is among elderly who are under the home care services. The idea of this research arose from the experience I had when I was doing my elderly nursing care practice and I observed how alcohol affected their health. This research was quantitative. The data was gathered by interviewing the clients with the pre-made questionnaire forms. Most of the clients were excited about the interviews and some were even happy to be visited. The result of the data gathered was analyzed in the end, by using the descriptive method. Results were displayed through frequencies, averages and percentages. One aim of this thesis was to also collect and present this information to the home care unit, in order for them to do some proper actions through the nursing care plan. There were 20 interviewees who participated in the research. Only few among the elderly interviewed had visible alcohol problem. As outcome it was pleasing to find out that the alcohol problem among elderly is not that common than what I had expected. Based on this research there are clear conclusion to be made. The alcohol problem among elderlies in the home care is not a common problem, but the healthcare workers should still consider these clients more so that they could get necessary help and information regarding the dangers of alcohol.
Understanding drugs : a handbook for parents, teachers and other professionals
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
Last call at Elaine's : A journey from one side of the bar to the other
The science of drinking : how alcohol affects your body and mind
Young people and substance misuse
Low educational performance is associated with drunk driving : a 31-year follow-up of the northern finland 1966 birth cohort
Stages and pathways of drug involvement : examining the Gateway Hypothesis
Precarious pregnancies : alcohol, drugs and the regulation of risks
Dental fear among adults in Finland
Finland drug situation 2013 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2013 national report to the EMCDDA
Understanding the high-functioning alcoholic : breaking the cycle and finding hope
Finnish teenagers - how they drink and clash with authority
Drugs and vulnerable groups of young people :b selected issue 2008
The feasibility of property development on brownfield sites
Development as action in context : problem behavior and normal youth development
Etiology of substance use disorder in children and adolescents : emerging findings from the Center for Education and Drug Abuse Research
Report on the drug situation in the candidate CEEs
Promoting healthy behaviour : practical guide for nursing and healthcare
Waiting for the man : the story of drugs and popular music
A community mental health approach to drug addiction
The children of Maria : adolescent substance abusers, their families and schooling
Gamma-glutamyl transferase as a marker of alcohol abuse : effects of moderate drinking, obesity and increasing age on reference intervals
Effects of heavy alcohol intake on lipoproteins, adiponectin and cardiovascular risk
Baltic Cities Expert Meeting on Drug Supply and Demand Reduction : Ala-Lemu, Finland, June 3-5, 1992.
Perspectives on alcohol consumption in older adults
Drinking habits among alcoholics
Substance abuse in the Barents region : focus on Murmansk and Karelia, October-November 1996
Informal social control of drinking : Finland in the light of international comparison
Preventive law : materials on a non adversarial legal process
Drug use and related problems among very young people (under 15 years old)
Long day's journey into night
Beyond treatment? : widening the approach to alcohol problems and solutions
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Drinking and drinkers : three papers in behavioral sciences
Drug abuse rapid situation assessments and responses
Evaluation: a key tool for improving drug prevention : papers from the second European conference on the evaluation of drug prevention, 'Evaluation: a key tool for improving drug prevention', held in Strasbourg, France, from 2 to 4 December 1999
Problem solved : a primer in design and communications
Long-term alcohol use in adolescence and neurocognition : a preliminary study
Drugs, society and human behavior
The new youth justice
Gender, drink and drugs
Childhood determinants of later health
Mapping the social consequences of alcohol consumption
Drinking : alcohol in American society - issues and current research
Baltic Cities Expert Meeting on Drug Supply and Demand Reduction = Itämeren alueen kaupunkien huumekokous : Ala-Lemu, 3.-5.6.1992
Women and substance use
Practice preventive corporate law
How to cope with a teenage drinker : changing adolescent alcohol abuse
Targeted drug prevention : how to reach young people in the community : conference Helsinki, 5-7 November 2002 : report
Waiting for the man : The story of drugs and popular music
Collaborative learning, reasoning, and technology
Finland drug situation 2014
Hooked on heroin : drugs and drifters in a globalized world
Alcohol and drug misuse : A handbook for students and health professionals
Alcohol and the family
Cocaine : a drug and its social evolution
Community prevention of alcohol problems
Cognitive functioning in alcohol and other substance use disorders in young adulthood : a genetic epidemiological study
Drugs 2.0 : the web revolution that's changing how the world gets high
Modern dog : 20 years of poster art : (not canine-related)
Buprenorphine : features of abuse and methods for improving unobserved dosing in opioid substitution treatment
Parental drug and alcohol misuse : resilience and transition among young people
Practical English usage
Drugs in St Petersburg and the Leningrad region : situation in spring 1998
Alcohol problems in the community
Community action to prevent alcohol problems : papers presented at the Third Symposium on Community Action Research Greve in Chianti, Italy, 25-29 September 1995.
Early-onset depressive disorders, related mental health disorders and substance use-a prospective, longitudinal study of finnish twins born 1983-1987
Children of alcoholics : a critical appraisal of theory and research
Drug use and cultural contexts 'beyond the West' : tradition, change and post-colonialism
This work discusses healthy versus unhealthy alcohol consumption, describes the health benefits of consuming alcohol in moderation, and explains how alcohol influences the brain and body. Scientific research has clearly established that drinking in moderation has many health benefits, including maintaining a healthy heart. Yet, many people do not know that drinking red wine protects the heart more than white wine, while beer, margaritas, and hard liquor are less effective in providing such protection. And while alcoholism is a serious problem requiring medical and psychological treatment, for those who are not addicted, drinking alcohol is not necessarily a bad habit. The problem is to distinguish between drinking sensibly and drinking insensibly. The author clearly outlines what constitutes healthy drinking and its attendant health benefits, offers advice on how to drink responsibly, and provides insight into just how alcohol works on the brain and the body. Questions this book addresses include:  What constitutes a safe drinking and what is excessive drinking; Understand how much drinking is safe before driving home; Why red wine is superior to other alcoholic beverages for protecting heart; Why underage drinking can cause severe brain damage; Why drinking during pregnancy is dangerous; Why heavy drinking can cause severe liver disease.  After reading this book, readers will enjoy their next drink with a fuller and safer understanding of why they're enjoying it.
Drink : the intimate relationship between women and alcohol
On the demon drink
Living with drugs
Nordic studies on alcohol and drugs : Helsinki
Alcohol misuse : a European perspective
Substance abuse, family violence, and child welfare : bridging perspectives
Predictors of alcohol treatment outcome : prognostic factors in cognitive behavioral therapy for problem drinking including targeted use of naltrexone
A cannabis reader : global issues and local experiences : perspectives on cannabis controversies, treatment and regulation in Europe
Drugs: partnerships for policy, prevention and education : a practical approach for working together
