http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24154 marketing periodicals
marketing periodicals
Now 42 : that's what I call advertising
Journal of advertising research
Marketing communication plan for Tmi Jukka Vainio
Journal of the Market research society
Integrated marketing communications plan for online newspaper : case : ess.fi of Mediatalo Esa
'Careers in Media and Film' has been written to help students graduates and academics from the disciplines of film, media and related subjects (and for those from other disciplines who want to break into the media) with their career choices.
Marketing Communication Plan for Fiesta Magazine
Meet in Finland : the magazine of Helsinki-Finland Congress Bureau
European journal of marketing
Journal of international business studies
Promotional culture and convergence : markets, methods, media
Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science
Essentials of contemporary advertising
Marketing science
The practice of advertising
All about Lapland : free tourist magazine about Finnish Lapland
Finnish business review
Journal of business
Ad critique : how to deconstruct ads in order to build better advertising
The fundamentals of creative advertising
Journal of retailing
Journal of marketing research
Tampere Media City : magazine for the Tampere Region to market expertise in information and communication technology and media services
Development strategy for single copy sales : case Pohjolan Sanomat
Sales promotion works : vol. 2.
Establishing "Made in EU" magazine
Businesswomen, dabblers, revivalists or conmen? : representation of selling and salespeople within academic, network marketing practitioner and media discourses
Journal of business-to-business marketing
Any sound you can imagine : making music/consuming technology
Advertising strategy : creative tactics from the outside/in
Journal of marketing
Uncovering fashion : fashion communications across the media
An online customer magazine in B2B marketing communications
Selecting effective marketing communication media and content : case: Riista magazine
Journal of international marketing
Finn niche : the magazine for promoting economic relations between Great Britain and Finland
Careers in media and film : the essential guide
Contemporary advertising and integrated marketing communications
Analysis of the sponsoring impact on the mass media and local spectators: a case study of Caprabo Lleida Basketball
The Advertising Kit : a complete guide for small businesses
Consumption, markets & culture
Economic trends : focus on Europe
Re-covering modernism : pulps, paperbacks, and the prejudice of form
Harvard business review
1. Advertising and the marketing function. 2. Types of advertising. 3. The advertising agency. 4. Advertising media: above-the-line. 5. Advertising media: below-the-line. 6. Sales promotion. 7. Sponsorship. 8. Direct mail. 9. Direct response marketing. 10. Exhibitions. 11. Copywriting. 12. Layout and typography. 13. Printing processes. 14. Public relations. 15. Advertising on the Internet. 16. Corporate advertising. 17. Advertising research. 18. Law and ethics of advertising. 19. Planning and executing an advertising campaign.
Journal of leisure research
Services marketing quarterly
Businesswomen, dabblers, revivalists or conmen? : representation of selling and salespeople within academic network marketing practitioner and media discourses
Principles of advertising : a global perspective
Growing broadleaves for timber
Eucalyptus leaf oils : use, chemistry, distillation and marketing
Strategic copywriting : how to create effective advertising
Tampere Engineering City : magazine for the Tampere Region to market expertise in mechanical engineering and automation
Further processing of tropical timber in Africa : report on a seminar on The Promotion of Further Processing of Tropical Hardwood Timber held in Accra, Ghana, 13-16 February 1990.
The best magazine design : photography, illustration, infographics & digital
Business in Russia
Advertising : principles & practice
Includes a glossary of advertising terms.
Starting and terminating customer relationships in mail order business : case: Apilanlehti Oy
The leading edge : new ideas, problems and challenges of the economics, management and marketing
Marketing for Dummies
Information marketing
Half a century of forest industry rhetoric : persuasive strategies in sales argumentation
Magazine editing : in print and online
Journal of fashion marketing and management
Contemporary advertising
The journal of services marketing
When MBAs rule the newsroom : how the marketers and managers are reshaping today's media
Translating promotional and advertising texts
Personnel magazine for Zara Finland
The publishing business : from p-books to e-books
Customer relationship marketing
International journal of integrated supply management
The international annual of advertising = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbung = le répertoire international du la publicité
Botnia Pulps echo : the customer magazine of Botnia Pulps
The role of a magazine as an advertising medium : case: Työ, terveys, turvallisuus magazine
Far Eastern economic review
Social media as a marketing channel for traditional newspapers : case: Tuoi Tre Newspaper
Examinig Russia's business enviroment for a publishing company
The Best magazine design : photography, illustration, infographics & digital
Media writing : a practical introduction
Journal of world business
Journal of consumer research
Advertising creative : strategy, copy, design
Kleppner's advertising procedure
There are seven islands running like crazy
