http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24172 schematics
schematics
Mental models : aligning design strategy with human behavior
Strategy and structure : chapters in the history of the industrial enterprise
The tube amp book : histories, specs & schematics for Fender, Marshall, Vox, Ampeg, Gibson, Hiwatt, Mesa/Boogie, Matchless, Groove Tubes, Gretsch, Rivera, Dr.Z, Trainwreck & many more
Tekniset tuoteasiakirjat = Technical product documentation. Osa 3, Kaaviot = Diagrams
Ed Ponsi's straightforward guide to understanding technical analysis Technical Analysis and Chart Interpretations delivers simple explanations and easy-to-understand techniques that demystify the technical analysis process.
BPMN method and style
Schematic templates for medium voltage switchgear cubicles
Thinking visually
Some observations on the structure of the guiot charrete
Everyday practical electronics
Technical analysis and chart interpretations : a comprehensive guide to understanding established trading tactics for ultimate profit
Data flow 2 : visualizing information in graphic design
The definitive guide to the graphic presentation of information contains a step-by-step guide to executing clear, concise, and intelligent graphics. The most current digital information is included along with practical advice, making this an essential reference.
Diagrams : innovative solutions for graphic designers
The infographic history of the world
Tekniset tuoteasiakirjat. Osa 3, Kaaviot = Technical product documentation. Part 3, Diagrams
"Information Design shows designers in all fields - from user-interface design to architecture and engineering - how to design complex data and information for meaning, relevance, and clarity. Written by a worldwide authority on the visualization of complex information, this full-color, heavily illustrated guide provides real-life problems and examples as well as hypothetical and historical examples, demonstrating the conceptual and pragmatic aspects of human factors-driven information design. Both successful and failed design examples are included to help readers understand the principles under discussion"--
The visual miscellaneum : a colorful guide to the world's most consequential trivia
Information Graphics
The functional art : an introduction to information graphics and visualization
Nowadays dealing with data is a daily routine for both individuals and organizations, where this data is stored in all kind of formats. By the increase of the data size day after day, it is more and more complicated for IT staff to deal with the reporting challenges that appear when people want to create reports based on the data, All this causes the increase of time consuming and costs. Reports are used mainly for getting useful information from a stored data, and to do so there are a wide variety of reporting tools provided by many IT companies. Oracle stays the leader on the world market, because it provides the most complete, open, and integrated business software and hardware systems for its customers. One of the well-known reporting tools provided by Oracle is Oracle Reports, which enables businesses to provide instant access to information to all levels in a scalable and secure environment, yet facing new reporting challenges such as diverse requirements, complex infrastructure, maintenance's, more and more Oracle reports users are moving to a new reporting tool namely Oracle BI Publisher.  The purpose of this thesis is to convert several Oracle Reports to BI publisher for Dianti Oy as a first part of the task, starting with the conversion of the reports from RDF format to XML format. Here two converting methods were used, to create a data template based on the XML report. The third stage was creating an RTF template for the converted report by using Oracle Template Builder. The second part of the thesis deal in creating BI Publisher reports based on the converted RDF reports and the different report formats' output that can be published by extracting data just one time. Working on this task was a major challenge during its process, but as a result the objectives of the project were achieved by converting Oracle report to the new environment. This is added value for the client where the results will be used as a base to do further report converting.
User-centered approach in practice : designing photovoltaic energy use for Italian homes
Microsoft Office 365 & Excel 2016 : Introductory
Microsoft visio 2016 step by step
Bpmn 2.0 handbook : methods, concepts, case studies and standards in business process management notation
Statics for dummies
The designer's guide to presenting numbers, figures, and charts
Atlas of science : visualizing what we know
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of electronic devices and circuits
Does using a visual-representation tool foster students  ability to identify forces and construct free-body diagrams?
Wiring systems and fault finding : for installation electricians
Electronics for dummies
Digital circuits. 1, Numbering systems, binary codes, logic gates, boolean algebra
The impact of logic style on low power, low voltage digital design
Present it so they get it : create and deliver effective PowerPoint presentations your audiences will understand
Point to point lists and library of suppliers' standard drawings
Creating maps, charts, and infographics with Adobe Illustrator
A desktop reference of hip vintage guitar amps
Installation manual Windows
Design - pleasure or responsibility ? : selected and ed. articles from the International Conference on Design at the University of Art and Design Helsinki UIAH 21-23 June 1994
Fault diagnostics in LOGSET forest machines : Development of improved fault diagnostics in the TOC control system of LOGSET harvesters and forwarders
Converting Oracle reports to BI Publisher process and results
Switching power supplies A to Z
Using IBM® SPSS® statistics for research methods and social science statistics
The graphic facilitator's guide : how to use your listening, thinking & drawing skills to make meaning
Microsoft Visio 2013 : step by step
Presents more than thirty full-page science maps, fifty data charts, a timeline of science-mapping milestones, and 500 color images, which serve as a sumptuous visual index to the evolution of modern science and as an introduction to "the science of science"--charting the trajectory from scientific concept to published results.
Schematic capture user's guide
Batteries and electrical systems
Toyota Avensis / Corona : electrical wiring diagram ST 200 Series, AT 22_ Series, CT 220 Series: Oct. 1997
The Wall Street journal guide to information graphics : the dos and don'ts of presenting data, facts, and figures
Future climate in world regions : an intercomparison of model-based projections for the new IPCC emissions scenarios
BIM Workflow for Mechanical Ventilation Design :  Object-Based Modeling with Autodesk Revit®
Renewal of mechanical combo process : internal guidance
Customization is crucial in the extremely competitive field of electronical devices. Customers have learned more means to gain information about products and services available and know how to demand more value. Changes in sales package content employ many different departments in companies. The information and material flow through borders of those departments is the key issue in creating a mechanical variation requested by a customer. Long lead times have inflicted in variation creation in sales channels and this results as loss of both work and income for the company. The aim of this thesis is to renew and enhance a mechanical combo process through creating more understandable process flow chart combined with detailed guidance for roles involved. The negative feedback from customers have dealt with long lead times, in many cases all due to disorganized process and had wrong ownerships. The project with the process renewal was done side by side with an actual mechanical combo process, thus making this a practice-based study.  Different contact persons were interviewed to gain understanding on their roles and to see where the major problems lied. The final results, e.e. the renewed process flow charts were sent to different customers and the whole process is now seen more feasible. There will still be combos created in customer channels but now the roles and resources are clearer and the lead times in mechanical combo creation have been made shorter.
Visual Intelligence : Microsoft tools and techniques for visualizing data
Collecting, managing, and assessing data using sample surveys
Designing information : human factors and common sense in information design
Show me the numbers : designing tables and graphs to enlighten
Bebop to the Boolean boogie : an unconventional guide to electronics fundamentals, components, and processes
BPMN 2.0 : introduction to the standard for business process modeling
Analysis of complex networks : from biology to linguistics
