http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24165 family psychology
family psychology
Summary: "Marriages and Families in the 21st Century provides an in-depth exploration of a traditional field of study using a new and engaging approach. The text covers all the important issues--including parenting, divorce, aging families, balancing work and family, family violence, and gender issues--using a bioecological framework that takes into account our status as both biological and social beings. Using this lens, which emphasizes the individual's interactions with a series of larger systemic influences--from family, peers, neighbors and teachers, to schools, media, institutions and culture--the book creates a cohesive overview of modern family life and helps students visualize the complex influences affecting all people in families. It also examines the state of modern families using a strengths-based approach, which allows students to evaluate the health and functioning of a family considering the biological and cultural milieu in which it exists, rather than on its observable structure or appearance alone. Individual chapters cover historical and cultural trends and also explore the biological, personal, and social forces that shape individuals and families. Each chapter investigates the wide diversity of human relationships and integrates discussions of ethnicity, culture, sexual orientation, and gender seamlessly into the main narrative. In addition, the book explores recent research in neuroscience, medicine, and biopsychology to examine how family relationships are shaped by and also influence individuals' biological functioning"--.
Family business dynamics
Handbook of diversity in parent education : the changing faces of parenting and parent education
Intelligence, heredity, and environment
The handbook of family psychology and therapy. Vol. 1
"While the period of transition from adolescence to adulthood has become a recent focus for developmental psychologists and child mental health practitioners, the full role of the family during this period is only beginning to be explored. Many compelling questions, of interest to anyone involved in adolescence research, remain unanswered. To what extent do family experiences influence the way one navigates through emerging adulthood? How do we begin to understand the interplay between adolescents' contexts and their development and well-being? Adolescence and Beyond: Family Processes and Development offers an accessible synthesis of research, theories, and perspectives on the family processes that contribute to development. Chapters from expert researchers cover a wide variety of topics surrounding the link between family processes and individual development, including adolescent romantic relationships, emotion regulation, resilience in contexts of risk, and socio-cultural and ethnic influences on development. Drawing on diverse research and methodological approaches that include direct family observations, interviews, and narrative analyses, this volume presents cutting-edge conceptual and empirical work on the key developmental tasks and challenges in the transition between adolescence and adulthood. Researchers, practitioners, and students in social, developmental, and clinical psychology--as well as those in social work, psychiatry, and pediatrics--will find this book an invaluable summary of important research on the link between family process and individual development"--
How children develop
Strangers in the house : the world of stepsiblings and half-siblings
Governing the soul : the shaping of the private self
Why talking is not enough : eight loving actions that will transform your marriage
Family systems and life-span development
Promoting positive parenting : an attachment-based intervention
Paths of life : six case histories
Families making sense of death
Paths of life : seven scenarios
Health behaviour of a young family's father
Comprehensive clinical psychology. Vol. 9, Applications in diverse populations
Transitions in context : leaving home, independence and adulthood
"Valeria Ugazio presents a new model of personality and psychopathology by examining four common psychological approaches (phobic, obsessive-compulsive, eating disorders, and depression) in the context of the family. She offers an intersubjective approach to personality, based on a constructionist conception of meanings that focus on the concept of "semantic polarities" (fear/courage, good/evil, etc). Each client who presents with one of the disorders discussed, the author argues, has grown up in contexts, in most cases families, where certain specific values and meanings predominate. In each family where a member has a different kind of disorder, conversation will revolve around a different set of values. A central tenant of the model is that meaning and its organizations are open systems, and thus susceptible to modification. Based on this theory, the author shows therapists how use semantics with their clients to help overcome symptoms"--
Far from the tree : parents, children and the search for identity
Treating the changing family : handling normative and unusual events
The family business on the couch : a psychodynamic-systems perspective
The challenge faced by family businesses and their stakeholders, is to recognise the issues that they face, understand how to develop strategies to address them and more importantly, to create narratives, or family stories that explain the emotional dimension of the issues to the family. The most intractable family business issues are not the business problems the organisation faces, but the emotional issues that compound them. Applying psychodynamic concepts will help to explain behaviour and will enable the family to prepare for life cycle transitions and other issues that may arise. Here is a new understanding and a broader perspective on the human dynamics of family firms with two complementary frameworks, psychodynamic and family systematic, to help make sense of family run organisations. Although this book includes a conceptual section, it is first and foremost a practical book about the real world issues faced by business families. The book begins by demonstrating that many years of achievement through generations can be destroyed by the next, if the family fails to address the psychological issues they face. By exploring cases from famous and less well known family businesses across the world, the authors discuss entrepreneurs, the entrepreneurial family and the lifecycles of the individual and the organisation. They go on to show how companies going through change and transition can avoid the pitfalls that endanger both family and company. The authors then apply tools that will help family businesses in transition and offer their analyses and conclusions. Readers should draw their own conclusions from careful examination of the cases, identifying the problems or dilemmas faced and the options for improved business performance and family relationships. They should ask what they might have done in the given situation and what new insight into individual or family behaviour each case offers. The goal is to avoid a bitter ending.
Collaborative/therapeutic assessment : a casebook and guide
The invisible web : gender patterns in family relationships
Adult sibling relationships
Advances in applied social psychology. Vol. 3
Where fatherlessness meets music therapy : "the importance of therapist & the uniqueness of music"
You can go home again : reconnecting with your family
Lesbian and gay parents and their children : research on the family life cycle
Depression and the perception of family functioning in the eating disorders
When you love someone, how does it feel? And when you desire someone, how is it different? In Mating in Captivity, Esther Perel looks at the story of sex in committed couples. Modern romance promises it all - a lifetime of togetherness, intimacy and erotic desire. In reality, it's hard to want what you already have. Our quest for secure love conflicts with our pursuit of passion. And often, the very thing that got us to into our relationships - lust - is the one thing that goes missing from them. Determined to reconcile the erotic and the domestic, Perel explains why democracy is a passion killer in the bedroom. Arguesfor playfulness, distance, and uncertainty. And shows what it takes to bring lust home. Smart, sexy and explosively original,Mating in Captivity is the monogamist's essential bedside read.
Brothers & sisters : myth and reality
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Destructive myths in family therapy : how to overcome barriers to communication by seeing and saying : a humanistic perspective
Mating in captivity : sex, lies and domestic bliss
Strong fathers, strong daughters : 10 secrets every father should know
Developmental psychology and social change : research, history, and policy
Studies in the assessment of parenting
Why don't we all live together anymore? : big issues for little people after a family break-up
Parent-child group therapy : building self-esteem in a cognitive-behavioral group
Development according to parents : the nature, sources, and consequences of parents' ideas
The diversity of family models presents great challenges for contemporary Christians, from ethical point of view, as well as the spiritual level and the living together. Family patterns are in continuous mutation which is a potential source of conflict. Many scholars, including sociologists, theologians, psychologists, and philosophers take this subject to heart. They meet to discuss a number of issues concerning the family: the forms of contemporary family, the future of the family or families, their challenges and needs. This book is to promote conversation about the family between secular perspectives and Christian approaches. In three parts, this volume deals with current research in the field of human sciences. The first part discusses the structural dimension, treating the impact of attachment theory, analyzing the investigations concerning family separation and taking into consideration contemporary parenting ethical issues. In the second part, relevant ethical, pastoral and psychological issues related to contemporary tensions in the field are processed. As for the third part, it seeks the indices, the spiritual and therapeutic pathways in the heart of the great diversity that is lived.
In this book the author offers insights and advice that can help parents achieve greater understanding, authority, and confidence as they come up against the tech revolution and how families can combat the disconnection we are experiencing from our extreme device dependence.
Activity environment, social class and voluntary learning : an interpretation and application of Vygotsky's concepts
Handbook of parenting. Vol. 4, Social conditions and applied parenting
Normal family processes
Marriages and families in the 21st century : a bioecological approach
Family's many faces - la famille au plurie : contemporary family patterns, challenges for christians - les modèles familiaux contemporains, défis pour les chrétiens
Self-reg : how to help your child (and you) break the stress cycle and successfully engage with life
Family business : human dilemmas in the family firm : text and cases
Far from the tree : a dozen kinds of love
Self in relationships : perspectives on family therapy from developmental psychology
Prenatal testing : a sociological perspective
Family kaleidoscope
The politics of the family and other essays
The heart of parenting : how to raise an emotionally intelligent child
Semantic polarities and psychopathologies in the family : permitted and forbidden stories
Adolescence and beyond : family processes and development
Stepfamily therapy : a 10-step clinical approach
Have iPads replaced conversation at the dinner table? What do infants observe when their parents are on their smartphones? Should you be your child's Facebook friend? As the focus of family has turned to the glow of the screen, children constantly texting their friends, parents working online around the clock, everyday life is undergoing a massive transformation. Easy availability to the Internet and social media has erased the boundaries that protect children from the unsavory aspects of adult life. Parents often feel they are losing a meaningful connection with their children. Children are feeling lonely and alienated. The digital world is here to stay, but what are families losing with technology's gain? As the author, a clinical psychologist, explains, families are in crisis around this issue, and even more so than they realize. Not only do chronic tech distractions have deep and lasting effects, but children desperately need parents to provide what tech cannot: close, significant interactions with the adults in their lives. Drawing on real-life stories from her clinical work with children and parents, and her consulting work with educators and experts across the country, she offers insights and advice that can help parents achieve greater understanding, authority, and confidence as they come up against the tech revolution unfolding in their living rooms. We all know that deep connection with the people we love means everything to us. It's time to look with fresh eyes and an open mind at the disconnection we are experiencing from our extreme device dependence. It's never too late to put down the iPad and come to the dinner table. -- From book jacket.
The seven principles for making marriage work
Key concepts in family studies
Families as learning environments for children
Why does he do that? : inside the minds of angry and controlling men
Designing ICT for mothers : user psychological approach
Psychotherapy networker : the magzine for today's helping professional
Investing in children, youth, families, and communities : strengths-based research and policy
Family relations and the process of differentiation
Children of social worlds : development in a social context
Scissors, paper, stone
The handbook of family psychology and therapy. Vol. 2
Health assessment and promotion strategies : through the life span
Summary: "Marriages and Families in the 21st Century provides an in-depth exploration of a traditional field of study using a new and engaging approach. The text covers all the important issues--including parenting, divorce, aging families, balancing work and family, family violence, and gender issues--using a bioecological framework that takes into account our status as both biological and social beings. Using this lens, which emphasizes the individual's interactions with a series of larger systemic influences--from family, peers, neighbors and teachers, to schools, media, institutions and culture--the book creates a cohesive overview of modern family life and helps students visualize the complex influences affecting all people in families. It also examines the state of modern families using a strengths-based approach, which allows students to evaluate the health and functioning of a family considering the biological and cultural milieu in which it exists, rather than on its observable structure or appearance alone.Individual chapters cover historical and cultural trends and also explore the biological, personal, and social forces that shape individuals and families. Each chapter investigates the wide diversity of human relationships and integrates discussions of ethnicity, culture, sexual orientation, and gender seamlessly into the main narrative. In addition, the book explores recent research in neuroscience, medicine, and biopsychology to examine how family relationships are shaped by and also influence individuals' biological functioning.An accessible writing style coupled with numerous student-friendly pedagogical features help readers come to a multi-layered understanding of "what makes families tick," while also challenging them to reevaluate their own assumptions and experiences.Key features: Uses a bioecological model that takes into account our status as both biological and social beings Employs a strengths-based approach that focuses on family processes rather than structure in evaluating families' optimal health and happiness Incorporates discussion of neuroscience, medicine, and biopsychological research throughout Explores a wide diversity of family relationships, integrating issues of ethnicity, culture, sexual orientation, and gender Focus on my Family boxes profile real families who wrote essays in their own words about their diverse experiences How Would You Measure That? sections emphasize students' critical thinking and analysis of research design and conclusions Helps students analyze their own families' strengths and attempt to build on those through psychometrically sound self-assessments and Building Your Strengths exercises Engaging and accessible writing style incorporates contemporary, real-world examples with important theory and research Instructor's manual, test bank, PowerPoint lecture slides, and useful web links, as well as Student flash cards and self-test questions, available upon publication at www.wiley.com/go/howe "--.
The big disconnect : protecting childhood and family relationships in the digital age
Growing up mindful : essential practices to help children, teens, and families find balance, calm, and resilience
Introduction to family processes
Most human violence is carried out by men. Male violence could even be described as the major source of human suffering. Yet it is so deep-rooted in biology and culture that is often seems impossible to combat. Male Violence examines this issue from a wide range of perspectives. The contributors discuss its origins in childhood, its adult forms within and outside the family, and a variety of theoretical approaches that can help us understand it. In doing so, Male Violence raises fundamental questions about values which are accepted and unchallenged by the majority of people living in the modern world.
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of family psychology
The child, the family, and the outside world
Young teachers and reluctant learners
Families across cultures : a 30-nation psychological study
Development of infants with disabilities and their families : implications for theory and service delivery
Journal of interpersonal violence
Smooth sailing or stormy waters? : family transitions through adolescence and their implications for practice and policy
The Oxford handbook of evolutionary family psychology
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Families count : effects on child and adolescent development
Perfect madness : motherhood in the age of anxiety
Your family your self : how to analyze your family system to understand yourself, & achieve more satisfying relationships with your loved ones
The limits of family influence : genes, experience, and behavior
In this book the author tells the stories of parents who not only learn to deal with their exceptional children but also find profound meaning in doing so. His proposition is that diversity is what unites us all. He writes about families coping with deafness, dwarfism, Down syndrome, autism, schizophrenia, multiple severe disabilities, with children who are prodigies, who are conceived in rape, who become criminals, who are transgender. While each of these characteristics is potentially isolating, the experience of difference within families is universal, as are the triumphs of love he documents in every chapter. All parenting turns on a crucial question: to what extent parents should accept their children for who they are, and to what extent they should help them become their best selves. Drawing on 40,000 pages of interview transcripts with more than three hundred families, the author mines the eloquence of ordinary people facing extreme challenges. Whether considering prenatal screening for genetic disorders, cochlear implants for the deaf, or gender reassignment surgery for transgender people, he narrates a universal struggle toward compassion. Many families grow closer through caring for a challenging child; most discover supportive communities of others similarly affected; some are inspired to become advocates and activists, celebrating the very conditions they once feared. Woven into their courageous and affirming stories is the author's journey to accepting his own identity, which culminated in his midlife decision, influenced by this research, to become a parent. In this book he explores themes of generosity, acceptance, and tolerance, all rooted in the insight that love can transcend every prejudice; and expands our definition of what it is to be human.
Family processes and problems : social psychological aspects
Coping with marital transitions : a family systems perspective
Family environment and intellectual functioning : a life-span perspective
While many adults now understand how mindfulness practice helps us alleviate the stress and anxiety of our busy modern lives, getting a typical teenager on board is another story. Dr. Christopher Willard draws on his work with hundreds of young children, tweens, and teens - along with countless hours training parents, teachers, and other counselors - to make the principles and practices of mindfulness accessible, entertaining, and cool for people of all ages and interests. Features dozens of exercises to incorporate mindfulness into daily life (in class, extracurricular activities, among peers), specific meditations and movement practices, compassion training, and more.
Offers a new framework for understanding and raising children based on self-regulation -- the process by which a child (or indeed a parent) can get 'in the zone' -- a receptive state of calm alertness that allows you to approach any task in a state of balance. Learning the art of self-regulation can help children learn to deal with experiences, overcome frustration, learn to pay better attention, control impulses, engage better with others and learn about the world. Hundreds of thousands of children who have gone through the programme have shown significant improvement in literacy, numeracy and behaviour. Now, his groundbreaking research is being published for the first time in this timely and practical guide for parents.
Parental belief systems : the psychological consequences for children
Protecting children from violence : evidence-based interventions
Children of the self-absorbed : a grown-up's guide to getting over narcissistic parents
Family routines and rituals
The narcissistic family : diagnosis and treatment
Out of the darkened room : when a parent is depressed : protecting the children and strengthening the family
Family and environment : an ecosystem perspective
Family stories and the life course : across time and generations
Constructive & destructive behavior : implications for family, school,  & society
Social development : psychological growth and the parent-child relationship
Positive parenting : raising children with self-esteem
Parenting and child development in "nontraditional" families
