http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24182 managerial work
managerial work supervisory work
The everything managing people book : Quick and easy ways to build, motivate, and nurture a first-rate team
The courageous follower : standing up to & for our leaders
How to motivate people
Followership : how followers are creating change and changing leaders
Ethical team leadership : as construed by Finnish managers
Make difficult people disappear : how to deal with stressful behavior and eliminate conflict
Coaching the owner managers and directors of small businesses
Job demands, job resources, and consequences for managerial sustainability in the public sector : a contextual approach
Brutal bosses : and their prey
The one minute manager meets the monkey
When she was bad
"Save your organization by building the skills to deal with difficult people We all have to work with people we can't stand to be around. Our challenge is to find creative ways to handle these difficult people. In the fable Make Difficult People Disappear, the skills and strategic plan needed to change your mindset are told through a clear, concise story. By first understanding the four main personality types in the workplace, Commander, Organizer, Relater, and Entertainer, readers can then devise effective strategies for diffusing unproductive and damaging behavior.This book serves to change the mindset and behavior of people who deal with difficulty on a regular basis.  Wofford describes how through understanding our behavior differences and natural reactions to stress, that utilizing a plan based on these differences the difficulty simply seems to disappear  Advises everyone from frustrated executives to entrepreneurs tired of dealing with difficult people who suck the life out of their organizations  Complete with a step-by-step action plan, Make Difficult People Disappear serves to replenish your confidence and build skills in leading those who until now you didn't know how to manage and felt there was no choice but to continue to deal with or ignore"--
Trust in superior-subordinate relationship : an empirical study in the context of learning
"While most leadership books try to answer the question "what is good leadership?" this book asks "how can people learn to lead?" The Leadership Skills Handbook reflects the collective knowledge, wisdom and experience of thousands of leaders who have contributed through surveys and interviews. It is based on research that identifies the five different groups of skills that leaders must have -- career skills, people skills, moment of truth skills, technical skills and values and behaviors. It covers some of the common challenges emerging leaders have expressed, such as: how to really take control; how to deal with politics of the organization; how to manage budgets when times are tough; how to achieve what's necessary with limited time and money and how to deal with stress. This new edition is updated with a new section on the mindset of success, as well as the latest thinking on resilience, collaboration and enterprising. Full of tips, exercises and advice, The Leadership Skills Handbook explains how to become a leader that people want to follow"--
Breakthrough ideas : 15 articles that define business practise today
The purpose of this thesis was to find out if Hotel Managers in Finland take into consideration employee motivation, and if so, how do they motivate their employees and finally, how do they measure employee motivation.  The literature review deals with what motivates people and how to motivate them. Theoretically, motivation was approached from two perspectives. Firstly motivation was approached from the content theory perspective, which stresses that the importance of motivation is what motivates people. Secondly, process theories were reviewed; which goal is to find out how to motivate people.   This study is methodologically a qualitative case study. Open questions and interviews were used as research methods because since motivation is something difficult to measure the author thought that by interviewing those managers, the responses would be more accurate. Data was collected from to two General Managers and one Hotel Manager from Finland in February 2005. Results were analysed with the case analysis method and cross-analysis method.  On the basis of the results, it seems that the importance that managers give to employee motivation varies from one manager to another. The three managers consider very relevant the topic researched, but from the analysis of the results, it seems they put more effort in how to motivate their staff than to discover what motivates employees. All the managers measure their employee motivation through surveys and they do not believe money to be a motivator.  Also in this research it is visible that each manager performs different strategies in relation with motivation, some of them focus more in applying content theories and others believe more in applying the content theories. But all the interviewed managers do something to have motivated employees.
HRM - between performance and employees : proceedings from the HRM conference in Helsinki, November 16, 2006
The art of followership : how great followers create great leaders and organizations
Coaching for change
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Leading at a higher level : Blanchard on leadership and creating high performing organizations
Independent and mediating effects of trust in leadership on employees' job satisfaction and organizational commitment
Coaching for meaning : the culture and practice of coaching and team building
How to be an even better manager : a complete A-Z of proven techniques and essential skills
Executive decisions : hospitality case studies in leadership, ethics, employee relations and external relations
The role of goal pursuit in the interaction between psychosocial work environment and occupational well-being
The world of culinary supervision, training, and management
Horrible bosses
No fear : business leadership in the age of digital cowboys
Leadership roles and management functions in nursing : theory and application
Butterflies, flowers. Vol. 3
The 7 hidden reasons employees leave : how to recognize the subtle signs and act before it's too late
The feedback book : 50 ways to motivate and improve the performance of your people
The art of leadership
Over easy
Nursing leadership
Wellbeing as a part of leadership in my country : case Company XX
The making of scientific management. Volume 3, The Hawthorne investigations
The leadership skills handbook : 50 essential skills you need to be a leader
Conflicts and multicultural team : Developing competencies for managers
The New Supervisor : Lead with Confidence
What in God's name
Dismissing an employee : expert solutions to everyday challenges
Revisiting the buffers of job insecurity : investigating new buffering factors between perceived job insecurity and employee outcomes
Team leaders' experiences with receiving positive feedback
Management of teleworkers : managerial communication at a distance
Leadership frames of program directors at Finnish universities of applied sciences
Effective Coaching
Supervision in social work
Explaining the performance of human resource management
Supervision in the hospitality industry
Employee Relations
The leader's handbook : making things happen, getting things done
Exploratory investigation into the use of performance appraisal interviews and predictors of subordinate feedback seeking behaviour in a banking environment
Employee motivation from the Finnish hotel management perspective : a case study
Quantum leadership : advancing innovation, transforming health care
Introduction to human resource management
How to lead a winning team
The work of managers : towards a practice theory of management
A case study of Veikkaus oy : the state of organisational commitment and the role of job involvement in the process of committing to the organisation
Power score : your formula for leadership success
Yhteenveto (Summary)
Supervision today!
Attitudes, assumptions, and behaviors in managers' talk : What types of conflict cultures do they foster?
Organizing relationships : traditional and emerging perspectives on workplace relationships
Brilliant manager : what the best managers know, do and say
Ergonomic workplace analysis
Win win management : leading people in the new workplace
30 rock. Season 4.
How to be good at performance appraisals : simple, effective, done right
Managing for dummies
Supervising the functionality of an order fulfillment process : what managers wish to monitor
The role of middle manager as motivator
Being the boss : the 3 imperatives for becoming a great leader
If I were a Labour leader
Managing motivation : a manager's guide to diagnosing and improving motivation
Good boss, bad boss : how to be the best... and learn from the worst
Ideology patterns and ideology cleavage : a factorial study of some social attitudes of managers, foremen and workers
Managers' work and occupational well-being between the years of 1996 and 2006 : longitudinal evidence from the Finnma-10 study
Covers over 60 essential topics across the three key areas in which any manager needs to be competent: managing people; managing activities and processes; and managing and developing yourself. This book provides guidelines that can help you to develop a broad base of managerial skills and knowledge.
Psychology applied to work : an introduction to industrial and organizational psychology
(In)significant others : the role of the spouse in women and men managers' careers in Finland
Time management secrets: the experts tell all!
Abstract: Emotionally intelligent leadership : qualitatively defining and quantitatively measuring performance-based emotional intelligence competencies.
Ethnic minority member perspective on leader-member exchange
Human Resources
Random acts of management : a Dilbert book
The world of culinary management : leadership and development of human resources
Transformative leadership: new perspectives to developing leadership competence : case Expert organisation - Metso IT Shared Services
Butterflies, flowers. Vol. 1
Women's leader-member relationships during pregnancy and the return to work
