http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24169 plantations
plantations
The author of the New York Times bestseller and beloved book club favorite The Kitchen House continues the story of Jamie Pyke, son of both a slave and master of Tall Oakes, whose deadly secret compels him to take a treacherous journey through the Underground Railroad.  Published in 2010, The Kitchen House became a grassroots bestseller. Fans connected so deeply to the book's characters that the author, Kathleen Grissom, found herself being asked over and over "what happens next?" The wait is finally over.  This new, stand-alone novel opens in 1830, and Jamie, who fled from the Virginian plantation he once called home, is passing in Philadelphia society as a wealthy white silversmith. After many years of striving, Jamie has achieved acclaim and security, only to discover that his aristocratic lover Caroline is pregnant. Before he can reveal his real identity to her, he learns that his beloved servant Pan has been captured and sold into slavery in the South. Pan's father, to whom Jamie owes a great debt, pleads for Jamie's help, and Jamie agrees, knowing the journey will take him perilously close to Tall Oakes and the ruthless slave hunter who is still searching for him. Meanwhile, Caroline's father learns and exposes Jamie's secret, and Jamie loses his home, his business, and finally Caroline.  Heartbroken and with nothing to lose, Jamie embarks on a trip to a North Carolina plantation where Pan is being held with a former Tall Oakes slave named Sukey, who is intent on getting Pan to the Underground Railroad. Soon the three of them are running through the Great Dismal Swamp, the notoriously deadly hiding place for escaped slaves. Though they have help from those in the Underground Railroad, not all of them will make it out alive - Provided by publisher.
The sounds of slavery : discovering African American history through songs, sermons, and speech
The politics of pulp investment and the Brazilian landless movement (MST)
The modern plantation in the Third World
Plantation labour, unions, capital, and the state in Peninsular Malaysia
The plantation in the postslavery imagination
12 years a slave
Glory over everything : beyond the Kitchen house
Abstract.
Selective weed and ground cover management in a coffee plantation with shade trees in Nicaragua
The story of land and sea
The black lake
The feast of all saints
All my sisters
Rhett Butler's people
An archaeology of social space : analyzing coffee plantations in Jamaica's Blue Mountains
A history of the Guyanese working people, 1881-1905
Enacting the absent state : state-formation on the oil-palm frontier of Pomio (Papua New Guinea)
Healing : a novel
"The settlement of the Hebrides is usually considered in terms of the state formation agenda. Yet the area was subject to successive attempts at plantation, largely overlooked in historical narrative. Aonghas MacCoinnich's study, Plantation and Civility, explores these plantations against the background of a Lowland-Highland cultural divide and competition over resources. The Macleod of Lewis clan, 'uncivil', Gaelic Highlanders, were dispossessed by the Lowland, 'civil,' Fife adventurers, 1598-1609. Despite the collapse of this Lowland plantation, however, the recourse to the Mackenzie clan, often thought a failure of policy, was instead a pragmatic response to an intractable problem. The Mackenzies also pursued the civility agenda treating with Dutch partners and fending off their English rivals in order to develop their plantation"--Provided by publisher.
Plantation and civility in the North Atlantic world : the case of the northern Hebrides, 1570-1639
The kitchen house
The cutting season
East African crops : an introduction to the production of field and plantation crops in Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda
South Carolina's plantations & historic homes
Gone with the wind
The long song
Strands of bronze and gold
Shared traditions : Southern history and folk culture
Kill-devil and water
The cutting season : a novel
Caribbean rum : a social and economic history
In Jackson, Mississippi, in 1962, there are lines that are not crossed. With the civil rights movement exploding all around them, three women start a movement of their own, forever changing a town and the way women--black and white, mothers and daughters--view one another.
Analysing spatially systematic sampling designs for pre-harvest inventory in tropical pulpwood platations
Ancestor stones
My name's not Friday
Out of Africa
A study of class consciousness among Georgian planters in the Antebellum period
The help
Chocolate nations : living and dying for cocoa in West Africa
Lost plantations of the South
Black rose
