http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24153 travel agents
travel agents
Selling tourism services at a distance : an analysis of the EU consumer acquis
The research on customer satisfaction begun in the 1960's by Cardozo. During the 1980's, customer satisfaction became a popular field of study. Since then, the environment of the consumer marketplace has altered significantly. Valuing the customer and ensuring his/her satisfaction has become an obligatory part of today's aggressive business environment. In our technologically advanced global economy, competing organizations can easily copy another organization's product and price. On the other hand, competitors aren't able to duplicate another organization's customer relationships. In addition, organizations are encountering a more highly-educated customer that is aware of the various services and levels of quality that are obtainable. Therefore the key ingredient of ongoing success is the ability to satisfy customers.  Majorca and Costa del Sol, Spain are both old and traditional destinations that the tour operators have been selling for decades. Especially Majorca has tried to do a face lift over the past years with different kind of environment programs and policies. The premise here is to find out why are these destinations still offered by the tour operators and are they considered attractive these days, in other words, is it profitable to keep them in the selection.  The research problem of the thesis is: What makes customers of the tour operator Tjäreborg satisfied or unsatisfied with the package tours made to Majorca and Costa del Sol, Spain. Thus, the aim is: To examine the satisfaction vs. dissatisfaction of the customers of Tjäreborg with the package tours made to Majorca and Costa Del Sol.   It was considered that the best way to experiment this problem was to use the quantitative position in the thesis. The essence of quantitative research is the study of the relationships between variables. In this research a non-experimental, survey research method and design are used and the instrument used in the study is a questionnaire. The sample was drawn for practical reasons from the population of internet bookers that have made package tours to Majorca and Costa Del Sol. The size of sample was 400 and Tjäreborg sent an e-mail containing the link of the questionnaire to the respondents, from which 246 filled and returned the questionnaire.   The results indicate that the people traveling to these destinations are not tourists but vacationers according to their expectations and motives for traveling.  The overall satisfaction of the trip was rather high -the mean being 4,02 (on the five point Likert scale - 1 = very unsatisfied and 5 = very satisfied) compared to the scores of the individual variables, which leave a lot of room for improvement.
Tourism management : managing for change
How tour operators promote Mauritius as a tourist destination
Chinese customer's perceptions of service offered by Kylin Travel International Oy
The travel agency business has been experiencing rapid changes during the recent years as consolidation has resulted in larger company size thus intensifying competition. In such an environment smaller companies have been finding it increasingly difficult to operate successfully. One way for smaller companies to survive in the competition is to form partnerships and thus gain access to similar economies of scale that the multiple-outlet companies have.  The topic of partnership formation was approached through an actual travel agency partnership that has been experiencing difficulties with launching the operations and that has hitherto not been able to fulfil the partners' expectations. In order to find out how travel agencies can form partnerships and operate them efficiently a case-study of a recently established partnership of five independent travel agencies was conducted. The research focused on organisational structure and aimed at finding out how structure affects efficiency in hybrid organisations that are formed when companies join together to form partnerships.  As a basis for the research a theoretical framework for developing structure in hybrid organisations was developed. The framework begins by observing organisational structure on a general level, that may be applied to all kinds of organisations, and proceeds to examining a step-by-step model for progressing in partnership formation.  The research method used was a qualitative case-study research following the interpretivist research philosophy. The data collection was conducted with semi-structured interviews with the owner/managers of the five companies that form the partnership. The data was then analysed by using content analysis.  The analysis indicated the current structure of the organisation to be non-existent due to lack of planning regarding structure. The research also revealed significant differences in the partners' perceptions regarding the partnership, which contributed to their views of what problems exist in the current organisation and how they could be resolved. These differences between the partners require immediate attention from the management before the organisation may be developed further.
Customer satisfaction in the package tours made to Majorca and Costa del Sol, Spain : company: Tjäreborg
Organisational structure of a partnership of travel agencies : structural issues of a recently established partnership of small independent travel agencies in Finland
Networking as a method of internationalisation within tour operators in Turku region
North Karelia offers excellent settings for international tourism, but nevertheless, the region has remained fairly unknown in the international market. Furthermore, there clearly exists a general interest for increasing the amount of international tourist arrivals, which is also considered in the regional tourism strategy. Besides the tourist motivational aspects, co-operation and mutual perceptions of the tourism providers are key elements in enhancing that tourism flow.  This qualitative case study examines the attractiveness and image of North Karelia in order to identify the true strengths that attract the international tourists.  The aim of this research is to examine the local tourism operators' perceptions of these concepts and to find out if they are equivalent.  This research provides the local tourism operators with information about the perceived pull factors and image of the region. The empirical part of the research is based on theme interviews that allow the respondents to freely express their perceptions, and the analysis of the results examines their responses in relation to the concepts of push attributes and image.  The results supported the assumptions prior to the research and confirmed that the tourism operators share similar views on the attractiveness and image of the region. Nature is the main pull to the region and quietness and authenticity forms the image. Furthermore, it was emphasised that more resources and co-operation is needed for successful development of international tourism flow.
This thesis examines the role of the National Tourism Organisations (NTO) to promote destinations and support the marketing activites of their partners or members, in order to face competition and attract national and international visitors. Market analysis is seen as being an essential function of the NTOs. This thesis concentrates on the French NTO, the "Maison de la France", who faces the problem of lacking relevant information about potential and existing foreign markets, and therefore needs to undertake market analyses.    Existing statistics show that Finland is considered a relevant market to France and consequently interesting for the French NTO and its members. In this view, the aim of this thesis is to understand the Finnish tourism market, examining the useful elements that market analysis include.  The theoretical part of this thesis explained the various elements that market analysis should or could include, keeping in mind that the results of the research should support marketing activities. The theoretical discussion expressed the need for collecting information about market environnements, travel characteristics, travels trends and habits, lifestyles, culture, companies involved in the distribution system, and about promoting tools.  The method used in this research is case study and the data collected was quantitative and qualitative. Data concerning Finland was mainly secondary data (desk research). Primary data was obtained through questionnaires and interviews, which contributed to fill the gap in the existing secondary data.   The results of the emprirical study covered all the elements presented in the theoretical part, and answered to the problem of the French NTO, providing useful information about Finland. The results show that the Finnish market is an important market to France. Although France is only the 8th most visited foreign destination by Finns, the image of France is high among the Finnish population and professionals, which operate with France. Opportunities and advices to attract more Finnish people to France are also presented in the case study. The results of the research are general and open doors for further research which could provide more detailed findings.
Challenges of tour operators : case: Dar-es-Salaam, Tanzania
Customer feedback cycle affecting service quality in tour package production : case: Oy Aurinkomatkat Ab- Suntours LTD
Tourism management : an introduction
Product development based on the weak signals : travel agency MatkaVekka
Travel brochure as a marketing tool
The thesis was commisioned by Oy Aurinkomatkat – Suntours Ltd Ab. The main objectives of the study were to explore how Central European tour operators view the traditional travel brochure in their marketing. The main questions were the following: what is its condition now and how is it expected to be materialized in the future, what is the number of imprented brochures, what other significant marketing channels are employed and what is the sales distribution between direct-selling and online selling.     The literature review was composed by using previous studies related to this particular subject and by diverse literature on tourism marketing and management. The stufy itself was conducted by means of structured and theme interviews. All the data were collected between the period of March 2010 and March 2011. The respondents represent the  management of each company.      The main findings of the study reveal that the Finnish tour operators, TUI based Finnmatkat and Tjäreborg, have abandoned the traditional travel brochure recently whereas the other TUI partners, TUI Ukraine and TUI Deutschland, still maintain the production and have not planned to end the production anytime soon. The reasons for the Finnish tour operators rejection of brochures included the lack of demand, environmental issues and the lack of financial, temporal and human resources as well as the huge transition into online based planning and booking. Environmental reasons seemed to be more important factors for Tjäreborg whereas Finnmatkat did not even mention the ecological aspect. It is also significant to notice the differences between the leaflets now available for the customers. TUI Deutschland defends its decision of proceeding the production by presenting the huge selection of products and segments. TUI Ukraine regards traditional brochure as convenient and needed. However, it is also possible to build a successful business without any brochure, leaflet or flyer. L'Tur is a viable example of this.
Tourist customer service satisfaction : an encounter approach
Developing a Holiday Package in Swedish Lapland
Access : introduction to travel and tourism
National Tourism Organisations (NTO) and Foreign Market Analysis : market analysis of Finland for the "Maison de la France" (NTO)
A Research of a Career of a Travel Guide
The attractiveness and image of North Karelia - perceptions of the local tourism operators : case study
The business of tourism
Thesis is made as an assignment from Finpro ry. The topic is based on Finpro's interest on networking as a method of internationalisation within tour operators in Turku region in Finland. The work can be divided into three sections. First, the overview on current theories on networking and internationalisation of services will be conducted. Second, by using semi-structured interviews as a research method, local tour operators were interviewed and their networking was explored. Third, by analysing the information gathered by interviews, results will be analysed and suggestions and recommendations will be given. Business networking as its best is sharing information, ideas and support between the members of the network. Studies have shown that old internationalisation models are still applied successfully, but in the same time studies are suggesting that there is a need for a new network based models of internationalisation. Networks are made up of three dimensions, actors that perform a set of activities by using sets of resources. Successful networking requires not only resources, but also most importantly motivation and engagement from its members. The research process of the thesis showed that networking helps tour operators to become more attainable, no matter which size the operator is. Previous experiences are highly valued and experiences are giving credibility and helps operators to find new customers and partners, also from outside the domestic markets. Networking can be used as bridges to better knowledge of the industry and its services. Networks are also used when seeking new projects and partners. Networking, when well planned and implemented, is a crucial factor on the road to a successful internationalisation process.
Designing for e-commerce : a lean UX approach
Cultural attractions in travel marketing : Finnish tour operator point of view
Students as a marketing segment for travel agencies
