http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24100 in-home tutors
in-home tutors
Leadership in early childhood
What happened before Alice fell down the rabbit hole? Oxford, 1862. As Mary Prickett takes up her post as governess to the daughters of the Dean of Christ Church, she is thrust into a strange new world. Mary is poor and plain and desperate for change but the little girls in her care see and understand far more than their naive new teacher. And there is another problem: Mary does not like children, especially the precocious Alice Liddell. When Mary meets Charles Dodgson, the Christ Church mathematics tutor, at a party at the Deanery, she wonders if he may be the person to transform her life. Flattered by his attentions, Mary begins to believe that she could be more than just an overlooked, dowdy governess.One sunny day, as Mary chaperones the Liddells on a punting trip, Mr Dodgson tells the story of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. But Mary is determined to become Mr Dodgson's muse and will turn all the lives around her topsy-turvey in pursuit of her obsession.
Florence and Giles
Parents and teachers : power and participation
Working with parents of children with special educational needs
Introduction to early childhood education : a multidimensional approach to child-centered care and learning
Society and the teacher's role
1922. Grace has been sent to the stately and crumbling Fenix House to follow in her grandmother's footsteps as a governess. But when she meets the house's inhabitants, people who she had only previously heard of in stories, the cracks in her grandmother's tale begin to show. Secrets appear to live in the house's very walls and everybody is resolutely protecting their own.
The A-list family
Family matters : how schools can cope with the crisis in childrearing
Work engagement of kindergarten teachers
Children in their learning environments : theoretical perspectives
Teachers' perception of children's agency in early childhood education
Serving Victoria : life in the Royal Household
One night in Italy
The ABCs of teacher-parent communication
Mentoring in the early years
A cord of three strands : a new approach to parent engagement in schools
She will not give up. Three months ago, governess Serena Barton was let go from her position. Unable to find new work, she's demanding compensation from the man who got her sacked: a petty, selfish, swinish duke. But it's not the duke she fears. It's his merciless man of business -- the man known as the Wolf of Clermont.
Like the heroine of the novel she adores, Jane Steele suffers cruelly at the hands of her aunt and schoolmaster. And like Jane Eyre, they call her wicked - but in her case, she fears the accusation is true. When she flees, she leaves behind the corpses of her tormentors. A fugitive navigating London's underbelly, Jane rights wrongs on behalf of the have-nots whilst avoiding the noose. Until an advertisement catches her eye. Her aunt has died and the new master at Highgate House, Mr Thornfield, seeks a governess. Anxious to know if she is Highgate's true heir, Jane takes the position and is soon caught up in the household's strange spell.
Mr. Woodcock
Jane Eyrotica
The hidden history of early childhood education
After the bombing
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to find out the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers and the elements of these factors. Work engagement is one part of work well-being. This final thesis was a qualitative study. The method for collecting data was theme interview, which is a qualitative study method. For this study I interviewed five kindergarten teachers. The data were analyzed by thematic analysis. As a theoretical framework I used work engagement, which is divided into three dimensions: vigor, dedication and absorption. Besides these three dimensions, I studied the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers from the perspective of job resources, job demands and personal resources. The results of the study contained information of the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers that I was able to categorize into five different stages of work engagement: the core of the work, the organizing of work, the communication and management stage, the organizational stage and the personal stage. All of the three dimensions of work engagement clearly emerged from the data. The results of this study lead to a conclusion that the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers are versatile. The results of this study might possibly be of help in strengthening the work engagement factors of kindergarten teachers as well as in recognizing the factors that can negatively influence the experience of work engagement of kindergarten teachers. People who are responsible for developing the field of early childhood education might benefit from the results of this study.
Collaborative practitioners, collaborative schools
The shadow hour
The flight of Gemma Hardy : a novel
This house is haunted
Training preschool teachers in creative art activities : the effects of a prescribed methodology
The Victorian governess novel
Parents who teach : stories from home and from school
Educators' views on parents' participation on three different identified levels
Myth, symbol and meaning in Mary Poppins : the governess as provocateur
The thirteenth tale
Leadership in early childhood : the pathway to professionalism
Agnes Grey
Parents and teachers together : partnership in primary and nursery education
A right honorable gentleman
A night like this
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
The governess affair
The looking glass house
When a Child Protection Related Concern Arises : Kindergarten Teachers' Practices
Work Engagement of Kindergarten Teachers
Houseboat
Teachers, parents and classroom behaviour : a psychosocial approach
Teaching kindergarten : learner-centered classrooms for the 21st century
Discussions on some educational issues. 4
Educating children at home
How can low-income, non-English-speaking parents become advocates, leaders, and role models in their children's schools? A Cord of Three Strands offers a close study of the Logan Square Neighborhood Association, a grassroots organization on the northwest side of Chicago, whose work with parents and schools has drawn national attention. The author identifies three elements - induction, integration, and investment - that together capture the dynamic and developmental nature of successful parent engagement.
Working with parents : a guide to education professionals
Five go adventuring again
Charlotte Brontë : Jane Eyre
The interrupted tale
A comparative study on the homeroom teachers' perceptions of the school guidance in Korea and Finland
The hidden gallery
Virginal mothers, groovy chicks & blokey blokes : re-thinking home economics (and) teaching bodies
Handbook of school-family partnerships
Jane Eyre : the graphic novel : original text version
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
The Sound of Music : 40-vuotisjuhlajulkaisu
Early childhood teacher or leader? : early childhood directors' perceptions of their identity
