http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24149 unmanned aerial vehicles
unmanned aerial vehicles drone aircrafts
Global Hawk and SAIP : an example of automatic target recognition
Is all fair in law and war : the legality of collateral damage in targeted killings with drones : discussion particularly in the context of CIA drone attacks in Pakistan
Just ordinary robots
Evolutionary cloud for cooperative UAV coordination
Unmanned aerial system imagery and photogrammetric canopy height data in area-based estimation of forest variables
UAV cooperative decision and control : challenges and practical approaches
"This book will stimulate other researchers in this field to work on more practical questions and provide some insights to industrial engineers who want to use unmanned systems for their application problems".
Advances in unmanned aerial vehicles : state of the art and the road to autonomy
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
Unmanned aircraft systems : UAVS design, development, and deployment
In this paper we examine the feasibility of data from unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)-borne aerial imagery in stand-level forest inventory. As airborne sensor platforms, UAVs offer advantages cost and flexibility over traditional manned aircraft in forest remote sensing applications in small areas, but they lack range and endurance in larger areas. On the other hand, advances in the processing of digital stereo photography make it possible to produce three-dimensional (3D) forest canopy data on the basis of images acquired using simple lightweight digital camera sensors. In this study, an aerial image orthomosaic and 3D photogrammetric canopy height data were derived from the images acquired by a UAV-borne camera sensor. Laser-based digital terrain model was applied for estimating ground elevation. Features extracted from orthoimages and 3D canopy height data were used to estimate forest variables of sample plots. K-nearest neighbor method was used in the estimation, and a genetic algorithm was applied for selecting an appropriate set of features for the estimation task. Among the selected features, 3D canopy features were given the greatest weight in the estimation supplemented by textural image features. Spectral aerial photograph features were given very low weight in the selected feature set. The accuracy of the forest estimates based on a combination of photogrammetric 3D data and orthoimagery from UAV-borne aerial imaging was at a similar level to those based on airborne laser scanning data and aerial imagery acquired using purpose-built aerial camera from the same study area..
Unmanned aerial vehicles : embedded control
Eye in the sky
The drone camera handbook : a complete step-by-step guide to aerial photography and filmmaking
Introduction to unmanned aircraft systems
Innovations in intelligent machines. 1
"Unmanned systems and robotics technologies have become very popular recently owing to their ability to replace human beings in dangerous, tedious, or repetitious jobs. This book fill the gap in the field between research and real-world applications, providing scientists and engineers with essential information on how to design and employ networked unmanned vehicles for remote sensing and distributed control purposes. Target scenarios include environmental or agricultural applications such as river/reservoir surveillance, wind profiling measurement, and monitoring/control of chemical leaks".
Aerial photography and videography using drones
Autonomous flying robots : unmanned aerial vehicles and micro aerial vehicles
Unmanned aerial vehicles : robotic air warfare 1917-2007
Drone warfare : killing by remote control
Targeted killings : law and morality in an asymmetrical world
Remote sensing and actuation using networked unmanned vehicles
The fundamentals of aircraft combat survivability analysis and design
Introduction to the design of fixed-wing micro air vehicles : including three case studies
Kill chain : drones and the rise of high-tech assassins
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
Possibilities to Operational Use of Remotely Piloted Aircrafts in Finland : Miehittämättömien ilma-alusjärjestelmien operatiivisen käytön mahdollistaminen Suomessa
Modelling and control of mini-flying machines
Studies on unmanned atmospheric flight
Drones for dummies
Unmanned aircraft systems : International Symposium on Unmanned Aerial Vehicles, UAV '08
Studies of Unmanned Aircraft Systems from the Perspective of Operational Use
Unmanned : drones, data, and the illusion of perfect warfare
Drones : what everyone needs to know
Empirical studies on multiangular, hyperspecial, and polarimetric reflectance of natural surfaces
Safety and reliability in cooperating unmanned aerial systems
Light-weight multicopter structural design for energy saving
Multiple heterogeneous unmanned aerial vehicles
Small unmanned aircraft : theory and practice
Unmanned aircraft systems : strengths and weaknesses
Preventive force : drones, targeted killing, and the transformation of contemporary warfare
Guidance of unmanned aerial vehicles
Disposition matrix : the design and development process of a critical war game
Robot Motion and Control 2009
The hyperspectral and smartphone technology in CBRNE countermeasures and defence
