http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24124 lifetime (period of time)
lifetime (period of time)
Essentials of research methods in human sciences. Volume 2, Multivariate analysis
The secret middle ages
Unemployment Duration and Business Cycles in Finland
Health and social service use among older people : the last two years of life
House and home in the Victorian city : working-class housing 1850-1914
Mortal coil : a short history of living longer
Introducing Survival Analysis and Event History Analysis is an accessible, practical and comprehensive guide for researchers and students who want to understand the basics of survival and event history analysis and apply these methods without getting entangled in mathematical and theoretical technicalities. Inside, readers are offered a blueprint for their entire research project from data preparation to model selection and diagnostics. Engaging, easy to read, functional and packed with enlightening examples, 'hands-on' exercises and resources for both students and instructors, Introducing Survival Analysis and Event History Analysis allows researchers to quickly master these advanced statistical techniques. This book is written from the perspective of the 'user', making it suitable as both a self-learning tool and graduate-level textbook. Introducing Survival Analysis and Event History Analysis covers the most up-to-date innovations in the field, including advancements in the assessment of model fit, frailty and recurrent event models, discrete-time methods, competing and multistate models and sequence analysis. Practical instructions are also included, focusing on the statistical program R and Stata, enabling readers to replicate the examples described in the text. This book comes with a glossary, a range of practical and user-friendly examples, cases and exercises, and is accompanied by a wide range of supportive materials to download at the companion website, including the example data sets and programming files, plus study and teaching material.
Work and wealth : a human valuation
Work less, live more? : critical analysis of the work-life boundary
Standards of living in the later Middle Ages : social change in England c. 1200-1520
Plerixafor in autologous stem cell transplantation
Seasonal variation in the life histories of a viviparous ectoparasite, the deer ked
Ancient Egyptian materials & industries
Operations management : a system approach
Dangerous days in Elizabethan England : a history of the terrors and the torments, the dirt, diseases and deaths suffered by our ancestors
Statistical analysis of life sequence data
Health and well-being across the life course
Hunting in northern Europe until 1500 AD : old traditions and regional developments, continental sources and continental influences : papers presented at a workshop organized by the Centre for Baltic and Scandinavian Archaeology (ZBSA), Schleswig, June 16th and 17th, 2011
The learning society : challenges and trends
Measuring health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and quality-adjusted life years (QALY) in the critical care setting
The medieval world
Life expectancy and adult mortality in industrialised countries
Introduction to travel and tourism : an international approach
Ideas of time in America
Health at a glance 2011 : OECD indicators
Essentials of research methods in human sciences
Cost of reproduction in a seed beetle : a quantitative genetic perspective
The life-cycle in Western Europe, c.1300-c.1500
Forty below : traditional life in the Arctic
Recovering informal learning : wisdom, judgement and community
Contemporary perspectives in leisure : meanings, motives and lifelong learning
"Language Development Over the Lifespan is intended as a reference resource for those conducting research on language development and the aging process, and as a supplementary textbook for MA courses in applied linguistics/ bilingualism programs (in schools of Education and Liberal Arts) that focus on language attrition/aging and adult literacy development in second languages. It offers an integrative approach to language development that examines changes in language over a lifetime, organized by different theoretical perspectives, which are presented by well-known international scholars."--BOOK JACKET.
The blackest streets : the life and death of a Victorian slum
The dual role of HIF hydroxylase PHD3 in cancer cell survival
The Jews of medieval France : the community of Champagne
Polymer coated turnip rape seed did not facilitate early broadcast sowing under Finnish growing conditions
Improving Product Lifecycle Management Through Lessons-to-Learn Culture  : Case Global Consumer Electronics Company
Cognitive functions after traumatic brain injury : a 30-year follow-up study
Abstract: Alcohol-related deaths.
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterical and fungal exposures
Self-control, social cognitions, and automatic social images : insights into determinants of healthy lifestyle among young men in military service
How did medieval hermits survive on their self-denying diet? What did they eat, and how did unethical monks get around the rules? Full of rich anecdotes, and including recipes for basic monk's stew and bread soup, - this title tells the story of hermits, monks, food and fasting in the Middle Ages.
Cancer and cancer care
An introduction to modelling survival data in medical research. It demonstrates how widely available computer software can be used in survival analysis. It seeks to provide sufficient methodological development for the reader to understand assumptions upon which techniques are based.
This book studies the Jewish community of Champagne from the fifth century to the expulsion of 1306. It documents the growth and decline of the community, examines its interrelationships with the larger Christian culture, and presents a model for the study of other communities. The economic and political consolidation of the county, coupled with the development of Jewish self-government and a system of education in Talmudic law, were important factors in the growth of Champagne's Jewish community. The subsequent decline of the community in the mid-13th century was also attributable to economic and political factors, as well as a growing church influence. The Jews of Medieval France: The Community of Champagne also offers an in-depth analysis of women's place in the Jewish and gentile worlds of medieval France. Details and comparisons of women's status within the family and in business, and examples of attitudes toward women in literature and law are all thoroughly integrated into the text.
The Kingfisher encyclopedia of life : minutes, months, millennia - how long is a life on earth?
Economic materialism and social moralism : A study in the history of ideas in France from the latter part of the 18th century to the middle of the 19th century
Adaptation to seasonality : genetics and variation in life-history traits important in overwintering
Home range and movements of the Saimaa ringed seal (Phoca hispida saimensis Nordq.)
The statistical analysis of failure time data
Introducing survival and event history analysis
The viking age in Åland : insights into identity and remnants of culture
The worker in an affluent society : family life and industry
Pensions at a glance 2011 : retirement-income systems in OECD and G20 countries
Second European quality of life survey : family life and work
Demography and epidemiology : practical use of the Lexis diagram in the computer age : or who needs the Cox-model anyway?
Small molecule modulators of tumor suppressor p53 and RNA polymerase I activity : identification, anticancer activity and mechanism of action
The 100-year life
Essentials of research methods in human sciences. Volume 3, Advanced analysis
Food and health in early modern Europe : diet, medicine and society, 1450-1800
Population data on Finland 1900-2010
Bad year economics : cultural responses to risk and uncertainty
Timing is everything : photoperiodicity shaping life-history traits and gene expression
Cancer of the tongue in Finland : incidence, detection, survival and prognostic factors
Cancer and Cancer Care is a complete study of cancer, the care of people with the disease and its impact on everyday life. Addressing the physical and psychosocial aspects of the illness in detail, it covers all fundamental aspects of cancer diagnosis, treatment, survival and aspects of psychosocial support for all those affected by cancer: patients, their families, and their healthcare providers. Specialist chapters focus on the unique challenges of providing cancer care to populations with particular needs, including older adults; children and young people, those with learning disabilities and those with mental health problems.
Working time in the EU
Mills in the medieval economy : England, 1300-1540
Quality of life and cost-effectiveness of treatment after a serious neurosurgical illness
Statistical models and methods for lifetime data
Lifetime : the amazing numbers in animal lives
Politics and people in the North Atlantic fisheries since 1485
A hermit's cookbook : monks, food and fasting in the Middle Ages
Quantifying regional variation in the survival of cancer patients
Language development over the lifespan
"We are entering a new era of leisure. Quality rather than quantity is now the focus of researchers, policymakers and managers. Technological change, an ageing population and a harsh economic climate are changing the values and practices of leisure, as well as the relationship between leisure, society and the individual. Contemporary Perspectives in Leisure uses a variety of disciplinary approaches to introduce the most important trends in contemporary leisure in the Twenty-First Century. With contributions from some of the leading international figures in modern leisure studies, the book examines key philosophical and theoretical debates around leisure, with reference to concepts such as happiness, enjoyment and quality of life, as well as the most interesting contemporary themes in leisure studies, from youth leisure and 'dark' leisure to technology and adventure. Understanding changes in leisure helps us to better understand changes in wider society. Contemporary Perspectives in Leisure is a perfect companion to any course in leisure studies, and useful reading for any student or scholar working in sociology, cultural studies, recreation, tourism, sport, or social psychology"--
Revised life tables for Finland 1881-1990
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
The Vikings of Ribe
A clinical and health economical observational study of anti-tumor necrosis factor therapy in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis in Finland
Ecology and management of tef epilachna (Chnootriba similis Thunberg, Coleoptera, Coccinellidae) in Ethiopia
A Diderot pictorial encyclopedia of trades and industry. Volume two
Archaeology of the countryside in medieval Anatolia
Association of length of sleep with dietary intake and weight in the Kuopio ischaemic heart disease risk factor study
Habitat fragmentation, seasonality and predation affecting behaviour and survival of bank voles Myodes glareolus
