http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24164 conceptions of family
conceptions of family
Lives in motion : composing circles of self and community in Japan
Death in the Victorian family
Much research has been conducted in the field of utilising the media - television and radio in particular - to promote particular public health messages. However, a burgeoning canon has examined how mass media can play a role in affecting change in fertility preferences and outcomes. In this paper we review these researches which have primarily focussed upon higher fertility settings. The impact of mass media presentation of families and children in low fertility settings has not yet been subject to rigorous sociological investigation so its impact can not be accurately inferred. However, given the pervasive nature of mass media and celebrity culture, we suggest that this is an important avenue for future research. We conclude that television plays a multi-faceted role in shaping individuals decision-making procedures concerning both demographic events and public health interactions. To illustrate this, we present a model which demonstrates a sliding scale of intent - but not impact - of various genres in order to understand the actual role of the media in shaping attitudes towards family size - either explicitly in terms of edutainment or implicitly as a forms of normalization. .
Ada : or Ardor: a family chronicle
The conceptions of care among family caregivers of persons living with HIV/AIDS in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
A test of family attitudes
Reunion in Barsaloi
Coercive control : the entrapment of women in personal life
Yupik transitions : change and survival at Bering Strait, 1900-1960
Human development across lives and generations : the potential for change
Disability and social integration : constructions of childhood impairments in thirteenth- and fourteenth-century canonisation processes
A cultural history of food. Vol. 2, In the medieval age
Cultural images of a good mother and a good father in three generations
Perceptions of health and utilization of health care services among adolescents of immigrant Ethiopian families living in Finland
The relational self, the social bond and the dynamics of personal relationships : a sociological analysis
Television and Fertility
Religion, morality and the person : essays on Tallensi religion
Home-school connections in a multicultural society : learning from and with culturally and linguistically diverse families
Transnational adoption in China and flexible citizenship : China's one-child policy, transnational adoption and the rise of flexible kinship systems
Home and family in Japan : continuity and transformation
The family : a world history
More people to love me
The marriage-go-round : the state of marriage and the family in America today
South Korea under compressed modernity : familial political economy in transition
The lost children : reconstructing Europe's families after World War II
Kerala Brahmins in transition : a study of a Nampūtiri family
American blood : the ends of the family in American literature, 1850-1900
Inside the family
"We evolved to eat berries rather than bagels, to live in mud huts rather than condos, to sprint barefoot rather than play football - or did we? Are our bodies and brains truly at odds with modern life? Although it may seem as though we have barely had time to shed our hunter-gatherer legacy, biologist Marlene Zuk reveals that the story is not so simple. Popular theories about how our ancestors lived - and why we should emulate them - are often based on speculation, not scientific evidence. Armed with a razor-sharp wit and brilliant, eye-opening research, Zuk takes us to the cutting edge of biology to show that evolution can work much faster than was previously realized, meaning that we are not biologically the same as our caveman ancestors. Contrary to what the glossy magazines would have us believe, we do not enjoy potato chips because they crunch just like the insects our forebears snacked on. And women don't go into shoe-shopping frenzies because their prehistoric foremothers gathered resources for their clans. As Zuk compellingly argues, such beliefs incorrectly assume that we're stuck - finished evolving - and have been for tens of thousands of years. She draws on fascinating evidence that examines everything from adults' ability to drink milk to the texture of our ear wax to show that we've actually never stopped evolving. Our nostalgic visions of an ideal evolutionary past in which we ate, lived, and reproduced as we were 'meant to' fail to recognize that we were never perfectly suited to our environment. Evolution is about change, and every organism is full of trade-offs. From debunking the caveman diet to unraveling gender stereotypes, Zuk delivers an engrossing analysis of widespread paleofantasies and the scientific evidence that undermines them, all the while broadening our understanding of our origins and what they can really tell us about our present and our future." -- (W. W. Norton & Company)
Responsible fatherhood : a narrative approach
The politics and policies of reproductive agency
Motherhood and infertility in Ireland : understanding the presence of absence
Paleofantasy : what evolution really tells us about sex, diet, and how we live
A cultural history of food. Vol. 3, In the Renaissance
The complexity of food-related activities in a household context : study of Finnish homemakers' food choices and nutrition knowledge
Neighborhood shopkeepers in contemporary South Korea : household, work, and locality
A cultural history of food. vol. 1, In antiquity
Kieli oppimisessa = Language in learning
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
The family : its organization and disorganization
Rethinking children and families : the relationship between childhood, families and the state
Contemporary theories about the family : general theories/theoretical orientations. Vol. 2
Radical relations : lesbian mothers, gay fathers, and their children in the United States since World War II
