http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24130 authentication
authentication
Basic course
In modern networks, two elements are paramount in implementing highly available and reliable network infrastructures: redundancy and security. Redundancy ensures that the network can operate uninterruptedly even if a link or core networking device should fail, whereas, security guarantees that no malware, unintentionally installed or purposely distributed, can cause havoc in the network. Especially in a hospital network, these principles are emphasized. In the hospital, critical devices rely on network connectivity, so it is evident that no connection fails can be allowed. Further, the increasingly growing user base and the elevated risks that relate to administering large user groups, place new challenges on security requirements. The purpose of this thesis is to introduce redundancy and security solutions that are deployed in a hospital network. This thesis attempts to demonstrate how redundancy and security are achieved at the access layer of the network. The main focus in this thesis will be on deploying a network redundancy protocol to provide fault tolerance, and configuring client authentication to determine who can access the private network. In addition, the thesis will outline the design of the network and describe the device specifications that constitute the network infrastructure. Redundancy for end users is engineered by using vendor specific proprietary technology to form a grouping of four physical switches that then appear as one logical device. This allows a link between two members to fail, without causing downtime to end users. Security, on the other hand, is constructed upon a three-way installation, involving three parties: client, switch and server. Network access is strictly prohibited, meaning that the switch interface is in an unauthorized state, until a client successfully authenticates against the server database. The server performs the actual authentication process andthen informs the switch whether to grant access or not. The network redundancy protocol deployment was successfully implemented according to the original plan. However, the security installation did not meet its initial objectives. In summary, the connection becomes silently discarded and the authentication fails, disallowing access to the network. Despite extensive efforts, this issue still remains unsolved and requires further investigation.
Integrating external authentication service in Viope Solutions Oy's web  platform
Computer forensics and cyber crime : an introduction
Philosophical perspectives. 7, Language and logic
Testimony : a philosophical study
Improving and distributing key management on mobile networks
Security without obscurity : a guide to confidentiality, authentication, and integrity
Phenolic compounds in the berries of the selected Vaccinium species : the potential for authenticity analyses
Attributing old master paintings is one of the most difficult tasks of the art historian. Moreover, the stakes can be high, especially when the painting in question might be that of a famous master. The difference in price between an authentic old master painting and a work 'in the manner of' a well-known painter can add up to several million dollars. The fingerprint of an Old Master discusses issues regarding attribution of Dutch and Flemish paintings of the seventeent-century. Rembrandt's David and Jonathan (Hermitage, St. Petersburg), de-attributed by the Rembrandt Research Project in 1989, provides an unique oppurtunity to compare seventeenth- and twentieth-century conoisseurship. An analysis of the painting based on terms of seventeenth-century art theory shows that the painting must have been successful according to contemporary standards of appreciation, that is, worthy of carrying Rembrandt's name.
"The traditional view of information security includes three cornerstones: confidentiality, integrity, and availability, also known as the CIA of information security. As the field has become more complex, both novices and professionals with years of experience need a good reference book outlining the basics. Rather than focusing on compliance or policies and procedures, this book takes a top-down approach. Providing insight from the author's experience developing dozens of standards, the book starts with the fundamentals to bridge the understanding gaps--approaching information security from the bedrock principles of CIA. "--
Access and identity management for libraries : controlling access to online information
The kraken and the colossal octopus : in the wake of sea-monsters
Authorized authentication evaluation framework for constrained environments
Network redundancy and security protocol deployment in T2-hospital
Web-based platform for identifying learning styles
Managing users in social networking sites
The eye of the connoisseur : authenticating paintings by Rembrandt and his contemporaries
Recommended operating procedures for sampling and analysing in the verification of chemical disarmament
Network forensics : tracking hackers through cyberspace
Principles of philosophical reasoning
Elements of computer security
Business value creation and stakeholder expectation management as tools for better business relationships : Case Study: TeliaSonera AB, Enterprise Systems
Implementation of a server with data management and version control in an expert organization
