http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24150 multicultural marriage
multicultural marriage intercultural marriage
Hybridity and its discontents : politics, science, culture
Confounding the color line : the Indian-Black experience in North America
Tripping on the color line : black-white multiracial families in a racially divided world
Love ain't got no color? : attitude toward interracial marriage in Sweden
Latvian women in the Finnish Latvian family association : migration experiences and association participation
Social scientists claim that we now live in a post-race society, where race has been replaced by 'ethnicity'. Yet racism is endemic to British society and people often think in terms of black and white. With a marked rise in the number of children from mixed parentage, there is an urgent need to challenge simplistic understandings of 'race', nation and culture, and interrogate what it means to grow up in Britain and claim a 'mixed' identity. Focusing on mixed-race and inter-ethnic families, this book not only explores current understandings of 'race', but it shows, using innovative research techniques with children, how we come to read race. What influence do photographs and television have on childrens ideas about 'race'? How do children use memories and stories to talk about racial differences within their own families? How important is the home and domestic culture in achieving a sense of belonging? Ali also considers, through data gathered from teachers and parents, broader issues relating to the effectiveness of anti-racist and multicultural teaching in schools, and parental concerns over the social mobility and social acceptability of their children. Rigorously researched, this book is the first to combine childrens accounts on 'race' and identity with contemporary cultural theory. Using fascinating case studies, it fills a major gap in this area and provides an original approach to writing on race.
Interracial families : current concepts and controversies
The Finnish Lutheran-Orthodox dialogue 1989 and 1990
Migration and marriage : heterogamy and homogamy in a changing world
Of many colors : portraits of multiracial families
Inappropriate relationships : the unconventional, the disapproved & the forbidden
Gentile impurities and Jewish identities : intermarriage and conversion from the Bible to the Talmud
The Chester books of madrigals. 2, Love and marriage
Race mixing : Southern fiction since the Sixties
Black, Jewish, and interracial : it's not the color of your skin, but the race of your kin, & other myths of identity
Race mixing : black-white marriage in postwar America
Racism, misogyny, and the Othello myth : inter-racial couples from Shakespeare to Spike Lee
Summary: Understanding the other - role expectations as competing values in multicultural families.
Peranakan Indians of Singapore and Melaka : Indian Babas and Nonyas--Chitty Melaka
The Color of Water tells the remarkable story of Ruth McBride Jordan, the two good men she married, and the 12 good children she raised. Jordan, born Rachel Shilsky, a Polish Jew, immigrated to America soon after birth; as an adult she moved to New York City, leaving her family and faith behind in Virginia. Jordan met and married a black man, making her isolation even more profound. The book is a success story, a testament to one woman's true heart, solid values, and indomitable will. Ruth Jordan battled not only racism but also poverty to raise her children and, despite being sorely tested, never wavered. In telling her story--along with her son's--The Color of Water addresses racial identity with compassion, insight, and realism. It is, in a word, inspiring, and you will finish it with unalloyed admiration for a flawed but remarkable individual. And, perhaps, a little more faith in us all.
Interracial intimacy : the regulation of race & romance
Measuring acceptance? : intermarriage levels as an indicator of tolerance in the Finnish context of integration
Intercultural couples : exploring diversity in intimate relationships
Cross-cultural marriage : identity and choice
Interracialism : black-white intermarriage in American history, literature, and law
The color of water : a black man's tribute to his white mother
Interfaith marriage is on the rise in America, from 15% of all marriages in 1988 to 36% in 2010. This is true in every region of the country, for people at every income and educational level, and across religious traditions: evangelicals, Jews, Muslims, Mormons, Catholics, and others are increasingly marrying outside the faith. On the surface, this looks like another triumph of the American melting pot. But that is only part of the story. As Wall Street Journal veteran Naomi Schaefer Riley shows in this provocative book, interfaith marriages are often fraught with peril. People often marry at a time when they have drifted away from their religious roots, and it may seem as if the only relevant question is who will officiate at the wedding. But once couples are married, and especially after they have kids, religious questions reassert themselves. Should we donate to the church? How do we handle holidays? How will we raise the kids? Do we take them to services? Send them to religious schools? These questions, and many others, increase marital tension. Indeed, as Riley shows, interfaith couples report lower levels of marital satisfaction than same-faith couples. Yet, while an overwhelming majority of Americans claims that religion is important to them, interfaith couples rarely discuss these issues before the wedding. Indeed, many equate religion, the source of their most deeply-held values, with the skin-deep matter of race, believing it bigoted to emphasize shared religious values. As a result, they are often woefully unprepared for the challenges of interfaith marriage. Drawing on a groundbreaking new national survey of 2,500 Americans and extensive interviews with couples, religious leaders, and marriage counselors, Riley offers readers an intimate look at this sensitive topic that will shape faith and marriage in America for generations to come.
Beloved strangers : interfaith families in nineteenth-century America
Once upon a time in England
'Til faith do us part : how interfaith marriage is transforming America
The popular imagination of marriage migration has been influenced by stories of marriage of convenience, of forced marriage, trafficking and of so-called mail-order brides. This book presents a uniquely global view of an expanding field that challenges these and other stereotypes of cross-border marriage.
Global marriage : cross-border marriage and marriage migration in context
Keeping faith : Muslim-Christian couples and interreligious dialogue
Pluralism in the Middle Ages : hybrid identities, conversion, and mixed marriages in medieval Iberia
Romance on a global stage : pen pals, virtual ethnography, and "mail-order" marriages
Crossing the color line : race, parenting, and culture
Conversion, intermarriage, and Jewish identity
Mixed-race, post-race : gender, new ethnicities, and cultural practices
"Questions of conversion have been amongst the most fraught issues on the internal Jewish agenda in Israel, the United States, and elsewhere. This monograph represents the first collection of essays and articles by leading scholars and rabbis on the topics of intermarriage, conversion, and Jewish identity"--
Cross-border marriages : gender and mobility in transnational Asia
