http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2415 happiness (phenomena)
happiness (phenomena)
According to an ancient and still popular view - sometimes known as 'eudaimonism' - a person's well-being, or quality of life, is ultimately determined by his or her level of happiness. According to this view, the happier a person is, the better off he is. The doctrine is controversial in part because the nature of happiness is controversial. In What Is This Thing Called Happiness? Fred Feldman presents a study of the nature and value of happiness. Part One containscritical discussions of the main philosophical and psychological theories of happiness. Feldman presents arguments designed to show that each of these theories is problematic. Part Two contains his presentation and defense of his own theory of happiness, which is a form of attitudinal hedonism. On this view,a person's level of happiness may be identified with the extent to which he or she takes pleasure in things. Feldman shows that if we understand happiness as he proposes, it becomes reasonable to suppose that a person's well-being is determined by his or her level of happiness. This view has important implications not only for moral philosophy, but also for the emerging field of hedonic psychology. Part Three contains discussions of some interactions between the proposed theory of happinessand empirical research into happiness.
Happiness : understandings, narratives and discourses
Happiness : cognition, experience, language
How harmful is happiness? : consequences of enjoying life or not
Unfortunately
Mourning happiness : narrative and the politics of modernity
The nature of happiness
'How The Secret Changed My Life' presents a selection of the most heartwarming and moving stories in one inspirational volume. Each story provides an authentic, real-life illustration of the pathway that leads to success in every area of life: money, health, relationships, love, family, and career.
The myths of happiness : what should make you happy but doesn't, what shouldn't make you happy but does
The conquest of happiness
A brief history of happiness
Felicity
As luck would have it : incredible stories from lottery wins to lightning strikes
Happiness : unlocking the mysteries of psychological wealth
I love you, little monster
Happiness, ethics and economics
Theological perspectives for life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness : public intellectuals for the twenty-first century
A man who has spent his life making money, but who cannot find happiness, learns some valuable lessons from unlikely sources.
Happiness : a very short introduction
The Promise of Happiness is a provocative cultural critique of the imperative to be happy. It asks what follows when we make our desires and even our own happiness conditional on the happiness of others: “I just want you to be happy”; "I'm happy if you're happy." Combining philosophy and feminist cultural studies, Sara Ahmed reveals the affective and moral work performed by the “happiness duty,” the expectation that we will be made happy by taking part in that which is deemed good, and that by being happy ourselves, we will make others happy. Ahmed maintains that happiness is a promise that directs us toward certain life choices and away from others. Happiness is promised to those willing to live their lives in the right way. Ahmed draws on the intellectual history of happiness, from classical accounts of ethics as the good life, through seventeenth-century writings on affect and the passions, eighteenth-century debates on virtue and education, and nineteenth-century utilitarianism. She engages with feminist, antiracist, and queer critics who have shown how happiness is used to justify social oppression, and how challenging oppression causes unhappiness. Reading novels and films including Mrs. Dalloway, The Well of Loneliness, Bend It Like Beckham, and Children of Men, Ahmed considers the plight of the figures who challenge and are challenged by the attribution of happiness to particular objects or social ideals: the feminist killjoy, the unhappy queer, the angry black woman, and the melancholic migrant. Through her readings she raises critical questions about the moral order imposed by the injunction to be happy.
Capabilities and happiness
The phantom of chance : from fortune to randomness in seventeenth-century French literature
Strangers on the shore : the Beatitudes in world religions
Essays on investment decisions of households across the wealth spectrum
Ethics and eventfulness in Middle English literature
Enjoyment : the moral significance of styles of life
Justice, luck, and knowledge
Turbulent times, prophetic dreams : art from Israeli and Palestinian children
Happiness is a warm gun?
You will find a fortune but not the fortune you seek : on income and happiness
Understanding happiness : a critical review of positive psychology
Fortune's wheel : Dickens and the iconography of women's time
The urban monk : Eastern wisdom and modern hacks to stop time and find success, happiness, and peace
The happiness hypothesis : finding modern truth in ancient wisdom
Stumbling on happiness
Fortune and the cursed : the sliding scale of time in Mongolian divination
Sessions. 2003/04/04, Stupido Twins
The 7 myths about love ... actually! : the jouney from your head to the heart of your soul
Born to trouble
Lohikäärmeen vuosi : Kiinan dynastioiden taidetta = The year of the dragon : art from the Chinese dynasties
Live as you wish and ruin your life : Haybron on unhappiness and well-being
Onni Mansnerus 1906-1980 : pitkin tuulista tietä = along the windy road = le long du chemin venteux
The princess and the white bear king
The folding knife
The rough guide to happiness : [practical steps for all-round well-being]
The happiness illusion : how the media sold us a fairytale
A brief history of thought : a philosophical guide to living
Balancing the big stuff : finding happiness in work, family, and life
The dark flood rises
The philosophy of luck
Leaving footprints in the taiga : luck, spirits and ambivalence among the Siberian Orochen reindeer herders and hunters
The pursuit of happiness : a history from the Greeks to the present
How the secret changed my life : real people, real stories
The success equation : untangling skill and luck in business, sports, and investing
Enough
The difficult good : a Thomistic approach to moral conflict and human happiness
How to have a Big Life : sharing simple secrets of success
How The Secret changed my life : real people, real stories
Given the constant public attention to the current challenges facing the U.S. as a nation and a people, this book embraces and enacts the moral, social, and political responsibility of academics to serve as public intellectuals, i.e. to upbuild and enhance the society which we inherit, in which we live, and which we envision for the future. Mostly theologians and ethicists, the authors explore new meanings of "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness" in an attempt to reconceptualize the meaning of key virtues and values that defined the basic founding self-understanding of the American people. Some of the essays address issues around globalization, racism, ethnoracism, immigration, poverty, militarism, gender, sexuality and connect these issues with their implications for the meaning of "life, liberty, and...happiness." Others focus on these values themselves and their implications for public life. The logic of these essays is inspired by some of mujerista theologian Ada Maria Isasi-Diaz's characteristic convictions: the crucial role of learning from the experiences of others, especially disempowered groups, involved in la lucha or the struggle for justice; the centrality of lo cotidiano or the everyday for innovative epistemologies and ethics, or ways of knowing and living; and, the testimony of her life to the significance of fuerzas para la lucha or God-given strength for the struggle. Rather than wield religion as a weapon or a ruse in irrational appeals, the book attempts to reimagine a shared American mythos and ethos, by reminding us of our shared stake in creating an America committed to the life of all peoples and species, to the full developments of our capabilities as an exercise of liberty, and to the happiness that true solidarity can bring as we are and become a people for the common good. -- Review: "Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness - what's not to love? Sadly, much hate has been enacted under the auspices of these American ideals. But that's only one side of the stories you will read here. Their other side is about the hunger for life and the struggle for elemental freedom going on everywhere in America - indeed, everywhere in the world - beyond the lonely domain of the 1%. Listening deeply to these stories, these authors articulate a vision of happiness that's both eminently possible and urgently needed." - Kathleen Sands, Associate Professor of American Studies, University of Hawai'i at Manoa, USA 'A highly engaging and provocative series of reflections from a stellar group of theologian-activists on the state of our American creed. The volume powerfully captures the urgency of retrieving core American values from the racism, militarism, and economic injustices that eviscerate their moral power. It is a wonderful testimony to the spirit and legacy of Ada Maria Isasi-Diaz.' - Linell Cady, Professor of Religious Studies and Director of the Center for the Study of Religion and Conflict, Arizona State University, USA
Postikortti suhteessa kulttuurisiin tapoihin = Postcards and cultural rituals
The psychology of happiness : a good human life
The geography of bliss : one grump's search for the happiest places in the world
Flourish : a new understanding of happiness and well-being - and how to achieve them
Night and day
The science of happily ever after : what really matters in the quest for enduring love
Foreign, Gods, Inc
Curious? : discover the missing ingredient to a fulfilling life
Even happier : a gratitude journal for daily joy and lasting fulfillment
The big leap : conquer your hidden fear and take life to the next level
Life, Liberty and the pursuit of utility : happiness in philosophical and economic thought
Finding happiness : monastic steps for fulfilling life
Every last one : a novel
Happier : can you learn to be happy?
What is this thing called happiness?
Critical perspectives in happiness research : the birth of modern happiness
The norm chronicles : stories and numbers about danger
Too much happiness
A collection of poems explores the mysterious landscape of the human heart, describing the meaning and wonder of loving another person.
Summary.
Happiness and the Christian moral life : an introduction to Christian ethics
Madonna : Onni Okkosen Eurooppalainen kokoelma = the European collection of Onni Okkonen / [toimittanut: Eino Nieminen]
Lyubomirsky isolates the major turning points of adult life, looking to both achievements and failures to reveal that our misconceptions about the impact of such events is perhaps the greatest threat to our long-term well-being.
Happiness is overrated
The happiness hypothesis : putting ancient wisdom and philosophy to the test of modern science
The promotion of general happiness : a utilitarian essay
The pursuit of unhappiness : the elusive psychology of well-being
Foreign good luck symbols in our postcards
Psychology and the Promethean will : a constructive study of the acute common problem of education, medicine and religion
The promise of happiness
The thing about luck
The pursuit of happiness : why are we driving ourselves crazy and how can we stop?
The wheel of fortune
Applied positive psychology : improving everyday life, health, schools, work, and society
Judy Moody and the bad luck charm
Civil happiness : economics and human flourishing in historical perspective
A guide to the good life : the ancient art of Stoic joy
