http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2418 success
success
The birth and success of new firms in a changing environment
Million dollar habits : practical, proven power practices to double and triple your income
Antifragile : things that gain from disorder
Life strategies : doing what works, doing what matters
The 100 absolutely unbreakable laws of business success
The 7 habits of highly effective people personal workbook
The innovator's dilemma : when new technologies cause great firms to fail
Decision-making : a study of relationships between decision-making and success in some selected firms in Kenya
Show your work! : 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered
The analysis of binary data
Brilliant interview : what employers want to hear and how to say it
Success is a choice : ten steps to overachieving in business and life
How to win friends and influence people
Starting up your skilled trade business enterprise : EFQM 2010 : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
The idea in you : how to find it, build it, and change your life
The 7 habits of highly effective people
Mindset : the new psychology of success
Critical factors influencing international sporting success of the Philippines : the athletes' perspective
Don't get mad, get successful
The light touch : how to use humor for business success
Successful project management : a step-by-step approach with practical exambles
How to change your life : who am I and what should I do with my life?
Business opportunity discovery in small family firms
The Eureka principle : alternative thinking for personal and business success
Grit : the power of passion and perseverance
What is the quality of your management? : ISO 9004:2009 : self-assessment work book : what separetes successful from the average?
Winning : the answers : confronting 74 of the toughest questions in business today
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
The book of business awesome : how engaging your customers and employees can make your business thrive
The barefoot executive : the ultimate guide to being your own boss and achieving financial freedom
Say what you mean and get what you want : how to speak the language of success
37 questions everyone in business needs to answer
Differences in organizational cultures : a challenge for IT projects
The Jackrabbit factor : why you can
Management quality and competitiveness : lessons from the industrial excellence award
Bounce : Mozart, Federer, Picasso, Beckham and the science of success
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
7 skills that will catapult your career
Elephant in the room : how relationships make or break the success of leaders and organizations
Better, stronger, faster  : build it, scale it flog it : the entrepreneur's step-by-step guide ot success in business
Who owns the ice house? : eight life lessons from an unlikely entrepreneur
Behind closed doors
A process-based approach to effective management : ISO 9001 : self-assessment work book : 57 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Skills for success
Focus : the hidden driver of excellence
From bags to blenders : The Journey of a Yorkshire Businessman
Business Analysis of Ming Zhu Real Estate Development Co. Ltd.
The 80/20 principle : the secret of achieving more with less
Good to great : why some companies make the leap...and others don't
The happiness track : how to apply the science of happiness to accelerate your success
True proffessionalism : the courage to care about your people, your clients, and your career
Business wisdom : the Penguin book of
Originals : how non-conformists move the world
Just resumes : 200 powerful and proven successful resumes to get that job
The secret to success
""While the history books are filled with tales of obsessive visionary geniuses who remade the world in their image with sheer, almost irrational force, I've found that history is also made by individuals who fought their egos at every turn, who eschewed the spotlight, and who put their higher goals above their desire for recognition." --from the prologue"--
Strategic thinking
How to win friends & influence people
The 50th law
Planning for success on the job
Ego is the enemy
High performance companies : successful strategies from the world's top achievers
Top workers' virtues and strengths
Unlabel : selling you without selling out
"In today's volatile business landscape, adaptability and creativity are more crucial than ever. It is no longer possible-or even desirable-to learn one set of job skills and to work your way up the ladder. At the same time, entrepreneurs with great ideas for new products or technologies that could change the world often struggle to capture the attention of venture capital firms and incubators; finding the funding necessary to launch a start-up can feel impossible. The business leaders of our future must anticipate change to create their own opportunities for personal satisfaction and professional success. In Disrupt You!, Jay Samit, a digital media expert who has launched, grown, and sold start-ups and Fortune 500 companies alike, describes the unique method he has used to invent new markets and expand established businesses.  Samit has been at the helm of businesses in the ecommerce, digital video, social media, mobile communications, and software industries, helping to navigate them through turbulent economic times and guide them through necessary transformation so that they stay ahead of the curve. In Disrupt You!, he reveals how specific strategies that help companies flourish can be applied at an individual level to help anyone can achieve success and lasting prosperity-without needing to raise funds from outside investors.  Incorporating stories from his own experience and anecdotes from other innovators and disruptive businesses-including Richard Branson, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, YouTube, Circ du Soleil, Odor Eaters, Iams, Silly Putty, and many more-Samit shows how personal transformation can reap entrepreneurial and professional rewards. Disrupt You! offers clear and empowering advice for anyone looking to break through; for anyone with a big idea but with no idea how to apply it; and for anyone worried about being made irrelevant in an era of technological transformation. This engaging, perspective-shifting book demystifies the mechanics of disruption for individuals and businesses alike"
The hustle economy : transforming your creativity into a career
Data-book of happiness : a complementary reference work to 'Conditions of happiness' by the same author
Attributions of students' academic failure
Faces of politicians : babyfacedness predicts inferred competence but not electoral success
Creative confidence : unleashing the creative potential within us all
The urban monk : Eastern wisdom and modern hacks to stop time and find success, happiness, and peace
Samsung Electronics and the struggle for leadership of the electronics industry
Practice perfect : 42 rules for getting better at getting better
Smarter faster better : the secrets of productivity in life and business
Super chef : the making of the great modern restaurant empires
What makes a champion? : motorcycle world champions' recipe for success
Made in America : Self-styled success from Horatio Alger to Oprah Winfrey
The science of getting rich : the secret guide to financial success!
Recent research has documented that competent-looking political candidates do better in U.S. elections and that babyfaced individuals are generally perceived to be less competent than maturefaced individuals. Taken together, this suggests that babyfaced political candidates are perceived as less competent and therefore fare worse in elections. We test this hypothesis, making use of photograph-based judgments by 2,772 respondents of the facial appearance of 1,785 Finnish political candidates. Our results confirm that babyfacedness is negatively related to inferred competence in politics. Despite this, babyfacedness is either unrelated or positively related to electoral success, depending on the sample of candidates.
The international instant business plan book : 12 quick-and-easy steps to a profitable business
One small step can change your life : the kaizen way
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
Innovation in a reinvented world : 10 essential elements to succeed in the new world of business
Oh, the places you'll go!
The Circle
How to be a bad bitch
Brilliant NLP : what the most successful people know, do and say
How to live a good life : soulful stories, surprising science and practical wisdom
The Prestige
Scholars' secrets : how to get your A's
Managing processes in your professional service enterprise - EFQM 2010 : self-assessment work book
Focus : the future of your company depends on it
Left brain, right stuff : how leaders make winning decisions
The EFQM excellence model for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Serious money : how to make and enjoy it
How to get what you want and want what you have
"According to USA Today, fifty percent of today's college students want to be an entrepreneur. And the jobless recovery of our recent recession and the realities of our always-changing world mean that everyone now needs to think like an innovator. Small startups are displacing hundred-year-old companies virtually overnight. The business landscape is more volatile--and full of possibility--than ever. A serial entrepreneur who has been at the forefront of global trends for over thirty years, Jay Samit spent his career studying the system successful disruptors employ to achieve greatness. In Disrupt Yourself, he distills that process into steps that can be practiced by anyone. Virgin, Apple, Microsoft, and eBay were all founded by disruptors who questioned their assumptions, designed their own life paths, found ideas that solved big problems, and then pivoted their energies to do it all over again. Samit shows how he made a career launching businesses, selling them, and then reinventing himself to do it again and in Disrupt Yourself, he shows how others can do it too. With the practical insight of Marshall Goldsmith and the no-holds-barred style of Tim Ferriss, digital innovator Jay Samit shows how all successful entrepreneurs and business leaders maximize opportunity, drive change, and achieve resilience. This groundbreaking book is an essential guide for those yearning for professional success in an unstable world"--
Intrapreneurship : how to be an enterprising individual in a successful business
Takeover success prediction : European acquisitions between 1999 and 2008
5000-1 : the Leicester City story : hope and disbelief in the Premier League's greatest-ever season
A perennial favorite, Dr. Seuss's wonderfully wise graduation speech is the perfect send-off for children starting out in the world, be they nursery school, high school, or college grads! From soaring to high heights and seeing great sights to being left in a Lurch on a prickle-ly perch, Dr. Seuss addresses life's ups and downs with his trademark humorous verse and illustrations, while encouraging readers to find the success that lies within. In a starred review, Booklist notes: Seuss's message is simple but never sappy: life may be a 'Great Balancing Act,' but through it all 'There's fun to be done. (WorldCat)
One b1g thing : discovering what you were born to do
Tactics : the art and science of success
Remember who you are : life stories that inspire the heart and mind
How The Secret changed my life : real people, real stories
"A super practical guide to building a successful business byspending ninety minutes a day on the stuff that really matters Have you got a brilliant business idea, but not sure how to findthe time to start making it a reality? Or perhaps you have yourdream up and running but you need help to grow? Well, bestsellingcoach and entrepreneur, Nigel Botterill, is here to help. Nigel hasbuilt eight separate million pound+ businesses from scratchand won a shed full of awards in the process. No one knows betterthan him what it takes to build big businesses fast! In his newsuper practical book, Nigel will equip you with the tools to thinkbig, start small, grow fast and build a successful business in90-minute chunks! Yes, that's right, Nigel says if you dedicatejust 90 minutes a day -- that's just... 20% of your time-- working on getting and keeping customers (the stuff thatreally matters!) you can grow your small business and make it areal success. This principle has been one of the foundations ofNigel's entrepreneurial success and now he wants to share this withsmall businesses everywhere. Designed to be read in just 90 minutes A mixture of wisdom, teaching and success stories from Nigeland the entrepreneurs he has helped Learn from the super successful, multi-award winning smallbusiness guru with eight separate million pound+ businesses that hehas built and grown from scratch! "--
The Significance of Integrating Product Innovation in Increasing Business Competition
School differences and inequities in educational outcomes : PISA 2000 results of reading literacy in Finland
An unAmerican business : the rise of the new European enterprise
"One of the most provocative entrepreneurs of our time, who started Eckō Unltd out of his parents' garage and turned it into a media empire, Marc Eckō reveals his formula for building an authentic brand or business. Marc Eckō began his career by spray-painting t-shirts in the garage of his childhood home in suburban New Jersey. A graffiti artist with no connections and no fashion pedigree, he left the safety net of pharmacy school to start his own company. Armed with only hustle, sweat equity, and creativity, he flipped a $5,000 bag of cash into a global corporation now worth $500 million. Unlabel is a success story, but it's one that shares the bruises, scabs, and gut-wrenching mistakes that every entrepreneur must overcome to succeed. Through his personal prescription for success--the Authenticity Formula--Eckō recounts his many innovations and misadventures in his journey from misfit kid to the CEO. It wasn't a meteoric rise; in fact, it was a rollercoaster that dipped to the edge of bankruptcy and even to national notoriety, but this is an underdog story we can learn from: Ecko's doubling down on the core principles of the brand and his formula for action over talk are all lessons for today's entrepreneurs. Ecko offers a brash message with his inspirational story: embrace pain, take risks, and be yourself. Unlabel demonstrates that, like or not, you are a brand and it's up you to take control of it and create something authentic. Unlabel is a groundbreaking guide to channeling your creativity, finding the courage to defy convention, and summoning the confidence to act and be competitive in any environment"--
The science of success : how to attract prosperity and create harmonic wealth through proven principles
Measuring music artist success
After success : fin-de-siècle anxiety and identity
Leave no doubt : a credo for chasing your dreams
The oligarch's wife
Be quick--but don't hurry : learning success from the teachings of a lifetime
Don't eat the marshmallow...yet! : the secret to sweet success in work and life
How hits happen : forecasting predictability in a chaotic marketplace
Assessing the resource usage decisions and financial performance in Finnish sawmills within the resource-based view framework
The rule breaker's book of business
Olympic success : a cross-national perspective
Confidence : overcoming low self-esteem, insecurity, and self-doubt
Essays on managerial myopia and subject positions in companies with different governance structures
The six fundamentals of success : the rules for getting it right for yourself and your organization
Executive coach and psychologist Marshall Goldsmith discusses the emotional triggers that set off a reaction or a behavior in us that often works to our detriment. Do you find that at times you suddenly become defensive or enraged by an idle comment from a colleague? Or that your temper rises when another car cuts you off in traffic? Your reactions don't occur in a vacuum. They are the result of emotional and psychological triggers that often happen only in specific settings -- at meetings, or in competitive situations, or with a specific person who rubs you the wrong way, or when you feel under particular pressure. Being able to recognize those triggers and understand how the environment affects our behavior is key to controlling our responses and managing others at work and in life. Make no mistake -- change is hard. And the starting point is the willingness to accept help, and the desire to change. Over the course of this book, Marshall explores the power of active questions to get us to take responsibility for our actions -- and our failure to act. Questions such as "Did I do my best to make progress toward my goal?" "Did I work hard at being fully engaged?" He discusses the importance of structure in effecting permanent change. Because, he points out, change is hard, and without a structure to keep us on track, we inevitably relapse and fall back. Filled with stories from Marshall's work with executives and leaders, Triggers shows readers how to achieve meaningful and sustained change that will allow us to open our imaginations and escape the rigidity of binary thinking.
The lean startup : how today's entrepreneurs use continuous innovation to create radically successful businesses
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
The compound effect : multiplying your success : one simple step at a time
Sport success and the type of culture
Brisk attitude and optimism : top workers' childhood experiences forming the basis of success at work
Selling the invisible : a field guide to modern marketing
Role and practices of marketing in SMEs
Branding People
Masters of success : proven techniques for achieving success in business and life
Brilliant marketing  : what the best marketers know, do and say
Sugar and spice
Establishing a Small Enterprise in Varkaus and Factors behind Success  and Failure of Small Businesses
Trump : the art of the deal
Companies don't succeed - people do! : ideas to create profits through people
Mastery
The big leap : conquer your hidden fear and take life to the next level
Breaking the sound barriers : 9 deaf success stories
12 strategies for succes : ordinary people achieving extraordinary results by applying simple success strategies
Paths to power : how insiders and outsiders shaped American business leadership
Hug your customers : the proven way to personalize sales and achieve astounding results
The looks of a winner : beauty, gender and electoral success
The entrepreneur : twenty-one golden rules for the global business manager
Play to win! : choosing growth over fear in work and life
Starting up your professional service enterprise : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Characteristics of innovative, high growth and highly successful SMEs
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
Family business founder : a literature review
Does success at work produce well-being and happiness or vice versa?
Indoctrination, communicative teaching and recognition : studies in critical theory and democracy in education
Motivate to win
Luckiest girl alive : a novel
The growing business handbook : inspiration & advice from successful entrepreneurs & fast growing UK companies
Fanatical prospecting : the ultimate guide for starting sales conversations and filling the pipeline by leveraging social selling, telephone, e-mail, and cold calling
The myths of creativity : the truth about how innovative companies and people generate great ideas
The triple package : what really determines success
Thriving on Chaos : Handbook for Management Revolution
Built to last
Go it alone : the secret to building a successful business on your own
Disrupt you! : master personal transformation, seize opportunity, and thrive in the era of endless innovation
Simply a great manager : the 15 fundamentals of being a successful manager
We are not ourselves : a novel
"In this must-read book for anyone striving to succeed, pioneering psychologist Angela Duckworth shows parents, educators, athletes, students, and business people--both seasoned and new--that the secret to outstanding achievement is not talent but a focused persistence called "grit."  Why do some people succeed and others fail? Sharing new insights from her landmark research on grit, MacArthur "genius" Angela Duckworth explains why talent is hardly a guarantor of success. Rather, other factors can be even more crucial such as identifying our passions and following through on our commitments.  Drawing on her own powerful story as the daughter of a scientist who frequently bemoaned her lack of smarts, Duckworth describes her winding path through teaching, business consulting, and neuroscience, which led to the hypothesis that what really drives success is not "genius" but a special blend of passion and long-term perseverance. As a professor at the University of Pennsylvania, Duckworth created her own "character lab" and set out to test her theory.  Here, she takes readers into the field to visit teachers working in some of the toughest schools, cadets struggling through their first days at West Point, and young finalists in the National Spelling Bee. She also mines fascinating insights from history and shows what can be gleaned from modern experiments in peak performance. Finally, she shares what she's learned from interviewing dozens of high achievers--from JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon to the cartoon editor of The New Yorker to Seattle Seahawks Coach Pete Carroll.  Winningly personal, insightful, and even life-changing, Grit is a book about what goes through your head when you fall down, and how that--not talent or luck--makes all the difference"--
Power selling : seven strategies for cracking the sales code
Bull’s eye : the power of focus
"A guide not just for overcoming the obstacles that hold us back-but for using them for great benefit   The great Athenian orator Demosthenes was born with a crippling speech impediment and was robbed of his inheritance by cruel guardians. Samuel Zemurray was a poor roadside fruit peddler pitted against the behemoth United Fruit Company. Ulysses S. Grant found himself stuck across the Mississippi river, desperately trying to break into the impenetrable fortress of Vicksburg.  These icons and many others throughout history-from John D. Rockefeller to Amelia Earhart to Richard Wright to Steve Jobs-were often placed in nearly impossible situations that turned out to be the platforms for astounding triumphs. They were not exceptionally brilliant, lucky, or gifted. Their success in overcoming extreme obstacles was the result of a timeless set of philosophical principles that great men and women have always followed.  Now Ryan Holiday unpacks those lessons and reframes them for today's world, building on the wisdom of the ancient Stoics and a rich trove of examples. He shows us how to turn obstacles into advantages, through controlling our perceptions, swift and energetic action, and true force of will"--
Finland as a knowledge economy : elements of success and lessons learned : overview
Competitive strategies applied by Finnish timber carriers following deregulation
The EFQM excellence model for public organisations : self-assesment work book : what separates the successfull from the avarage?
What about me? : the struggle for identity in a market-based society
Build your business in 90 minutes a day
If you're not first, you're last : sales strategies to dominate your market and beat your competition
Attitude 101 : what every leader needs to know
""While the history books are filled with tales of obsessive visionary geniuses who remade the world in their image with sheer, almost irrational force, I've found that history is also made by individuals who fought their egos at every turn, who eschewed the spotlight, and who put their higher goals above their desire for recognition." --from the prologue   Many of us insist the main impediment to a full, successful life is the outside world. In fact, the most common enemy lies within: our ego. Early in our careers, it impedes learning and the cultivation of talent. With success, it can blind us to our faults and sow future problems. In failure, it magnifies each blow and makes recovery more difficult. At every stage, ego holds us back.  Ego Is the Enemy draws on a vast array of stories and examples, from literature to philosophy to his&shy;tory. We meet fascinating figures such as George Marshall, Jackie Robinson, Katharine Graham, Bill Belichick, and Eleanor Roosevelt, who all reached the highest levels of power and success by con&shy;quering their own egos. Their strategies and tactics can be ours as well.  In an era that glorifies social media, reality TV, and other forms of shameless self-promotion, the battle against ego must be fought on many fronts. Armed with the lessons in this book, as Holiday writes, "you will be less invested in the story you tell about your own specialness, and as a result, you will be liberated to accomplish the world-changing work you've set out to achieve.""--
The obstacle is the way : the ancient art of turning adversity to advantage
Those who leave and those who stay
Understanding and managing customers
Simpleology : the simple science of getting what you want
If you're so smart why aren't you happy : how to turn career success into life success
The careerist : over 100 ways to get ahead at work
Find your extraordinary : dream bigger, live happier, and achieve success on your own terms
The ultimate book of business breakthroughs : lessons from the 20 greatest business decisions ever made
Fish! For life : a remarkable way to achieve your dreams
Change one thing! : make one change and embrace a happier, more successful you
The four-leaf clover of human resources /c Kaarina Määttä and Satu Uusiautti
Relationships among strategic alliance factors and strategic alliance success
Motivate to win : how to motivate yourself and others
A Joosr guide to how to win friends and influence people by Dale Carnegie
Perspectives to success in industrial marketing context
"A guide to overcoming adversity by drawing on the wisdom of the ancient Stoics"--
The rules of work : a definitive code for personal success
#AskGaryVee : one entrepreneur's take on leadership, social media & self-awareness
Think and grow rich
The magic of thinking big
Collaborate : the art of we
Intelligence and socioeconomic success : a study of correlations, causes and consequences
Triggers : sparking positive change and making it last
Against the gods : the remarkable story of risk
