http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24123 completeness
completeness
Fuzzy coherence : making sense of continuity in hypertext narratives
Wholeness in hope care : on nurtering the beauty of the human soul in spiritual healing
The main objective of this research study was to design and deploy an effective and CRM package tool for UNU-WIDER's to manage their external and internal communications through CiviCRM web-based database platform.     The overall process in this research study involved import relevant contact information data from Microsoft Access Database into CiviCRM. This process of data importation also entails investigation on how to implement an effective data migration strategy and how quality can be maintained during the process of data migration testing. The study was limited to working with two modules activities within CiviCRM (CiviMail and CiviEvent).     The research methods for this thesis was qualitative, while empirical part was carried out as a single case study at the United Nations University World Institute for Development Economics Research (UNU-WIDER) in Helsinki, Finland, where design and deploy of CRM was executed successfully and modules of CiviMail and CiviEvent were proved to be helpful in enhanced mass email capabilities.     The empirical part in this study was also involve in creating a profile form in which recipients would have access to be able to update their own profile through CRM web-based. This thesis could be useful for those interested in data migration from Microsoft Access database into CiviCRM web-based platform and reader who is interested in issues related to data migration testing.     Therefore, the primary objectives of this research study to implement data migration and create profile form were both accomplished within the timeframe outlined in the research plan.
Designing and deploying of Contact Relationship Management (CiviCRM database) : case study: United Nations University-WIDER
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis is to explain what brand integrity (BI) is, brand owners awareness of it and why is it essential part of doing business in today's global markets. This thesis will explain the consequences of counterfeiting and the grey markets both from the perspective of the brand owner as well as the society. This thesis is done for Starcke Oy, which is a company specialized in graphical special effects and brand protection technologies.  The thesis is roughly divided in to two parts which are: theoretical and empirical. The theory part will explain the concept and reason behind brand integrity management, whereas the empirical part will explore brand owners awareness of BI-management.  The theoretical part will introduce the case company Starcke Oy, explain concepts that are important in understanding brand integrity, such as brand protection, brand and branding. The main focus is on the effects that occur for brand owners, but the effects to consumers are talked about throughout the thesis, by explaining the dangers it causes in peoples everyday lives and how closely counterfeiting and grey markets are linked to organized crime. Finally the theoretical part goes through the key risks areas and explains some of the general tools which BI-management offers.  The empirical part is a qualitative research of brand owners' awareness of brand integrity. It is realized by sending a questionnaire to some well-known Finish companies such as Aarikka and Kuusamon Uistin. It aims to explore more deeply what is the level of awareness amongst companies. The population and sample are rather small, which enables more in-depth approach.
Brand owners' awareness of brand integrity
Integrity : doing the right thing for the right reason
Throughout his life, the apartheid activist, Nelson Mandela (Madiba), maintained, 'In the darkest moment there is always hope. We must never give up'. Hope as a mode of the courage to be (Paul Tillich), points to what the Sociologist Peter Berger calls: signals of transcendence. Wholeness in Hope Care explores the rich tradition of hope in wisdom, philosophy and Christian theology. It connects non-hope/un-hope (Gabriel Marcel: inespoir) to a theology of compassion in soul care (cura animarum). Resurrection hope (theologia resurrectionis) points to the healing of life (cura vitae) and the preservation of land (cura terrae). In order to describe the helping and healing dimension in pastoral caregiving, the term 'promissiotherapy' has been coined.
Preventive Conservation: a Key Method to Ensure Cultural Heritage s Authenticity and Integrity in Preservation Process
