http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2419 success
success
The impact of cultural differences on the coordination and control of international projects : the case of the Wärtsilä power planti division in Mexico and Honduras
The expedition : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
Breeding success of Finnish birds in the bad summer 1981
Sharing the success : a study of discourse strategies of acclaiming and disclaiming in the success stories of Weight Watchers
Mindset : the new psychology of success
The little red caboose
The magic
American environmental policy : the failures of compliance, abatement and mitigation
Eat, drink & succeed : climb your way to the top using the networking power of social events
How The Secret changed my life : real people, real stories
Outlines a counterintuitive approach to changing the world by assessing its failures, drawing on myriad disciplines to argue that complex challenges must be met through adaptive trial-and-error practices that do not depend on expert opinions or ready-made solutions.
"A guide not just for overcoming the obstacles that hold us back-but for using them for great benefit   The great Athenian orator Demosthenes was born with a crippling speech impediment and was robbed of his inheritance by cruel guardians. Samuel Zemurray was a poor roadside fruit peddler pitted against the behemoth United Fruit Company. Ulysses S. Grant found himself stuck across the Mississippi river, desperately trying to break into the impenetrable fortress of Vicksburg.  These icons and many others throughout history-from John D. Rockefeller to Amelia Earhart to Richard Wright to Steve Jobs-were often placed in nearly impossible situations that turned out to be the platforms for astounding triumphs. They were not exceptionally brilliant, lucky, or gifted. Their success in overcoming extreme obstacles was the result of a timeless set of philosophical principles that great men and women have always followed.  Now Ryan Holiday unpacks those lessons and reframes them for today's world, building on the wisdom of the ancient Stoics and a rich trove of examples. He shows us how to turn obstacles into advantages, through controlling our perceptions, swift and energetic action, and true force of will"--
Building a holistic performance measurement model for internal benchmarking : Fortum billing and collection case study
Performance-based project management : increasing the probability of project success
Good Knight, Bad Knight
Adapt : why success always starts with failure
The winning helix : the art of learning and manifesting your true potential
Nine things successful people do differently
What is the Recipe of Success at Work? :  Employee Perceptions from a Finnish Telecom Company
Elmer and the stranger
Maintaining supply performance during an ERP system implementation phase : case Cloetta Suomi Oy
Going corporate : a geek's guide
Good job, Little Bear
Failure of international assignments and the importance of the spouse's adjustment : a case study
An actor's craft : the art and technique of acting
Young children's success in learning situations : actions, views and appraisals in learning contexts
The power
This highly unique book takes a fundamental look at when and how a government can fail at its core responsibility of formulating rules. Government, representing society, relates to the economy by formulating the rules within which (market) players should operate. Although market and business failure are much discussed in the economics literature, government failure is often overlooked. This book addresses this gap, exploring in detail what constitutes government failure. Wilfred Dolfsma illustrates that it is not adequate to discuss government failure simply with reference to its level of expenditure, as is usually the case. Defining government failure and analysing it in the domains of health care, innovation and technology, he explores topics such as how market and society relate, consequences of conflicts between government policies, how government should (not) intervene, the vulnerability of institutions and rules (set out by government), and suggests a welfare perspective for evaluative purposes. This stimulating and thought provoking book will prove a fascinating read for academics, researchers and advanced students in economics - particularly public choice and institutional economics - public administration, policy studies, and law and economics.
Why the EU fails : Learning from past experiences to succeed better next time
One night
Establishing a Small Enterprise in Varkaus and Factors behind Success  and Failure of Small Businesses
Silent forces in cross-border acquisitions : an integrative perspective on post-acquisition integration
Measuring the performance of corporate events : an empirical study of measuring practices in Finnish companies
Skinny habits : the 6 secrets of thin people
Igor the bird who couldn't sing
Analyzing project and customer profitability : an empirical case study
Measuring the success of Six Sigma projects
Stability and variability in parents' causal attributions for their child's academic success and failure
Get lucky : how to put planned serendipity to work for you and your business
The good psychopath's guide to success
The Secret - Salaisuus
Return migration in Central Europe : transnational migrants' perspectives and local businesses ́ needs
Characteristics of the process supersede characteristics of the debtor explaining failure to recover by legal reorganization proceedings
Why do software development projects fail? : emphasising the supplier's perspective and the project start-up
Change your life with NLP : the powerful way to make your whole life better
ReOrg : how to get it right
The obstacle is the way : the ancient art of turning adversity to advantage
What about me? : the struggle for identity in a market-based society
Territory occupancy and breeding success of the Golden Eagle (Aquila chrysaetos) around tourist destinations in northern Finland
Learning the hard way : how a narrative structure can bring out the positive power of failure
The Martian
Walking away from the pre-acquisition phase
Government failure : society, markets and rules
Bounce : how champions are made
The success principles : how to get from where you are to where you want to be
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail? : case study of an agricultural commodity exchange
Avoiding treatment failures in the anxiety disorders
The Yes
The 7 habits of happy kids
How the secret changed my life : real people, real stories
Outliers : the story of success
Teach your children well : parenting for authentic success
Rising strong
Management mistakes and successes
Factors affecting the outcome of IVF/ICSI
Batty Betty's spell
Built to last
How to sell with NLP : the powerful way to guarantee your sales success
The secret
Successful leadership in virtual teams
Put your dream to the test : 10 questions that will help you see it and seize it
The triple package : what really determines success
Max the champion
Enterprise resource planning systems success assessment : an integrative framework
How to create chemistry with anyone : 75 ways to spark it fast and make it last
Top dog : the science of winning and losing
Fierce conversations : achieving success at work & in life, one conversation at a time
Fat family / fit family : how we beat obesity and you can too
What's stopping you : why smart people don't always reach their potential, and how you can
WillBe : 13 reasons WillBe's are luckier than WannaBe's
Well done, Little Bear
How to create chemistry with anyone : spark it fast
Engaging change : a people-centred approach to business transformation
The internationalists : masters of the global game
Practical prosperity magick : crafting success & abundance
Handbook of success : how to make your life what you want it to be
The Power
The Secret : Salaisuus
Reducing ICT project failure with scope management
Future Prospects of Online Advertising at SBS Finland Ltd
The secret = Salaisuus
Unfortunately
The devil's advocate : 100 business rules you must break
Perceiving the causes of success and failure
Ninja innovation : the ten killer strategies of the world's most successful businesses
Why do business fails in West Africa : Case Study Of Globacom Nigeria Limited. “GLO”
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail?
'How The Secret Changed My Life' presents a selection of the most heartwarming and moving stories in one inspirational volume. Each story provides an authentic, real-life illustration of the pathway that leads to success in every area of life: money, health, relationships, love, family, and career.
David and Goliath : underdogs, misfits, and the art of battling giants
Coach yourself to success : 101 tips from a personal coach for reaching your goals at work and in life
The morning after : making corporate mergers work after the deal is sealed
How to have a Big Life : sharing simple secrets of success
Could I do that?
The strain of representation : how parties represent diverse voters in Western and Eastern Europe
Judgement, decision making and success in sport
Human relations for career and personal success
Flat Stanley plays ball
Supporting the success of an information systems project : viewpoints on education and replacement of the project manager
Most executives will lead or be a part of a reorganization (a "reorg"). And for good reason--reorgs are one of the best ways for companies to unlock latent value, especially in a changing business environment. But everyone hates them. Perhaps no other management practice creates more anxiety and fear among employees or does more to distract them from their day-to-day jobs. As a result, reorgs can be incredibly expensive in terms of senior management time and attention, and most of them fail on multiple dimensions. It's no wonder that companies treat a reorg as a mysterious process and outsource it to people who don't understand the business. But it doesn't have to be that way. Stephen Heidari-Robinson and Suzanne Heywood, former leaders of McKinsey's Organization practice, present a practical guide for successfully planning and implementing a reorg--demystifying and accelerating the process at the same time. Based on their twenty-five years of combined experience doing reorgs and on McKinsey research with over 2,500 executives involved in them, the authors distill what they and their McKinsey colleagues have been practicing as an art into a science that executives can replicate in companies or business units large or small. Their approach isn't complex, nor is it bogged down by a lot of organizational theory: the five steps give executives a simple, logical process to follow, making it easier for everyone--both the leaders and the employees who ultimately determine the success or failure of a reorg--to commit themselves to and succeed in the new organization.
Understanding change management through the psychological ownership framework : examination of antecedents of successful change
Judgment, Decision-Making and Success in Sport presents a thorough overview and assessment of the study of Judgment and Decision-Making (JDM) in sports psychology, and represents an important source of information for those interested in the possible causes and reasons for success and failure in sport. Applies theory to practice by looking at problems of athletes, coaches, and referees and providing recommendations for dealing with them. Offers an overview of current JDM research.
This study investigates young children's views of successful learning situations in their classroom activities and factors that contribute to their achievement in those situations. It is investigated how self-regulated learning is supported in these situations and how children appraise support as part of their success.The study consists of three different data sets that are reported in three empirical articles. The first empirical study investigated resilience displayed by young children in dyadic task performance. The second empirical study investigated views and appraisals that primary school children give to their success in classroom learning activities and how self-regulated learning is supported in the classrooms. The third empirical study investigated how primary school children appraise the reasons for their peers' successes in learning situations. The data collection methods include video observations, stimulated recall interviews and photo elicitation interviews.The results of this dissertation indicated that success in learning activities results from individual and external factors. Among the individual assets that children bring to learning situations, the support that children receive from their teachers and peers were crucial for successful achievement. This study showed that, in general, the children's self-regulated learning was supported in the classroom, especially through the support from a teacher and non-threatening evaluation. Children described their success through concrete actions that they took in the situations, such as the ability to accomplish the particular tasks or doing academic activities in order to achieve the task. The methodological findings indicate that it is possible to develop child-centred participatory methods in learning research. Results of this study contribute to the discussion of how successful learning experiences andself-regulated learning can be supported in the first years of primary school.
"A guide to overcoming adversity by drawing on the wisdom of the ancient Stoics"--
The ultimate book of heroic failures
Embracing your potential
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The big leap : conquer your hidden fear and take life to the next level
Prosthetic joint infections of the hip and knee : treatment and predictors of treatment outcomes
From problems to critical success factors of enterprise architecture adoption
Poke the box : when was the last time you did something for the first time?
David and Goliath : underdogs, misfits and the art of battling giants
Very good lives : the fringe benefits of failure and the importance of imagination
Differences in organizational cultures : a challenge for IT projects
