http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24121 digital culture
digital culture
"Teaching and Learning with in the Digital Age is for all those concerned with the crucial impact of emerging digital technologies on teaching on learning. It explores what we mean by the digital age, its influence on teenage cultural practices and how it informs our understanding of knowledge, pedagogy and practice. By examining teaching with digital technologies through new learning theories cognisant of the digital age, it aims to both advance thinking and offer strategies for teaching technology-savvy students that will ensure meaningful learning. Illustrated throughout with case studies from across the subjects and the age range, key issues considered include: - How young people create and share knowledge both in and beyond the classroom and how current and new pedagogies can support this level of achievement - The use of complexity theory as a framework to explore teaching in the digital age - The way learning occurs - one way exchanges, online and face to face interactions, learning within a framework of constructivism, and in communities - What we mean by critical thinking, why it is important in a digital age, and how this can occur in the context of teaching - How students can create knowledge through a variety of teaching and learning activities, and how the knowledge being created can be shared, critiqued and evaluated. With an emphasis throughout on what it means for practice, this book aims to improve understanding of how learning theories currently work and can evolve in the future to promote truly effective learning in the digital era. It is essential reading for all student teachers, those engaged in Masters' level work, as well as students on Education Studies courses"-- Provided by publisher.
Teaching and learning in the digital age
Digital reputation : characterizing and measuring reputation, reputation risk, and emotional responses to reputation in digital publicity : final report
Television is the new television : the unexpected triumph of old media in the digital age
Internet-based applications such as blogs, social network sites, online chat forums, text messages, microblogs, and location-based communication services used from computers and smart phones represent central resources for organizing daily life and making sense of ourselves and the social worlds we inhabit. This interdisciplinary book explores the meanings of social media as a communicative condition for users in their daily lives; first, through a theoretical framework approaching social media as communicative genres and second, through empirical case studies of personal blogs, Twitter, and Facebook as key instances of the category of "social media," which is still taking shape. Lomborg combines micro-analyses of the communicative functionalities of social media and their place in ordinary people?s wider patterns of media usage and everyday practices.
The Gutenberg Elegies : The Fate of Reading in an Electronic Age
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT at a glance
Digital Right Management : Is the Music Industry Alienating the Consumer?
Interaction in the domestication of social media
Music piracy culture in the Internet
Digital literacy for technical communication : 21st century theory and practice
Works of game : on the aesthetics of games and art
You are not a gadget : a manifesto
Technology in culture : a theoretical discourse on convergence in human-technology interaction
Far field : digital cullture, climate change and the poles
Information doesn't want to be free : laws for the Internet age
Smarter than you think :  how technology is changing our minds for the better
The new digital natives
Media Literacy and the Emerging Citizen is about enhancing engagement in a digital media culture and the models that educators, parents and policy makers can utilize to place media-savvy youth into positions of purpose, responsibility and power. Two specific challenges are at the core of this book’s argument that media literacy is the path toward more active and robust civic engagement in the 21st century: How can media literacy enable core competencies for value-driven, diverse and robust digital media use? How can media literacy enable a more civic-minded participatory culture? These challenges are great, but they need to be examined in their entirety if media literacy is to begin to address the opportunities they present for democracy, participation and discourse in a digital media age. By presenting information that places media literacy at the center of what it means to be an engaged citizen, educators and policy makers will understand why media literacy must be integrated into formal and informal education systems before it’s too late.
Foreword / Emlyn Koster. -- Introduction / Wayne LaBar. -- From headphones to microphones : mobile social media in the museum as distributed network / Nancy Proctor. -- Museum education and mobile for museums : conceptual considerations between old issues and new challenges / Theo Hug. -- iPhone and its use in museums / Bjarki Valtysson, Nanna Holdgaard & Rich Ling. -- Web empowerment for cultural heritage organizations : towards a theoretical framework / Monica Murrio. -- Panoscope 360 : an ethnography of the appropriation of an interactive and immersive technology / Letizia Daronia, André H. Caron. -- Click history : wherever, whenever / Kathleen Hulser, Steve Bull. -- Portable and playful : locative media, art and games in the mobile space / Martha Ladly. -- Ego-trap : the design and implementation of a digital narrative / Anne Kahr-Højland. -- Mobile devices for promoting museum learning / Timothy D. Zimmerman. -- Placing our bets : building a national museum's media strategy from scratch / Corey Timpson. -- Virtual worlds as technologies for lifelong learning and the implications for museums / Joe Sanchez. -- Mobile phones for informal science center learning : a socio-technical analysis / James E. Katz, Kate Haley Goldman & Susan Foutz. -- Gyroscopic museum / Wayne Labar. -- Conclusion / James E. Katz, Lora Appel & Ellen Lynch.
The activists' handbook : a step-by-step guide to participatory democracy
Media literacy and the emerging citizen : youth, engagement and participation in digital culture
The Routledge companion to digital journalism studies
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
International artists-in-residence 1990-2010 : mobility, technology and identity in everyday art practices
Short films : dispersive effects of clip thinking
Creating customer value through digital services in the pharmaceutical industry
Strengthening digital agency through a creative artistic teaching process
Raising a digital child : a digital citizenship handbook for parents
Radio in the digital age
Strategies of social screen play(ers) across the ecosystem of play: toys, games and hybrid social play in technologically mediated playscapes
Click of time : reflections on the digital age
The perversity of things : Hugo Gernsback on media, tinkering, and scientifiction
Accidental information discovery : cultivating serendipity in the digital age
Eyes wide open : how to make smart decisions in a confusing world
Let's get digital : the Folklore Fellows' Summer School 2015
Library management for the digital age : a new paradigm
Unplug your kids : a parent's guide to raising happy, active, and well-adjusted children in the digital age
Digitalization and the design of everyday life : steps in the evolution of a research agenda
The new academic librarian : essays on changing roles and responsibilities
NORLIT 2009 : codex and code. Aestethcis, language and politics in a age of digital media. Stockholm, august 6-9, 2009
Management Challenges in the 21st Century : Digitalization of Society, Economy and Market : Current Issues and Challenges
Today it has become increasingly difficult to find a person or an object without some kind of connection to the internet. 'No internet, no art' is dedicated to exploring what this situation entails with respect to one cultural field in particular: art. This anthology forms both the culmination and a continuation of a series of public events titled 'Lunch bytes: Thinking about art and digital culture', held in Washington, D.C., which invited artists and experts from different fields to discuss their work in relation to this overarching theme. By opening up the often narrowly-defined discursive field of 'post-internet,' artistic practices are examined thematically within the larger context of digital culture. As such, this anthology offers valuable new contributions to the fields of art history, media studies, philosophy, curatorial studies, and design.
Digital modernism : making it new in new media
As patterns of media use become more integrated with mobile technologies and multiple screens, a new mode of viewer engagement has emerged in the form of connected viewing, which allows for an array of new relationships between audiences and media texts in the digital space. This exciting new collection brings together twelve original essays that critically engage with the socially-networked, multi-platform, and cloud-based world of today, examining the connected viewing phenomenon across television, film, video games, and social media. The result is a wide-ranging analysis of shifting business models, policy matters, technological infrastructure, new forms of user engagement, and other key trends affecting screen media in the digital era. Connected Viewing contextualizes the dramatic transformations taking place across both media industries and national contexts, and offers students and scholars alike a diverse set of methods and perspectives for studying this critical moment in media culture.
Using clear, readable prose, conceptual artist and poet Kenneth Goldsmith's manifesto shows how our time on the Internet is not really wasted but is quite productive and creative as he puts the experience in its proper theoretical and philosophical context. Kenneth Goldsmith thinks the Internet demands active engagement - and it's actually making us more social, more creative, even more productive. When we're "wasting time," we're actually creating a culture of collaboration. Wide-ranging, counterintuitive, engrossing, unpredictable - like the Internet itself - this is the manifesto you didn't know you needed.
The digital divide : arguments for and against facebook, Google, texting and the age of social networking
The people's platform : taking back power and culture in the digital age
Learning with 'e's : educational theory and practice in the digital age
International conference "Transforming culture in the digital age" : 14-16 April 2010, Tartu, Estonia : abstracts
i-Minds : how cell phones, computers, gaming, and social media are changing our brains, our behavior, and the evolution of our species
Generational use of new media
Digital literacies : concepts, policies and practices
Radio's digital dilemma : broadcasting in the twenty-first century
Cultural heritage in a changing world
Thumbelina : the culture and technology of millennials
Finnish fandom of Japanese popular culture : what are the Finns doing for anime, manga, and J-rock?
Folklore, horror stories, and the slender man : the development of an internet mythology
Wasting Time on the Internet
Understanding media in the digital age : connections for communication, society, and culture
Creativity and technology : social media, mobiles and museums
Rock Hellsinki, Marketing Research
Surfing the past : digital lerners in the history class
L' histoire contemporaine à l'ère numérique = Contemporary history in the digital age
Raising children in a digital age : enjoying the best, avoiding the worst
Program or be programmed : ten commands for a digital age
Code/words : technology and theory in the museum
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
This handbook, the first of its kind, is a detailed introduction to the numerous academic perspectives we can apply to the study of the internet as a political, social and communicative phenomenon. Covering both practical and theoretical angles, established researchers from around the world discuss everything: the foundations of internet research appear alongside chapters on understanding and analyzing current examples of online activities and artifacts. The material covers all continents and explores in depth subjects such as networked gaming, economics and the law. The sheer scope and breadth of topics examined in this volume, which ranges from on-line communities to e-science via digital aesthetics, are evidence that in today's world, internet research is a vibrant and mature field in which practitioners have long since stopped considering the internet as either an utopian or dystopian 'new' space, but instead approach it as a medium that has become an integral part of our everyday culture and a natural mode of communication.
The player's game : towards understanding player production among computer game culture
Parenting the touchscreen natives : dilemma with guidelines, content, and context
Activities 2003-2004
Life on Instagram : 2017.
Combining participations : expanding the locus participatory e-planning by combining participatory approaches in the design of digital technology and in urban planning
Mindful tech : how to bring balance to our digital lives
Wired (UK Edition)
Coded cultures : creative practices out of diversity
Corpora and discourse studies : integrating discourse and corpora
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
Digital rights management : is the music industry alienating the consumer?
The library beyond the book
Mathematical tools in a digital world
Reframing information architecture
Understanding the digital generation : teaching and learning in the new digital landscape
The future of scholarly communication
New media, old media : a history and theory reader / edited by Wendy Hui Kyong Chun & Tomas Keenan
Net smart : how to thrive online
Talking the digital talk : digitalization and gamification discourse in language education in Finland
Photojournalism : a social semiotic approach
Connected viewing : selling, streaming & sharing media in the digital era
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Inviting the audience : interactive, participatory, and social television in Finland 2004-2014
Sharing is caring : openness and sharing in the cultural heritage sector
Self-representation and digital culture
"The new essays on today's academic librarians examine above all their functions and responsibilities. From digital resources and special collections, to web development and new outreach initiatives, the topics covered by the essays in this book will reassure new librarians and stimulate prospective librarians as they realize the enhanced and varied positions that are available"--
Digital heritage : applying digital imaging to cultural heritage / edited by Lindsay MacDonald
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
The blind giant : being human in a digital world
International handbook of internet research
Co-created mobile narratives
Young men in digital culture : a new form of informal learning?
Times of change in the demoscene : a creative community and its relationship with technology
Playful identities : the ludification of digital media cultures
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT : theory & practice
Cybersex and prosthetic god : "sex", desire and the posthuman body in cyber discourse : volume 1 : seduction of the "cyber" / Hannu Eerikäinen
Managing digital cultural objects : analysis, discovery and retrieval
New visions in performance : the impact of digital technologies
Ownership of information, knowledge, creation and free software : the digital information society and postmodern philosophy / Tere Vadén
Open sourcing digital heritage : digital surrogates, museums and knowledge management in the age of open networks
Inter/Actions/Inter/Sections : art education in a digital visual culture
The British Library : Strategic Success
Social media, social genres : making sense of the ordinary
No internet, no art : a lunch bytes anthology
Real-time hermeneutics : meaning-making in ludonarrative digital games
Expanding practices in audiovisual narrative
Cybersex and prosthetic god : "sex", desire and the posthuman body in cyber discourse : volume 2 : the promise of the cyborg / Hannu Eerikäinen
Contemporary cabinets of curiosities : capturing environment and experiences into digital collections
Leading companies including BMW, Twitter, Deloitte and Bloomberg share their insider stories of how embracing digital culture has improved their business practices, leading to increased adaptability and productivity.
Toxic childhood : how the modern world is damaging our children and what we can do about it
The growing availability of large collections of language texts has expanded our horizons for language analysis, enabling the swift analysis of millions of words of data, aided by computational methods. This edited collection contains examples of such contemporary research which uses corpus linguistics to carry out discourse analysis. The book takes an inclusive view of the meaning of discourse, covering different text-types or modes of language, including discourse as both social practice and as ideology or representation. Authors examine a range of spoken, written, multimodal and electronic corpora covering themes which include health, academic writing, social class, ethnicity, gender, television narrative, news, Early Modern English and political speech. The chapters showcase the variety of qualitative and quantitative tools and methods that this new generation of discourse analysts are combining together, offering a set of compelling models for future corpus-based research in discourse.
Cult of real-time image : understanding the hardcore
The Routledge Companion to Digital Journalism Studies offers an unprecedented collection of essays addressing the key issues and debates shaping the field of Digital Journalism Studies today. Across the last decade, journalism has undergone many changes, which have driven scholars to reassess its most fundamental questions, and in the face of digital change, to ask again: 'Who is a journalist?' and 'What is journalism?'. This companion explores a developing scholarly agenda committed to understanding digital journalism and brings together the work of key scholars seeking to address key theoretical concerns and solve unique methodological riddles. Compiled of 58 original essays from distinguished academics across the globe, this Companion draws together the work of those making sense of this fundamental reconceptualization of journalism, and assesses its impacts on journalism's products, its practices, resources, and its relationship with audiences. It also outlines the challenge presented by studying digital journalism and, more importantly, offers a first set of answers. This collection is the very first of its kind to attempt to distinguish this emerging field as a unique area of academic inquiry. Through identifying its core questions and presenting its fundamental debates, this Companion sets the agenda for years to come in defining this new field of study as Digital Journalism Studies, making it an essential point of reference for students and scholars of journalism.
"Twitter, Facebook, e-publishing, blogs, distance-learning and other social media raise some of the most divisive cultural questions of our time. Some see the technological breakthroughs we live with as hopeful and democratic new steps in education, information gathering, and human progress. But others are deeply concerned by the eroding of civility online, declining reading habits, withering attention spans, and the treacherous effects of 24/7 peer pressure on our young. With The Dumbest Generation, Mark Bauerlein emerged as the foremost voice against the development of an overwhelming digital social culture. But The Digital Divide doesn't take sides. Framing the discussion so that leading voices from across the spectrum, supporters and detractors alike, have the opportunity to weigh in on the profound issues raised by the new media-from questions of reading skills and attention span, to cyber-bullying and the digital playground- Bauerlein's new book takes the debate to a higher ground. The book includes essays by Steven Johnson, Nicholas Carr, Don Tapscott, Douglas Rushkoff, Maggie Jackson, Clay Shirky, Todd Gitlin, and many more. Though these pieces have been previously published, the organization of The Digital Divide gives them new relevancy, making them part of a single document readers can use to truly get a handle on online privacy, the perils of a plugged-in childhood, and other technology-related hot topics. Rather than dividing the book into pro and con sections, the essays are arranged by subject- The Brain, the Senses, Learning in and out of the Classroom, Social and Personal Life, The Millennials, The Fate of Culture, and The Human (and Political) Impact. Bauerlein incorporates a short headnote and a capsule bio about each contributor, as well as relevant contextual information about the source of the selection. Bauerlein also provides a new introduction that traces the development of the debate, from the initial Digital Age zeal, to a wave of skepticism, and to a third stage of reflection that wavers between criticism and endorsement. Enthusiasms for the Digital Age has cooled with the passage of time and the piling up of real-life examples that prove the risks of an online-focused culture. However, there is still much debate, comprising thousands of commentaries and hundreds of books, about how these technologies are rewriting our futures." --Provided by publisher.
