http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24126 grouping (social psychology)
grouping (social psychology)
Abstract.
Techniques for fostering collaboration in online learning communities : theoretical and practical perspectives
The psychology of social and cultural diversity
Making theatre : the frazzled drama teacher's guide to devising
Tribe : on homecoming and belonging
How do children construct, negotiate and organize space? The study of social space in any human group is fraught with limitations, and to these we must add the further limits involved in the study of childhood. Here specialists from archaeology, history, literature, architecture, didactics, museology and anthropology build a body of theoretical and methodological approaches about how space is articulated and organised around children and how this disposition affects the creation and maintenance of social identities. Children are considered as the main actors in historic dynamics of social change, from prehistory to the present day. Notions on space, childhood and the construction of both the individual and the group identity of children are considered as a prelude to papers that focus on analysing and identifying the spaces which contribute to the construction of children’s identity during their lives: the places they live, learn, socialize and play. A final section deals with these same aspects, but focuses on funerary contexts, in which children may lose their capacity to influence events, as it is adults who establish burial strategies and practices. In each case authors ask questions such as: how do adults construct spaces for children? How do children manage their own spaces? How do people (adults and children) build (invisible and/or physical) boundaries and spaces?
Decades before the American Revolution, Benjamin Franklin lamented that English settlers were constantly fleeing over to the Indians -- but Indians almost never did the same. Tribal society has been exerting an almost gravitational pull on Westerners for hundreds of years, and the reason lies deep in our evolutionary past as a communal species. The most recent example of that attraction is combat veterans who come home to find themselves missing the incredibly intimate bonds of platoon life. The loss of closeness that comes at the end of deployment may help explain the high rates of post-traumatic stress disorder suffered by military veterans today. Combining history, psychology, and anthropology, TRIBE explores what we can learn from tribal societies about loyalty, belonging, and the eternal human quest for meaning. It explains the irony that -- for many veterans as well as civilians -- war feels better than peace, adversity can turn out to be a blessing, and disasters are sometimes remembered more fondly than weddings or tropical vacations. TRIBE explains why we are stronger when we come together, and how that can be achieved even in today's divided world
Peer groups : expanding our study of small group communication
The righteous mind : why good people are divided by politics and religion
"In exploring children's own everyday food encounters, alongside the ways in which childhood identities are constructed and mediated through food, this book enables a measured and insightful understanding of the various and subtle dimensions of the relationship between children, food and identity"--Provided by publisher.
Small group communication : theory & practice : an anthology
Children, food and identity in everyday life
Children, Spaces and Identity
"This book provides a focused assessment of the peculiarities of online collaborative learning processes by looking at the strategies, methods, and techniques used to support and enhance debate and exchange among peers"--Provided by publisher.
Groups : process and practice
Group work research
Social contact and attitude change : a case of homeless men living in a dormitory
Children and social exclusion: Morality, prejudice, and group identity explores the origins of prejudice and the emergence of morality to explain why children include some and exclude others. Formulates an original theory about children's experiences with exclusion and how they understand the world of discrimination based on group membership brings together social domain theory and social identity theory to explain how children view exclusion that often results in prejudice, and inclusion that reflects social justice and morality presents new research data consisting of in-depth interviews from childhood to late adolescence, observational findings with peer groups, and experimental paradigms that test how children understand group dynamics and social norms, and show either group bias or morality. Illustrates data with direct quotes from children along with diagrams depicting their social understanding presents new insights about the origins of prejudice and group bias, as well as morality and fairness, drawn from extensive original data. Social inclusion and exclusion are pervasive aspects of social life. Understanding when exclusion is legitimate or wrong reflects an understanding of morality. While there are times when exclusion is legitimate and fosters group functioning, there are also times when it reflects prejudicial biases and stereotypic expectations. How children weigh fairness and stereotypic expectations when making exclusion decisions is determined by their understanding of group norms, social identity, and friendships with children from other backgrounds. In our contemporary global society, few topics are as timely or pressing as exclusion. Children and Social Exclusion: Morality, Prejudice, and Group Identity delves deeply into the origins of prejudice and the emergence of morality to explain why children include some and exclude others and sheds light on the origins of stereotyping, prejudice, and social justice. By tackling these important issues from a global perspective, Children and Social Exclusion: Morality, Prejudice, and Group Identity illustrates how the concept of exclusion might be better understood in multiple cultures and reveals its implications in regions of conflict in the world.
Psychology and culture : thinking, feeling and behaving in global contexts
Children and social exclusion : morality, prejudice, and group identity
The fundamentals of small group communication
Self-organized / Stine Hebert & Anne Szefer Karlsen (eds.) ; [texts Julie Ault ... [et al.]]
