http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24141 costumes
costumes
Critter costuming : making mascots and fabricating fursuits
100 things for kids to make and do
Children s dressing up : Ideas to make in a day
Cosplay world
Costume party book : easy-to-make and inexpensive outfits for halloween, theatre, and creative play
Face painting : from cowboys to clowns, pirates to princesses, 40 amazingly original designs for the perfect children's party
Secrets of cosplay
Quick costumes for kids : 30 great fancy-dress ideas
Cosplay fever
Fancy dress for kids
Mei Lanfang and Peking Opera
Make-up, costumes & masks for the stage
The semiotics of clowns and clowing : rituals of transgression and the theory of laughter
Fancy dress
In this sumptuous book, leading figures in the world of fashion - Giorgio Armani, Marc Bohan, Christian Lacroix, Karl Lagerfeld, Ottavio and Rosita Missoni, Miuccia Prada, Zandra Rhodes, Emanuel Ungaro, Gianni Versace, and Viktor & Rolf - are profiled, together with illustrations of their costume designs. Helena Matheopoulos's interviews with many of the designers illuminate the journey that led each to the opera and the challenges of working in a demanding new medium.
Melamorphosis : an artistic journey through shapeshifting
1000 incredible costume & cosplay ideas : a showcase o creative characters from Anime, Manga, video games, movies, comics, and more!
Cosplay basics : a beginners guide to the art of costume play
The fantastic costume book : 40 complete patterns to amaze & amuse
During the last 300 years circus clowns have emerged as powerful cultural icons. This is the first semiotic analysis of the range of make-up and costumes through which the clowns' performing identities have been established and go on developing. It also examines what Bouissac terms 'micronarratives' - narrative meanings that clowns generate through their acts, dialogues and gestures. Putting a repertory of clown performances under the semiotic microscope leads to the conclusion that the performances are all interconnected and come from what might be termed a 'mythical matrix'. These micronarratives replicate in context-sensitive forms a master narrative whose general theme refers to the emergence of cultures and constraints that they place upon instinctual behaviour. From this vantage point, each performance can be considered as a ritual which re-enacts the primitive violence inherent in all cultures and the temporary resolutions which must be negotiated as the outcome. Why do these acts of transgression and re-integration then trigger laughter and wonder? What kind of mirror does this put up to society? In a masterful semiotic analysis, Bouissac delves into decades of research to answer these questions.
Crochet dress-up : over 35 cute and easy pieces to create character costumes
Creating the character costume : tools, tips, and talks with top costumers and cosplayers
Fashion designers at the opera
Ruby, Blue and Blanket
The complete book of dressing up : Step-by-step projects for fabulous fun costumes
My first craft book : over 35  fun projects for children aged 7-11 years old
Critter costuming : making mascots and fabricating fursuits is the first book of its kind. This ground-breaking book has over 200 pages of detailed directions, hints and tips for designing, constructing and performing animal characters.
Dressing up as a pirate
Costume : performing identities through dress
Fancy dress : a treasure trove of amazzingly original designs - simple to make and fun to wear
Halloween Costumes
Cosplay fever red
Cute and easy costumes for kids : 35 fun dressing up ideas for children
Glue & Go costumes for kids : super-duper designs with everyday materials
Zoe and Beans : look at me!
Designing Costume for Stage and Screen
