http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24125 film schools
film schools
Seventeen-year-old Greg has managed to become part of every social group at his Pittsburgh high school without having any friends, but his life changes when his mother forces him to befriend Rachel, a girl he once knew in Hebrew school who has leukemia.
Bratz : the movie
Educating film-makers : past, present and future
Training the trainers
The result of this thesis produces visual materials in this aspect to guide students and staff members on how to act eco-friendly. On the technical side, it contributes theoretical concepts and practical examples on shooting a short movie from pre-production to post-production. To complete this paper, knowledge on environment conservation and video making techniques are developed. The information is gathered from the section of sustainable development from OUAS’ website and intranet. On video-making techniques, books and practical experiences through implementation are the main resources. The process of making short movies is carried out from March until the end of May 2014, with the use of movie editing software such as Adobe Premier Pro and Adobe After Effects. Cameras and necessary equipment are supported by OUAS laboratory. Edited parts have been temporarily stored in OUAS’ hard drive until the full movies are completed. After the movies are done, a link will be added to OUAS intranet, section of sustainable development, so that everybody can access them easily. Also, they are available from the author’s Youtube channel. The final videos are not only used in Green Thinking course, but in other classes as well, for example in Video lectures.
School of rock
European film theory and cinema : a critical introduction
Bully : be a hero. Take a stand
American teen
The Bulgarian Roma in Helsinki : the diverse sub-groups amongst Bulgarian Roma and their reasons for being in Helsinki : a documentary film
Tales out of school : gender, longing, and the teacher in fiction and film
Beginner & advanced : film school on DVD
Video editing in Final Cut Pro : film school on DVD
Abstract.
Moth diaries
Mean Creek
Brotherhood
Here comes the boom
Shredderman rules
Art School Confidential
Professional videography : film school on DVD
Struck by lightning
The 21st century film, TV & media school : challenges, clashes, changes
The big bad swim
Summary.
Bratz babyz : the movie
The adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl in 3-D
Bully : Be a hero. Take a stand
Half Nelson
Variety international film guide. 2001
The high school conspiracy
Technical directing : film school on DVD
The Hollywood curriculum : teachers and teaching in the movies
Mean girls 2
Me and Earl and the dying girl : a novel
Introduction to cinematography : film school on DVD
Violent films, anxiety and aggression : experimental studies of the effect of violent films on the level of anxiety and aggressiveness in children
