http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24181 prebiotics
prebiotics
"Bioactive Foods in Health Promotion: Probiotics and Prebiotics brings together experts working on the different aspects of supplementation, foods, and bacterial preparations, in health promotion and disease prevention, to provide current scientific information, as well as providing a framework upon which to build clinical disease treatment studies. Since common dietary bacterial preparations are over-the-counter and readily available, this book will be useful to the growing nutrition, food science, and natural product community that will use it as a resource in identifying dietary behavioral modifications in pursuit of improved health as well as for treatment of specific disease, as it focuses on the growing body of knowledge of the role of various bacteria in reducing disease risk and disease."--Publisher's description.
Terminologia : alimentos funcionais, probióticos, prebióticos, simbióticos, alegações de saúde, avaliação sensorial de alimentos, gastronomia molecular : edição em inglês-português = [Terminology : functional foods, probiotics, prebiotics, synbiotics, health claims, sensory evaluation of foods, molecular gastronomy : English-Portuguese edition]
Infant colic crying and gastrointestinal tract : causes, consequences and cure
Wood biochemicals for the protection of health : focus on hemicellulose. stilbenoids and lignans
Probiotics and prebiotics in food nutrition, health and food science
In vitro synthesis and structural analysis of selected acceptor products of Weissella confusa VTT E-90392 dextransucrase
Prebiotics and probiotics science and technology / Vol. 1
Aquaculture nutrition : gut health, probiotics and prebiotics
Prebiotics and probiotics science and technology / Vol. 2
Handbook of probiotics and prebiotics
Bioactive foods in promoting health : probiotics and prebiotics
Manipulation of the microbial gut content of farmed fishes and crustaceans can have a marked effect on their general health, growth, and quality. Expertly covering the science behind the use of prebiotics and probiotics this landmark book explains how the correct manipulation of the gut flora of farmed fishes and crustaceans can have a positive effect on their health, growth rates, feed utilization, and general wellbeing. Aquaculture Nutrition: Gut Health, Probiotics and Prebiotics provides a comprehensive overview of the current knowledge of the gut microbiomes of fish and their importance with respect to host–fish health and performance, providing in–depth, cutting–edge fundamental and applied information. Written by many of the world s leading authorities and edited by Dr Daniel Merrifield and Professor Einar Ringø, this important book discusses in detail the common mechanisms for modulating microbiomes, particularly at the gut level (e.g. probiotics, prebiotics and synbiotics). The book is a key resource for an understanding of the historical development of these products, their known mechanisms of action and their degree of efficacy as presently demonstrated in the literature.
Identifying and characterizing new ingredients in vitro for prebiotic and synbiotic use
