http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24116 anoxia
anoxia
Imaging of tumour microenvironment for the planning of oncological therapies using positron emission tomography
The cellular oxygen sensor PHD2 in cancer growth
Effects of SIDS risk factors and hypoxia on cardiovascular control in infants
Waterlogging signalling and tolerance in plants
Neural progenitor cell differentiation and migration : role of glutamate signaling, brain-derived neurotrophic factor and hypoxia/acidosis
The book discusses new concepts and findings in the field of pulmonary function. This function is notably associated with spirometry and gas exchange at the lungs. The technique of spirometry, its clinical meaning, and reference values have all been refined over decades of its use. Although spirometry remains ancillary in diagnosis-making, it seems hardly replaceable in monitoring of lung disease progression and treatment efficacy. Pulmonary function goes far beyond spirometry. It encompasses interactions with the cardiovascular system, sleep disordered breathing, etiological factors like occupational bio aerosol exposure or cigarette smoke related issues. Pulmonary function may crumple in any respiratory ailment, the case in point being all too often respiratory tract infections. Chapters contribute to the latest thinking on molecular mechanisms underpinning pulmonary function, on patient care and attempt to keep up-to-date with current clinical and research progress. The book will be of interest to both clinicians and biomedical researchers.
The dual role of HIF hydroxylase PHD3 in cancer cell survival
Critical role of angiopoietin pathway in ischemia-reperfusion injury in cardiac transplantation
Hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl 4-hydroxylases regulating erythropoiesis, and hypoxia-inducible lysyl oxidase regulating skeletal muscle development during embryogenesis
This book contains the refereed contributions from the 41st annual meeting of ISOTT. The annual meetings of ISOTT bring together scientists from various fields (medicine, physiology, mathematics, biology, chemistry, physics, engineering, etc.) in a unique international forum. Traditionally, ISOTT conferences are a place, where an atmosphere of interaction is created, where many questions are asked after each presentation and lively discussions occur at a high scientific level. This vivid interaction is the main motivation for members to participate and gain new ideas and knowledge in the broad field of oxygen transport to tissue. The papers in this volume summarize some of the outstanding contributions from the 41st annual meeting. Special features in this volume include invited presentations from senior members of ISOTT for the theme the wisdom of ISOTT in which founders, past presidents and prize winners from previous meetings provided both cutting edge new knowledge and integrated overviews of critical aspects of the field. The presentations and manuscripts also include those provided by the special opportunity provided by having part of the ISOTT meeting overlap with the EPR-2013 meeting where both focused on preclinical and clinical measurements of oxygen, with a particular emphasis on cancer.
Oxygen and trauma : studies on pulmonary oxygen poisoning and the role of oxygen repair processes
Oxygen transport to tissue XXXVI
Role of purinergic signaling in pathological pulmonary vascular remodeling
Summary.
Pulmonary function
