http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24110 recent graduates
recent graduates newly graduated
How should companies use employer branding in order to attract student and graduate applications?
Sink or swim : a study of novice English teachers in working life and their job satisfaction
Brilliant employability skills: how to stand our from the crowd in the graduate job market
In Jackson, Mississippi, in 1962, there are lines that are not crossed. With the civil rights movement exploding all around them, three women start a movement of their own, forever changing a town and the way women--black and white, mothers and daughters--view one another.
Professional learning in practice : newly qualified teachers' and educators' encounter with practice
A better beginning : supporting and mentoring new teachers
Creative graduates creative futures : a major longitudinal study undertaken between 2008 and 2010 of the career patterns of graduates in art, design, crafts and media subjects qualifying in 2002, 2003 and 2004 from 26 UK higher education institutions
The help
Today's nursing leader : managing, succeeding, excelling
The designerʼs guide to business and careers : how to succeed on the job or on your own
Mentoring as dialogue, collaboration and/or assessment?
Reaching the peak : a manual for identifying, transferring and adopting innovations
The induction phase as a critical transition for newly qualified teachers
This book explores the highly significant and contested area of graduate employability and employment which is paid so much attention by those in the media and policy-makers. This is driven largely by concerns over the wider economic impact and value of graduates as increasing numbers complete their studies in higher education. At a time when graduates are seen as key to economic success, the critical question remains as to how their employability plays out in a changing labour market. This book brings together innovative approaches and research to present an extensive survey of the field. It provides insight on what is a complex and often elusive social and economic problem, ranging from how graduate employability is constructed as an economic and policy agenda to explorations of how graduates manage the transition from higher education to paid employment and finally to suggest future directions for curricula, policy and research.
"All communication is intercultural" : applying the concepts of culture shock and adaptation to transition processes of graduates from student life to work life
Abstract: How should companies use employer branding in order to attract student and graduate applications? The research objective was to provide guidelines for companies to communicate to students and graduates as internal and recruitment markets. The primary research absorbed into their decision making processes when applying for jobs. The aim was to find out what attracts them at the announcements, what gets them to apply for the job and to keep working for the company. Primary research was conducted using both qualitative and quantitative method. The data was collected using questionnaire and two interviews. Internet questionnaire resulted 53 responses from students and graduated. The research found out that students and graduates appreciate job description, career possibilities and salary and benefits the most. The needs that job can satisfy are safety and esteem needs and the need for self-actualisation. From these, the company should concentrate its employer branding efforts to esteem needs and the need for self-actualisation. Employer marketing should focus on promotion and especially advertising. Job announcements are the employer brand advertisements and the ones that attract the students and graduates to apply for the company. Challenging and interesting job profiles are the ones that attract the students and graduates. The marketing communications for employer brand should inform and persuade. The channel should be Internet, both their own and external websites. The research was quite facile and the sample size small. It would be recommended to conduct it again using larger sample. There are lots of research about the area, but most of them are from human resource management point of view. It would be beneficial to research employer branding more from marketing point of view.
How college affects students. Volume 2 : a third decade of research
Youth unemployment : a crisis in our midst : the role of lifelong guidance policies in addressing labour supply and demand
Induction practices : experiences of newly qualified teachers
Graduate employability in context : theory, research and debate
