http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24145 study of cultures
study of cultures
Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Arts contact points between cultures : 1st International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education Conference : post-conference book
Eight words for the study of expressive culture
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Heritage has burgeoned over the past quarter of a century from a small elite preoccupation into a major popular crusade. Everything from Disneyland to the Holocaust Museum, from the Balkan wars to the Northern Irish troubles, from Elvis memorabilia to the Elgin Marbles bears the marks of the cult of heritage. In this acclaimed 1998 book David Lowenthal explains the rise of this obsession with the past and examines its power for both good and evil.
The politics of Chinese language and culture : the art of reading dragons
Analysis of best practices and used methods in research articles of culturally competent care : applied systematic literature review
Culture and customs of the Caucasus
Archaeology, as with all of the social sciences, has always been characterized by competing theoretical propositions based on diverse bodies of locally acquired data. In order to fulfill local, regional expectations, different goals have been assigned to the practitioners of Archaeology in different regions. These goals might be entrenched in local politics, or social expectations behind cultural heritage research.This comprehensive book explores regional archaeologies from a sociological perspective—to identify and explain regional differences in archaeological practice, as well as their existing similarities. This work covers not only the currently-dominant Anglo-American archaeological paradigm, but also Latin America, Western and Eastern Europe, Asia, and Africa, all of which have developed their own unique archaeological traditions. The contributions in this work cover these "alternative archaeologies," in the context of their own geographical, political, and socio-economic settings, as well as the context of the currently accepted mainstream approaches.
An archaeology of the troubles : the dark heritage of Long Kesh/Maze Prison
Translation of international logos
Formulation of market strategy for the Russian market : Case: Jessup Manufacturing Company
Intercultural teaching and learning : English as a foreign language education in Finland and Japan
The interpretation of cultures : selected essays
Words on water : literary and cultural representations
New acquaintances : an attempt to introduce online diaries into ethnology
Orientations -- space/time/image/word
Finland, cultural lone wolf
Encountering differences : study and learning environment culture-shock in Finland : (the case of Asian first year international students)
Ethnomusicology in East Africa : perspectives from Uganda and beyond
The hunter, the stag, and the mother of animals : image, monument, and landscape in ancient North Asia
The history of Romanian Slavic studies : from the beginnings until the First World War
Cultural studies of transnationalism
Intercultural communication : an advanced resource book
Metals in LBA Minoan and Mycenaean societies on Crete : a quantitative approach
Comparison of Finnish and Spanish business cultures
Ethnographic methods
What is cultural history?
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
Has the developing world developed modern concepts of stress? Are coping methods the same around the globe? Such questions are not simple to answer, and until recently, few knew to ask them. In recent years, Western psychologists have recognized that their prevailing views of psychology do not always translate worldwide, and that no culture has a monopoly on either stress or coping. "The Handbook of Multicultural Perspectives on Stress and Coping" was created to address this realization. This unique volume moves beyond simple comparisons of behaviors in other countries by clarifying critical concepts in stress and coping, analyzing and synthesizing vast amounts of global data, and identifying constructs and methodologies necessary for meaningful cross-cultural research. An international, multiethnic panel of forty-five contributors presents elegant studies of stress, survival, and resilience as cultures evolve and countries interact, including: personal transformation as a coping strategy; psychological skills that enhance intercultural adjustment; individual versus collectivist values in coping; and Buddhist and Taoist traditions in coping. It provides details about the cumulative effects of historical, environmental, and political stressors on nations in the Middle East - Specific cross-cultural perspectives, from Latino-American families to Canadian aboriginal peoples to minority university students. The editors have assembled a vital store of knowledge, raising crucial implications for clinicians working with immigrant/international populations, and evaluating the current state of theory, research, and assessment. The Handbook documents major steps toward scientific advancement, and human understanding.
The conference Intercultural Contacts in the Ancient Mediterranean (ICAM) was organised in 2008 by the Netherlands-Flemish Institute in Cairo. While Mediterranean contacts in archaeology are a popular topic in Europe, it was the first time this theme was addressed in Egypt. The conference aimed to discuss theoretical and methodological issues related to the study of intercultural contacts in archaeology on the one hand, and to present actual case-studies of such contacts on the other. In the present volume, thirty-five contributions deal with intercultural contacts all over the Mediterranean from the Levant to Spain and from Egypt to Greece, from prehistory up to the Hellenistic period. They are presented in six sections: Theory and methodology, Identifying foreigners and immigrants, Material evidence for contact, Maritime trade and sea ports, Influences in iconography, ideology and religion, and Administration and economy.
Two French Protestant refugees in eighteenth-century Amsterdam gave the world an extraordinary work that intrigued and outraged readers across Europe. In this captivating account, Lynn Hunt, Margaret Jacob, and Wijnand Mijnhardt take us to the vibrant Dutch Republic and its flourishing book trade to explore the work that sowed the radical idea that religions could be considered on equal terms. Famed engraver Bernard Picart and author and publisher Jean Frederic Bernard produced "The Religious Ceremonies and Customs of All the Peoples of the World", which appeared in the first of seven folio volumes in 1723. They put religion in comparative perspective, offering images and analysis of Jews, Catholics, Muslims, the peoples of the Orient and the Americas, Protestants, deists, freemasons, and assorted sects. Despite condemnation by the Catholic Church, the work was a resounding success. For the next century it was copied or adapted, but without the context of its original radicalism and its debt to clandestine literature, English deists, and the philosophy of Spinoza. Ceremonies and Customs prepared the ground for religious toleration amid seemingly unending religious conflict, and demonstrated the impact of the global on Western consciousness. In this beautifully illustrated book, Hunt, Jacob, and Mijnhardt cast new light on the profound insight found in one book as it shaped the development of a modern, secular understanding of religion.
Creative arts marketing
Changing research communities : essays on objectivity and relativism in contemporary cultural research
Preferred realities : Soviet and Post-Soviet amateur art in Novorzhev
The image of Finland as a culturally and ethnically homogeneous nation is erroneous. The country's "old minorities" include the Swedish-speakers, the indigenous Sami, and the Romani. Several smaller ethno-cultural and religious groups have resided in Finland since the nineteenth century. Increasing immigration is now further diversifying Finland. Many of the old and new minorities have clearly-defined regional hearths, as do many distinctive segments of the majority culture. This article provides an overview of Finland's three largest minorities, religions, foodways, the new immigration, and the recent English-language sources available on these topics. The discussion emphasizes the new understanding of the country's ethno-cultural make-up and political, legal, and social challenges that have followed the recent change.
Finnish journal for Romanian studies
Expatriation and Cross Cultural Training
Intercultural competence development of Finnish higher education personnel : case: Lahti UAS
Southeast Asia : crossroads of the world
Cultural diversity in Finland
Affective Methodologies reacts to a challenge: How to trace and understand the immaterial forces of affects as cultural researchers? Its aim is thus to contribute to the development of methodologies that enable cultural researchers and students to investigate affective processes empirically. It defines affective methods as innovative strategies for 1) asking research questions and formulating research agendas relating to affective processes, for 2) collecting or producing embodied data and for 3) making sense of this data in order to produce academic knowledge. It furthermore presents affective research using inventive experiments, embodied forms of fieldwork or innovative approaches to the reading for affects in texts and writing. It presents studies of nightclubs, YouTube memes, political provocations, heritage sites, education development, and haunting memories. In this way, the collection serves as an inspiration for all academics embarking on or developing empirical research strategies to understand affects' predominant role in cultural life.
Opportunities for ethnology in Finnish migration research : two pilot projects
Multiple Aspects of the Minority Language Issues of Eurasia
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
Ticket Sales Analysis for Live Nation Spain
The Utilization of Employee Competencies : A comparison between Vamp and Wärtsilä
"Jacobson-Tepfer explores the changing traditions of belief in pre-Bronze and Bronze Age North Asia, centering her argument on a female deity and her evolution until the early Iron Age"--Provided by publisher.
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Organizational culture & employee behavior
The term "sacrifice" belies what is a complex and varied transhistorical and transcultural phenomenon. Bringing together scholars from such diverse fields as anthropology, archaeology, epigraphy, literature, and theology, Diversity of Sacrifice explores sacrificial practices across a range of contexts from prehistory to the present. Incorporating theory, material culture, and textual evidence, the volume seeks to consider new and divergent data related to contexts of sacrifice that can help broaden our field of vision while raising new questions. The essays contributed here move beyond reductive and simple explanations to explore complex areas of social interaction. Sacrifice plays a key role in the overlapping sacred and secular spheres for a number of societies in the past and present. How religious beliefs and practices can be integral parts of life on individual and community levels is of fundamental importance to understanding the past and present. In addition to aiding scholarly research, Diversity of Sacrifice enables students to explore this rich theme across Europe and the Mediterranean with clear discussions of theory and data.
Cultural theory : the key concepts
The Oxford handbook of the new cultural history of music
Diversity of Sacrifice : form and function of sacrificial practices in the ancient world and beyond
Gender, nation, narration : critical readings of cultural phenomena
"This book presents an interdisciplinary study of the role of spirituality and religious ritual in the emergence of complex societies. Involving an eminent group of natural scientists, archaeologists, anthropologists, philosophers, and theologians, this volume examines Çatalhöyük as a case study. A nine-thousand-year old town in central Turkey, Çatalhöyük was first excavated in the 1960s and has since become integral to understanding the symbolic and ritual worlds of the early farmers and village-dwellers in the Middle East. It is thus an ideal location for exploring theories about the role of religion in early settled life. This book provides a unique overview of current debates concerning religion and its historical variations. Through exploration of themes including the integration of the spiritual and the material, the role of belief in religion, the cognitive bases for religion, and religion's social roles, this book situates the results from Çatalhöyük within a broader understanding of the Neolithic in the Middle East"--Provided by publisher.
NORLIT 2009 : codex and code. Aestethcis, language and politics in a age of digital media. Stockholm, august 6-9, 2009
Let's talk about "us" : a reflexive account of a cross-cultural research collaboration
Lesbian origins
Alliteration in culture
Ethics in cultural studies
The archaeology of colonial encounters : comparative perspectives
Why cultural studies?
Sexually transmitted diseases : knowledge base and attitudes of young adults in an institute of higher education about sexually transmitted diseases, Finland
Body, epistemology, interpretation : Friedrich Nietzsche and Karl Kerényi
Cultural Studies have been preoccupied with questions of national identity and cultural representations. At the same time, feminist studies have insisted upon the entanglement of gender with issues of nation, class, and ethnicity. Developments in the wake of German unification demand a reassessment of the nexus of gender, Germanness and nationhood. The contributors to this volume pursue these strands of the cultural debate in German history, literature, visual arts, and language over a period of three hundred years in sections devoted to History and the Canon, Visual Culture, Germany and Her "Others," and Language and Power.
The Chanka : archaeological research in Andahuaylas (Apurimac), Peru
Attitudes towards suicide among Master's degree students : a cross-cultural comparison between China and Finland
The heritage crusade and the spoils of history
Germans and Indians ; fantasies, encounters, projections
Cultural Differences between Finnish and Japanese Cultures - Enhancing Active Project’s Design Management
Africa, cultural studies and difference
Cultural Chameleons and Teamwork Terminators − Promoting Intercultural Management in the Baltic Sea Region PIM 2009 as Intercultural Teamwork
The influence of migration on Finnish cultural identity in the twentieth century : some preliminary considerations
The research object and the subjectivity of the researcher
David Bell and Kate Oakley survey the major debates emerging in cultural policy research, adopting an approach based on spatial scale to explore cultural policy in cities, nations and internationally. They contextualise these discussions with an exploration of what both 'culture' and 'policy' mean when they are joined together as cultural policy. Drawing on topical examples and contemporary research, as well as their own experience in both academia and in consultancy, Bell and Oakley urge readers to think critically about the project of cultural policy as it is currently being played out around the world. Cultural Policy is a comprehensive and readable book that provides a lively, up-to-date overview of key debates in cultural policy, making it ideal for students of media and cultural studies, creative and cultural industries, and arts management.
International journal of sino-western studies
Governance in immigrant family businesses : enterprise, ethnicity and family dynamics
New perspectives in Italian cultural studies : definitions, theory, and accented practices
Handbook of visual culture
Imagining the other : orientalism and occidentalism in Tamil-European relations in South India
Addressing modernity : social systems theory and U.S. cultures
Leadership in early childhood education : cross-cultural perspectives
Approaching methodology
FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN BAHRAIN : Case company: A Private Entrepreneur from Lithuania
The potentiality of Spanish Cultural Events in Finnish society : Case: Introducing Cultural Spanish Events in Vaasa
Adaptation and Management of Asian Employees in the Finnish Working Environment : Case-company ABB Oy
From Stonehenge to Las Vegas : archaeology as popular culture
Cultural studies : theory and practice
This volume demonstrates a new approach to cultural history, as it now being practiced by both historians and musicologists, in their quest to grasp the realms of human experience understanding, communication and meaning through the study of music and of musical practices.
Pedagogies of media and information literacies
Queering fat embodiment
Analysis of Japanese and Finnish furniture design : a consideration for product identity and the relativity of industrial development and cultural context
The Routledge Handbook of Immigration and Refugee Studies offers a comprehensive and unique study of the multi-disciplinary field of international migration and asylum studies. Utilising contemporary information and analysis, this innovative Handbook provides an in depth examination of legal migration management in the labour market and its affect upon families in relation to wider issues of migrant integration and citizenship. With a comprehensive collection of essays written by leading contributors from a broad range of disciplines including sociology of migration, human geography, legal studies, political sciences and economics, the Handbook is a truly multi-disciplinary book approaching the critical questions of: * Migration and the labour market * Integration and citizenship * Migration, families and welfare * Irregular migration * smuggling and trafficking in human beings * asylum and forced migration. Organised into short thematic and geographical chapters the Routledge Handbook of Immigration and Refugee Studies provides a concise overview on the different topics and world regions, as well as useful guidance for both the starting and the more experienced reader. The Handbook's expansive content and illustrative style will appeal to both students and professionals studying in the field of migration and international organisations.
Cultural Studies has evolved and continues to evolve primarily along regional lines. However uncomfortable this might be, the genie of British cultural studies cannot be returned to the bottle of history. Thus, national versions of cultural studies have arisen in a few African countries. This book engages two critical and seemingly contradictory tasks: i) to contribute to the development of cultural studies from the perspectives of African experiences and indigenous frames of reference; and ii) to examine these in terms of transnational trajectories of the field in ways that do not reduce them to one or other context. Much cultural studies remains concerned with Texts, often disconnected from their contexts. For the authors published here, the contexts include African philosophies, cosmologies and ontologies. It includes the writings of both residential natives and those who have re-located to the diaspora, a spread that opens conversations with international approaches that both include and exclude African experiences and work. This anthology juxtaposes many different kinds of cultural studies done in different parts of the world as a means of creating a global dialogue around the signifier of 'Africa'.
Cross-Cultural Psychology is a leading textbook offering senior undergraduate and graduate students a thorough and balanced overview of the whole field of cross-cultural psychology. The team of internationally acclaimed authors present the latest empirical research, theory, methodology and applications from around the world. They discuss all domains of behavior (including development, social behavior, personality, cognition, psycholinguistics, emotion and perception), and present the three main approaches in cross-cultural psychology (cultural, culture-comparative, and indigenous traditions) as well as applications to a number of domains (including acculturation, intercultural relations and communication, work and health). With new additions to the writing team, the third edition benefits from an even broader range of cross-cultural perspectives. Now in 2-colour, the format is even more reader-friendly and the features include chapter outlines, chapter summaries, further reading and an updated glossary of key terms. This edition also offers an accompanying website containing additional material and weblinks.
The book that changed Europe : Picart & Bernard's Religious ceremonies of the world
Cross-cultural psychology : research and applications
The menial art of cooking : archaeological studies of cooking and food preparation
There is a distinct possibility that, in the twenty-first century, Religious Studies as a discipline could come into its own. Its multidisciplinary orientation, if handled with due critical awareness as to its own former grandiose ambitions and present entanglements, could provide insight into the various problems that beset contemporary existence. Religious Studies has been involved in a number of internal debates that have sapped its energies and prevented it from advancing theoretically in ways that would help it address these problems. In this article I survey some of the developments that have taken place in other disciplines that could be of benefit in helping Religious Studies take its place as a discipline that is relevant for the twenty-first century.Keywords: Religious studies, cultural studies, culture, postcolonialism, gender.
Lapps and labyrinths : Saami prehistory, colonization and cultural resilience
A detailed analysis of Saami prehistory from 5000 BC to AD 1500 along 500 km of the Bothnian coast in northern Sweden. The Saami were highly specialised seal hunters, who also practiced animal husbandry, farming and metallurgy in ways analagous to the Norse. In the early fourteenth century they were assimilated by the Swedish state, Christianized and driven inland, where many became nomadic reindeer herders. Their land-uses, place-names, technologies and spiritual ideas have strongly impacted upon north Swedish society and left an indelible, if little appreciated, imprint on Nordic culture.
International Club at Savonia UAS
Beyond the crisis in US American studies : Scandinavian perspectives
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
The new media handbook
"Mohanty has assembled an innovative volume of essays situated at the intersection of at least three multi-disciplinary fields: postcolonial and subaltern theory; comparative literary analysis, especially with a South Asian and transnational focus; and the study of "alternative" and "indigenous" modernities. Contributors emphasize the strategies of resistance that are encoded in third world literary texts; comparative literary analysis, across cultures and regions - both within the "Global South" and beyond; the forms of indigenous modernity that preceded the colonial encounter, and thus provide alternatives to the modernity that was imposed through the colonial encounter with Europe; feminist perspectives in traditional and contemporary literature; and "realist" theoretical analyses of the epistemic implications of literary forms. This definitive new work grounds the political insights of postcolonial and subaltern theory in close textual analysis, and rather than make general pronouncements about "alternative modernities," it looks at their specifically textual (literary and cultural) manifestations"--
Limits of knowledge society : psychology and educational sciences, anthropology and cultural studies
Reading subaltern studies : critical history, contested meaning and the globalization of South Asia
CROSS-CULTURAL DIFFERENCES OF LEADERS : The Perception of the Chinese Working in Finland
Voices of foreign brides : the roots and development of multiculturalism in Korea
Comparative archaeologies : a sociological view of the science of the past
Religion : the basics
Fashion and cultural studies
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
Representations of authentic Japanese martial traditions : examining perspectives of instructors and students of koryū
Fashioning history : current practices and principles
A Market Research Study for Establishing an African Restaurant in Vaasa
Rethinking craft specialization in complex societies : archaeological analyses of the social meaning of production
Limits of knowledge society : anthropology and cultural studies. (2), Ethics, social and political philosophy : proceedings of the International Conference, Iași, 6-9 October 2010, Iași-Romania
Gods & monsters : a queer film classic
Exploring variability in early Holocene hunter-gatherer lifeways
Sound and sentiment : birds, weeping, poetics, and song in Kaluli expression
Sociocultural sustainability of rural community-based tourism : case study of local participation in fair trade coffee trail, Nicaragua
Perception of melodic complexity: a cross-cultural investigation
Handbook of multicultural perspectives on stress and coping
Summary: On the boundaries of autobiography, death and writing.
Dialogic methodology and the dialogic space created after an interview
Limits of knowledge society : epistemology and philosophy of sciences & economy
Migrating music
Nation, culture, text : Australian cultural and media studies
Comments on "Opportunities for ethnology in Finnish migration research : two pilot projects"
Affective methodologies : developing cultural research strategies for the study of affect
Routledge handbook of immigration and refugee studies
The theory toolbox : critical concepts for the humanities, arts, and social sciences
Gender and Germanness : cultural productions of nation
Connecting cross-cultural studies with service design to adapt services to new markets : a case study at IKEA Alam Sutera, Jakarta
An archaeology of interaction : network perspectives on material culture and society
Method and theory in religious studies : retrospect and prognostications
Construction of the entrepreneurial identity in the family business context : a cross-cultural study
Scholarly discussion as engineering the meanings of a European cultural heritage
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
Contemporary Spanish cultural studies
Entrepreneurship research in Europe : outcomes and perspectives
Colonialism, modernity, and literature : a view from India
Concise dictionary of social and cultural anthropology
This volume reveals the seminal role of material culture in understanding the Long Kesh / Maze prison during the course of the Troubles in Northern Ireland continuing into the peace process. Using a multitude of sources, it provides an interpretation of the Troubles and the continuing destabilizing role of material remnants of the conflict.
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Heritage, collective and individual memory in Kate Atkinson's Behind the scenes at the museum
Educational histories of European social anthropology
Theoretical and methodological challenges of cross-cultural interaction design
The new American studies
Religion in the emergence of civilization : Çatalhöyük as a case study
What about cultural policy? : interdisciplinary perspectives on culture and politics
Cultural crisis and prerequisites for cultural rebirth
Developing a Guide for Internship in Spain. Case: Spain Internship SC
Lesbian feminism has often been scorned as a marginal political dogma. Susan Cavin, a lesbian feminist sociologist, advances a new theory of women's oppression and women's liberation, based on cross-cultural data. She holds that original human societies were woman-centered, with females greatly outnumbering males; men occupied a marginal position. When armed men overthrew women's societies they integrated themselves into society, breaking women's power. "Female sexuality is the material content, the womb of social forms, and female sexuality is what turns society on," writes Cavin. "Men cannot make social forms without a female population base; but women can make social forms without a male base."
Cultural interactions : fifty years of American studies in Germany
Inescapable horizon : culture and context
Understanding messianism in Brazil : nnotes from a social anthropologist
Iron Age myth and materiality : an archaeology of Scandinavia, AD 400-1000
Alliteration occurs in a wide variety of contexts in stress-initial languages, including Icelandic, Finnish and Mongolian. It can be found in English from Beowulf to The Sun. Nevertheless, alliteration remains an unexamined phenomenon. This pioneering volume takes alliteration as its central focus across a variety of languages and domains.
The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication constitutes a comprehensive introduction to the multidisciplinary field of intercultural communication, drawing on the expertise of leading scholars from diverse backgrounds. The Handbook is structured in five sections and covers historical perspectives, core issues and topics, and new debates in the field, with a particular focus on the language dimension. Among the key themes addressed are: the foundation of intercultural communication; core themes and issues; putting intercultural communication theory into practice; new debates and future directions. The Handbook includes an introduction and overview by the editor, which provides readers with an indication of the focus of each section and chapter. The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication is the ideal resource for advanced undergraduates and postgraduate students of applied linguistics, TESOL/TEFL and communication studies.
The cultural landscape : an introduction to human geography
Times, things & places : 36 essays for Jussi Pekka Taavitsainen
Lund studies in arts and cultural sciences
Research design and methods for studying cultures
The Ethics of Cultural Heritage
The Routledge handbook of language and intercultural communication
Intercultural contacts in the ancient Mediterranean : proceedings of the International conference at the Netherlands-Flemish Institute in Cairo, 25th to 29th October 2008
Purnell's model for cultural competence in transcultural research : a literature review
Asian aesthetics
Nonlinear distortion in wireless systems : modeling and simulation with MATLAB
Culture's Effect on Communication in a Hotel Reception
Latitude : university of Lapland magazine
Eighteenth-century London through masks : notes on disguise, authenticity, and libertinage in eighteenth-century London city guides
The anthropological field on the margins of Europe, 1945-1991
The head beneath the altar : Hindu mythology and the critique of sacrifice
The institutional dynamics of culture : the new Durkheimians
Preferred realities : Soviet and post-Soviet amateur art in Novorzhev
Ancient perspectives on Egypt
