http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24183 managerial skills
managerial skills
The 8 dimensions of leadership : DiSC strategies for becoming a better leader
"While most leadership books try to answer the question "what is good leadership?" this book asks "how can people learn to lead?" The Leadership Skills Handbook reflects the collective knowledge, wisdom and experience of thousands of leaders who have contributed through surveys and interviews. It is based on research that identifies the five different groups of skills that leaders must have -- career skills, people skills, moment of truth skills, technical skills and values and behaviors. It covers some of the common challenges emerging leaders have expressed, such as: how to really take control; how to deal with politics of the organization; how to manage budgets when times are tough; how to achieve what's necessary with limited time and money and how to deal with stress. This new edition is updated with a new section on the mindset of success, as well as the latest thinking on resilience, collaboration and enterprising. Full of tips, exercises and advice, The Leadership Skills Handbook explains how to become a leader that people want to follow"--
Management skills for everyday life : the practical coach
The Effective Manager is a hands-on practical guide to great management at every level. Written by the man behind Manager Tools, the world's number-one business podcast, this book distills the author's 25 years of management training expertise into clear, actionable steps to start taking today.
Executive decisions : hospitality case studies in leadership, ethics, employee relations and external relations
Abstract: Emotionally intelligent leadership : qualitatively defining and quantitatively measuring performance-based emotional intelligence competencies.
Why should anyone work here? : what it takes to create an authentic organization
Professional growth and development : directions, delivery and dilemmas
Intelligent self-leadership : perspectives on personal growth
Nurse managers' leadership styles as part of leadership culture.
Leading through conflict : how successful leaders transform differences into opportunities
From the shadows into the spotlight : critical discourse analyses of bad leadership.
Defining the really great boss
Dealing with difficult people
Body language and the first line manager
The development of managerial skills : business reference guide
Key concepts in leadership
How to work for an idiot : revised and expanded with more idiots, more insanity, and more incompetency : survive & thrive without killing your boss
Abstract.
"The 8 Dimensions of Leadership is the first book to explore leadership through the lens of Inscape's third generation DiSC model of human behavior. This title is designed to paint an inclusive picture of the varied approaches that make for strong leadership. It primarily focuses on the interpersonal realm of leadership and helps readers identify which of the eight approaches comes most naturally to them. This book utilizes and explains the DiSC model to help leaders learn to be more effective in their relationships and leadership roles. Focusing on the reader's individual approach to leadership, the authors use primary literature and the latest research to support the third generation DiSIC model, which illustrates where different leadership styles fall on a simple circular map. Readers will be able to identify their own approach to leadership, explore the strengths and challenges that leaders with each of the approaches faces, and discover strategies for more effective leadership based on their personal approach"--
What got you here won't get you there : how successful people become even more successful!
Learning and development excellence criteria : how to apply the Baldrige and the Investors in People standard : self-assessment work book : 30 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Internet, mail, and mixed-mode surveys : the tailored design method
100 more great leadership ideas : from successful leaders and managers around the world
Skills of management
Enhancing leadership : the dynamics of leadership
Practical strategies for library managers
The effective manager
Organizing relationships : traditional and emerging perspectives on workplace relationships
"It used to be that businesses could ask individuals to conform to the organization's needs. But now leaders are charged with creating the best company on earth to work for: they must transform their organizations to attract the right people, keep them, and inspire them to do their best work. In Why Should Anyone Work Here? Rob Goffee and Gareth Jones identify the six key organizational attributes to do just that. In separate chapters, they delve deeply into each one: 1. Let people be themselves 2. Practice radical honesty 3. Magnify people's strengths 4. Stand for authenticity (more than shareholder value) 5. Make work meaningful 6. Make simple rules With vivid stories and examples, the authors illustrate the kind of strong, attractive workplace culture that leads to sustained high performance. They also provide ways of assessing how your company is doing, and describe the tensions and trade-offs that leaders must manage as they transform their organizations. Why Should Anyone Work Here? is the question all contemporary organizational leaders must constantly ask themselves if they want to survive and thrive in the new world. This is the book that will help them answer that question"--
Employee Relations
When people are the problem
Personality traits of leader and job satisfaction of subordinates
Speaking as a leader : how to lead every time you speak : from board rooms to meeting rooms, from town halls to phone calls
Leading at a higher level : Blanchard on leadership and creating high performing organizations
Good boss, bad boss : how to be the best... and learn from the worst
Trust development and dynamics at dyadic level : a narrative approach to studying processes of interpersonal trust in leader-follower relationships
The leadership skills handbook : 50 essential skills you need to be a leader
Managing people for the first time : gaining commitment and improving performance
Organizational communication : perspectives and trends
Conflicts and multicultural team : Developing competencies for managers
The work of leaders : how vision, alignment, and execution will change the way you lead
Make difficult people disappear : how to deal with stressful behavior and eliminate conflict
Presentation skills for managers
CHAPTER 1 What Predicts Success? CHAPTER 2 Developing Self-Awareness CHAPTER 3 Building Trust CHAPTER 4 Communicating Effectively CHAPTER 5 Gaining and Using Sustainable, Ethical Power and Influence CHAPTER 6 Managing Relationships with Your Direct Reports, Bosses, and Peers CHAPTER 7 Managing Cultural Diversity CHAPTER 8 Creating High-Performing Teams CHAPTER 9 Diverse Teams and Virtual Teams: Managing Differences and Distances CHAPTER 10 Crafting a Life: Your Guide to the Good Life.
Leading with communication : a practical approach to leadership communication
Learning and development excellence criteria : how to apply the EFQM and the Investors in People (IIP) standard : self-assessment work book : 30 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
The coaching manager : developing top talent in business
"Save your organization by building the skills to deal with difficult people We all have to work with people we can't stand to be around. Our challenge is to find creative ways to handle these difficult people. In the fable Make Difficult People Disappear, the skills and strategic plan needed to change your mindset are told through a clear, concise story. By first understanding the four main personality types in the workplace, Commander, Organizer, Relater, and Entertainer, readers can then devise effective strategies for diffusing unproductive and damaging behavior.This book serves to change the mindset and behavior of people who deal with difficulty on a regular basis.  Wofford describes how through understanding our behavior differences and natural reactions to stress, that utilizing a plan based on these differences the difficulty simply seems to disappear  Advises everyone from frustrated executives to entrepreneurs tired of dealing with difficult people who suck the life out of their organizations  Complete with a step-by-step action plan, Make Difficult People Disappear serves to replenish your confidence and build skills in leading those who until now you didn't know how to manage and felt there was no choice but to continue to deal with or ignore"--
Effective ways of empowerment
The agile librarian's guide to thriving in any institution
The science of leadership : lessons from research for organizational leaders
Socially competent leadership : predictors, impacts and skilling in engineering
