http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24179 audience development
audience development
Audience R(E)volution : dispatches from the field
Making contemporary art : how today's artists think and work
Museums and education : purpose, pedagogy, performance / Eilean Hooper-Greenhill
The complete guide to careers in special events : step toward success!
The competent public speaker
Museum educator's handbook
Open field : conversations on the commons / edited by Sarah Schultz and Sarah Peters
Freelancer's guide to corporate event design : from technology fundamentals to scenic and environmental design
Imagining the audience : viewing positions in curatorial and artistic practice
News production : theory and practice
Life of work: what office design can learn from the world around us sets out to make the twenty-first century workplace a more dynamic, engaging, colourful, flexible and inclusive place. Jeremy Myerson and Imogen Privett, from the Royal College of Art in London, looked in some unlikely places for ideas and inspiration? - the academic library, theatre design, pop up events in the city and intensive team environments in air traffic control, emergency medical departments and the newsroom. Working from the position that, whilst the design of most contemporary offices satisfies physical and functional requirements, it seldom supports the psychological comfort and individual needs of the people who use them every working day, Life of Work offers an agenda for change that has significant implications for every level of workplace design and implementation. Based on a major research project between the Helen Hamlyn Centre for Design at the Royal College of Art and two global industry partners, Haworth and Philips Lighting, Life of Work will be of value to anyone who has an interest in architecture or interior design, the politics and management of the working environment, space design and urban planning, as well as furniture design.
Electrical safety for live events
Reaching out : a musician's guide to interactive performance
Terrorism and the olympics : major event security and lessons for the future
Interrupting the city : artistic constitutions of the public sphere
The responsive museum : working with audiences in the twenty-first century
Throughout the pages of this collection, a wide range of voices sound the joy and fury of being in the trenches of the volatile discourse of enacting, staging, and sharing the experience of performance. The cultural workers in this book seek a revolution of heart, mind, and spirit. They question who we are and consistently ask that hospitality and its uses be placed at the center of the shared theatrical experience.
Visiting the visitor : an enquiry into the visitor business in museums
Archaeological heritage : methods of education and popularization
Audience development and arts management for public-funded cultural organisations : a response to the crisis of German municipal theatre
The new heritage : a missing link between Finnish archaeology and contemporary society?
The media student's book
Policing major events : perspectives from around the world
Human resource management for events : managing the event workforce
The museum time-machine : putting cultures on display
"The step-by-step process in Careers in Special Events will help event planners showcase their skills. It shows them how to create a unique and creative approach with a proven plan. Industry professionals provide insight and advice on gaining the appropriate skills, making contacts, networking, and using knowledge to ace job interviews. Various Action Steps are featured throughout the pages, as well as exercises to reinforce concepts. The Practice Activity at the end of each chapter helps measure progress and identify areas of individual focus. Samples of cover letters and thank you notes in addition to dining etiquette when interviewing over a meal are also presented to give event planners all the tools they'll need to succeed. -- Provided by publisher.
Communicational aspects of the symphonic music of Carl Nielsen : how does a contemporary audience respond to Carl Nielsen's symphony no. 2 after receiving "an elementary introduction" : lectio praecursoria
An in-depth analysis of the rapidly growing phenomenon of crowdsourcing reflects on the dramatic economic, cultural, business, and political implications of applying the open-source idea to a variety of fields outside of software development and addresses the unique opportunities and problems of this expanding trend.
New roles and missions of museums : INTERCOM 2006 symposium
Rakastaa, ei rakasta... : kokoelmien valitut = Love me or leave me : favourites from the collections
Musical encounters
Many theatres and theatre companies host post-show discussions, or talkbacks, as part of their season. Often these are done for established plays with the goal of audience cultivation; others are done as part of the new development process. While post-show discussions are fairly ubiquitous, without a clear definition of what they are, who they are for, how they are led, and how they are structured, they are floundering. Playwrights consider them a joke, theatres use them for audience cultivation on top of helping the playwright, thus muddying the focus of the discussions, and audiences are unsure as to their role in the post-show discussion because they aren't properly prepared for them. This book is a critical examination of what has and has not worked with post-show discussions utilized in new play development. Fisher provides a framework for understanding these discussions, steps for building the foundation of them, and strategies for structuring them in a variety of ways.
Media : communication and production : advanced textbook ; Helen Wright ... [et al.] ; Tricia Jenkins (toim.)
Outside the box : the relation between art and the public : project documentation 2013-2015 = eine frage nach dem verhältnis von kuns und öffentlichkeit : projekt dokumentation
Pinning down the past : archaeology, heritage, and education today
"The step-by-step process in Careers in Special Events will help event planners showcase their skills. It shows them how to create a unique and creative approach with a proven plan"--Provided by publisher.
It's all mediating: outlining and incorporating the roles of curating and education in the exhibition context
Life of work : what office design can learn from the world around us
In the making : creative options for contemporary art
Post-show discussions in new play development
Discourse in ethnomusicology. 2, A tribute to Alan P. Merriam
Conceptualizing engagement modes : understanding museum-audience relationships in Latvian museums
The world between us - contemporary museums as public spaces : case study : EMMA
Postdramatic theatre and the political : international perspectives on contemporary performance
Street art : in the artists' own words..
Taking part in music : case studies in ethnomusicology
The public face of conservation / edited by Emily Williams
Summary in Estonian.
Film and the working class : the feature film in British and American society
The caring museum : new models of engagement with ageing / edited by Hamish L. Robertson
Audience Revolution is a multiyear program to study, promote, and support successful audience-engagement and community-development strategies for the U.S. non-for-profit theatre field.
Museums in motion : an introduction to the history and functions of museums
The Freelancer's Guide to Corporate Event Design is the only book that will get the reader up to speed on the ever-changing and growing industry of corporate production. Written by one of the industry's leading designers, this book uses a candid and straightforward style to illustrate the process of designing a successful event. Learn the fundamentals of venue selection, rigging, lighting, audio, video, and scenic design with informative diagrams and detailed illustrations. This guide will show how to plan, design, and execute events of any size. Additionally, the designer will be armed with a strong knowledge of common mistakes, tips and tricks, and industry standards that will build and train a production team prepared for just about anything.
Rigging for entertainment : regulations and practice
Media witnessing : testimony in the age of mass communication
Crowdsourcing : why the power of the crowd is driving the future of business
Sport, recreation and tourism event management : theoretical and practical dimensions
Interrupting the City explores the ways in which artistic practices and interventions constitute the public sphere. To interrupt the city (be it digitally or materially) means to arrest the flow or circulation that the city consists of. The tactics by which this interruption is achieved may vary, ranging from a media offensive to riots in the streets, but each and every time these activities affect the public sphere, also make the public sphere. Thus, the public domain is constituted by a combination of social, political and media forces, in a continuous flux, continuously being interrupted. This book attempts to chart the conditions under which one is able to develop a voice in the public sphere, and to ask in what way these conditions could be altered by means of artistic interventions. Its contributions delve into the relations between artistic practices and the public space, including the various relations between art and politics.
Journalism today : a themed history
On television and journalism
A speaking postcard : essays on a sexual harassment case : publicity in the press
Journalists and the public : newsroom culture, letters to the editor, and democracy
Schaulager : preserve, study, share / [editor: Bettina Friedli]
