http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24111 responsibility (properties)
responsibility (properties)
The blame game : spin, bureaucracy, and self-preservation in government
Change the culture. Change the game : the breakthrough strategy for energizing your organization and creating accountability for results
Towards shared accountability in international human rights law : law, procedures and principles
International human rights law accountability of international financial institutions : minimal elements
Business leaders' narratives about responsibility in leadership work
Two sides of the coin : mapping responsible investment definition versus the definition by pension funds
Conscious will and responsibility
Responsible economics : E.F. Schumacher and his legacy for the 21st century
Christian responsibility and communicative freedom  : a challenge for the future of pluralistic societies / Wolfgang Huber
Responsible mining : a toolkit for the prevention and mediation of conflicts in the development of the mining sector
The real world of EU accountability : what deficit?
Corporate social responsibility is becoming more and more current issue and some sort of a hot topic in the business world. Companies are putting more effort into their own responsible activities than they did before and at the same time the public awareness of responsibilities of companies is growing. This thesis focuses on the tools for managing corporate social responsibility. The aim is to find out what kind of tools there are, which are the most suitable for the needs of small and medium enterprises and also to clarify the basic concepts and contents of CSR. This thesis is a qualitative research and interviews were used as the research method. Information about the CSR tools were gathered based on the interviews and also the selection criteria for the right tools for SMEs was drafted. The results show that the selection of tools is quite large. There are CSR tools for various purposes. Some are only for reporting CSR, some are designed to help companies in their environmental issues and some offer advice in the financial aspects of business. The conclusions state that only few of tools introduced are suitable for SMEs with little to no changes made to the principles of the tools. Most of the tools are developed for the purposes of bigger enterprises and without any changes they would require a lot of resources from an SME to be implemented properly.
Developed and developing world responsibilities for historical climate change and CO2 mitigation
CSR tools for Finnish SMEs
Applicability of host identities in securing network attachment and ensuring service accountability
Americans are fixated on the idea of choice. Our political theory is based on the consent of the governed. Our legal system is built upon the argument that people freely make choices and bear responsibility for them. And what slogan could better express the heart of our consumer culture than "Have it your way"? In this book, the author poses unsettling questions about the choices we make. What if they are more constrained and limited than we like to think? If we have less free will than we realize, what are the implications for us as individuals and for our society? To uncover the answers, he taps into scholarship on topics ranging from brain science to economics, political theory to sociology. His discoveries, told through an array of news events, personal anecdotes, crime stories, and legal decisions, confirm that many factors, conscious and unconscious, limit our free will. Worse, by failing to perceive them we leave ourselves open to manipulation. But he offers useful suggestions to help us become better decision makers as individuals, and to ensure that in our laws and public policy we acknowledge the complexity of choice.
Changing institutions and consumer-driven development of forest products and servicess
The Good struggle : responsible leadership in an unforgiving world
Introduction to responsive web design
Account episodes : the management or escalation of conflict
Securitization, accountability and risk management : transforming the public security domain
Consciousness and moral responsibility
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
This book is a further key output of TEEB (The Economics of Ecosystems and Biodiversity). It provides important new evidence of growing corporate concern about biodiversity loss and offers examples of how some leading companies are taking action to conserve biodiversity and to restore ecosystems. It reviews indicators and drivers of biodiversity loss and ecosystem decline, and shows how these present both risks and opportunities to business. It examines the changing preferences of consumers for nature-friendly products and services, and offers examples of how companies are responding. The book also describes recent initiatives to enable businesses to measure, value and report their impacts and dependencies on biodiversity and ecosystem services. A range of practical tools to manage biodiversity risks in business is reviewed, with examples of how some companies are using these tools to deliver added business value. It is shown how companies can take action to avoid, minimize and mitigate biodiversity and ecosystem service risks, using compensation ('offsets') where appropriate, based on the concept of Net Positive Impact. As a result they can grasp new business opportunities linked to biodiversity and ecosystem services, such as increasing cost-efficiencies, new products and new markets.The authors explore emerging business models that seek to deliver biodiversity benefits and ecosystem services on a commercial basis, the enabling frameworks needed to stimulate investment and entrepreneurship to realize such opportunities, and the obstacles that must be overcome. Overall, the book examines how businesses can align their actions in relation to biodiversity and ecosystem services with wider corporate social responsibility initiatives, including community engagement and poverty reduction"
The nature of moral responsibility : new essays
Teaching children responsible behavior : a complete toolkit
Consumer moral leadership
Responsibility and distributive justice
Human sexuality
Justice, luck, and knowledge
Considering character and excuses as blame mitigation: a comparative analysis of Strawsonian and Aristotelian account of moral responsibility
Corporate social responsibility : reporting practices in Finland
Moral psychology. Vol. 4, Free will and moral responsibility
Conversation & responsibility
Young future tourism professionals and ethical tourism
The economics of ecosystems and biodiversity in business and enterprise
Report of the Global Conference on Aquaculture 2010 : farming the waters for people and food : Phuket, Thailand, 20-25 September 2010.
Integrity, risk and accountability in capital markets : regulating culture
Routledge handbook of sport and corporate social responsibility
Perspectives on the quality of social responsibility monitoring schemes
Ethics and climate change : a study of national commitments
Ethics and socially responsible investment : a philosophical approach
With great power comes great responsibility? : China and the international practice of climate responsibility
Governing the uncertain : adaptation and climate in Russia and Finland
Political accountability is a crucial element of any democracy since it is a safeguard against power abuse and corruption, both urgent problems of many political systems in Southeast Asia. Based on social science theories, the author analyses from a comparative perspective the ways institutional engineering concerning different dimensions of political accountability influenced the quality of democracy in Indonesia, Thailand and the Philippines. By highlighting the successes and shortcomings, this book evaluates the degree these institutional reforms resulted in the deepening, stagnation, or regression of the respective democratization processes in these three Southeast Asian countries.
Taking responsibility for tourism : responsible tourism management
Accountable governance : problems and promises
Four lectures on ethics : anthropological perspectives
Accountability-based reforms : the impact on deaf and hard of hearing students
Social partnerships and responsible business : a research handbook
Practicalities bottleneck to pension fund responsible investment?
The book provides a detailed analysis of the development of adaptive governance in Russia and Finland. It presents a case study from the Sakha Republic in Russia that focuses on community's participation in the process of governing of the flood events in the Tatta River area. Local adaptive practices are analyzed in relation to federal and regional responses that may mandate, encourage or collide with community's agency. A second case study is centered on the Finnish community of Kuttura, Ivalo. It explores the mounting challenges presented by changing environmental conditions to traditional reindeer herding, as well as the efforts made to cope with these new factors. Combining anthropological research and political science, this penetrating work offers revealing scrutiny of governmental responses to one of the most urgent issues facing both politicians and the citizens who live in their domains.
The role, the goal and the soul of professional public relations : developing a holistic model of PR professionalism
Managing tourism in a changing world : issues and cases
The science of right in Leibniz's moral and political philosophy
A clear understanding of the issues surrounding climate change, global warming, air and water pollution, ozone depletion, deforestation, the loss of biodiversity and global poverty is essential for every manager in the hospitality industry. Present and future hospitality executives need to know how sustainable management systems can be integrated into their businesses while maintaining and hopefully improving the bottom line. "Sustainability in the Hospitality Industry" explores innovative ways to tackle the ever increasing costs of energy and water as well as the moral, ethical, social and political arguments for taking action. This book uses case studies throughout to explore the following key issues: How can hospitality properties and equipment be designed to use less resources? What are the benefits of using more sustainable food and beverage sources? How can environmental impacts be reduced and profitability increased? How can properties integrate sustainability management systems and stay one step ahead of the competition? How can the reputation of a hospitality operation be improved to attract investment by incorporating responsible marketing and corporate social responsibility policies? "Sustainability in the Hospitality Industry" contains stimulating new ideas, solutions, and strategies essential to every student and professional in the hospitality industry. Philip Sloan is from the department of Hospitality Management, International University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef, Bonn, Germany. Willy Legrand is from the Department of Hospitality Management, International University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef, Bonn, Germany. Joseph S. Chen is from the department of Recreation, Park and Tourism Studies, Indiana University, Bloomington, USA. It includes: revealing and refreshing ideas for the neglected area of sustainability in hospitality management; presents viable strategies for saving energy and promoting a positive image for hotel managers, restaurant managers and other hospitality providers; demonstrates principles with case studies from industry and chain hotels; and, stimulates new solutions and strategies to tackle the problem of increasing energy costs and to help alleviate pressure from environmental groups.
Transparency and accountability in science and politics : the awareness principle
Consumer citizenship : promoting new responses. Vol. 1, Taking responsibility
Rights based approaches to development in Ethiopia : theory, application and power dynamics
Institutional engineering and political accountability in Indonesia, Thailand, and the Philippines
Corporate responsibility market research for Nordic Countries : thesis: "Our CR work is an important part of our business value. Legislation is just defining level of our CR reporting" Case Tofuture Ltd
Sustainable innovation : a new age of innovation and Finland's innovation policy
Voluntary guidelines for securing sustainable small-scale fisheries in the context of food security and poverty eradication
Altered states : the globalization of accountability
Responsible church leadership
The implications of ownership experienced by three types of owners
Tourism industry is one of the fastest growing industries in the world. Hence ethical and responsible tourism are getting increasingly more value as the amount of travelers constantly grows. This thesis focuses on ethical and responsible tourism as well as on young future tourism professionals' relationship over ethical tourism. The objectives of the thesis, commissioned by Reilun matkailun yhdistys ry, were to find out young future tourism professionals thougths over ethical tourism, how aware they are of it and to survey whether ethicalness affects in their travel behavior and decision making before and during a trip. Similarly the thesis aimed to provide the commissioning association valuable and utilizable information for their future operations as messengers of ethical and responsible tourism. Also HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences was aimed to be an exploiter of the research results as the students' relationship towards ethicalness and working life was studied as well. The theoretical framework of the thesis consisted of three main parts: ethicalness, responsible tourism and sustainability in tourism. Plenty of literature was reviwed in order to assure the scientific approach in thesis. Also Internet sources were used to support the literature sources. The research method used was quantitative in order to survey a large target group and collect statictical data. The target group for the research was HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences' tourism students studying in Porvoo and Haaga units. A questionnaire was created with Webropol online solution and was sent centralized to the target group. The survey consisted of multiple choice questions as well as a scaled and an open ended question. The results of the research showed the survey participants' great interest towards ethical tourism and expressed clearly the respondents opinion over the importance of ethical tourism.
This collection critically examines the motivations for, processes within, and expected and actual outcomes of cross-sector partnerships. In opening up new theoretical, methodological, and practical perspectives on cross-sector social interactions, this book reimagines partnerships in order to explore the potential to contribute to the social good. A multi-disciplinary perspective on partnerships adds serious value to the debate in a range of fields including management, politics, public management, sociology, development studies, and international relations. Contributors to the volume reflect many of these diverse perspectives, enabling the book to provide an account of partnerships that is theoretically rich and methodologically varied.
Integrating corporate social responsibility into business in Finnish consumer goods companies
Ignorance and moral obligation
Neil Levy presents an original theory of freedom and responsibility. Cognitive neuroscience and psychology provide a great deal of evidence that our actions are often shaped by information of which we are not conscious; some psychologists have concluded that we are actually conscious of very few of the facts we respond to. But most people seem to assume that we need to be conscious of the facts we respond to in order to be responsible for what we do. Some thinkers have argued that this naive assumption is wrong, and we need not be conscious of these facts to be responsible, while others think it is correct and therefore we are never responsible. Levy argues that both views are wrong. He sets out and defends a particular account of consciousness-the global workspace view-and argues this account entails that consciousness plays an especially important role in action. We exercise sufficient control over the moral significance of our acts to be responsible for them only when we are conscious of the facts that give to our actions their moral character. Further, our actions are expressive of who we are as moral agents only when we are conscious of these same facts. There are therefore good reasons to think that the naive assumption, that consciousness is needed for moral responsibility, is in fact true. Levy suggests that this entails that people are responsible less often than we might have thought, but the consciousness condition does not entail that we are never morally responsible.
Collective and corporate responsibility
Market your way to growth : 8 ways to win
Land investments, accountability and the law : lessons from West Africa
According to conventional morality, either a business manager maximizes profits and compromises on morality, or sacrifices profits in order to remain moral. Woiceshyn explains why this is a false dichotomy and offers rational egoism as an alternative moral code to managers who want to be both profitable and moral.
Communicating Corporate Social Responsibility : challenges and benefits as perceived by members of Finnish Business and Society
Ethics as foreign policy : Britain, the EU and the other
Towards a responsible future in inland fisheries : EIFAAC 2012 Symposium, Hämeenlinna, Finland, 22-24 October 2012 : abstracts
Exploring the drivers of responsible investment in European pension funds
Stewardship : our accountability to God : documentation from the LWF/DMD international consultation on stewardship in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe : 8-12 November 1993
Design : the invention of desire
Business leaders’ narratives about responsibility in leadership work
Promoting research integrity in a global environment / editors: Tony Mayer, Nicholas Steneck
Social responsibilities of organized labor
Cases in accountability : the work of the GAO
This outstanding collection of essays explores Hannah Arendt's thought against the background of recent world-political events unfolding since September 11, 2001, and engages in a contentious dialogue with one of the greatest political thinkers of the past century, with the conviction that she remains one of our contemporaries. Themes such as moral and political equality, action and natality, and judgment and freedom are reevaluated with fresh insights by a group of thinkers who are themselves well known for their original contributions to political thought. Other essays focus on novel and little-discussed themes in the literature by highlighting Arendt's views of sovereignty, international law and genocide, nuclear weapons and revolutions, imperialism and Eurocentrism, and her contrasting images of Europe and America. Each essay displays not only superb Arendt scholarship but also stylistic flair and analytical tenacity.
What can the Finnish food chain be proud of? Views on value added factors in the Finnish food chain.
CSR in the Finnish banking industry
Luck, value, and commitment : themes from the ethics of Bernard Williams
Responsibility in government : Theory a. practice
The sea on fire
For years, school reform efforts targeted either students in regular education or those with special needs, but not both. As a result of the No Child Left Behind legislation (NCLB) and its focus on accountability, administrators established policies that would integrate the needs of students who previously were served under separate frameworks. Using the NCLB structure as a starting point, Stephanie W. Cawthons new book Accountability-Based Reforms: The Impact on Deaf and Hard of Hearing Students discusses key assumptions behind accountability reforms. She specifically examines how elements of these reforms affect students who are deaf or hard of hearing, their teachers, and their families. Cawthon begins by providing a brief introduction to the deaf education context, offering detailed information on student demographics, settings, and academic outcomes for deaf students. She then outlines the evolution of accountability-based education reforms, following with a chapter on content standards, assessment accommodations, accountability as sanctions, and students with disabilities. The remaining chapters in Accountability-Based Reforms closely examine educational professionals, accountability, and students who are deaf or hard of hearing; school choice policies and parents; and deaf education and measures of success. Each chapter presents an overview of an important component of accountability reform, available research, and how it has been implemented in the United States. These chapters also offer recommendations for future action by educators, parents, researchers, and education policymakers.
A history of state responsibility : the struggle for international standards
The Routledge handbook of responsible investment
Media accountability in Tanzania's multiparty democracy : does self-regulation work?
Representation
Sustainability in the hospitality industry : principles of sustainable operations
Leadership sustainability : seven disciplines to achieve the changes great leaders know they must make
Digging deeper : how purpose-driven enterprises create real value
Parentonomics : an economist dad looks at parenting
The Chickenhawk syndrome : war, sacrifice, and personal responsibility
The effects of corporate responsibility on purchasing decision making
Perceptions of corporate social responsibility : a case study of the perceived contents and outcomes
John M. Doris presents a new account of agency and responsibility, which reconciles our understanding of ourselves as moral agents with psychological research on the unconscious mind. Much philosophical theorizing maintains that the exercise of morally responsible agency consists in judgment and behavior ordered by accurate reflection. On such theories, when human beings are able to direct their lives in the manner philosophers have dignified with the honorific 'agency', it's because they know what they're doing, and why they're doing it. This understanding is compromised by quantities of psychological research on unconscious processing, which suggests that accurate reflection is distressingly uncommon; very often behavior is ordered by surprisingly inaccurate self-awareness. Thus, if agency requires accurate reflection, people seldom exercise agency, and skepticism about agency threatens. To counter the skeptical threat, John M. Doris proposes an alternative theory that requires neither reflection nor accurate self-awareness: he identifies a dialogic form of agency where self-direction is facilitated by exchange of the rationalizations with which people explain and justify themselves to one another. The result is a stoutly interdisciplinary theory sensitive to both what human beings are like - creatures with opaque and unruly psychologies - and what they need: an account of agency sufficient to support a practice of moral responsibility.
The future in us : education for global responsibility.
Mining, development and environment in Central Asia : toolkit companion with case studies
Branded responsibility : exploring strategic CSR in product branding - a dyadic case study from paper industry
Essays on business and leadership ethics
Responsbile advertising in video games
Corporate power and responsible capitalism? : towards social accountability
Be(com)ing human : semiosis and the myth of reason
Politics in dark times : encounters with Hannah Arendt
Managing corporate social responsibility : a communication approach
The business solution to poverty : designing products and services for three billion new customers
Responsibility for justice
Transnational responsibilities and multi-sited strategies : voluntary associations of Somali diaspora in Finland
Interpreting CISG Article 79 (1): Economic Impediment and the Reasonability Requirement
From normativity to responsibility
How to be profitable and moral : a rational egoist approach to business
The myth of choice : personal responsibility in a world of limits
Philip Kotler and Milton Kotler show you how to survive rough economic waters With the developed world facing slow economic growth, successfully competing for a limited customer base means using creative and strategic marketing strategies. Market Your Way to Growth presents eight effective ways to grow in even the slowest economy. They include how to increase your market share, develop enthusiastic customers, build your brand, innovate, expand internationally, acquire other businesses, build a great reputation for social responsibility, and more.
Mining, development and environment in Central Asia : a cartoon summary of the toolkit companion
Talking to our selves : reflection, ignorance, and agency
The invisible moral order : agency, accountability and responsibility in therapy talk
Ethics in technology : a philosophical study
