http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24211 functional magnetic resonance imaging
functional magnetic resonance imaging
Advances in analysis and exploration in medical imaging
New approaches to statistical analysisof fMRI data
Personality affects musical emotion processing : an fMRI-study
Explicit and implicit emotion processing from musical stimuli : a functional magnetic resonance study
Functional imaging of peripheral vision and dorsal visual stream in the human cerebral cortex
The Oxford handbook of neuroethics
Social perception and cognition : processing of gestures, postures and  facial expressions in the human brain
Characterizing functional MRI contrast as obtained with diffusion and spin-lock weighted techniques
Activations of human auditory cortex associated with task-dependent processing of spatially varying sounds
Neural correlates of thinking
Social perception and cognition : processing of gestures, postures and facial expressions in the human brain
Data-driven analysis for natural studies in functional brain imaging
Dynamic similarity of brain activity in humans : from single areas to functional networks
Foundational issues in human brain mapping
Processing of pitch and spatial information in the human auditory cortex during auditory and visual tasks : an fMRI study
Infra-slow fluctuations in simultaneous EEG-fMRI
Dimensionality, noise separation and full frequency band perspectives of ICA in resting state fMRI : investigations into ICA in resting state fMRI
Functional MR paradigm of auditory sentence comprehension for language lateralization
Expanding fMRI : multi-subject analysis method based on contextual clustering
Functional neuroimaging in clinical populations
Representation of emotional valence in human brain
μ-opioid receptor modulation of brain resting-state functional connectivity
A study of rodent brain function with functional and pharmacological magnetic resonance imaging
Brain imaging has been immensely valuable in showing us how the mind works. However, many of our ideas about how the mind works come from disciplines like experimental psychology, artificial intelligence and linguistics, which in their modern form date back to the computer revolution of the 1940s, and are not strongly linked to the subdisciplines of biomedicine. Cognitive science and neuroscience thus have very separate intellectual roots, and very different styles. Unfortunately, these two areas of knowledge have not been well integrated as far as higher mental processes are concerned. So how can these two be reconciled in order to develop a full understanding of the mind and brain? This is the focus of this landmark book from leaders in the field. Coming more than two decades after Shallice's classic 'From neuropsychology to mental structure', 'The Organisation of Mind' establishes a strong historical, empirical, and theoretical basis for cognitive neuroscience. The book starts by reviewing the history and intellectual roots of the field, looking at some of the researchers who guided and influenced it. The basic principles - theoretical and empirical and the inferential relation between them - are then considered with particular emphasis being placed on inferences to the organisation of the cognitive system from two empirical methodologies - neuropsychology and functional imaging. The core skeleton of the cognitive system is then analysed for the areas most critical for understanding rational thought. In the third section the components of simple cognitive acts are described, namely semantic processing, working memory, and cognitive operations. In the final section, more complex higher-level modulating processes are considered, including, supervisory processing, episodic memory, consciousness and problem-solving.
Resting-state functional MRI in behavioral variant of frontotemporal dementia
Introduction to functional magnetic resonance imaging : principles and techniques
Acoustic, neural, and perceptual correlates of polyphonic timbre
Inter-subject correlation analysis for functional magnetic resonance imaging : properties and validation
Neuroimaging of human memory : linking cognitive processes to neural systems
Knowledge discovery using diffusion maps
Dynamics of brain activity underlying working memory for music in a naturalistic condition
Model-based exploration of interactions in the visual cortex
Optimization and implementation of preclinical pharmacologic fMRI for drug research and development
Pattern classification methods to analyze dynamic complex systems : applications with fMRI, gene expression and radar data
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration (FTLD) is the second most common neurodegenerative disease leading to early-onset dementia with an estimated worldwide prevalence of 10 to 30 cases per 100000 individuals in the age group of 46 to 65 years. Behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia (bvFTD) is the most common FTLD subtype. It is characterized by a progressive deterioration of behavior and personality as well as executive dysfunction. In Finland, almost 50 % of familial FTLD cases are attributable to the C9ORF72 mutation.bvFTD is associated with a characteristic pattern of brain atrophy detectable in structural MRI. However, these changes are typically not visible in the early stages of the disease. Resting-state functional MRI (RS-fMRI) is being increasingly used to evaluate changes in functional connectivity within neuronal networks in the brain but only a few RS-fMRI investigations of bvFTD patients have been published with inconsistent results.The object of this thesis was to investigate functional connectivity changes detected in the salience (SLN) and default mode networks (DMN) in bvFTD. Another aim was to clarify the role of other cognitive resting-state networks in this disease.A cohort of 26 bvFTD patients was studied, with 8 of these patients carrying the C9ORF72 expansion. Connectivity changes were detected in multiple clinically relevant cognitive networks. Decreased functional connectivity was observed in the SLN, which is associated with guiding of behavior. Increased activity was present in the DMN and the dorsal attention network (DAN). In C9ORF72 associated bvFTD, there was an abnormal linkage detected between the DMN and the thalamus.Currently, fMRI is generally used as a research tool and in a group setting. Different study methods have been used in the literature and also in the studies of this thesis, the analysis procedures differed to some extent. The variety of analysis methods may explain the heterogeneity in fMRI findings in bvFTD patients. There is a need for standardization of the fMRI methodology, larger study groups and also in the future the methodology should be improved so that single patient analysis would provide results to allow a confident diagnosis of this disease.
Functional human neuroimaging using clinical tools : studies of cortical motor areas
Neuropsychological performance and functional MRI findings in children with non-lesional temporal lobe epilepsy
Functional imaging of peripheral vision and dorsal stream function in the human cerebral cortex
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The organisation of mind
Functional magnetic resonance imaging in Alzheimer's disease
Human brain mapping using structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging and transcranial magnetic stimulation
Methods in mind
Integrating near-infrared spectroscopy to synchronous multimodal neuroimaging : applications and novel findings
