http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24297 texture
texture
Effect of microstructure on the mechanical properties and bendability of direct-quenched ultrahigh-strength steels
Photoshop for 3D artists. v. 1 : enhance your 3D renders! - previz, texturing and post-production
Surface Detail Mapping in 3D Modelling
Measurement of the texture of cooked ham and the effect of texture on perceived saltiness
Living with pattern : color, texture and print at home
Getting a feel for tactile space
Vision-based human motion description and recognition
Image and video analysis by local descriptors and deformable image registration
Hardware architecture for texture-based image segmentation
The behavior of stabilized high-chromium ferritic stainless steels in hot deformation
Towards optimal local binary patterns in texture and face description
Photoshop for 3d artists. V1 : Enchance your 3D renders! : previz, texturing and post-production
"Learn to create textiles that are rich with color and texture. Using either a simple four- or eight-shaft loom, you can discover how to mix color and yarn types in your weaving with Color and Texture in Weaving."--P. [4] of cover.
Art beyond the lens : working with digital textures
The effect of austenite pancaking in the non-recrystallisation regime on microstructure and mechanical properties, especially bendability, was investigated in direct-quenched ultrahigh-strength strip steels with martensitic-bainitic microstructures.Lowering the finishing rolling temperature (FRT) increased total reduction in the non-recrystallisation region (R tot). Niobium microalloying increased Rtot while variations in C, Mn and Mo did not affect Rtot to the same extent as Nb. A decrease in the FRT increased the incidence of softer microstructures such as ferrite and granular bainite in the subsurface layers. The microstructures at the centreline were comprised of auto-tempered martensite with some bainite. An increase in Rtot strengthens the intensities of the ~{554}<225>α and ~{112}<110>α texture components at the centreline and the components ~{112}<111>α and ~{110}<112>α - {110}<111>α at the strip subsurface.Bendability is poorer with the bend axis perpendicular rather than parallel to the rolling direction (RD) and is further impaired with increasing hardness below the sheet surface. An intense ~{112}<111>α shear texture combined with upper bainite containing MA islands in the subsurface region is shown to be detrimental to bendability when the bend axis is perpendicular to the RD. This anisotropy of bendability can be explained by the appearance of geometric softening in grain clusters belonging to this texture component when the bend axis is perpendicular to the RD. Shear localisation is prevented, however, by the presence of a sufficiently thick subsurface microstructure having adequate work hardening capacity, i.e., ferrite + granular bainite rather than ferrite + upper bainite. The strain required to initiate strain localisation can be increased and good bendability thereby achieved—even in the presence of detrimental texture components—by ensuring thepresence of a sufficiently soft subsurface layer extending to a depth of approximately 5% of the total sheet thickness.The above beneficial microstructures can be obtained and good bendability ensured in direct-quenched strip steel with a yield stress above 900 MPa together with good impact toughness, provided a suitable combination of chemical composition and processing parameters is selected and sufficient attention is paid to steelmaking operations to obtain a proper inclusion structure.
Color and texture in weaving : 150 contemporary designs
Computational methods for capture and reproduction of photorealistic surface appearance
Design fundamentals : notes on visual elements & principles of composition
Visual texture : accurate material appearance measurement, representation and modeling
Development of an EBSD data analyzing software for microtexture and mesotexture studies in cubic materials
Design texture
Three-dimensional roughness analysis for multiscale textured surfaces : quantitative characterization and simulation of micro- and nanoscale structures
Enhanced seed selection method for diffusion tensor tractography
Fabrication of functional surfaces using ultrashort laser pulse ablation
