http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2423 fictional places
fictional places
Midnight tides : a tale of the Malazan book of the fallen
Warhammer the end times : Vermintide : Xbox One
Warhammer the end times : Vermintide : PS4
The book of legendary lands
Abstract.
The round house
Glorantha : the second age : [core rulebook]
The dictionary of imaginary places
Illusion town
The Land of Goodies : a Faraway Tree adventure
Elantris : tenth anniversary author's definitive edition
Bioshock infinite : the complete edition : PlayStation 3
Will Morgan is a creature of habit--a low-budget insurance detective who walks to and from work with the flow of one-way traffic, and for whom imagination is a thing of the distant past. When a job opportunity enters the frame in the form of the mysterious Mr. Dinsdale--curator of the ever so slightly less-than-impressive Curioddity Museum--Will reluctantly accepts the task of finding a missing box of levity (the opposite of gravity). What he soon learns, however, is that there is another world out there--a world of magic we can only see by learning to un-look at things--and in this world there are people who want to close the Curioddity museum down. With the help of his eccentric new girlfriend Lucy, Will will do everything he can to deliver on his promise to help Mr. Dinsdale keep the Curioddity Museum in business. Curioddity is Paul Jenkins' debut novel... exciting, fast-paced, and uncanny. A must-read / Library of Congress.
Atlantis : the truth behind the legend
First lord's fury
Lamentations of the Flame princess : weird fantasy role-playing
The islanders
Narn i chîn Húrin : the tale of the children of Húrin
Realms of fantasy : [an illustrated exploration of ten of the most famous worlds in fantasy fiction]
The dragon's call
The lost world
Skylanders universe : chronicles
City of stairs : a novel
Tales of Majipoor
The magic Faraway Tree
Ptolemy's gate
The Dappity Doofer
The Melting Sea
Dorastor : land of doom
The island of California : a history of the myth
Fire and fury
The wind of the Khazars
City of Stairs
Pathfinder : adventure path. Part 1 of 6
Journeys : stories
The illegal : a novel
Born of shadows
The land of birthdays : a Faraway Tree adventure
Plots within plots, lies within lies until she's not sure what the truth even looks like ...Baru Cormorant believes any price is worth paying to liberate her people - even her soul. When the Empire of Masks conquers her island home, overwrites her culture, criminalizes her customs, and murders one of her fathers, Baru vows to mask her hate, join the Empire's civil service, and claw her way high enough up the rungs of power to put stop to the Emperor's influence and set her people free - whatever the price. A natural savant, she is sent as an Imperial agent to distant Aurdwynn - a post she worries will never get her the position and power she craves. But Baru soon discovers Aurdwynn is a complex and secretive country seemingly on the brink of rebellion. All it would need is a match to the tinder ...Drawn by the intriguing duchess Tain Hu into a circle of seditious dukes, Baru may be able to use her position to help create a revolution that will threaten the Empire's hold on the country. An outcome, which if successful, could threaten to bring the Empire to its knees. As she pursues a precarious balance between the rebels and a shadowy cabal within the Empire, she orchestrates a do-or-die gambit with freedom as the prize. But winning the long game of saving her people may be far more costly than Baru imagines.
Froi of the exiles
Mrs Bradshaw's handbook : an illustrated guide to the railway
A song of ice and fire campaign guide : a setting sourcebook for a song of ice and fire roleplaying
Shangri-La : a travel guide to the Himalayan dream
The phoenix's flame
The complete Orsinia : Malafrena ; stories and songs
Scarred lands campaign setting : Ghelspad
Qwilleran's short and tall tales : Moose County legends collected by James Mackintosh Qwilleran
Hav : comprising last letters from Hav ; Hav of the Myrmidons
The maze runner files
The gradual
"In 2005, Brandon Sanderson debuted with Elantris, an epic fantasy unlike any other then on the market. To celebrate its tenth anniversary, Tor is reissuing Elantris in a special edition, a fresh chance to introduce it to the myriad readers who have since become Sanderson fans. This new edition begins with a preface by author Dan Wells, the first person to read the completed novel, and a new afterword by Sanderson explaining how he came to write the book and its place in the Cosmere, the unified universe of all his Tor novels. Also included is the first book appearance of the short story "The Hope of Elantris," revealing interesting action referred to late in the novel, and an expanded version of the "Ars Arcanum" appendix, with more of the technical details of the book's magic that fans can never get enough of. Elantris was truly a milestone both for Sanderson and for the genre of epic fantasy. It deserves this special treatment, something Tor has done only once before, with Orson Scott Card's Ender's Game. Sanderson fans old and new will be excited to discover it"
Bioshock infinite : the complete edition : Xbox 360
The silver mage : book seven of the Dragon Mage
Star wars : the essential atlas
The assassin's blade
World of warcraft : chronicle. Volume 1
Excavating London's St Giles as imaginative place: Towards a dialogic relationship between literary studies and the urban humanities
Into the still blue. Book 3, Under the Never Sky
A song of ice and fire : roleplaying
HeroQuest : Glorantha
Voyage to Atlantis
Molvanîa : a land untouced by modern dentistry ..
Pathfinder : adventure path. Part 5 of 6
Pathfinder : adventure path. Part 4 of 6
The Golem's eye
Children's literary houses : famous dwellings in children's fiction
Bioshock the collection : PS4
The traitor
The magic faraway tree
Royal assassin Celaena must travel to a new land to confront a truth about her heritage, while brutal and monstrous forces are gathering on the horizon, intent on enslaving her world.
Toklo, Kallik, Lusa, and Yakone trek onward toward the Melting Sea, the site of Kallik's traumatic cubhood--and prepare to be separated for the first time since their journey began
Pathfinder : adventure path. Part 6 of 6
Shattered pillars
Atlantis and the kingdom of the Neanderthals : 100,000 years of lost history
On dragonwings : Dragonsdawn : Dragonseye : Moreta
Southland : a case study-based training exercise in policy analysis for the agricultural and rural sector
The accord
The pony's hoof
Here be dragons : exploring fantasy maps and settings
Night's watch : a sourcebook for A song of ice and fire : campaign guide : a Games of Thrones edition
The world of ice & fire : the untold history of Westeros and the Game of Thrones
The amulet of Samarkand
The natural world of Winnie-the-Pooh : exploring the real landscapes of the Hundred Acre Wood
The land of magic medicines : a Faraway Tree adventure
World Of Warcraft : Chronicle volume 1.
The tunnel behind the waterfall
Valkyria chronicles : remastered : PlayStation 4
Pathfinder : adventure path. Part 3 of 6
Shadow chaser
Guide to Glorantha : Argan Argar Assosiation (AAA) : Gloranthan atlas
The Land of Do-As-You-Please : a Faraway Tree adventure
Pathfinder : adventure path. Part 2 of 6
Legenderry : a steampunk adventure
The children of the lost
Heir of fire
The dictionary of science fiction places
Island of shadows
The measure of the magic
Where was Wonderland? : a traveller's guide to the settings of classic children's books
Dragonheart
