http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24254 viral marketing
viral marketing
The new rules of marketing & PR : how to use social media, online video, mobile applications, blogs, news releases, and viral marketing to reach buyers directly
Facebook Marketing for Dummies / Paul Dunay and Richard Krueger
Get rich with Twitter : harness the power of the Twitterverse and reach more customers than ever before
The relationship between brand love and positive word of mouth
The Xiaomi way : customer engagement strategies that built one of the largest smartphone companies in the world
"The pioneering guide to the future of marketing, The New Rules of Marketing & PR, has been updated and revised to retain its place as the top marketing and public relations book available. Learn the latest tools and techniques to communicate with buyers directly and in real-time, raise online visibility, and increase sales. For professionals, entrepreneurs, business owners, and professors alike, this one-of-a-kind guide offers actionable strategies that can be implemented immediately. In this completely revised and updated Fifth edition, David Meerman Scott offers fresh examples of success from organizations around the world ; delivers revised and expanded information on techniques like Inbound Marketing, Content Marketing, and Newsjacking; and offers the latest on social networks such as YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, and LinkedIn. The New Rules of Marketing & PR gives you the inside track to gain attention for your product, service, or idea at a fraction of the cost of traditional marketing and PR programs." -- Back cover.
Now in its sixth edition, Digital Marketing: Strategy, Implementation and Practice provides comprehensive, practical guidance on how companies can get the most out of digital media and technology to meet their marketing goals. Digital Marketing links marketing theory with practical business experience through case studies and interviews from cutting edge companies such as eBay and Facebook, to help students understand digital marketing in the real world. Readers will learn best practice frameworks for developing a digital marketing strategy, plus success factors for key digital marketing techniques including search marketing, conversion optimisation and digital communications using social media including Twitter and Facebook.
The new rules of marketing & PR : how to use social media, online video, mobile applications, blogs, news releases, & viral marketing to reach buyers directly
The connected customer : the changing nature of consumer and business markets
Social media marketing : a strategic approach
New challenges for tourism promotion : tackling high competition and multimedia changes
Developing social media marketing for Cupcake Mum Ltd
How are new media changing the business environment? : who are the winners?
Museum Marketing : Marketing the Finnish Aviation Museum through Multimodal Marketing and Social Media
Viral marketing in B2B software business : tracking and analyzing referral networks
The thesis was carried out as a research-based thesis for Finnkino. The objective of the thesis is to study the connection between social media and film marketing. Firstly, the intention is to find out what kinds of attitudes customers have towards different types of marketing contents in social media when talking about film marketing. Secondly, the intention is to study what type of content in social media can help raise interest around the film. And finally, the study aims to find out how Facebook can be used affectively when marketing a film in social media. The case film chosen was Despicable me. The theoretical framework was based on film marketing theory by Fiona Kerrigan. The framework was also based on several theories and articles about social media, such as the CREF-model (marketing in social media) by Salmenkivi & Nyman and the customer bonding triangle by Szmigin & Reppel. Other relevant and current articles on social media, Facebook and film marketing were also examined and briefly presented. A comprehensive framework was constructed from the basis of these theories. The research method applied in the empirical part of the study was quantitative. An online questionnaire was created using Webropol. The survey was distributed through Facebook by two different channels; it was sent to the researcher's friends and also posted on the Finnish site of Despicable me (Itse ilkimys).The survey was available online 18.-31.10.2010 after which the responses were gathered, examined, analyzed and presented. Microsoft Excel-tools were used in analyzing the results in order to provide cross tabulating and filter the responses. The results indicated that users prefer unique and original film marketing in social media. The value of the trailer was confirmed as the biggest and most effective asset of the film. Elements such as interaction between user and the company, competitions, viral material and recommendations from one's own network were perceived very positively. In sum, users value video content in social media and the value of suggestions coming from their own network can highly raise the interest towards a film. Facebook-page of a film can have interesting content such as the trailer, but the findability of a film's Facebook page needs to be improved. Original and unexpected content is important and it can create want-to-see among audience prior to the theatrical release of the film.
"David Meerman Scott's marketing bible has become a modern day business classic. This is the book every ambitious, forward-thinking, progressive marketer or publicist has at the front of their shelf. Business communication has changed over the recent years. Creative ad copy is no longer enough. The New Rules of Marketing and PR has brought thousands of marketers up to speed on the changing requirements of promoting products or services in the new digital age. This is a one-of-a-kind, pioneering guide, offering a step-by-step action plan for harnessing the power of the Internet to communicate with buyers directly, raise online visibility, and increase sales. It's about getting the right message to the right people at the right time - for a fraction of the cost of a big-budget advertising campaign. This new, updated edition includes: a new introduction discussing recent changes to the world of marketing and PR; a brand new chapter on mobile marketing; an additional chapter on real-time marketing and PR; uipdated information on how to measure the success of your campaigns; a range of new tools; fresh case studies"--Provided by publisher.
The new community rules : marketing on the social web
Impact of word-of-mouth on consumer decision-making : an information processing perspective in the context of a high-involvement service
The role of electronic word-of-mouth in consumers' online purchase decision making : an eye-tracking study
Discusses the strategies, tactics, and techniques needed to use Facebook as an effective marketing tool and explains how to design a Facebook page, host a contest, and create an advertising campaign.
Online marketing help : how to promote your online business using Twitter, Facebook, MySpace and other social networks
Antecedents of and their effect on trust in online word-of-mouth : case Finnish discussion forums
Public relations for dummies
The linked photographers' guide to online marketing and social media
Paid, owned, earned : maximizing marketing returns in a socially connected world
Internet marketing : strategy, implementation and practice
Viral marketing : potential and pitfalls
Social media management : technologies and strategies for creating business value
Viral marketing : the science of sharing
Swedish market entry strategy utilizing Internet marketing : the utilization of Internet marketing in a cost effective and efficient way to market a virtual world onto the Swedish market
Managing content marketing : the real-world guide for creating passionate subscribers to your brand
Why millennials initiate E-WOM? : cultural comparison of Finland and Russia
Bite-sized marketing : realistic solutions for the overworked librarian
You create attention to attract attention : viral marketing of digital music in social networks
Shows you how to grow your business and strengthen your brand by leveraging photos, videos, infographics, presentations, and other rich media. This book delivers a powerful road map for getting started, while inspiring new levels of creativity within organizations of all types and sizes.
Brand love : a study of consumers’ love toward brands
Reference communication and third actors in the initiation of business relationships
Swedish market entry strategy utilizing Internet marketing: the utilization of Internet marketing in a cost effective and efficient way to market a virtual world
Content chemistry : the illustrated handbook for content marketing
Film marketing in social media : case: Despicable Me
Artist marketing in social media
Offers a step-by-step action plan for harnessing the power of modern marketing and PR to communicate with buyers directly, raise visibility, and increase sales, showing how large and small companies, nonprofits, and other organizations can leverage Web-based content to get the right information to the right people at the right time for a fraction of the cost of big-budget campaigns.
Digital marketing : strategy, implementation and practice
Facebook marketing for dummies
Connecting with consumers : marketing for new marketplace realities
Leading open innovation
Beyond viral : how to attract customers, promote your brand, and make money with online video
Social selling luxury : Increase sales by engaging in the digital world
The anatomy of buzz revisited : real-life lessons in word-of-mouth marketing
Contagious : why things catch on
The complexity of media that now sees multiple channels accessed through multiple devices has created major challenges for today's marketing and advertising professionals. This title defines the constituents of each area of 'paid', 'owned' and 'earned' media and shows how they are linked together.
Using social media platforms for successful marketing strategy : case: Ravintola Basecamp, Helsinki
Viral marketing in the mobile application market
Viral marketing in a Finnish medium sized gaming company : discovering, analyzing and building an improved management process for viral marketing campaingns, case: Nitrogames
Marketing plan for a circus production : case company: Cie Nuua
Talking about food : an investigation to consumers' word-of-mouth discussions in relation to food products
Corporate social irresponsibility & electronic word of mouth : case Volkswagen emissions crisis
BuyerRank : online social network analysis for viral marketing : a method of online social network analysis
The face-to-face book : why real relationships rule in a digital marketplace
Implementing viral marketing : an action research of realizing viral marketing in mobile application domain
Effects of company reputation on commitment, loyalty, and identification, and their respective influence on customer citizenship behaviours
The anatomy of buzz : how to create word-of-mouth marketing
User Base Growth via Viral Marketing: The Contributory Factors : case: Ostosnero by Avansera Ltd.
Brandstorm : surviving and thriving in the new consumer-led marketplace
The viral video manifesto : why everything you know is wrong and how to do what really works
The new rules of marketing and PR : how to use social media, blogs, news releases, online video, & viral marketing to reach buyers directly
The power of visual storytelling : how to use visuals, videos, and social media to market your brand
Viral loop : The power of pass-it-on
The dynamics of marketing have changed rapidly during the past five years, bringing new opportunities as well as challenges for marketers. As people are becoming less responsive to traditional means of marketing, the various social media have become a relevant part of companies' daily media mix. Social media have also increased their popularity among mothers in the UK and the concept of “mummy blogging” has come into being. As these bloggers are very influential, they are valuable targets for marketers. This is also a current concern for Cupcake Mum which is a members' club for families, particularly for mothers and mothers-to-be. This London-based company was the sponsor organisation of this thesis study. The purpose of this thesis was to study the marketing prospects of social media and to ascertain how to best use them as a strategic marketing channel to reach families, mothers and expectant mothers, which form the target audience of Cupcake Mum. The objective of the study was to learn what social media platforms the target group uses, how often they use them and for what reasons. The theoretical section reflects on the social media revolution and discusses the mummy blogging phenomenon in the UK. A quantitative study method was used to obtain more practical information as the research wanted to study the interests, behaviour, and motivations towards social media of the research group, i.e. Cupcake Mum. A social media survey was conducted among the members of Cupcake Mum through an electronic newsletter, and the data were collected in spring 2011. An observation that emerged throughout this entire social media research study is that the world of mothers is complex and busy. Therefore, this specific target group can be very challenging for a marketer to reach. In the social media survey, Facebook proved to be the most popular social media platform among members, since most of the respondents use this medium daily. However, it is crucial to use various social media platforms, as UK mothers seem to search for information from a number of sources. Using social media tools ensures that Cupcake Mum Ltd can take advantage of various user-friendly and familiar channels related to different kinds of club member interactions.
Traditional ways of marketing TV, Radio and Newspapers can be expensive for small businesses purposes. Internet has opened channels of marketing which provides communication possibilities with world wide access that are inexpensive for small businesses. In the internet marketing even small business can be global and competitive with bigger competitors in same business area. The purpose of this thesis is to research internet marketing and internet marketing channels for small business purposes. There are six media communication channels: Search engine marketing, Online public relations, On-line partnership, Viral marketing, Opt in e-mail, and Interactive ads. To understand better how internet marketing and internet marketing channels can build traffic for company webpage, which is company's representative online, there is a case study of Spanish company Travel Work in this thesis. Purpose of the case study is to find out what would be the best communication channels for future internet marketing plan for this company.  Theoretical part of the thesis studies the Internet marketing, marketing mix and internet marketing channels the research method is qualitative. The case study of Travel Work company is case study method, where the researcher was in perspective of outsider and didn't try to find the universal truth, but tried to draw a conclusion of the subject: what are the best suitable internet marketing channels for Travel Work. With the theoretical part and case study of the company thesis was able to identify seven internet marketing channels for case study company to use. These seven internet marketing channels are 1. search engine optimization (SEO), 2. communication with media, 3. link-building and generating editorials, 4. blog and RSS-feed, 5. brand protection, 6. co-branding, 7.generating media mentions. From these identified internet marketing channels case company can develop further internet marketing campaigns.
Spreading the world : understanding how consumers share word of mouth about their extraordinary travel experiences
The new rules of marketing and PR : how to use news releases, blogs, podcasting, viral marketing, & online media to reach buyers directly
