http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24237 nursing ethics
nursing ethics
Nursing ethics : / Volume I. Developing theoretical foundations for nursing ethics
The Oxford handbook of neuroethics
Ethics in nursing practice : a guide to ethical decision making
Ethical isuues in nursing and midwifery practice : perspectives from Europe
"In this original and compelling book, Jeffrey P. Bishop, a philosopher, ethicist, and physician, argues that something has gone sadly amiss in the care of the dying by contemporary medicine and in our social and political views of death, as shaped by our scientific successes and ongoing debates about euthanasia and the "right to die"--or to live._The Anticipatory Corpse: Medicine, Power, and the Care of the Dying, informed by Foucault's genealogy of medicine and power as well as by a thorough grasp of current medical practices and medical ethics, argues that a view of people as machines in motion--people as, in effect, temporarily animated corpses with interchangeable parts--has become epistemologically normative for medicine. The dead body is subtly anticipated in our practices of exercising control over the suffering person, whether through technological mastery in the intensive care unit or through the impersonal, quasi-scientific assessments of psychological and spiritual "medicine."The result is a kind of nihilistic attitude toward the dying, and troubling contradictions and absurdities in our practices. Wide-ranging in its examples, from organ donation rules in the United States, to ICU medicine, to_"spiritual surveys," to presidential bioethics commissions attempting to define death, and to high-profile cases such as Terri Schiavo's, The Anticipatory Corpse explores the historical, political, and philosophical underpinnings of our care of the dying and, finally, the possibilities of change. A ground-breaking work in bioethics, this book will provoke thought and argument for all those engaged in medicine, philosophy, theology, and health policy."With extraordinary philosophical sophistication as well as knowledge of modern medicine, Bishop argues that the body that shapes the work of modern medicine is a dead body. He defends this claim decisively with with urgency. I know of no book that is at once more challenging and informative as The Anticipatory Corpse. To say this book is the most important one written in the philosophy of medicine in the last twenty-five years would not do it justice. This book is destined to change the way we think and, hopefully, practice medicine." -Stanley Hauerwas, Duke Divinity School "Jeffrey Bishop carefully builds a detailed, scholarly case that medicine is shaped by its attitudes toward death. Clinicians, ethicists, medical educators, policy makers, and administrators need to understand the fraught relationship between clinical practices and death, and The Anticipatory Corpse is an essential text. Bishop's use of the writings of Michel Foucault is especially provocative and significant. This book is the closest we have to a genealogy of death." Arthur W. Frank, University of Calgary "Jeffrey Bishop has produced a masterful study of how the living body has been placed within medicine's metaphysics of efficient causality and within its commitment to a totalizing control of life and death, which control has only been strengthened by medicine's taking on the mantle of a bio-psycho-socio-spiritual model. This volume's treatment of medicine's care of the dying will surely be recognized as a cardinal text in the philosophy of medicine." H. Tristram Engelhardt, Jr., Rice University, Baylor College of Medicine" --Provided by publisher.
The anticipatory corpse : medicine, power, and the care of the dying
Bioethical prescriptions : to create, end, choose, and improve lives
Medical ethics and the faith factor : a handbook for clergy and health-care professionals
One in six people worldwide will experience depression over the course of a lifetime. Many who seek relief through the healthcare system are treated with antidepressant medication; in the United States, nearly 170 million prescriptions for antidepressants were written in 2005, resulting in more than #12 billion in sales. And yet despite the dominance of antidepressants in the marketplace and the consulting room, another treatment for depression has proven equally effective: psychotherapy--in particular, cognitive behavior therapy (CBT). Antidepressants can lift mood independent of a person's understanding of symptoms or stressors. By contrast, CBT teaches patients skills for dealing with distressing feelings, negative thoughts, and causal stressors. In The Ethical Treatment of Depression, Paul Biegler argues that the insights patients gain from the therapeutic process promote autonomy. He shows that depression is a disorder in which autonomy is routinely and extensively undermined and that physicians have a moral obligation to promote the autonomy of depressed patients. He concludes that medical practitioners have an ethical imperative to prescribe psychotherapy--CBT in particular--for depression. To make his case, Biegler draws on a wide philosophical literature relevant to autonomy and the emotions and makes a comprehensive survey of the latest research findings from the psychological sciences.
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Ethics in nursing : cases, principles, and reasoning
Life before birth : the moral and legal status of embryos and fetuses
Bioethics beyond the headlines : who lives? who dies? who decides?
Nurse and patient : an ethical consideration of human relations
Untruthful nurses : threshold of autonomy - when nurses cannot be truthful to patients
Informed consent : legal theory and clinical practice
Legal and ethical issues in physical therapy
Case studies in nursing ethics
Nursing ethics
Leadership styles in ethical dilemmas : reasons, actions and consequences when head nurses make decisions in ethical dilemmas
Assisted suicide : The liberal, humanist case against legalization
Medical tourism
Cloning, selection, and values : essays on bioethical intuitions
Ethics in clinical practice : an interprofessional approach
The ethics of community care
Ethical dilemmas & nursing practice
"Bioethics, still in its infancy, is routinely called on by the government to provide political cover for controversial public health decisions involving the life and death of Americans. Doomsday or worst-case scenarios are often at the heart of these biopolitical decisions. A central feature of science fiction, these scenarios can impart useful insights. But worst-case scenarios, like Frankenstein's monster, can also be unpredictably destructive, undermining both preparedness and the very values, bioethics seeks to promote. Discovering a new flu strain, for example, leads immediately to visions of the 1918 flu pandemic, the worst in human history. Likewise, a "ticking time bomb" scenario leads to the use of physicians for torture, and the all purpose worst case charge of "socialism" threatens to derail meaningful healthcare reform.In Worst Case Bioethics George Annas employs contemporary disputes involving death and disaster to explore the radical changes underway in public health practice, the application of constitutional law to medicine, and human rights discourse to promote human health and well-being. Worst-case scenarios, especially worst-case bioethics scenarios, distort debate, limit options, rationalize human rights abuses, and undermine equality and social justice. It is, nonetheless, possible to temper worst-case scenarios in ways that promote both the development of a meaningful American bioethics, and a life and liberty affirming global health and human rights movement".
Morality, mortality : death and whom to save from it. Volume 1
Nursing ethics education in Finland from the perspective of codes of ethics
Ethics in nursing : The caring relationship
Nursing ethics : / Volume III. Politics and future directions of nursing ethics
Ethics and conflict
Bioethics : a nursing perspective
Qualitative research in nursing and healthcare
Ethics in professional life : virtues for health and social care
The ethical space of mindfulness in clinical practice : an explanatory essay
Bioethics in a liberal society
Spiritual interventions in child and adolescent psychotherapy
This publication is about the kinds of ethically challenging situations and ethical  dilemmas faced by health and social professionals of all levels who provide care for people with dementia in care homes and hospital settings. It contains short stories based on typical situations which professional carers might encounter, along with exercises and appendices to encourage and facilitate ethical reflection, structured  guidance on how to tackle ethically challenging situations and commentaries from experts in the field of ethics as well as professional care. The publication should ideally be used in the context of professional care training (e.g. with moderated group discussions, professional guidance and role playing) and adapted to the different levels of education and experience of the readers. It doesn't provide ready-made answers but hopefully, in the context of ongoing professional training, it will contribute towards empowering and motivating health and social care professionals to provide ethical care, and tackling ethically challenging situations with more confidence, thereby contributing to the wellbeing of their clients, colleagues and themselves.
Caring well : religion, narrative and health care ethics
Health care ethics : principles and problems
Values clarification in nursing
Is there a duty to die
Nursing ethics : across the curriculum and into practice
Morality, mortality. Vol. 2, Rights, duties, and status
The palliative care team : competences necessary for its success and factors that influence the team funcionality
Research methods in health promotion
Caring teaching elements in an emergency context : teacher's conceptions of caring and protective teaching elements in Rwamwanja refugee settlement schools
Clinical reasoning in three different fields of physiotherapy : a qualitative case study
Ethical dilemmas and nursing practice
Assisted dying : who makes the final decision?
E pluribus unum : scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Stories matter : the role of narrative in medical ethics
Ethical dilemmas faced by health and social care professionals providing dementia care in care homes and hospital settings : a guide for use in the context of ongoing professional care training
Nursing Ethics : A Principle-Based Approach
Administering subcutaneous and intramuscular injections : theoretical background and an educational film
Worst case bioethics : death, disaster, and public health
Good nursing care : on what basis
Caring and well-being : a lifeworld approach
Conscientious objection in health care : an ethical analysis
Patient assessment and care planning in nursing
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
Kozier & Erb's Fundamentals of Nursing : Concepts, Process, and Practice
Challenges in caring : explorations in nursing and ethics
Community ethics and health care research
Nursing ethics in everyday practice
Ethical decision making in therapy practice
Medicine, medical ethics and the value of life
Ethics and nursing practice : a case study approach
"The subject of this book is conscientious objection in health care and the principal aim is to provide an ethical analysis of conscience-based refusals by physicians, nurses, and pharmacists. Before considering ethical issues, however, it is essential to understand what conscientious objection is, which calls for conceptual analysis. A person engages in an act of conscientious objection when she refuses to perform an action, provide a service, and so forth on the grounds that doing so is against her conscience. In the context of health care, physicians, nurses, and pharmacists engage in acts of conscientious objection when they: 1) refuse to provide legal and professionally accepted goods or services that fall within the scope of their professional competence, and 2) justify their refusal by claiming that it is an act of conscience or is conscience-based"--Provided by publisher.
Transcultural caring dynamics in nursing and health care
Nursing law and ethics
Ethical decision-making and moral distress in nursing practice : a literature review
Revaluing care in theory, law & policy : cycles and connections
Ethics in nursing
Ethics in rehabilitation : a clinical perspective
Everyday nursing ethics
The ethical treatment of depression : autonomy through psychotherapy
Psychiatric-mental health nursing : scope and standards of practice
Abstract: Effectiveness in health care decision-making : an ethical analysis.
Striving for purity : interviews with people with malodorous exuding ulcers and their nurses
Caring and the law
Ethics, aging, and society : the critical turn
The ethics of screening in health care and medicine : serving society or serving the patient?
Healthy respect : ethics in health care
Applying ethical guidelines in nursing research on people with mental illness
Fatherhood - philosophy for everyone : the Dao of daddy
Conceptual bases of professional nursing
Ethics : the patient's charter
Nursing ethics : / Volume II. Nursing ethics pedagogy and praxis
Medical tourism : the ethics, regulation, and marketing of health mobility
The human act of caring : a blueprint for the health professions
Nursing practice : the ethical issues
Kevin Yuill goes straight to the heart of a difficult issue. Critical of both sides of the discussion, this book presents an up-to-date analysis of the direction discussion is taking, showing that atheists, libertarians, and those favouring abortion rights and stem-cell research should stand beside their religious compatriots in opposing legalization of assisted suicide. The author shows that the real issue behind the debate is not euthanasia but suicide. Rather than focusing on tragic cases, he indicates the real damage that will be done if we affirm the suicidal wishes of even a small segment of the population. Analyzing the movement for the right to die in historical terms, Yuill shows that, though many proponents of a change in the law believe they are rationalist heirs of such thinkers as John Stuart Mill, legalizing assisted suicide will reduce privacy and freedom. Finally, Yuill suggests a radical alternative to legalization of assisted suicide that would embrace both the cause of freedom and the anxieties of many about securing good deaths.
Ethical issues in mental health
Introduction to counselling
Summary.
The ethics of psychoanalysis, 1959-1960
Ethical issues in advanced nursing practice
The ethics of caring for older people
The ethics of care : a feminist approach to human security
The ICN Code of ethics for nurses
Mindfulness is a burgeoning field of study and practice within mental health care and medicine. Yet ethical codes, and the philosophy of the therapist-client relationship, differ greatly between disciplines, and even more between those disciplines and mindfulness-based approaches. The potential for ethical dilemmas is therefore significant. Donald McCown breaks new ground by taking a focused look at an ethics derived from contemporary clinical mindfulness practice itself. What does a secular ethics of mindfulness look like? Who is competent to work therapeutically with mindfulness, and how does one delimit areas and levels of competence? How do clinicians ethically understand the therapist-client relationship from the therapeutic position of mindfulness? And how do clinicians respond when the necessary restraints of their professional role and ethics code come into conflict with the mindfulness-based relationship and therapeutic position? This book makes a vital contribution to the understanding of ethics as the cornerstone of mindfulness-based practice, and will be of interest to all those involved in delivering mindfulness-based interventions, including psychologists, counselors, spiritual directors, occupational therapists, physicians, nurses, and educators.
Ethics in nursing : an anthology
Principles of health care ethics
Patient autonomy and the ethics of responsibility
Ethics in speech and language therapy
Good nursing care : on what basis?
Deciding ethically : a practical approach to nursing challenges
The Palliative Care Team : Competences Necessary for its Success and Factors that Influence the Team Functionality
Care in practice : on tinkering in clinics, homes and farms
Law and ethics in children's nursing
Patient seclusion and restraint practices in psychiatric hospitals : towards evidence based clinical nursing
Nursing ethics : a virtue-based approach
