http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2429 furniture industry
furniture industry
Chinese domestic furniture
Inspired by China : contemporary furnituremakers explore Chinese traditions
The story of Eames Furniture
Chairs by architects
The impression of finishing : colors, textures and patterns
Critical success factors in a furniture development process : furniture design process review through a Finnish-Japanese design project
Furniture & cabinetmaking
Furniture & cabinetmaking projects : the best from Furniture & cabinetmaking magazine
The furniture makers : a history of trade unionism in the furniture trade 1868-1972
Design by IKEA : a cultural history
Master thesis 2014 [sic]
Guerilla furniture design : how to build lean, modern furniture with salvaged materials
Furniture for the 21st century
An innovative leap forward in kitchen development
Sawmill map of Sweden 2006.
A chair is not just a chair - it is the key to interior design : Ilmari Tapiovaara 1914-1999
Furniture by architects : international masterpieces of twentieth-century design and where to buy them
Managing design getting lost writing touch : a study questioning naming in oikonomia, metaphysics and spacing sense
Summary.
Tiivistelmä: Country image and design of Finnish furniture in the markets of Saint Petersburg.
Bent ply : the art of plywood furniture
In the Shaker Style : Building Furniture Inspired by the Shaker Tradition
International seminar on furniture development and promotion, Kuala Lumpur 8-11 August, 1988 : proceedings
Sawmill map including sawmills, impregnation and planing plants in Finland 1999.
Internationalization and performance among small and medium-sized firms : a study of furniture producers in Sweden
Furniture for work : an interesting furniture quartet
The Possibilities for Differentiation in the Chinese Furniture Industry : Case Company: IKEA China
Woven fibre furniture
An encyclopedia of tables
Thonet : classic furniture in bent wood and tubular steel
Japanese buying of wooden quality household furniture: opportunities for Finnish furniture industry
The effects of country-of-origin in Finnish furniture industry : the image of Finnish furniture in Sweden and Germany
Sara Kristoffersson's compelling study provides the first sustained critical history of IKEA. Kristoffersson argues that the company's commercial success has been founded on a neat alignment of the brand with a particular image of Swedish national identity – one that is bound up with ideas of social democracy and egalitarianism - and its material expression in a pared-down, functional design aesthetic. Employing slogans such as "Design for everyone" and "Democratic design", IKEA signals a rejection of the stuffy, the 'chintzy', and the traditional in both design practices and social structures. Drawing on original research in the IKEA company archive and interviews with IKEA personnel, Design by IKEA traces IKEA's symbolic connection to Sweden, through its design output and its promotional materials, to examine how the company both promoted and profited from the concept of Scandinavian Design.
The Illustrated history of furniture
How Finnish furniture company establish business in China : case study of a Finnish furniture company
È De Padova : 50 years of design, intuitions, passions, encounters
Alihankinnasta omaan mallistoon (Arvo Piiroinen Oy:n metallihuonekaluja; haastatteluja) = From subcontracting to their own range of furniture (Metal furnitures of Arvo Piiroinen Oy; interviews)
Sawmill map of Finland 2007 ; Forest industry map of Finland 2007.
Abstract: The competitiveness of Finnish furniture industry in the markets of St. Petersburg.
Jasper Morrison : designs, projects and drawings 1981-1989
Sawmill map of Finland 2002 ; Forest industry map of Finland 2002.
Strategic group formation : the case of Scandinavian furniture producers of the FRG market
Construction of business concepts : a comparative case study of design-oriented enterprises
Sawmill map of Russia 2008 ; PPB map of Russia 2008.
Trendsetters : The Milan International Furniture Fair of 2003.
Marketing plan for the typical Finnish furniture enterprise to enter the Russian market
Illustrated history of furniture
Internationalisation possibilities of Ikkeläjärven Laatupuu Oy
Bruno Mathsson
Russian market potential for timber related products
Concept design as managerial challenge : the modell of concept design of II generation new product development process research
Identity across borders : a study in the "IKEA-World"
Values-based service for sustainable business : lessons from IKEA
Designvientiä naisnäkökulmasta = Export of design product from the woman's perspective
The impact of green issues on the development of timber based furniture - a comparison of two EU countries
Pacesetters for the furniture industry
What drives, hinders, and enables internationalization among Swedish furniture producers?
Wooden household furniture: does the environment matter to consumers?
Russia as a market area for Finnish design furniture : case Artek
Leading by design : the IKEA story
Summary: Introducing Sorbus aucuparia as a multipurpose tree in forestry.
Six decades of the Artek spirit
An encyclopedia of sofas
Hard choices ahead for Finnish furniture industry
Furniture industry expects better times
Dunbar : fine furniture of the 1950s
World furniture encyclopedia. Finland
Finnish ICT and furniture companies' strategies towards relocating operations to Estonia
Russian furniture : the golden age, 1780-1840
Chairs : 1,000 masterpieces of modern design, 1800 to present
The truth about Ikea : the secret behind the world's fifth richest man and the success of the Swedish flatpack giant
Technology of Furniture Production
Outsourcing as a business model : antique furniture reproduction in Pakistan and Bulgaria
18th-century furniture at Ikea
Un'industria per il design : la ricera, i designers, l'immagine B&B Italia = An industry for design : the research, designers and corporate image of B&B Italia
Sawmill map of Finland 2000 ; Forest industry map of Finland 2000.
Effective Outsourcing of Furniture Production for International Companies in Vietnam
Outlook on mechanical wood processing in Estonia
Customer needs for the specially designed furniture and indoor sets for children
The Chippendale director : the furniture designs of Thomas Chippendale
Late-industrial sawmill customers : the concept of industrial operating mode and its testing in secondary wood processing industry
Developing international marketing and purchasing networks : a Finnish furniture manufacturer's focal net 1992-1995
Pine Furniture Projects for the Home
The encyclopaedia of furniture
Postwar interior design: 1945-1960
The truth about Ikea : how to create a global brand and secretly become the world's richest man
Product development and high quality : Incap furniture's success factors
Dictionary of furniture
Setting a direction for Skanno's marketing planning
397 chairs
The constitution of enterprise : an institutional history of inter-firm relations in Swedish furniture manufacturing
Sawmill map of Finland 2008 ; Forest industry map of Finland 2008.
Abstract.
The competitiveness of Finnish furniture industry in the markets of St. Petersburg
Forest-based and related industries of the European Union : industrial districts, clusters and agglomerations
Export market information behaviour of Finnish furniture and metal SMEs
A consequence and cost analysis of occupational accidents in the furniture industry
The subcontractor selection of small and medium sized Danish wood furniture manufacturers
Behind the scenes : stories from the design industry
Rethinking sitting
Treasures of the American arts and crafts movement 1890-1920
An encyclopedia of chairs
Democratic design : the third dimension
Artek in Alvar Aalto's footsteps
Encyclopedia of furniture materials, trades and techniques
Sawmill map of Russia 2007 ; PPB map of Russia 2007.
Measured drawings of Shaker furniture and woodenware
Furniture and joinery industries for developing countries
Country image and design of Finnish furniture in the markets of Saint Petersburg
World furniture : an illustrated history
Ikea success in chinese furniture
Uncovering treasures : approaching sustainability through renovation in interior design
Adaptable, quality fittings for ships
Modern furniture in the avantgarde arcitecture town Turku in the late 1920s and early 1930s
Design innovation and value appropriation : a study of the appropriability of new product design in the Italian and Dutch furniture industry
Sawmill map of Sweden 2007 ; Forest industry map of Sweden 2007.
"Contemporary furniture design has grown in popularity in recent years, but why? The Furniture Machine looks at the furniture industry and at design trends since 1990, to unravel the appeal of contemporary design. Who are the leading designers and what are the dominant styles of the period, from Minimalism to Blobjects and the New Antiques? Which technical or material innovations, like CAD-CAM and rapid prototyping, have changed the way furniture is made? Who are the most influential design thinkers, and what ideas have most influenced the look of furniture?" "Drawing on the collections of the V&A Museum and elsewhere, The Furniture Machine seeks to answer these questions through the work of the major designers of the period."--BOOK JACKET.
Sawmill map of Baltic States 2008 ; Forest industry map of Baltic States 2008.
