http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24272 business processes
business processes
BPMN modeling and reference guide : understanding and using BPMN : development rigorous yet understandable graphical representations of business processes+
Better business decisions using cost modeling : for procurement, operations, and supply chain professionals
The business of hotels
Manage budgets and financial plans : managing finance
Design thinking research : studying co-creation in practice
Advances in software business : a reader on business models and partner ecosystems in the software industry
Improving the Quotation Process of an After-Sales Unit
Explains how to launch value-driven BPM in synchronicity with existing BPM efforts. This book offers a guide to: achieve business benefits while building lasting BPM capabilities: and put the right team and infrastructure in place to build an organization designed for an outcome and value-based BPM capability.
Sales and operations planning at Nokia : product and solution modes
Many process management books focus on manufacturing applications. A few discuss services applications and occasionally some comment on the information processes outside of the normal information technology (IT) function.When a business seeks to improve the processes it uses in order to provide efficiency and cost savings to a product or service, that business needs to consider its manufacturing, service, and information handling processes together because they are not independent. This book has two goals: First, to help business practitioners integrate their management of manufacturing or service processes with information processes; and second, to provide business schools with a textbook that can be used for a basic process management course to precede or accompany the typical operations management course because information handling approaches vary considerably with organizational size, both large and small business approaches are discussed. This discussion is focused on basic concepts rather than specific technical aspects like what type of information hardware to be used. One chapter will discuss the considerations necessary when adding information process management to enterprise resource planning (ERP), statistical process control (SPC), and supply chain logistics approaches from both large and small business perspectives.
The co-creation edge : harnessing big data to transform sales and procurement for business innovation
Integrated Business Processes with Erp systems
Coordination for shared knowledge creation in the development and management of inter-organizational business processes
Knowledge automation : how to implement decision management in business processes
Management of project uncertainties using CCPM approaches : furniture manufacturing case at Topworld Industries Co., Ltd
Prosessijohtamisen käsitteet = Terms and concepts in business process management
Operational efficiency of forest energy supply chains in different operational environments
The purpose of this thesis project was to improve the business activities of Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited.      Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited is a Nigerian electronics store. The store has four stores one of them being the head office with a warehouse to keep the excess products. The stores sell different varieties of electronics and electrical products, such as pressing irons, videos, speakers, air conditioner and computers among others.      Presently, the keeping of records in the stores is done manually so there are some problems associated with that since there are no automated systems in use. Coordinating the activities of all stores and the head office warehouse are difficult without a proper system, hence there is need to have a working system that would make the coordination easy and effective.     Within this thesis project, an automated cash management system was created to replace the manual one. The analysis of the present state was done by using the following business engineering methods: the object oriented method and the entity structure analysis.    There is a sales assistant in every store handling the sales activities; a stock keeper taking care of each store's warehouse activities; and a branch accountant heading each store and reporting to the chief accountant. Hence there is need to phase out the stock keepers and branch accountants who make the present system cumbersome.     This thesis project was important to facilitate and improve the sales and stock management system of the Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited.  The improved system will make recording of sales activities (cash event) and stock activities (stock event) more orderly. There will be easy access to data when needed. The manager and the accountant will be able to make decisions quickly based on easily retrievable facts.
Improving the quotation process of an after-sales unit
Sales and operations planning standard system : with reference software
Ubiquitous computing for business : find new markets, create better businesses, and reach customers around the world 24-7-365
Business processes in project business : case project delivery process for a factory automation supplier
The Effects of the New Credit Management Process and OnGuard Software on the Case Company South Europe
Operation mode strategy in South Korean R&D ecosystem : case: VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland
Business process maturity : a comparative study on a sample of business process maturity models
Potential of RFID technology in logistics : case Metso Paper
Development of project management and financial management solutions
Descret event based simulation for improving production process
Systems architecting : a business perspective
Process visualization : an executive guide to business process design
Scaling lean : mastering the key metrics for startup growth
Changing the way we work : internal outsourcing within localization industry
Key account management and planning : the comprehensive handbook for managing your company's most important strategic asset
Early stages of technology intensive companies
Modeling electric utility business processes with UML
Advances in enterprise information systems. 2, proceedings of the fifth International Conference on Research and Practical Issues of Enterprise Information Systems (CONFENIS 2011), Aalborg, Denmark, October 16-18, 2011
Business process management and the balanced scorecard : using processes as strategic drivers
Commercialization at Finnish universities : researchers' perspectives on the motives and challenges of turning science into business
Workflow analysis of invoicing process for Mitta Oy
An information system design product theory for the class of eSourcing requirements, delivery and completion management systems for eSourcing service providers
Developing competitiveness of a company using a new business process engineering concept
An introduction to Six Sigma & process improvement
Business process outsourcing from the employee perspective : a case study of a global change project in a subsidiary in Finland
Implementing strategic change : managing processes and interfaces to develop a highly productive organization
Enterprise systems for management
Innovation studies : evolution and future challenges
Supporting solution business with an integrated enterprise system
Business process improvement project enhancement in professional service organizations : case study of Alpha Co's process improvement project
Exploring entrepreneurship : practices and perspectives
Product Information Management is the latest topic that companies across the world are deliberating upon. As companies sell online, they are confronted with the fact that not all information necessary to sell their products is available. Where marketing, sales and finance have been core processes of the corporate world for a long time, PIM is a new business process with its own unique implementation and management challenges. The book describes the core PIM processes; their strategic, tactical and operational benefits and implementation challenges. The book has been written for managers, business users as well as students, and illustrates the different concepts with practical cases from companies like Coca Cola, Nikon and Thomas Cook.
Get lucky : how to put planned serendipity to work for you and your business
Introduction to hospitality
Bpmn 2.0 handbook : methods, concepts, case studies and standards in business process management notation
Requirement engineering process for cash management system : case study: Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited
Business Process Plan of the Option to Include Cameroon Cocoa the into Marketing and Production : Case: Dammenberg Chocolate Factory. Finland
Design for Six Sigma : a practical approach through innovation
Strategic supply chain management : the five disciplines for top performance
The purpose of this thesis was to examine the target company’s current situation regarding the project management tools as well as organize and carry out the system survey project and also to produce a proposal for a possible system acquisition to the management team. The final goal was to implement the new system(s), arrange training events, create user instructions and control the production transfer. Data evaluation of the current state was collected from the different users personally. The launch for the thesis was also supported by the previously held job satisfaction survey in the target company, which indicates the need for the system and process development. The obtained data was part of the requirement specification for the system survey process whose outcome was chosen a suitable system and vendor. The implementation process was carried out with the company’s project team and close cooperation with the vendor. Finally the new system(s) and the practices were successfully implemented and realized. In the end, the user satisfaction survey was arranged in order to review the practical results of implementation. The questionnaires were sent to almost 100 people around the organization. The evaluated questionnaire results show that the outcome of the implementation process was a major step forward in the company project related to tools. In addition of the project management tools, the company’s financial management system as well as other company's operations were harmonized, electrified and updated. The final review of the implementation project showed that the achieved state enables more efficient project related actions. The results prove that the final outcome is now supporting better the company’s business operations in many ways and will bring more value adding business activities around the organization. Therefore, further studies do not need to be conducted in the near future in this area but some development actions still remained to be solved. These issues relates to the existing functions of the implemented systems which need to be developed further to ensure the full utilization of the system, fulfilling the company’s future needs and guarantee a cost-effective and qualitative grow and competitiveness.
Strategic change towards future industrial service business
The thesis was commissioned by OP Group's subsidiary. The study aim was to view and find improvement ideas for a relatively new process in which cooperative member banks are encouraged to transfer some of their daily tasks to an outsourced service provider inside the Group. The study observed one large member bank implementation process.     The thesis was conducted as a qualitative study with primary research methodology being personal observation and interviews. The theories of change management and team performance were applied to support the research in addition to exploring the concepts of shared services and processes.     The implementation process was comprehensively evaluated.  The impact of communication, information flow and planning the labor was examined. The research and management and employee interviews indicated that there are some improvement opportunities despite the process being on a right track.    The key findings suggest that with enhancing the collaboration with other Group departments and implementing small internal changes will increase the performance that is already on good level. Key words: banks, process, change management, shared services.
Designing user acceptance testing plan for ERP implementation
"A proven decision management methodology for increased profits and lowered risksAutomating Decisions in Business Processes describes a simple but comprehensive methodology for decision management projects, which use business rules and predictive analytics to optimize and automate small, high-volume business decisions. It includes Decision Requirements Analysis (DRA), a new method for taking the crucial first step in any IT project to implement decision management: defining a set of business decisions and identifying all the information--business knowledge and data--required to make those decisions.  Describes all the stages in automating business processes, from business process modeling down to the implementation of decision services  Addresses how to use business rules and predictive analytics to optimize and automate small, high-volume business decisions  Proposes a simple "top-down" method for defining decision requirements and representing them in a single diagram  Shows how clear requirements can allow decision management projects to be run with reduced risk and increased profit  Nontechnical and accessible, Automating Decisions in Business Processes reveals how DRA is destined to become a standard technique in the business analysis and project management toolbox"--
The dynamics of proactive striving : initiating and sustaining development efforts in product design and entrepreneurship
Understanding organizational change
The global airline industry
Price setting criteria : coordinating the price setting of the commissioning organisation
The ISO 14000 EMS audit handbook
Fundamentals of business process management
You think you are doing well? : become a winner with customer centric process leadership
B.O.O.M : business object-oriented modeling for business analyst
Developing the business practices of an SME operating in the music service industry : a perspective on organic growth and development as led by the owner-manager
Essentials of supply chain management
Enterprise and organizational modeling and simulation : 10th International Workshop, EOMAS 2014, held at CAiSE 2014, Thessaloniki, Greece, June 16-17, 2014, selected papers
Business performance measurement and management : new contents, themes and challenges
An introduction to management consultancy
VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland helps their clients to create more competit - ive business using information technology. They offer their services especially in the fields of IT sector, heavy machinery and health care. They also operate closely with research organisations and units in Korea.    VTT has an office in South Korea. The purpose of the office is to co-research with Korean public sector and research as a service for Korean clients. The office has been operating for six years with the current mode. Being present at the target market is important to VTT but more research needs to be done.    This thesis tries to answer a question about what is the most optimal foreign operation mode strategy for VTT and what is the best way to execute it. Korean R&D ecosystem is dynamic and changes rapidly which is the reason for the new internal approach.    The study helps VTT to develop their Korean operations but also giving their Finnish and Korean stakeholders more value. It helps to map out the key players in the Korean ecosystem and build VTT well-functioning and efficient operation mode strategy.    Goal is to improve co-operation with stakeholders so it would be more systematic and getting partners would be easier. Open and connected operation will help VTT to commit their counterparts to achieving common goals.    Research was conducted as a narrative operational research where interviews took place at the same space with the interviewees. Interviews were held in South Korea and participants who took part of the research were experts from different research organisations, intermediaries and companies operating in Korea. Keywords: foreign operation mode, contractual mode, mode switching, mode stretching, mode combination, South Korea.
Evaluating the advantages of implementing a CRM-solution
Though customer orientation is recommended in Business Process Management, current modeling methods still have a strong focus on the company's processes. To ensure a long-lasting requirement of a firm's service, one should consider the customer activities in order to offer an added value that effectively addresses his or her needs. Thus, the customers' perspective and their process chains before, during and after the interaction need to be captured in Business Process Management. Michael Hewing takes a design-oriented research approach to show how the integration of well-grounded marketing methods enables the visualization and analysis of the customer's point of view in Business Process Management. By enhancing this method, information on usage processes as well as on the value-in-use can be provided for a comprehensive and process-based customer management.
Process redesign in development of forest biomass supply for energy
Recapturing value through reverse logistics : Wärtsilä Ship Power -shopping list
Value-driven business process management : the value-switch for lasting competitive advantage
Impact of sales and operations planning on company's business performance
Project material ordering improvements and operational improvements for Electro Waves Oy
Automated purchase order : experiments and exceptations in mid-sized manufacturing companies
A pragmatic guide to business process modelling
Improving the offshoring process : development of Nordea's NOC project
Requirements for a successful sales and operations planning process : a multiple case study on six large Finnish corporations
Pre-assembly development of the paper and pulp finishing machines in China
Product portfolio management over horizontal and vertical portfolios
Organisations face many challenges, which induce them to perform better, and thus to establish mature (or excellent) business processes. As they now face globalisation, higher competitiveness, demanding customers, growing IT possibilities, compliancy rules, etc., business process maturity models (BPMMs) have been introduced to help organisations gradually assess and improve their business processes (e.g. CMMI or OMG-BPMM). In fact, there are now so many BPMMs to choose from that organisations risk selecting one that does not fit their needs, or one of substandard quality. This book presents a study that distinguishes process management from process orientation so as to arrive at a common understanding. It also includes a classification study to identify the capability areas and maturity types of 69 existing BPMMs, in order to strengthen the basis of available BPMMs. Lastly it presents a selection study to identify criteria for choosing one BPMM from the broad selection, which produced a free online selection tool, BPMM Smart-Selector.
Accelerated internationalisation as a network-based international opportunity development process
The contextual nature of launching industrial new products
Sams teach yourself Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011 in 24 hours
Business process reengineering : automation decision points in process reengineering
Introduction to information systems: supporting and transforming business
Developing Performance Dashboard with Qlikview : Wärtsilä Power Plants
Improving purchasing process for small purchases at a manufacturing company in chemical industry
The paradox of excellence : how great performance can kill your business
The basics of process improvement
Value and supply chain analysis and development of new business initiative
Business analytics : an introduction
ERP system modeling and implementation for business management in small and medium enterprises
System analysis design, UML version 2.0 : an object-oriented approach
The co-creation paradigm
ERP Software : implementing business process reengineering using SAP business one
Innovation and entrepreneurship : strategies and processes for success in tourism
Product information management : theory and practice
Transforming to a collaborative e-commerce : a study on business process and application integration
"The latest thinking, strategies, developments, and technologies to stay current in supply chain management.  Presenting the core concepts and techniques of supply chain management in a clear, concise and easily readable style, the Third Edition of Essentials of Supply Chain Management outlines the most crucial tenets and concepts of supply chain management.  Shows how to utilize technology to boost efficiency and responsiveness.  Introduces new material on the latest technology and practices available for supply chain management.  Offers new cases and executive interviews throughout the book.  Written by author of Business in the Cloud: What Every Business Needs to Know about Cloud Computing. Creating an effective supply chain is key to staying ahead in today's complex market. The Third Edition provides the tools, guidance, and examples to help maximize business performance and create competitive advantage."--
Development of business processes and BPM : a case study
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to model and analyze the quotation process of area managers at a global company. Process improvement requires understanding the fundamentals of the process. The study was conducted a case study. Data comprised of internal documentation of the case company, literature, and semi-structured, themed interviews of process performers and stakeholders. The objective was to produce model of the current state of the process. The focus was to establish a holistic view of the roles and overall composition of the process. The analysis of the current state utilized principles of business process management. The identified challenges were evaluated by their criticality to produce a condensed body for the analysis. Each challenge was addressed individually against theories of process improvement. The study progressed iteratively. The output was a list of suggested improvement points with appropriate methods of achieving the desired changes.  It was found that processes are utilitarian and effective, but require planning and continuous improvement. The intra-connectedness of multiple processes forms complex entities, thus validating the need for business process management. The transformation of business strategy requires reformations in the everyday functions and processes. This study aims to bridge the successful processes of today with those in the strategic scope of the future.  The study has use as an informative document to communicate the purpose and structure of the process. The findings of the study received confirmation from the results of a yearly customer survey and a concurrent operational improvement project.
Creating smart and agile business systems with the Business Rules approach
Process modeling method for electric accessories manufacturing enterprise
Path to improved firm performance with Business Process Management (BPM) and BPM systems
Design thinking research : taking breakthrough innovation home
Business process maturity : theory and application
Nowadays, the business activities are not limited by time, space and locations, as the rapid development of information technologies and international business co-operations. The efficiency and high quality business results should be the most important goal and paid most of attention by the enterprises that are not only large ones, but also small and medium size ones,as there is a big growth of them (SMEs) during this global economic environment. The enterprise resource planning (ERP) system is a tool which is able to make all the business processes be efficiency and timely so that coming out well quality business results. It has been using widely of big or large firms, but it has not been so much attractive for small and medium size enterprises, as the mainly reasons are the cost and uncertain necessary of using it by them. Within this thesis, according to introduce ERP system, its features and benefits of implementing it, as well as analysis the good example of implementing ERP system, that trying to get more attention and interests to implement ERP systems from small and medium size enterprises. The mainly process of doing this thesis is based on literature research and study and the result could probably be used by improving the implementation of ERP system in various business scales.
The usage of energy trading and risk management system in oil trading
This thesis explores the best approach to achieving a cost and time efficient Business Process Reengineering (BPR) in Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) using SAP Business One. Various journals and articles were literarily reviewed to get a broader knowledge on key issues surrounding implementing Business Process Reengineering (BPR) via an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system. Furthermore, interpersonal interrogation and interview were carried out with one of the users of SAP Business One in a Nigerian bank in order to obtain hand-on information regarding the subject matter in this thesis. Hence, this thesis identified issues that affect the outcome of ERP implementation in SMEs; be it successful or otherwise. Also, the author of this thesis work is able to realize through it findings that the single major deciding factor in the seamless ERP implementation for any organisation is it ability to determine the appropriate system for the organisation's business need. The theoretical study further buttresses the need for further research focusing on SMEs need of ERP system implementation. Also, SAP Business One is in absolute need of academic reviews, as its very difficult finding non-commercially inclined article, journal or textbook on this application. By identifying the most appropriate ERP need for individual firms as much as best approach to implementing it, SMEs can best achieve success stories similar to what their larger counterpart has been enjoying due to it cost-efficiency advantage. It is the hope of the author that this thesis would be of invaluable benefit to SMEs considering implementing BPR using ERP software; most especially the SAP Business One.
Information systems supporting management
Software change management process in the development of embedded software
Integrated management of processes and information
E-business innovation and process management
Hotel pricing in a social world : driving value in the digital economy
Business process management : concepts, languages, architectures
Value creation in travel distribution
The main objective of this study is to clarify the current challenges and preconditions relating to product portfolio management (PPM) and widen the PPM framework over horizontal and vertical portfolios, including a related governance model, strategic performance management and the PPM process. This study analyses comprehensively the current PPM literature and the relevant practices of 10 case companies representing business areas such as hardware (HW), software (SW) and Services. This study approaches PPM from a more comprehensive viewpoint as all product life cycle phases and product structure levels are not covered well in this context by the earlier literature.The principal results of this study involve revealing the need for a new PPM governance model including strategic targets, KPIs and the PPM process according to vertical and horizontal portfolios. The created PPM framework clarifies the strategic role of PPM in cross-functional analysis and decision making for commercial and technical portfolios. The role and the impact of strategic PPM have been further enhanced by positioning the PPM process on the level of other business processes.The created PPM framework enhances the collaboration between business and engineering teams. The managerial implications include the potential preconditions of clarifying the dynamic and active role of PPM at the level of other business processes. The findings can aid business managers in understanding PPM as an entity that has a role in managing the entire product portfolio and its renewal based on strategic performance measures over horizontal and vertical portfolios according to cross-functional governance bodies. This highlights the criticality of managing all items both in commercial and technical portfolios. The role of other business processes should be highly operational by executing product development, marketing and sales, delivery and care activities according to PPM decisions. The primary role of PPM should be active management of the entire product portfolio over product life cycle phases and product structure levels, instead of merely focusing on new product development, to ensure product portfolio renewal.
Cargo release process development : case company Orient Overseas Container Line (OOCL)
Steps to improved firm performance with business process management : adding business value with business process management and its systems
Business process blueprinting : a method for customer-oriented business process modeling
Process implementation in a significant financial institution : case OP
Improved DSO by more efficient accounts receivable collection processes
Introduction to operations and supply chain management
Handbook on business process management : introduction, methods, and information systems. 1
Recruiting and training proposal : case RetailWise Finland
BPMN 2.0 : introduction to the standard for business process modeling
