http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24218 natural phenomena
natural phenomena
The taxidermist's daughter
Nature's day : discover the world of wonder on your doorstep
Lob der Schöpfung = Luomisen ylistys = Praise of creation
Book of world records. Natural world : learn all about our record breaking natural world!
Spatio-temporal heterogeneity : concepts and analyses
Secrets of the seasons : orbiting the sun in our backyard
Why are orangutans orange? : science questions in pictures - with fascinating answers : more questions and answers from the popular 'Last word' column
Kansanluonto = the nature of Finland
The nature book
Stormy weather
Terra : tales of the earth : four events that changed the world
Green Shakespeare : from ecopolitics to ecocriticism
The power of the sea : tsunamis, storm surges, rogue waves, and our quest to predict disasters
The book of potentially catastrophic science
What is a flood?
Tall Buildings : Structural Systems and Aerodynamic Form
Climate change : natural or man-made?
Nature's fury
What it's like : to climb Mount Everest, blast off into space, survive a tornado, and other extraordinary stories
"This book presents a unique, interdisciplinary approach to disaster risk research, combining cutting-edge natural science and social science methodologies. Bringing together leading scientists, policy makers and practitioners from around the world, it presents the risks of global hazards such as volcanoes, seismic events, landslides, hurricanes, precipitation floods and space weather, and provides real-world hazard case studies from Latin America, the Caribbean, Africa, the Middle East, Asia and the Pacific region. Avoiding complex mathematics, the authors provide insight into topics such as the vulnerability of society, disaster risk reduction policy, relations between disaster policy and climate change, adaptation to hazards, and (re)insurance approaches to extreme events. This is a key resource for academic researchers and graduate students in a wide range of disciplines linked to hazard and risk studies, including geophysics, volcanology, hydrology, atmospheric science, geomorphology, oceanography and remote sensing, and for professionals and policy makers working in disaster prevention and mitigation"--
This title provides a breathtaking and beautiful exploration of our planet. The book, which accompanies the BBC1 TV series, provides the deepest answers to the simplest questions.
Sneakiest uses for everyday things : how to make a boomerang with a business card, convert a pencil into a microphone, make animated origami, turn a TV tray into a giant robot, and create alternative energy science projects
Natural disaster and nuclear crisis in Japan : response and recovery after Japan's 3/11
Life in colour : National Geographic photographs
Understanding primary science : ideas, concepts and explanations
Handbook of unusual natural phenomena
Science in the early years : building firm foundations from birth to five
Robinson Crusoe : Adventures on the cursed island
Mother nature's two laws : ringmasters for circus earth
Splish! Splosh! : why do we wash?
A Nantucket Christmas
The global warming survival kit : the must-have guide to overcoming extreme weather, power cuts, food shortages and other climate change disasters
Drought
Fractals : The patterns of chaos Discovering a new aesthetic of art, science, and nature
"Attempts by ecologists to establish models for predicting the growth of a population or the fluctuations of a natural resource can be confounded by environmental heterogeneity. Spatio-Temporal Heterogeneity explores a range of available statistical methods to help ecologists in the attempt to unravel complexities, demonstrating how to place these changes into an understandable statistical framework. It addresses several key questions, including how to interpret the parameters of statistical models in relation to the biological and environmental realities, how to design a study to collect the best sample data and how to avoid pitfalls in modelling, design, statistical assessment and interpretation. Dutilleul uses a variety of examples to facilitate understanding, from plant ecology, earth and atmospheric sciences, animal biology, forestry and limnology. The accompanying CD-ROM contains MATLAB and SAS codes to aid analyses".
The nature book : what it is and how it lives
The New York Times book of natural disasters
A Diderot pictorial encyclopedia of trades and industry. Volume one
Hurricanes and tornadoes
Weather : the powerful forces and fragile resources of earth
Wild weather
Cryptozoology A to Z : the encyclopedia of Loch monsters, sasquatch, chupacabras and other authentic mysteries of nature
Extreme weather : a guide to surviving flash floods, tornadoes, hurricanes, heat waves, snowstorms, tsunamis, and other natural disasters
Signs in the forest : print design collection for Marimekko 2010 spring collection
Storm in a teacup : the physics of everyday life
13 things that don't make sense : the most intriguing scientific mysteries of our time
The greatest wildlife show on Earth
100 things to know about science
What happens if the rainforests disappear?
The explorations of Thomas, Grandpa and Mayday the Dog
Nasty nature
The natural and the supernatural in the Middle Ages : the Wiles lecture given at the Queen's University of Belfast, 2006
Nature strikes back : man and nature in western art : National Gallery of Denmark = Statens Museum for Kunst, Copenhagen, [5.10.2009 - 5.4.2010] / Hanne Kolind Poulsen and Henrik Holm ; with a contribution by Jacob Wamberg
Does it really rain frogs?
Sneaky uses for everyday things : how to turn a penny into a radio, make a flood alarm with an aspirin, change milk into plastic, extract water and electricity from thin air, turn on a tv with your ring, and other amazing feats
Encyclopedia of hurricanes, typhoons and cyclones
Luonnon ihmeet : Nature's great events
Wonders and the order of nature 1150 - 1750 / Lorraine Daston, Katharine Park
Natural processes and human impacts : interactions between humanity and the environment
Are universes thicker than blackberries : discourses on Gödel, magic hexagrams, Little Red Riding Hood, and other mathematical and pseudoscientific topics
Miracles and the Protestant imagination : the Evangelical wonder book in Reformation Germany
Jumping to reach clear sky : frontline narratives of China's green dream
Heat
"The March 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan plunged the country into a state of crisis. As the nation struggled to recover from a record breaking magnitude nine earthquake and a tsunami that was as high as 38 meters in some places, news trickled out that Fukushima had experienced meltdowns in three reactors. These tragic catastrophes claimed some 20,000 lives, initially displacing some 500,000 people and overwhelming Japan's formidable disaster preparedness. This book brings together the analysis and insights of a group of distinguished experts on Japan to examine what happened, how various institutions and actors responded and what lessons can be drawn from Japan's disaster. The contributors, many of whom experienced the disaster first hand assess the wide-ranging repercussions of this catastrophe and how it is already reshaping Japanese culture, politics, energy policy, and urban planning. This book is essential reading for anyone seeking an understanding of the events of March 2011 in Japan and the wider consequences for the future of the country and the rest of the world."--Publisher's description.
Bumbelievable! : a mind-bending collection of facts
What happens when an ice cap melts?
Climate change : observed impacts on planet earth
Great British weather disasters
The tower
Getting ready! : a study of national governance structures for REDD+
Created by some being : theoretical and empirical exploration of adults' automatic and reflective beliefs about the origin of natural phenomena
Why are orangutans orange? : science questions in pictures - with fascinating answers : more questions and answers from the popular 'Last word' colum
Nature's great events : luonnon ihmeet
Nature anatomy : the curious parts & pieces of the natural world
Extreme natural hazards, disaster risks and societal implications
Forest in the face of the greenhouse effect
Does anything eat wasps? : and 101 other questions : questions and answers from the popular 'Last Word' column
The cosmic viewpoint : a study of Seneca's Natural questions
Forces of nature
Tuula Närhinen : works 2000-09 / author, editor, graphic designer: Tuula Närhinen
Counting sheep! : why do we sleep?
The natural navigator
Plants, animals, and bodies of water : the significance of color terminology in the nature omens of the omen series Šumma ālu ina mēlê šakin
What is a hurricane?
National Geographic tales of the weird : unbelievable true stories
Sneakier uses for everyday things : how to turn a calculator into a metal detector, carry a survival kit in a shoestring, make a gas mask with a balloon, turn dishwashing liquid into a copy machine, convert a styrofoam cup into a speaker, and make a spy gadget jacket with everyday things
Art, technology and nature : renaissance to postmodernity
Created by some being : theoretical and empirical exploration of adults’ automatic and reflective beliefs about the origin of natural phenomena
