http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24212 screenplays
screenplays movies -- manuscripts
The art of srcreenplays : a writer's guide
The battleship Potemkin
Reading screenplays : how to analyse and evaluate film scripts
Fade in : the screenwriting process
Other planes of there : selected writings
Hellboy : the art of the movie
V for vendetta : from script to film
Rashomon : a film by Akira Kurosawa from the filmscript by Akira Kurosawa and Shinobu Hashimoto.  Consulting editor: Donald Richie
Marigolds in August ; The Guest : two screenplays
The counselor : a screenplay
Writing for the Screen is a collection of essays and interviews exploring the business of screenwriting. This highly accessible guide to working in film and television includes perspectives from industry insiders on topics such as breaking in; pitching; developing and nurturing business relationships; juggling multiple projects; and more. Writing for the Screen is an ideal companion to screenwriting and filmmaking classes, demystifying the industry and the role of the screenwriter with real-world narratives and little-known truths about the business. With insight from working professionals, you'll be armed with the information you need to pursue your career as a screenwriter.
Dan O'Bannon's guide to screenplay structure : inside tips from the writer of Alien, Totall recall & The return of the living dead
How can a film engage a viewer's senses? How do directors combine images and sounds to create a sensuous quality in their films? What can the use of sensuous film aesthetics contribute to a film's story? The Sense of Film Narration examines films that combine different types of images and sounds in a way that brings out their sensuous qualities in an especially vivid manner. It demonstrates that a film's sensuous qualities can be intimately connected to its storytelling processes. Through close textual analysis of films such as Amores Perros, Double Take, Toy Story 2, Palindromes and Magnolia, this book highlights how films can make viewers particularly aware of their senses in order to help them understand the events, behaviours and attitudes within a film's fictional world
The Sense and Sensibility : screenplay & diaries : bringing Jane Austen's novel to film
Writing in pictures : screenwriting made (mostly) painless
Screenwriting for film and television
Writing the script : a practical guide for films and television
Making a good script great
Creative screenwriting : understanding emotional structure
The perfect pitch : how to sell yourself and your movie idea to Hollywood
Brian Moore's Black robe : novel, screenplay(s) and film
Essentials of screenwriting : the art, craft, and business of film and television writing
I hired a contract killer : elokuvakäsikirjoitus = film script
Writing subtext : what lies beneath
Narration in the fiction film
The testament of Thomas Miller : a feature film script
Film : narration & seduction : a new European-American scriptwriting model
Screen writings : scripts and texts by independent filmmakers
Short films : writing the screenplay
Tales from the script : 50 Hollywood Screenwriters share their stories
The cook, the thief, his wife and her lover
Creative screenwriting : [a practical guide]
The Star Wars
Screenwriting secrets in genre film
An approach to screenwriting for the feature film : 4 lectures
A history of the screenplay
Journal of screenwriting
The Bloomsbury introduction to creative writing
Drum Pet (The Boy Who Drummed His Life Away) is a drama of a demented, child-like  man who tells his life story in a retrospect to his nurse: how his biggest dream,  becoming a fantastic drummer, caused him to lose the thing he loved most, his family.  But after the truth unravels, he shall get the redemption from his daughter... who was  his caretaker all along.  TED MURPHY is in a care home treated by a NURSE he doesn't recognise to be his  daughter. Getting back his tin drum – a token from his childhood – triggers him  memories and he starts to tell his life story to the nurse. He was just a little boy when  his father abandoned him and left him the drum that is to become the centre object of  his life. Unable to deal with his sorrow, he escapes into the world of music and swears  he'd never grow up. His mom starts calling him the DRUM PET.  In his early adulthood Ted finds immense happiness: ANNA, the love of his life, and the  daughter they get, MAYA. But he shatters it all by choosing music, a grand tour with his  band, over his family. As he leaves, he gives his daughter the tin drum. Soon after he  loses his ability to play. Not knowing who he is after he isn't a father anymore, Ted  drifts into oblivion.  But all is not lost yet. Ultimately Ted overcomes his need to escape, dares to tell the  truth out loud – and finds his way back to Maya.
The creative screenwriter : exercises to expand your craft
Au revoir les enfants and Lacombe, Lucien
The making of zombie wars
Film and literature : an introduction and reader
A quick guide to screenwriting
Five screenplays : The Servant, The Pumpkin eater, The Quiller memorandum, Accident, The Go-Between
Writing for the screen
Into the woods : a five act journey into story
Reinventing the story : inventions in the film adaptation The green mile by Frank Darabont
Letters from Iwo Jima
Logline:  Underrated and fed up with his life, Henri decides to kill himself, but when meeting a  man who tries to help him die, he gets on a journey where he gradually discovers how  to live.  Synopsis:  Henri is middle aged, underrated, lonely and his mother has just died. Henri's crush  doesn't notice him. Even his cat despises him. The system Henri lives in, abuses its  inhabitants. As long as you're alive, you have to pay. Henri has gone through his life  without a say in anything. His mother blamed Henri for everything wrong in her life.  Henri gets a confirmation to what she always said. That him being born was a mistake.  Henri has had enough. He decides to jump off a bridge. Henri is stopped by a man,  Thomas, who suggests they start planning suicide together. Henri's and Thomas' suicide  duo starts, an unusual friendship which developes as Thomas tries to help Henri die. As  they try to find the perfect way to go, Thomas is actually secretly teaching Henri how to  live. This happens gradually as Thomas gives Henri new experiences while emphasizing  the meaning of closures and portaying suicide as pragmatic and tedious. In the course,  Henri starts to change and get out of his shell.  As Henri starts questioning Thomas' reasons, he hears about Hanna, Thomas' daughter,  who he abandoned years ago. Thomas' teachings are starting to backfire, as Henri  decides that Thomas must reap what he sows, and get a closure by meeting Hanna.  Although Thomas tries to obstruct, they get on the road towards Åland. As they are  getting closer, their relationship starts to crack as the tension is rising. Then, a terrible  accident happens. Thomas falls down, hits his head badly and ends up in a coma. Henri  reverts back to his old feelings. He is all alone again. He has lost his only friend.  Henri is torn, but he still decides to get Thomas' closure. He goes to meet Hanna, who  doesn't take the news well of his father, whom she thought was dead. As Henri has  learned how to stick up for himself, he tries to reason with her. Eventually, Hanna  agrees to see him. And after she sees Thomas, she wants to get him home. If not for  getting better, then to die in a familiar place. System acts twisted again, and they end up  stealing Thomas from the hospital. Together with Hanna, they go through the emotions  of letting go of Thomas, at the same time getting to know and finding comfort from  each other. And who knows, maybe even future. As Henri takes off Thomas' life  support, he has learned to live and understood what Thomas was trying to teach him.
How to write and sell film stories
The winter guest
Blood simple
The third man
Secrets of the screen trade : from concept to trade
Make a film!
The lawgiver
American beauty
The constant gardener
A philosophy of the screenplay
My dinner with André : a screenplay
Rewrite : a step-by-step guide to strengthen structure, characters, and drama in your screenplay
Directing the story : professional storytelling and storyboarding techniques for live action and animation
The rules of the game : a film
Raindance writers' lab: write + sell the hot screenplay
Dan O'Bannon's guide to screenplay structure : inside tips from the writer of Alien, Total recall & The return of the living dead
Fantastic beasts and where to find them : the original screenplay
The Manchurian candidate
Five screenplays
Screenwriters on screenwriting
Star Wars : the annotated screenplays
An early 20th century novel by Louis-Ferdinand Céline : my cinematic dissection of a transposed segment
Screenwriting : creative labor and professional practice
Screenwriting: Creative Labor and Professional Practice analyzes the histories, practices, identities and subjects which form and shape the daily working lives of screenwriters. Author Bridget Conor considers the ways in which contemporary screenwriters navigate and make sense of the labor markets in which they are immersed.
Maverick screenwriting : a manual for the adventurous screenwriter
The digital filmmaking handbook
Why does the screenwriter cross the road? : + other screenwriting secrets
Constructing dialogue : from Citizen Kane to Midnight in Paris
Power screenwriting : the 12 stages of story development
Screenwriting
Drum pet : the boy who drummed his life away
Bicycle thieves
The rat trap : (Elippathayam)
"The Art of Screenplays is a working handbook for writers with stories to tell. Addressing the key issues of creativity and craft, its aim is to connect with our natural understanding of story, to demystify the screenwriter’s art, and to enable fresh, original and authentic writing. Working on the central premise that drama reflects nature, and screenplays simply echo life as we know it, the areas Mukherjee discusses include: - The Writer’s eye: how to gather, ferment and communicate story. - The art of action: understanding structure through observation. - Who am I? Exploring the levels of characters. - Vertical structure: say what you mean. Mean what you say. - Speak the speech: The art of not writing dialogue." -- (takakansi)
"Kallas proposes an original approach to writing for the screen. Both theory and method aims at exciting the imagination to inspire and dramatize stories with thematic richness, emotional depth and narrative rhythm. Accompanying exercises support the book and enable writers to create stories out of emotions and images".
Aristotle's poetics for screenwriters : storytelling secrets from the greatest mind in western civilization
The wimpy kid movie diary : how Greg Heffley went Hollywood
Script analysis for actors, directors, and designers
Garfield : the movie
The screenwriter activist : writing social issue movies
The eighth day and Toto the hero
The technique of screen & television writing
This one-stop digital filmmaking resource will guide you from your initial idea to getting your finished project "in the can." It will show you how to create shots and effects that are rarely associated with low-budget productions. In addition there's a special new chapter on shooting your indie film with a DSLR and an advanced discussion on finishing your film for digital cinema projection / from companion website
The baby Mâcon
The sense of film narration
Script supervising and film continuity
A step by step guide to strengthen structure, characters, and drama in your screenplay
Saint Paul : a screenplay
Screenplay : the foundations of screenwriting
North by northwest
Writing for emotional impact : advanced dramatic techniques to attract, engage, and fascinate the reader from beginning to end
Little miss sunshine
Adam's rib
The flower of my secret
Screenwriting tips, you hack : 150 practical pointers for becoming a better screenwriter
The searchers
All in the script : dramatic structure in narrative film
Psychology for screenwriters : building conflict in your script
The screenplay : authorship, theory and criticism
Chinatown
Quatermass and the pit
Writing the short film
Humour in the best of all possible worlds - writing and directing for film comedy : exploring craft of making the comic in the independent short
Into the woods : a five-act journey into story
Almost famous
Making a good script great is more than just a matter of putting a good idea on paper. It requires the working and reworking of that idea. This book takes you through the whole screenwriting process- from initial concept through final rewrite- providing specific methods that will help you craft tighter, stronger, and more salable scripts. While retaining the invaluable insights that placed its first 2 editions among the all-time most popular screenwriting books, this expanded, revised, and updated third edition adds rich and important new material on dialogue, cinematic images, and point of view. If you're writing your first script, this book will help develop your skills for telling a compelling and dramatic story. If you're a veteran screenwriter, it will help you articulate the skills you know intuitively. And if you're currently stuck on a rewrite, this book will help you analyze and solve your script's problems and get it back on track. –  WorldCat.
Monty Python's The life of Brian (of Nazareth)
Three colours trilogy: Blue, White, Red
Elements of style for screenwriters
Covering a wide range of forms and genres, The Bloomsbury Introduction to Creative Writing is a complete introductory manual for students of creative writing. Through a structured series of practical writing exercises – perfect for the classroom, the writer's workshop or as a starting point for a portfolio of work – the book builds the student writer from the first explorations of their own voice, through to mastery of a wide range of genres and forms.
The departed
The pleasures of structure : learning screenwriting through case studies
How to build a great screenplay : a master class in storytelling for film
Jane Austen's Sense & sensibility : the screenplay & diaries
The writer's journey : mythic structure for writers
Writing for visual media
Fantastic beasts : and where to find them : the original screenplay
The return of the thin man
A clockwork orange
Brecht on film and radio
The stories behind the scenes of the great film epics
Monty Python's the meaning of life
The 21st-century screenplay : a comprehensive guide to writing tomorrow's films
Out of sight
The piano
The mechanisms of enacting movie scripts in before sunrise and before sunset
Traffic
Teaching scriptwriting, screenplays and storyboards for film and TV production
