http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24217 associated diseases
associated diseases
Local and regional recurrences in breast cancer and Paget ́s disease of the breast
Supportive care of children with cancer : current therapy and guidelines from the children's oncology group
This book explores the challenges of treating foot complications associated with diabetes, a major challenge for societies the world over. Authors include experienced podiatrists, nurses and doctors, all of whom work in the field of diabetes foot care. The book is divided into prevention and early management, management of major complications, prevention of recurrence and how to structure a team. In each area, the authors describe their practical experiences and discuss how they have addressed clinical challenges. Management of Diabetic Foot Complications provides useful information for anyone responsible for the care of people with diabetes who may be at risk of developing foot complications.
Epidemiology of comorbidities in early rheumatoid arthritis with emphasis on cardiovascular disease
Abstract.
Mortality in epilepsy with emphasis on clinical features
Experimental and genetic studies on podocyte molecules CD2AP and SHIP2 in diabetic nephropathy
Computational analysis of the metabolic phenotypes in type 1 diabetes and their associations with mortality and diabetic complications
Asbtract.
Therapeutic kinase inhibitors
Early autonomic dysfunction in type 1 diabetes : insights into its significance and mechanisms
Health economics and outcome studies on type 2 diabetes education and screening in a Chinese population
Tolerability of raltitrexed and 5-fluorouracil chemotherapy in colorectal cancer patients
Chemotherapy-induced neuropathy: prevention and treatment
The surgical management of the diabetic foot and ankle
Metabolic adverse effects in clozapine-treated patients with schizophrenia : cytokine and adipokine alterations, neuropeptide Y, and genetic associations
Complementary and alternative medicine : attitudes of cancer patients, nurses and physicians, the use of complementary and alternative medicine by cancer patients
Offering up-to-date guidance to surgeons looking for the most current management for the care of Charcot arthropathy and related fractures of the foot and ankle in diabetic patients, this book discusses pathophysiology, recommendations for pre-surgical evaluations, and management strategies for diabetes and Charcot neuroarthropathy, along with demographics and epidemiology of diabetes. Conservative care, total contact casts and footwear are discussed, as well as the management of infections and osteomyelitis. Acute fractures and Charcot arthropathy for the forefoot, midfoot and ankle follow, including plate and axial fixation techniques, with authors' preferred treatment strategies presented in step-by-step fashion. Written and edited by recognized leaders in the field, this is a must-have for orthopedic surgeons and podiatrists treating diabetic patients and will be an excellent resource for treating these debilitating afflictions.
Survival of patients with type 1 diabetes on renal replacement therapy
Cancer and cancer care
Effects of adjuvant treatments on bone and lipid metabolism in breast cancer patients : impact of clodronate on bone mineral density
Physical activity and diabetic complications in patients with type 1 diabetes
Cardiotoxicity of adjuvant breast cancer radiotherapy : special focus on acute changes induced by left-sided breast cancer radiotherapy
Multiple sclerosis in Northern Finland:epidemiological characteristics and comorbidities
The prevalence of diabetic retinopathy and its effect on social well-being and health related quality of life in children and young adults with type 1 diabetes
Cancer and Cancer Care is a complete study of cancer, the care of people with the disease and its impact on everyday life. Addressing the physical and psychosocial aspects of the illness in detail, it covers all fundamental aspects of cancer diagnosis, treatment, survival and aspects of psychosocial support for all those affected by cancer: patients, their families, and their healthcare providers. Specialist chapters focus on the unique challenges of providing cancer care to populations with particular needs, including older adults; children and young people, those with learning disabilities and those with mental health problems.
Effects of exercise on breast cancer patients' quality of life
Management of Diabetic Foot Complications
Children's health, self-care and the use of self-medication : a population-based study in Finland
Abstract. - Abstract in Finnish.
Secreted phospholipases A[sub2] in host defense against bacteria
Modelling of ischemic stroke : focus on co-morbidities and therapeutic intervention
Microscopic colitis : clinical features and gastroduodenal and immunogenetic findings
Obstructive sleep apnea in adults : evolution, and related inflammation in early stages of disease
Multiple sclerosis in Northern Finland : epidemiological characteristics and comorbidities
Multiple sclerosis (MS) is the most frequent chronic inflammatory demyelinating disease of the central nervous system leading to neurological disability in young adults. Finland belongs to the high-risk areas of MS with continuously increasing of prevalence rates. In comparison to the general population, patients with MS have an increased risk of premature mortality. The extent of comorbidity rates and their role in the outcomes of MS have not been fully investigated. The aim of this thesis was to evaluate the epidemiology and survival of MS in Northern Ostrobothnia. The neurological comorbidity and frequency of fractures in patients with MS were also investigated. All MS patients diagnosed in Oulu University Hospital during 1990–2010 were included in this study. The prevalence of MS was 103/105; the mean overall incidence was 6.3/105. Women had a 2.3-fold higher MS incidence than men. The overall incidence figures were clearly affected by a pronounced increase among females. Neurological comorbidities were common in MS patients with 17.1 % of patients suffering from some other neurological diseases in addition with MS. The most common diseases were migraine (10.4 %) and epilepsy (4.7 %). The prevalence of stroke was similar in MS patients compared to the general population, but the 21-year survival rate was significantly lower in MS patients who had suffered a stroke compared with those MS patients without stroke. MS patients experienced a high risk for fragility fractures especially vertebral fractures. The possibility of osteoporosis had been examined only 26 % patients with fragility fractures and osteoporosis was detected in the majority. The prevalence of MS in our cohort was similar to the Finnish average, but in the Seinäjoki area, the prevalence was double the national average. Although the increasing incidence of female MS has been confirmed also in other studies, the reasons for this phenomenon are unknown. The increased risk for fragility fractures may be associated with low D vitamin levels or pathogenesis of MS. These findings emphasize the role of comorbid diseases in disability and survival of MS patients and attention should be paid to these conditions also in clinical practice.
Better healthcare for adults with Down syndrome : a guide for professionals, carers and families on the health needs of adults with Down syndrome
Juvenile idiopathic arthritis : studies on associated autoimmune diseases ad drug therapy
Novel cancer therapies : more efficacy, less toxicity and improved organ preservation
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Prevention of diabetic foot problems in Eastern Finland: the diabetics' own view on their feet condition, foot self-care practices, education and monitoring.
Bandolier's little book of pain
Natural, alternative, and complementary health care practices
Neurogliavascular remodeling and therapeutic intervention in ischemia and inflammation
