http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24246 political science researchers
political science researchers
Johan Galtung : a bibliography of his scholarly and popular writings 1951-80
Narrating 'experience': Raymond Aron and feminist scholars revis(it)ed : a subversive conversation
"Could do better" : academic interventions in Northern Ireland unionism
American political scientists : a dictionary
Hans J. Morgenthau : an intellectual biography
Our enemies and US : America's rivalries and the making of political science
'Why do all the women disappear?' : gendering processes in a political science department
The garments of court and palace : Machiavelli and the world that he made
Leo Strauss, the Straussians, and the American regime
Carl Schmitt : a biography
This book features case studies and reports on the use of "web 2.0" and social networking applications and services to increase the impact of research on policy in Latin America. During 2010 and 2011 Fundación Comunica, with funding from the International Development Research Centre (IDRC, Canada) and assistance from the Association for Progressive Communications (APC), supported a series of small research projects examining the use of online social networking services to link research and policy in the region. Twelve projects were supported, most of them selected from ninety-seven proposals received following the distribution of a call for proposals in May 2010. Two types of projects were supported: (i) action research projects involved both implementing and evaluating a specific use of one or more online social networking services to link research and policy or researchers and policymakers, and (ii) more conventional ones evaluated existing initiatives implemented by third parties. -- T. p. verso.
The political theory of Judith N. Shklar : exile from exile
Contexts of John Stuart Mill's liberalism : politics and the science of society in Victorian Britain
Evidence-based policymaking : insights from policy-minded researchers and research-minded policymakers
The political theory of John Gray
Lerning from Alker : the fith lesson
Hannah Arendt : for love of the world
Leo Strauss and the politics of American empire
The current state of political science in Finland
Surviving the research process in politics
Teaching in the midst of research : epsNet at the ECPR Marburg conference
Fifty key thinkers in international relations
Comparative European politics : the story of a profession
"Judith Shklar was a formative political thinker whose oeuvre defies traditional labels, and whose legacy is subtle but substantial. Her work emerged, as one observer has pointed out, between the "end of ideology" discussions of the 1950s and the early 1990s discussion of the "end of history." Shklar contributed significantly to American political thought by arguing for a new, more skeptical and stripped-down version of liberalism that intends to bring political theory and real-life experiences closer together. This book is the first to comprehensively explore how Shklar's ideas emerged, how her political theory developed, and the impact and legacy she left behind."--Publisher's website.
Unjust honors causa : chronicle a most peculiar academic dishonor
Impact 2.0 : new mechanisms for linking research and policy
Quentin Skinner : history, politics, rhetoric
In debate with Kari Palonen : concepts, politics, histories
Complexity thinking for peacebuilding : practice and evaluation
Directory of European political scientists
Hannah Arendt : a critical introduction
Between friends : the correspondence of Hannah Arendt and Mary McCarthy, 1949-1975
