http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2420 joy
joy
Rock in the East : Expectations Towards a Finnish Rock Festival in the Russian Context
Poddy and Flora
Freya Snufflenose's lost laugh
Mei Ling ima Stucavicu = Mei Ling's hiccups
Research of the world employment programme : future priorities and selective assessment
The International Court of Justice and judicial review : a study of the Court's powers with respect to judgements of the ILO and UN administrative tribunals
The Promise of Happiness is a provocative cultural critique of the imperative to be happy. It asks what follows when we make our desires and even our own happiness conditional on the happiness of others: “I just want you to be happy”; "I'm happy if you're happy." Combining philosophy and feminist cultural studies, Sara Ahmed reveals the affective and moral work performed by the “happiness duty,” the expectation that we will be made happy by taking part in that which is deemed good, and that by being happy ourselves, we will make others happy. Ahmed maintains that happiness is a promise that directs us toward certain life choices and away from others. Happiness is promised to those willing to live their lives in the right way. Ahmed draws on the intellectual history of happiness, from classical accounts of ethics as the good life, through seventeenth-century writings on affect and the passions, eighteenth-century debates on virtue and education, and nineteenth-century utilitarianism. She engages with feminist, antiracist, and queer critics who have shown how happiness is used to justify social oppression, and how challenging oppression causes unhappiness. Reading novels and films including Mrs. Dalloway, The Well of Loneliness, Bend It Like Beckham, and Children of Men, Ahmed considers the plight of the figures who challenge and are challenged by the attribution of happiness to particular objects or social ideals: the feminist killjoy, the unhappy queer, the angry black woman, and the melancholic migrant. Through her readings she raises critical questions about the moral order imposed by the injunction to be happy.
Time : a user's guide
Searching for the pedagogy of joy
Churchly joy : Orthodox devotions for the church year
Football crazy
The living law of nations : essays on refugees, minorities, indigenous peoples and the human rights of other vulnerable groups in memory of Atle Grahl-Madsen
NGO involvement in international organizations : a legal analysis
Social justice in the law of nations : the ILO impact after fifty years
Chocolat
Report of the Committee of Experts on the Application of Conventions and Recommendations (articles 19, 22 and 35 of the Constitution) : third item on the agenda : information and reports on the application of conventions and recommendations
Perspectives on decent work : statements by the ILO Director-General
Eat the cookie, buy the shoes : giving yourself permission to lighten up
ILO convention no. 169 in a Nordic context with comparative analysis :   an interdisciplinary approach
Nat the cat's sunny smile
Wac bug wiiiiifff! = Flash bang wheee!
Chronological index of legislation 1919-1975
Joy in the New Testament
The Bright side of life
Emotional display in argument, storytelling and teasing : a multimodal analysis
We'll always have Paris : a mother/daughter memoir
Lasting peace : the I.L.O. way : the story of the International Labour Organisation
Näkökulmia ilon pedagogiikkaan = Perspectives to pedagogy of joy
ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and its follow-up
Issues in the leather and footwear industry : a summary (s. 42-43).
Two great spiritual masters share their own hard-won wisdom about living with joy even in the face of adversity. The occasion was a big birthday. And it inspired two close friends to get together in Dharamsala for a talk about something very important to them. The friends were His Holiness the Dalai Lama and Archbishop Desmond Tutu. The subject was joy. Both winners of the Nobel Prize, both great spiritual masters and moral leaders of our time, they are also known for being among the most infectiously happy people on the planet. From the beginning the book was envisioned as a three-layer birthday cake: their own stories and teachings about joy, the most recent findings in the science of deep happiness, and the daily practices that anchor their own emotional and spiritual lives. Both the Dalai Lama and Archbishop Tutu have been tested by great personal and national adversity, and here they share their personal stories of struggle and renewal. Now that they are both in their eighties, they especially want to spread the core message that to have joy yourself, you must bring joy to others. Most of all, during that landmark week in Dharamsala, they demonstrated by their own exuberance, compassion, and humor how joy can be transformed from a fleeting emotion into an enduring way of life.
Introducing dialogic pedagogy : provocations for the early years
Recent developments in the iron and steel industry : Iron and Steel Committee, twelfth session, Geneva, 1992.
Fair immigration proceedings in Europe
Beyond the nation-state : functionalism and international organization
Lemza e Mei Lingut = Mei Ling's hiccups
Zughuttat May Linj ; Mei Ling's hiccups / arabic translation by Azza Habashi
The secret : unlocking the source of joy & fulfillment : the most powerful teaching of the world's oldest spiritual wisdom
International labour standards : a workers' education manual
The inspection panel of the World Bank : a different complaints procedure
The promise of happiness
Laughter : a scientific investigation
The ultimate happiness prescription : 7 keys to joy and enlightment
The situation of  workers of the occupied Arab territories : report of the Director-General : appendix
Be happy : release the power of happiness in you
Multinational enterprises and social policy
Henna Raita and Tanja Poutiainen : enjoying the sport is the most important thing
How to blow up tollins
The globalization of labour standards : the soft law track : global compact, ILO principles, NAFTA ageement, OECD guidelines
Ten theses of the joy of learning at primary schools
Everyday you : create your day with joy and mindfulness
Whether or not we ever attain universal social justice, there can be little doubt that the international community has set meaningful standards, and that significant progress has been made over the last century. The leading standard-setter throughout this period has been the International Labour Organisation (ILO), with its nearly 200 conventions on labour law and social security law. Yet it is often asked: how effective are these standards? Do any ILO Member States actually offer (to quote the Philadelphia Declaration of the ILO Conference of 1944) social security measures to provide a basic income to all in need of such protection and comprehensive medical care? Perhaps not, but some come close, thanks to the application of ILO standards. This much-needed volume is the first detailed analysis of the legal meaning of ILO conventions within the ratifying Member States. In unprecedented depth a panel of distinguished authorities explores the role of ILO conventions in preparing and amending national legislation, in parliamentary debate, and in national case law. For comparative purposes, five countries the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Spain, and the Netherlands - are studied in depth. Among the points of discussion that arise are the following: the social dumping that results from distortion of competition; the ILO's supervision procedures; protection of international migrant workers; temporary exceptions for developing countries; and the possibility of modernising texts of older conventions. A useful annex reprints the texts of the ILO Constitution and the so-called up-to-date conventions pertaining to social security which are currently being promoted for ratification by the ILO. At a time when the very meaning of such terms as work and social security is being challenged by prevailing economic and political forces, this full-scale reappraisal of a body of international law that, although soft, has had a pronounced positive effect on the progress of social justice is to be welcomed. It is well worth the close attention of government policymakers and regulators, company lawyers, and interested academics everywhere.
Happiness : cognition, experience, language
Why is God laughing? : the path to joy and spiritual optimism
The international labour code 1951 : a systematic arrangement of the conventions and recommendations adopted by the International Labour Conference, 1919-1951
Oh as a discourse marker
Happiness in premodern Judaism : virtue, knowledge, and well-being
All These Lonely People
International labour law
Estimation of greenhouse gas balance for forestry-drained peatlands
International labour law : selected issues : Lammy Betten
The role of the ILO in technical co-operation : sixth item on the agenda
Mei Ling'nin hickirigi = Mei Ling's hiccups
Happiness and joy in corpus contexts : a cognitive semantic analysis
Teaching and joy
Good business : leadership, flow and the making of meaning
Primrose : princess who just wants to have fun!
The antidote : happiness for people who can't stand positive thinking
Constitutional law and practice in the International Labour Organization
Between soft and hard law : the impact of international social security standards on national social security law
The book of joy
Emotional display in argument, storytelling and teasing:a multimodal analysis
ILO programme implementation 2006-07 : report of the Director-General
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
The logical structure of joy (and many other emotions)
Selected international human rights instruments and bibliography for research on international human rights law
The modern world of human rights : essays in honour of Thomas Buergenthal = El mundo moderno : de los derechos humanos : ensayos en honor de Thomas Buergenthal
European public contracts in a labour law perspective
The nitrous oxide problem
Focuses on employment and the working environment in the sector of vocational education and training (VET), and considers the larger lifelong learning framework to which public and private VET contributed.
Promotion of rural employment for poverty reduction : fourth item on the agenda
Fireworks! : four centuries of pyrotechnics in prints & drawings
The story of joy : from the Bible to late Romanticism
What a wonderful world
The ILO in the service of social progress : a workers' education manual
The sad princess
Global Dialogue Forum on Vocational Education and Training (Geneva, 29 - 30 September 2010) : final report
Firecrackers : the art & history
The chemistry of fireworks
International labour conventions and national law : the effectiveness of the automatic incorporation of treaties in national legal systems
The international covenant on civil and political rights and United Kingdom law
The United Nations system and its predecessors. 2, Predecessors of the United Nations
Every little thing
Cram101 textbook outlines to accompany Flow, the psychology of optimal experience
Proceedings of the World Congress on Henry Sidgwick : happiness and religion = Atti del Congresso Internazionale su Henry Sidgwick : felicità e religione
The moons of Jupiter
Employment and human rights : the international dimension
The ILO principle of equal pay and its implementation
The rights of the child and the changing image of childhood
Developing the Pedagogy of Joy as a teacher researcher through project action research called Sleeping Beauty
Recent developments in the leather and footwear industry : fourth Tripartite Technical Meeting for the Leather and Footwear Industry, Geneva, 1992. Report 1
Thank God it's Monday! : how to create a workplace you and your customers love
A psychological perspective on joy and emotional fulfillment
The International Labour Organisation : its work for social and economic progress
Reconstructing pain and joy : linguistic, literary and cultural perspectives
Splash : Anna Hibiscus!
No bath Bob
Revising the standards and the supervisory system of the ILO : The role of fundamental rights and principles
Negotiation tactics and social influence in the multilateral negotiation : a case study of the 86th International Labour Conference of the committee on the Declaration of Principles
The USA, ILO, UNESCO and IAEA : politicization and withdrawal in the specialized agencies
How to manage interaction in international project planning in web conference
Mimi and Moochie go shopping
Friendship family love & laughter : M.I.L.K
ILO programme implementation 2008-2009 : report of the Director-General
Stumbling on happiness
Tripartism and the International Labour Organisation : a study of the legal concept : its origins, function and evolution in the law of nations
