http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24269 veins
veins
Since their first application in 1982, Totally Implantable Venous Access Devices (TIVADs) have become increasingly important in the clinical practice, as more intensive chemotherapy and parenteral treatments have come into use. At this time, there is objective evidence that TIVADs are a safe, effective strategy for long-term venous access; they play a significant role throughout the management of the oncology patient, as they are needed in the initial phases for active treatments as well as in the last stages for palliative measures, making possible repeated administration of chemotherapeutic vesicant agents, nutrients, antibiotics, analgesics, and blood products. According to a number of prospective studies, use of TIVADs is associated with a significant complication rate (10% to 25% of all patients). Evidence-based data support that most complications are directly related to inappropriate technique of placement and/or nursing care, sometimes leading to TIVAD loss, significant morbidity, increased duration of hospitalization, and additional medical cost. A group of world-renowned experts - both in the clinical and research fields – contributed to this volume, whose aim is to provide clinicians, nurses and medical students with a multidisciplinary, full update on these devices, as long term central venous access can no be longer considered a routine matter, and serious complications can be maintained at a very low level only if strict adherence to a well-defined protocol of surgical technique and of catheter care is maintained.
Intracranial dural arteriovenous fistulas : characteristics, treatment and long-term outcome
Role of purinergic signaling in pathological pulmonary vascular remodeling
Elimination of axial venous reflux
"The book is organized into three sections: tenets, the seven arteriovenous malformations, and selection. The tenets establish eight steps for AVM resection that comprise the phases of battle, as follows: step 1, exposure; step 2, subarachnoid dissection; step 3, defining the draining vein; step 4, defining the feeding arteries; step 5, pial dissection; step 6, parenchymal dissection;, step 7, ependymal or deep dissection; and step 8, finally resection. Critical concepts for dissection and resection are covered in the tenets section. In the section on the seven arteriovenous malformations, the anatomical battlefields for the lobes and deep regions are reviewed, 32 subtypes are described, and a resection strategy is presented for each subtype, step by step. The selection section addresses the secret to successful AVM surgery, which has nothing to do with surgical strategy or technique; rather, it is choosing your battles wisely"--Provided by publisher.
Systemic transplantation of bone marrow stromal cells : an experimental animal study of biodistribution and tissue targeting
Consultative hematology
Vascular surgery and endovascular therapy
Management of Lower Extremity Oedema : Patient Guidance Material on Compression Bandaging
Activated protein C resistance : what have we learned now that the dust has settled?
Aneurysms of the vertebral and posterior inferior cerebellar arteries
A Latin technical phlebotomy and its Middle English translation
Venous thrombosis in pediatric cardiac surgery
Effect of artificial respiration on subdiaphragmatic caval flow and on development of lower limb thrombosis
The vein book
Molecular dissection of TIE2 and PIK3CA mutations in venous malformations and blue rubber bleb nevus syndrome
Pathobiology of healing response after endovascular treatment of intracranial aneurysms : paradigm shift from lumen to wall oriented therapy
Totally Implantable Venous Access Devices : Management in Mid- and Long-term Clinical Setting
Venous malformation causative mutations affect TIE2 receptor trafficking, downstream signaling and vascular endothelial cell functions
The extracellular regulation of bone morphogenetic proteins in Drosophila and sawfly wing
The microRNAs in the blood vessel endothelial cells
Venous thromboembolism : acute diagnostic assessment and follow-up
Factor V leiden as risk factor for pregnancy complications : epidemiological study of Finnish women
Revascularization of the limbs using vein grafts after vascular injuries
Biofilm-based healthcare-associated infections. Vol. 1
Blood collection : a short course
Venous thromboembolism and obstruction after pacemaker implantation : a prospective study of 150 consecutive cardiac pacing device implantations
Structural and functional findings in exudative age-related long-term macular degeneration
Venous malformations (VMs) are localized defects in vascular morphogenesis which can seriously impede or even threaten the patient's life. VMs are characterized by enlarged, torturous vein-like channels lined by unevenly distributed smooth muscle cells. A large number of mutations in the endothelial TIE2 receptor tyrosine kinase have been found from more than half of the lesions screened, thus providing a common genetic cause. TIE2 has a crucial role in vascular development, remodeling and quiescence. However, the molecular and cellular abnormalities caused by TIE2-mutations in endothelial cells and how they relate to VM formation have been unknown.The aim of this study was to examine how VM-specific mutations affect the molecular characteristics of TIE2-receptor downstream signaling and cellular functions. Because no effective treatment has been available for VMs, a better understanding of the molecular basis of their pathology should enable the development of more potent and non-invasive treatments as well as provide a better understanding of vascular morphogenesis in general.The results demonstrate that the TIE2-VM forms have both common and specific effects on TIE2 and the endothelial cells (ECs) expressing them. Mutation-induced TIE2 autoactivation leading to loss of normal EC monolayer organization due to extracellular matrix (ECM) fibronectin deficiency was found to be a common change. This was shown to occur through chronic activation of the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway, which also caused activation of the proteolytic plasminogen system. Also, most mutations altered TIE2 trafficking and angiopoietin ligand regulated TIE2 functions, albeit through different mechanisms. Using RNA-screening we showed that the most common sporadic TIE2-VM mutation dysregulates genes affecting vascular development, cell migration and ECM remodeling. PDGFB, a major attractant of vascular mural cells, was found to be strongly attenuated due to chronic activation of Akt, which also increases EC survival, by the TIE2 mutant receptors.To conclude, the results in this thesis reveal genetic, molecular and cellular alterations which may potentiate VM formation. This data provides new information on the pathological mechanisms behind abnormal vascular morphogenesis and should assist the development of new molecular treatment strategies for VM patients.
Biliary atresia : treatment results and native liver function
Antiangiogenic and proteolytic activities of prostate-specific antigen
High-risk patients and high-risk grafts in infrainguinal bypass for critical limb ischaemia
Palliative and supportive care of advanced cancer
Seven AVMs : tenets and techniques for resection
