http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24202 sustainable consumption
sustainable consumption
Future prospects of sustainable development : towards the year 2030 in Finland
Zero waste home : the ultimate guide to simplifying your life
Sustainable marketing : how social, environmental and economic considerations can contribute towards sustainable companies and markets
Encouraging energy conservation with ʻno hard feelingsʻ : a two-part analysis of communication between energy companies and Finnish households
Sustainable consumption : ethics, national indices and international relations
Essays on the economics of environmental and sustainability labelling
The implementation of a green office at JAMK : case: Dynamo campus
"In Green Gone Wrong environmental writer Heather Rogers blasts through the marketing buzz of big corporations and asks a simple question: Do today's much-touted "green" producers - carbon offsets, organic, food, biofuels, and eco-friendly cars and homes - really work? Implicit in efforts to go green is the promise that global warming can be stopped by swapping out dirty goods for "clean" ones. But can earth-friendly products really save the planet?" "This narrative explores how the most readily available solutions to environmental crisis may be disastrously off the mark. Rogers travels the world tracking how the conversion from a "perro" to a "green" society affects the most fundamental aspects of life - food, shelter, and transportation. Reporting from some of the most remote places on earth, Rogers uncovers shocking results that include massive clear-cutting, destruction of native ecosystems, and grinding poverty. Relying simply on market forces, people with good intentions wanting to just "do something" to help the planet are left feeling confused and powerless." "Green Gone Wrong reveals a fuller story, taking the reader into forests, fields, factories, and boardrooms around the world to draw out the unintended consequences, inherent obstacles, and successes of eco-friendly consumption. What do the labels "USDA Certified Organic" and "Fair Trade" really mean on a vast South American export-driven organic farm? A superlow-energy "eco-village" in Germany's Black Forest demonstrates that green homes dramatically shrink energy use, so why aren't we using this technology in America? The decisions made in Detroit's executive suites have kept Americans driving gas-guzzling automobiles for decades, even as U.S. automakers have European models that clock twice the mpg." "This expose pieces together a global picture of what's happening in the name of today's environmentalism. Rogers casts a sober eye on what's working and what's not."--BOOK JACKET.
Sustainable business models to support sustainable consumption
Abstract.
Motivating change : sustainable design and behaviour in the built environment
Energy, sustainability and the environment : technology, incentives, behavior
The false promises of the digital revolution : how computers transform education, work, and international development in ways that are ecologically unsustainable
Longer lasting products : alternatives to the throwaway society
Social dynamics for sustainable food systems : actors' orientations towards sustainability in primary production and public consumption
Architecture & sustainable development : 27th international conference on passive and low energy architecture / proceeding 2
Design for a living world
Cultural studies and anti-consumerism : a critical encounter
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Existing buildings – technologies and challenges for residential and commercial use
21st century sustainable homes
Green products : perspectives on innovation and adoption
"This significant volume is the first to bring together research, policy and practice on the implications of the rapidly evolving green growth paradigm on the tourism sector. It provides a conceptual discussion of the implications of the new development trend for key players; consumers, firms and destinations of the travel and tourism system. It integrates case studies that highlight key issues in the emerging developing markets and explores the policy settings and frameworks that underpin tourism growth towards the green economy. This is essential reading for all those interested in Tourism and Development Studies"--
The habits of consumption
Green fashion. Volume 1
Living standards and changing expectations : investigating domestic necessity and environmental sustainability in an affluent society
Architecture & sustainable development : 27th international conference on passive and low energy architecture / proceeding 1
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Fish aware : textile design as an environmental intervention : how textile design can be used as a medium to raise awareness of overfishing, and influence the pattern of fish consumption
Four scenarios for future food consumption in Finland : focus on the role of ecological food
Energy analysis of 3D model of building in ArchiCAD environment
Environmentally friendly wines in the Chilean consumer market : what do Chilean consumers think about environmentally friendly wines?
Waste management and sustainable consumption : reflections on consumer waste
Environmental ethics : an overview for the twenty-first century
Developing a plan for the planet : a business plan for sustainable living
Ecohouse : a design guide
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Energy performance, technologies and challenges of new buildings in Russia and Scandinavia
"This book advocates a more thoughtful approach to urban water management, including for example, exponents of the Water Sensitive Urban Design (WSUD) approach in Australia and Low Impact Development in the US. This new approach involves reducing water consumption, harvesting rainwater, recycling rainwater and adopting Sustainable Drainage Systems (SuDS) where surface water is not sent straight to drains but is intercepted by features like green roofs, rain gardens, swales and ponds. This water sensitive approach conserves water, reduces flooding, cleans water (and therefore streams, rivers and seas). It is compatible with the greener city and green infrastructure agendas, whereby policy makers want to make cities more liveable. This subject matters because the current use of water by cities is unsustainable. Cities in particular need to change the existing linear model of water consumption and use to a more circular one in order to survive. Aquifers all over the world, including some that have taken millions of years to form, are predicted to dry up in the coming decades. Reservoirs, eg Lake Mead near Las Vegas once believed to have permanently solved water supply problems, are falling to dangerously low levels. This book is needed in order to bring together the various specialised technical discussions that have been continuing for some time into a volume that is more accessible to designers (engineers and architects), urban planners and managers, and policymakers. People need to understand that urban water management should increasingly become their concerns rather than a technical matter to be addressed by specialists alone"--
Fashion and sustainability : design student's knowledge and attitudes
The myth of the ethical consumer
Proposal for a common Nordic IPP. Vol. 1, Background documents prepared for a Nordic IPP-meeting in Saltsjöbaden February 9-10 in the year 2000.
Debunking weak sustainable consumption : towards strong sustainable consumption governance
Challenges of sustainable development in Poland
Grocers: the rise and rise of supermarket chains
Making sustainable consumption and production a reality : a guide for business and policy makers to life cycle thinking and assessment
The greatest guide to green living
Do good lives have to cost the earth?
The economics of enough : how to run the economy as if the future matters
Consumer society : : critical issues and environmental consequences
Green consumers? Greening consumption?
The water sensitive city
Energy consumption of workstations and external devices in school of business and information technology
A new role for fashion designers in the apparel industry : a facilitatior
Household sustainability : challenges and dilemmas in everyday life
How bad are bananas? : the carbon footprint of everything
Green growth and travelism : concept, policy and practice for sustainable tourism
Foreign direct investment, clean development mechanism, and environmental management : a case of Sub-Saharan Africa
How to identify green-washing in a green marketing strategy
How can we as consumers, company leaders or students have our needs met without adventuring the possibilities of future generations having their needs met? During recent years, the interest in sustainability issues in general and sustainable companies in particular has increased considerably, among consumers as well as company leaders, politicians, journalists and other groups. So far, there has been a lack of scientific literature reflecting a marketing perspective on the sustainability dimension. This book is the authors' attempt to fill that void and contribute to making sustainability an integral part of marketing, for instance in business models, brands, and marketing communication.
Passive houses : energy efficient homes
Parents as potential sustainable consumers : examining the content and values in advertisements in Finnish family magazines
Sustainable protein production and consumption : pigs or peas?
From disposable to sustainable : the complex interplay between design and consumption of textiles and clothing
Architecture and design versus consumerism : how design activism confronts growth
Discusses the carbon footprint--the carbon emissions used to manufacture and transport--everyday items, including paper bags and imported produce, and provides information to help build carbon considerations into everyday purchases.
Sustainable surface transport research : 7th framework programme 2007-2013 : project synopses. 2, Calls 2010 to 2013.
DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPECT OF CHINESE SECOND-HAND MARKET
Consumer selection of vegetarian food in restaurants
What kind of values could be recognised in green messages, with special emphasis on children
The European environment : state and outlook 2015 : synthesis report
Governing everyday consumption
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
Eco-business : a big-brand takeover of sustainability
Differences in consumer perspectives how sustainable food consumption is perceived and signalled in the prevailing consumer culture : among Generation Y
Sustainable architecture white papers
This collection will be a useful point of reference for students, researchers and policy makers seeking a wider understanding of the state-of-the-art of sustainable consumption research.
Saving energy to protect the nature, but monitoring to reduce the bill : experiences from Adjutantti
Sustainable Marketing  : The Importance of Being a Sustainable Business
Joyful participation in new ways of designing and making clothes : enabling person-product attachment to potentially reduce unnecessary consumption
Engineering solutions for sustainability : materials and resources : workshop report and recommendations
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Sustainability in fashion and textiles : values, design, production and consumption
Sustainable consumption and production (SCP) - eco-labels in Finnish consumer goods
Ethical consumption : social value and economic practice
European module for consumer education : the final report may 2001.
International entrepreneurship : innovative solutions for a fragile planet
Sustainable development in the European Union : 2011 monitoring report of the EU sustainable development strategy
Green consumerism : an A-to-Z guide
Myth about altruistic organic consumption : values influence in perceiving organic meat consumer
Making it : radical home ec for a post-consumer world
Environmental Marketing: strategies, practice, theory, and research
Food for thought : changing the world one bite at a time
Debunking weak sustainable consumption : towards Strong Sustainable Consumption Governance
Structural conditions of natural resource management : understanding the roles of complexity, control and evolution in societal resource use
Sustainable patterns of consumption and production : reports from the Seminar on Instruments to Promote Sustainable Patterns of Consumption and Production, Stockholm 13-14 December 1994.
Conference proceedings : 15th international passive house conference 2011
Plan for the planet : a business plan for a sustainable world
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Energy performance of current building stock in Scandinavia and Russia
Contemporary issues in green and ethical marketing
Responsible tourist behaviour
Creative sustainability : case studies on user-driven business innovation
What's fair? : the paradox of seeking justice through markets / Mark Moberg and Sarah Lyon -- Fair trade and the specialty coffee market : growing alliances, shifting rivalries / Julia Smith -- A new world? : neoliberalism and fair trade farming in the Eastern Caribbean / Mark Moberg -- Fair flowers : environmental and social labeling in the global cut flower trade / Catherine Ziegler -- Colonial pasts and fair trade futures : changing modes of production and regulation on darjeeling tea plantations / Sarah Besky -- A market of our own : women's livelihoods and fair trade markets / Sarah Lyon -- Fractured ties : the business of development in Kenyan fair trade tea / Catherine S. Dolan -- Fair trade craft production and indigenous economies : reflections on "acceptable" indigeneities / Patrick C. Wilson -- Fair money, fair trade : tracing alternative consumption in a local currency economy / Faidra Papavasiliou -- Relationship coffees : structure and agency in the fair trade system / Molly Doane -- Novica, Navajo knock-offs, and the 'net : a critique of fair trade marketing practices / Kathy M'Closkey -- Naming rights : ethnographies of fair trade / Jane Henrici
Sustainable fashion and textiles : design journeys
Examining the role of waste-to-energy in a circular economy in Finland with meeting a zero-waste goal
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Strategic plan for the implementation of energy efficient renovation and construction in Northern parts of Russia
Ekologisten & eettisten palveluiden opas : Tampere = Guide to ecological & ethical services in Tampere
Marketing in food, hospitality, tourism and events : a critical approach
Responsible living : concepts, education and future perspectives
Fair Trade and Social Justice : Global Ethnographies
Consumer moral leadership
Green Supply Chain Management : Product Life Cycle Approach
Sustainable practices : social theory and climate change
Handbook of research on sustainable consumption
Museums : citizens and sustainable solutions
Green gone wrong : the broken promise of the eco-friendly economy
Design forward : creative strategies for sustainable change
The multiple faces of a sustainability strategy : analysing Finland's programme to promote sustainable consumption and production
Readings and cases in sustainable marketing : a strategic approach to social responsibility
Living within a fair share ecological footprint
BIM (Building Information Model) is an emerging notion appeared in recent years. Since then a large amount of BIM programs has been released. EcoDesigner is one of such programs, which is dealing with 3D-models. The research in question focuses on the study and analysis of this program. The paper presents a 3D-model of a building and its examination. The main principles of the calculation have been determined. The thesis shows and describes the calculations of the energy consumption of the building. The manual calculation of the heating losses is presented and described. All in all, the objectivity of the data is established and confirmed. Software of this type is crucial and useful nowadays and has a significant potential in the future. The software of BIM will be further developed in diverse directions. Its improvement will simplify the work process of engineers.
Green fashion. Volume 2
