http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24236 health insurance
health insurance
Summary: The development of social expenditure in the long term.
Pricing the priceless : a health care conundrum
The Economics of health and health care
Health care financing through micro insurance in Cameroon : a prelude to Universalism
Legal compliance in a new market : the impacts of HIPAA on Norfolk Mobility Benefits upon entering the U.S. market
Health service use and health status under national sickness insurance : an evaluation resurvey of Finland
Universal health care in southern Africa : policy contestation in health system reform in South Africa and Zimbabwe
"Reduced work participation of working age population with health problems is a key societal concern in many Western countries, including Finland. Thus, activating people with partial work ability and keeping them in the workforce has been a common objective of many social and health policies. Scientific evaluation of the effectiveness of the policy measures has, however, been limited. This study examined the effectiveness and efficacy of partial sickness benefit and related partial sick leave on return to work, work retention and work participation in Finland when compared to regular full sick leave. Different study designs and methods were adopted to overcome the methodological challenges encountered in the study." -- (Back Cover)
A health economics primer
The economics of health and health care
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland. 1998 : 93. vuosikerta = årgång 93 = volume 93
Long-term issues in health and insurance economics
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
Insuring security : biopolitics, security, and risk
Health policy : an introduction to process and power
Life and health insurance behaviour of individuals having undergone a predictive genetic testing programme for hereditary non-polyposis colorectal cancer
The significance of national health insurance on access to health care delivery : case study (Ghana, Techiman Municipality)
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland. 2000.
Health financing mechanisms, access to health and economic growth
"In Pricing the Priceless, Joseph Newhouse explains the different pricing systems and how they affect resource allocation and efficiency. All pricing arrangements, he explains, involve trade-offs. The advantages of more inclusive bases of payment, for example, may be offset by incentives for providers to select good risks or to stint on the delivery of services."--BOOK JACKET.
Improving the accessibility of pediatric dental care : review study
Report by the Somera Committee
Health care reform : learning from international experience
"In the post-Cold War, post financial crisis era, health care is an issue of critical political, personal and economic concern. In the US, plans to address a troubled health care model were met by vocal opposition. In the UK and post-communist Europe, attempts to introduce aspects of that model have resulted in controversy and violent protests, while China and Russia have recently backpedalled on marketising reforms. This innovative book provides a timely analysis addressing the many dimensions of radical health care change. Bringing together three major geopolitical regions with strikingly different recent histories, this international cast of contributors, examines reform in US, China and Europe within a single study frame. They look at the processes that have been involved when countries with such diverse starting points try to move towards a globally shared health care framework. An underlying theme running through the chapters is access to care, and how it is shaped by moral economies, by what can be said and known, and by political and economic power. Health Care Reform and Globalisation confronts the interpretations and experiences of patients, professionals, and politicians of health care transformation in practice. It will be of interest to scholars from a range of diverse disciplinary backgrounds, including public health, anthropology, area studies, sociology, politics, social policy, geography and economics"--Provided by publisher.
Social security in Finland
Impact of dental insurance on adults' oral health care in Tehran, Iran
Studies on social insurance, income taxation and labor supply
Long-term follow-up study focusing on MDD patients' maintenance treatment, adherence, disability and smoking
Medicare and medicaid claims and procedures. Vol. 1 : sections 1 to 609
Supplementary health insurance in Finland : consumer preferences and behaviour
Social security and health promotion - networking for future wellbeing = Seminārs "Sociālā drosība un veselības veicināsana - sadarbība nākotnes labklājībai" : seminar held at Jekabpils, Latvia 16-17 September 1999
Genetics and insurance
Health surveys in the planning and implementation of sickness insurance in Finland
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
"The growth in private health care for the middle classes has resulted in deeply segregated and unequal health care, with poor people being relegated to under-resourced and unresponsive public systems, and wealthy minorities receiving world-class treatment at very high prices. This book examines the scope for health care reform in South Africa and Zimbabwe. Both countries are undergoing significant attempts at reforming inequitable, private sector-dominated, health care systems in the context of fragile, negotiated, social settlements. In South Africa, the government is moving towards introducing a national health insurance scheme that holds the historic promise of introducing social solidarity and effective health care for all its citizens. However, key aspects of the proposed scheme remain unresolved and need to be widely debated. In Zimbabwe, mandatory national health insurance has been discussed for decades without any conclusion being reached or a system implemented. This option needs to be revisited as the economy stabilizes and confidence in governance improves. Based on extensive research, the contributors to this volume examine health care reform in historical context, analyze the views of key stakeholders, and reflect on current proposals for better health financing and more people-centered health systems, based on the principles of universality and social solidarity. Universal Health in Southern Africa is essential reading for academics, health professionals, and policy makers concerned with the historical, ideological, and institutional background to the current policy debate on the commercialization of health care and proposed alternatives, such as a national health system"--Back cover.
Health care reform and globalisation : the US, China, and Europe in comparative perspective
The effectiveness of vocational oriented medical rehabilitation (ASLAK®) amongst public sector employees
Funding health care : options for Europe
Social security and health promotion - networking for future wellbeing = Seminars "Sociala drosiba un veselibas veicinasana - sadarbiba nakotnes labklajibai" : seminar held at Jekabpils, Latvia 16-17 September 1999
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
The complete book of pesticide management : science, regulation, stewardship, and communication
Summary: Being ill on the labor market.
Activation policies and the protection of individual rights : a critical assessment of the situation in Denmark, Finland and Sweden
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statisical yearbook of Finland. 1991.
Working-class patients and the medical establishment : self-help in Britain from the mid-nineteenth century to 1948
Patients with passports : medical tourism, law and ethics
Management and Leadership in the Public Dental Service in Finland between 2003 and 2011
An innovative economic incentive model for improvement of the working environment in Europe
Effect of partial sick leave on work participation
Health politics : interests and institutions in Western Europe
The new wellness revolution : how to make a fortune in the next trillion dollar industry
Essays on misplanning wealth and health : a behavioural approach
Essays on sharing, management and evaluation of health risks
Utilisation of maternity care in rural China : affordability and quality
Health economics
Utilisation of maternity care in rural China: Affordability and Quality
Summary: Memorandum (Final report) of the Working Group Investigating the Significance of Non-Institutional and Institutional Care.
Mental disorders as a major challenge in prevention of work disability : experiences in Finland, Germany, the Netherlands and Sweden
