http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24267 online materials
online materials Internet materials
Internet research methods
Digital afterlife : a general overview
Online research for preparing your thesis : a guide for conducting qualitative and quantitative research online
How to build a digital library
Electronically stored information : the complete guide to management, understanding, acquisition, storage, search, and retrieval
The patron-driven library : a practical guide for managing collections and services in the digital age
e-Research : transformation in scholarly practice
The complete guide to referencing and avoiding plagiarism
Computer-aided ear-training : a contemporary approach to Kodály's music educational philosophy
The evolution and equilibrium of copyright in the digital age
Tempting to tag : an experimental comparison of four tagging input mechanisms
Building an electronic resource collection : a practical guide
Lithuanian folklore heritage : from printed to digital folklore library
User-generated content and its impact on web-based library services
The Alma database : an important new scholarly resource
Information users and usability in the digital age
"A guide for librarians to develop a new relationship with technology that preserves the core mission of libraries while responding to the needs of a new generation of library clients"--Page xxii.
A guide to finding quality information on the Internet : selection and evaluation strategies
Septentrionalia : bridging the digital transition for medieval studies
Reinventing discovery : the new era of networked science
Online education using learning objects
Library 2.0
The struggle in online copyright enforcement : problems and prospects
Teaching information literacy for inquiry-based learning
Access controlled : the shaping of power, rights, and rule in cyberspace
Aether9
This site provides thermochemical, thermophysical, and ion energetics data compiled by NIST under the Standard Reference Data Program.
E-research : transformation in scholarly practice
Archiving the web : European experiences
FRBR in the management and cataloging of web resources
Web wisdom : how to evaluate and create information quality on the Web
Building and managing e-book collections : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
Open access : what you need to know now
Electronic resource management : practical perspectives in a new technical services model
The Internet and acquisitions : sources and resources for development
"It is axiomatic to suggest that copyright and its utility in the digital environment are important issues. There is much debate of the role and appropriate parameters of copyright (how should copyright works be available and protected online and how should fair uses work in the online environment) where the availability of works is more international than ever before. The importance of the issues and the difficulties seem to have resulted in some aspects of the debate becoming significantly polarised and those at the poles are frequently uncompromising"--
Managing electronic reserves
The book deals with online or web research or how to conduct qualitative and quantitative research in the Internet. Research activities have moved into the Internet, because people and businesses have moved there some of their operations. The net has become a place where people spend more and more of their time. Through the Internet you can research the traditional physical world but on the other hand research may be aimed at the online world itself: what people are doing online, how they operate, how they organise themselves and how they can be influenced. The book also addresses tools for measuring online traffic (web analytics). Methods of conducting research have not changed as the same analytical methods still apply for analysing materials online. The Internet has socialised research activities but not, however, the requirement for knowhow regarding planning, conducting and analyzing research.
Official tourism websites : a discourse analysis perspective
Public and academic libraries offering advanced electronic resources while trying to build visibility within the communities they serve often are hard pressed to implement effective communication strategies and marketing programs. This book offers research on and solutions to marketing and promotion of e-resources in an approachable and user-friendly way. Kennedy and LaGuardia guide readers through every step of developing, implementing, and evaluating marketing plans.
Text has always been the chief vehicle for the inscription and dissemination of knowledge and culture. As more and more of our textual communication moves into the digital realm we have reached a crucial moment in the history of textual transmission. In many respects digital text looks deceptively like print. But beneath the surface of the screen, digital textuality obeys very different rules than printed text. The digital textual universe offers a wealth of new and exciting possibilities--but it also sets new rules for the writer's and reader's engagement with text. Changing our textual mind analyses the continuities and discontinuities in textual transmission as we move from a print paradigm into an increasingly digital world. It conceptualises the epochal transition from analogue to digital both in factual terms and in terms of its social significance. Centuries of reading and writing practice have made us Homo typographicus. Our entire way of disseminating knowledge and culture is firmly based on print culture. The need to come to grips with the shift to digital textuality in the early twenty-first century will literally change our minds.
Executive's guide to cloud computing
Web 2.0 and libraries : impacts, technologies and trends
Designing a simple folder structure for a complex domain
Ecommerce inbound marketing : how to sell better than Amazon
A companion to digital literary studies
Mobile devices and the library : handheld tech, handheld reference
Investigating online reading with eye tracking and EEG : the influence of text format, reading task and parafoveal stimuli on reading processes
Internet for nursing research : a guide to strategies, skills, and resources
Linked data : structured data on the Web
Marketing your library's electronic resources : a how-to-do-it manual
Doing qualitative research online
Marketing and promoting electronic resources : creating the e-buzz!
Journal of electronic resources librarianship
"How can Twitter data be used to study individual-level human behavior and social interaction on a global scale? This book introduces readers to the methods, opportunities, and challenges of using Twitter data to analyze phenomena ranging from the number of people infected by the flu, to national elections, to tomorrow's stock prices. Each chapter, written by leading domain experts in clear and accessible language, takes the reader to the forefront of the newly emerging field of computational social science. An introductory chapter on Twitter data analysis provides an overview of key tools and skills, and gives pointers on how to get started, while the case studies demonstrate shortcomings, limitations, and pitfalls of Twitter data as well as its advantages. The book will be an excellent resource for social science students and researchers wanting to explore the use of online data"--
Writing feature articles : a practical guide to methods and marketes
Attracting, educating, and serving remote users through the Web : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
Participatory, community and spontaneous archives and digitally born cultural heritage
The future of classification
"The digital age has prompted new questions about the role and function of copyright. Internationally, copyright has progressively increased its scope of protection over new technology and modes of distribution. Yet many copyright owners express dissatisfaction and consider that the system is not working for them. Many users of copyright material, and even some owners, consider that copyright gives too much protection and that copyright owners want too much. This book considers how copyright might evolve in the twenty-first century and how it might reach equilibrium between authors, owners, users and those who connect them"--
The basic business library : core resources and services
New media literacies and participatory popular culture across borders
Introduction to webometrics : quantitative web research for the social sciences
Ethnic minorities of Central and Eastern Europe in the internet space : a computer-assisted content analysis
Describing electronic, digital and other media using AACR2 and RDA : a how-to-do-it manual and CD-ROM for librarians
The past decade has seen a profound shift in our collective understanding of the digital network. What was once understood to be a transcendent virtual reality is now experienced as a ubiquitous grid of data that we move through and interact with every day, raising new questions about the social, locative, embodied, and object-oriented nature of our experience in the networked world. In The Emergence of the Digital Humanities, Steven E. Jones examines this shift in our relationship to digital technology and the ways that it has affected humanities scholarship and the academy more broadly. Based on the premise that the network is now everywhere rather than merely "out there," Jones links together seemingly disparate cultural events—the essential features of popular social media, the rise of motion-control gaming and mobile platforms, the controversy over the "gamification" of everyday life, the spatial turn, fabrication and 3D printing, and electronic publishing—and argues that cultural responses to changes in technology provide an essential context for understanding the emergence of the digital humanities as a new field of study in this millennium.
Digital detectives : solving information dilemmas in an online world
Internet security control system : Agent-based distributed control system for securing traffic on the Internet
Implementing mobile TV : ATSC Mobile DTV, MediaFLO, DVB-H/SH, DMB, WiMAX, 3G Systems, and rich media applications
Digital archaeology : the art and science of digital forensics
Virtual knowledge : experimenting in the humanities and the social sciences
Changing our textual minds : towards a digital order of knowledge
"This succinct, comprehensive sourcebook provides everything needed to start, maintain, and provide service for a business collection, and to research virtually any business topic."
A significant shift is taking place in libraries, with the purchase of e-resources accounting for the bulk of materials spending. Electronic Resource Management makes the case that technical services workflows need to make a corresponding shift toward e-centric models and highlights the increasing variety of e-formats that are forcing new developments in the field.
Smashing WordPress : beyond the blog
Mapping the argumetnt on a vaccine information website : an approach to wicked problems
Emotions, technology, design, and learning
The emergence of the digital humanities
Adobe InDesign CS6 interactive : digital publishing for the internet & the iPAD
Reusing open resources : learning in open networks for work, life and education
Today, the media and communication markets are undergoing a fundamental transformation. This thesis focuses on the market for electronic media products in the higher education market and especially on the market for scientific journals. In contrast to other media sectors this partial market shows a significantly different structure and different characteristics. For around 10 years scientific publishers have offered electronic versions of their products, which is of vital importance for the scientific communication of research activities all over the world. Content providers as well as libraries face new duties and responsibilities. Librarians especially have to cope with the new assignments as advanced information intermediaries. In view of decreasing library budgets and increasing costs for scientific information sources, the economic responsibilities have become an important issue in librarians' daily work. Thus, one major goal of this research is to obtain a better understanding of the way in which scientific content is traded over markets.
My Google apps
NIST chemistry webbook
Color for Web Design
Active expert
Who's calling?
Hands-On  Guide to Webcasting : Internet Event and AV Production
Access and identity management for libraries : controlling access to online information
Folklore Fellows' Summer School 2015 : Doing folkloristics in the digital age
Web design all-in-one for dummies
Integrated marketing communications plan for online newspaper : case : ess.fi of Mediatalo Esa
Online reading as an individual and social practice
Interactive audiovisual objects
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
This book deals with conducting qualitative and quantitative research on the Internet. Research activity has moved onto the net because people and businesses have transferred part of their activities onto the Internet. On the other hand the net has become a world of its own where people spend more and more of their time. People spend an ever increasing proportion of their time operating on the Internet. Through the Internet you can research the traditional physical world or the Internet has become a medium to conduct research. Alternatively, research may be aimed at the net world itself and its functions: what people do on the net, how they operate and how you can influence them. Influencing requires objective knowledge on the laws governing the world of the Internet. The book also discusses the tools for measuring the Internet traffic or how you can measure the activities of the visitors to the net. Analysis of Internet pages forms its own entirety or web-analysis. Research methods have not changed as the same analysis methods still apply to the analysis of the materials of the qualitative and quantitative research conducted on the Internet. Conducting analyses on the net has revolutionized and eased gathering of data but irrespective of this you must know how to analyze and correctly interpret the collected material. The Internet has socialized research activity but there are elements such as planning, conducting and analyzing of research that it has not socialized. Internet solutions have their own benefits and disadvantages. The book has addressed the planning and reporting of qualitative and quantitative research in a manner that is easy to follow. The closing chapters cover the credibility of research activities and requirements to be set for scientific research. The author has worked in an academic institution lecturing on research methodologies and conducting research on digital marketing.
Open sourcing digital heritage : digital surrogates, museums and knowledge management in the age of open networks
Design, user experience, and usability : theory, methods, tools and practice. First International Conference, DUXU 2011, held as part of HCI International 2011, Orlando, FL, USA, July 9-14, 2011, proceedings, part I
Digital Literacy Skills : for FE Teachers
