http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24247 transient ischemic attack
transient ischemic attack
Left atrial appendage volume in acute stroke
The purpose of the study was to explain the effects of risk factor targeted lifestyle counselling intervention on quality of lifestyle counselling and on adherence to lifestyle change in stroke patients. Content and characteristics of stroke patient counselling was described (I) with narrative literature review (n=33). Lifestyle habits of hospital-admitted stroke patients were described and explained (II) with cross-sectional design (n=150). Quasi-experimental, nonequivalent control group pretest-posttest design explained (III) the effects of lifestyle counselling intervention on working-age stroke patients' adherence to lifestyle change (n=75/group). Cross-sectional, explorative between-groups prospective design explained (IV) associations between the quality of counselling and adherence to lifestyle change during the 12-month follow-up (n=98).The literature data was gathered from the databases and analysed with content analysis (I). The empirical data was collected with Lifestyle (II), Adherence to Lifestyle Change (III, IV) and Counselling Quality (IV) instruments. Descriptive statistics, factor analysis, cross-tabulation of variables, logistic regression, and ANCOVA were used for data analysis.Counselling was described with seven themes: information about the disease and concerns regarding stroke, aims of counselling, counselling methods, interaction as a method for counselling, stroke nurse as a counsellor, emotional support and decision making in patient care (I). Patients were overweight or obese (75%) and 86.7% had high waist circumference levels. They generally had rather unhealthy eating habits, were physically inactive and quite highly stressed, and 33.5% drank to excess every month or every week, and 32.9% were current smokers (II). After intervention the experimental group lost their weight at 3 and 6 months, reduced cigarette consumption at 3 months, and increased smoking cessation at 6 months. The experimental group received more support from nurses, family and friends (III). Lifestyle counselling quality was estimated rather good, with the exception of patient-centred counselling, and significantly better by the experimental group. Interactiveness, resources, and advantages of counselling were related to adherence variables (IV). Intervention had effects on lifestyle counselling quality and on adherence to lifestyle change in the short term.
Effects of risk factor targeted lifestyle counselling intervention on quality of lifestyle counselling and on adherence to lifestyle change in stroke patients
