http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p242 red blood cells
red blood cells erythrocytes
Cardiorespiratory function is prominently affected by oxidative stress. Cigarette smoking is the archetype of oxidative and nitrative stress and free radical formation. New adverse effects of smoking keep on propping up in research. The chapters provide the comprehensive view of new developments in this area regarding cardiovascular and lung function and muscle catabolism. Alterations in inflammatory cytokines and proteins as well as degradation of muscle proteins due to smoking, by far unrecognized, caused by oxidative stress also are presented. Much less is known about the effect of cognitive stress on vagally-mediated cardiorespiratory function and surprisingly, on vagal immune pathway. The experimental studies also show that clinically important meconium aspiration syndrome contains an oxidative trait which is amenable to antioxidative treatment. This volume creates a source of information on the damaging role of oxidative stress in cardiorespiratory function that has by far not been available.
Erythrocytosis-promoting activity in stagnant blood and in blood subjected to low atmospheric pressure in vitro
Evaluation of iron status using methods based on the features of red blood cells and reticulocytes
Technical efficiency of blood component preparation in blood centres of 10 European countries
Hematology : clinical principles and applications
Lactate transport in red blood cells by monocarboxylate transporters
Microscopic investigations into the capillaries of newborn, especially premature infants, : taking into account the sensitivity of capillaries to adrenalin and their intravascular red cell aggregation
Coronary artery disease (CAD) is the leading cause of death in developed countries. In patients with complex CAD, coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) remains the preferred treatment as it can provide long-lasting results. However, CABG carries a significant risk of excessive perioperative bleeding and other complications, which may deteriorate the prognosis. Transfusion of blood products is generally used to compensate blood loss. However, both bleeding and blood transfusions have been shown to be associated with an adverse outcome.This cohort study aimed to clarify the impact of perioperative bleeding and the use of different blood products in the development of perioperative complications in 2,764 patients undergoing isolated CABG. The universal definition of perioperative bleeding classification (UDPB) was employed to stratify the severity of bleeding. Additionally, the impact of storage time of transfused red blood cells (RBCs) on the outcome was investigated.Increased UDPB classes, particularly classes 3 and 4, were associated with significantly poorer immediate and late outcome. RBC transfusion in patients who underwent elective off-pump CABG was independently associated with increased troponin I release indicating myocardial injury. Prolonged storage duration of transfused RBCs did not affect immediate and late outcome of patients with moderate bleeding. The most remarkable risk factors for stroke after off-pump CABG were any degree of atherosclerosis of the ascending aorta as well as transfusion of platelets and/or solvent/detergent-treated plasma.The UDPB classification appears to be a promising research tool to stratify the severity of perioperative bleeding and to assess its prognostic impact after coronary surgery. Prevention of major bleeding that leads to blood transfusion may protect from myocardial injury and stroke and possibly result in better ea rly and late outcomes. Patients with a diseased ascending aorta could be considered at high risk of stroke because of their risk of generalized atherosclerosis. In case of mildly diseased aorta, the “no-touch” aorta policy should be considered with the intention of preventing postoperative stroke.
Biochemical Roles of Eukaryotic Cell Surface Macromolecules
Regulatory volume decrease in lamprey erythrocytes: mechanisms of K+ and Cl- loss
The effects of mitochondrial DNA mutagenesis on somatic stem cells and ageing
Substrate transport and utilization in fish erythrocytes
Summary.
Epidemiology of blood component use in Finland
Red cell glutathione reductase deficiency among Skolt Lapps
Isoelectric focusing of a transmembrane protein, the glucose transporter Glut1, and studies of detergent-Glut1 compexes
Comparison of osmotic stability of red blood cells between the reindeer and some other ruminants
Vertebrate red blood cells : adaptations of function to respiratory requirements
Biochemical changes in inborn and acquired errors of metabolism
Red blood cell aggregation
Multidrug resistance protein 1 (ABCC1/MRP1) mediated transport and its inhibition in human erythrocyte membrane
Red cell phosphoglucomutase polymorphism in Finland-Swedes, Finns, Finnish Lapps, Maris (Cheremisses) and Greenland Eskimos, and segregation studies of PGMö1 types in Lapp families
Activation and physiological role of Na+/H+ exchange in lamprey (Lampetra fluviatilis) erythrocytes
The electrophoretic mobility of red cells and platelets and the plasma viscosity in coronary heart disease
Circulating fatty acids : associations with diet, genetic variations, low-grade inflammation and type 2 diabetes
Interaction of the Kell blood group protein with the erythroid cytoskeleton
Aray, nasugatan ako! = (Ouch, I cut my finger!)
Chromatographic characterization of the human red cell glucose transporter Glut1 in the cells, in membrane vesicles and in proteoliposomes
Lactate-transport activity in RBCs of trained and untrained individuals from four racing species
Two levels of MCT1 and CD147 expression in the equine red blood cells and muscle
Hemoglobin function in vertebrates : molecular adaptation in extreme and temperate environments
Studies on hemodynamics and coagulation in neuroanesthesia
Chromosome aberrations detected by the flow cytometer based micronucleus assay : studies of rodent erythrocytes after exposure to very low doses of ionizing radiation or to chemicals
Perioperative bleeding and use of blood products in coronary artery bypass grafting
Regulation of leukocyte integrin binding to Ig-family ligands
The effects of thermal and seasonal acclimation on the function of teleost erythrocyte
Age-related changes and inheritance of lactate transport activity in red blood cells
Monocarboxylate transporters and lactate metabolism in equine athletes : a review
Glucose transport in carp erythrocytes: Individual variation and effects of osmotic swelling, extracellular pH and catecholamines
The red blood picture in healthy infants
Growth and growth hormone treatment in children : relation to erythropoiesis, iron status, and collagen turnover
Some effects of phenothiazines and related compounds on blood platelets and red blood cells of rabbit
Life span, potassium fluxes and membrane ATPases of erythrocytes from subjects exposed to inorganic lead
Hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl 4-hydroxylase-2 in Tibetan high-altitude adaptation, extramedullary erythropoiesis and skeletal muscle ischemia
Anemias and other red cell disorders
The influence of electric shock and adrenalin injections on the leukopoiesis and the erythropoiesis : a contribution to the problem of a neurovegetative regulation of the hematopoiesis
Characterization of blood group ABH-active glycoproteins of human erythroid cells
Essentials in hematology and clinical pathology
Storage of equine red blood cells as a concentrate
Naturally occurring antibodies (NAbs)
Dacie and Lewis practical haematology
Adequate oxygen supply is necessary for aerobic cell survival. Cellular oxygen deprivation, also known as hypoxia, leads to various responses that aim to increase cellular oxygen delivery and reduce oxygen consumption. Oxygen homeostasis is mainly regulated by the hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF), which regulates the expression of over 300 genes in response to hypoxia. The stability of HIF is regulated by the HIF prolyl 4-hydroxylases (HIF-P4Hs), enzymes that catalyze the hydroxylation of proline residues in HIFα subunits and target them towards proteasomal degradation. HIF-P4Hs require oxygen as a cosubstrate for the reaction, allowing for hypoxic HIF stabilization and target gene induction at low oxygen concentrations.In this study we investigated the role of HIF-P4H-2 in the regulation of red blood cell production, erythropoiesis. We showed that Tibetans living at high altitude have genetically adapted to their hypoxic environment via mutations in the gene encoding for HIF-P4H-2. The Tibetan HIF-P4H-2 D4E,C127S variant showed enhanced hydroxylation of HIFα at low oxygen concentrations, resulting in reduced HIFα protein stabilization under hypoxia.In other studies we used a genetically modified HIF-P4H-2 hypomorphic mouse line which expresses a reduced amount of wild-type Hif-p4h-2 mRNA in tissues. We showed that these mice develop mild age-dependent erythrocytosis due to splenic extramedullary erythropoiesis, which is independent of serum erythropoietin concentration. In addition, these mice were protected against inflammation-induced anemia, a condition commonly seen in patients with inflammatory diseases. The HIF-P4H-2 hypomorphic mice also had altered basal metabolism in their skeletal muscles, which, together with an increase in mean capillary area, reduced their infarct size after skeletal muscle ischemia-reperfusion injury.These studies suggest that pharmacological HIF-P4H-2 inhibition may provide a novel treatment for EPO-resistant anemias and peripheral artery disease.
Oxidative stress and cardiorespiratory function
Two levels of MCT1 and CD147 expression in the equine red blood cells and muscles
Non-cholesterol sterols in serum, lipoproteins, and red cells : effects of dietary phytosterols in familial hypercholesterolemia
Expression of lactate transporters MCT1, MCT2, MCT4 and the ancillary protein CD147 in horse muscle and red blood cells
Chromatographic analyses of solute interactions with the glucose transporter Glut1, liposomes and SDS micelles
Identification of biomarkers for type 2 diabetes
Glutathione reductase of human erythrocytes : Purification and properties
Do fish acclimated to low temperature improve microcirculatory perfusion by adapting red cell rheology?
Osmotic haemolysis of human erythrocytes : the effects of lysophosphatidylcholine, swelling rate and temperature
Replacement of surgical blood loss with colloids and plasma-poor red cells : with special reference to plasma colloid osmotic pressure and hemostatic factors
Manual of clinical hematology
Red blood cells in humans-and most other mammals-have a tendency to form aggregates with a characteristic face-to-face morphology, similar to a stack of coins. Known as rouleaux, these aggregates are a normally occurring phenomenon and have a major impact on blood rheology. What is the underlying mechanism that produces this pattern? Does this really happen in blood circulation? And do these rouleaux formations have a useful function? The first book to offer a comprehensive review of the subject, Red Blood Cell Aggregation tackles these and other questions related to red blood cell (RBC) aggregates. The book covers basic, clinical, and physiological aspects of this important biophysical phenomenon and integrates these areas with concepts in bioengineering. It brings together state-of-the-art research on the determinants, mechanisms, and measurement and effects of RBC aggregation as well as on variations and comparative aspects. After an introductory overview, the book outlines factors and conditions that affect RBC aggregation. It presents the two hypotheses-the bridging model and the depletion model-that provide potential mechanisms for the adhesive forces that lead to the regular packing of the cells in rouleaux formations. The book also reviews the methods used to quantify RBC aggregation in vitro, focusing on their importance in clinical practice. Chapters discuss the effect of RBC aggregation on the in vitro rheology of blood as well as on tube flow. The book also looks at what happens in the circulation when red blood cells aggregate and examines variations due to physiological and pathophysiological challenges. The concluding chapter explores the formation of red blood cell aggregates in other mammals.
Exposure of neutral glycolipids on the surface of red cells
Shape changes and vesiculation induced by water-soluble amphiphiles in human erythrocytes
