http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24299 systems thinking
systems thinking
Feedback systems : an introduction for scientists and engineers
The ecosystem approach : complexity, uncertainty, and managing for sustainability
Management science : decision making through systems thinking
Systems engineering and analysis
Challenges to the development of energy performance measurement : a systems thinking approach
Tracing connections : voices of systems thinkers
Introduction to systems ecology
Discovering the core logic and purpose of enterprise architecture as a holistic approach to business execution
Engineering systems : meeting human needs in a complex technological world
Essays on systems intelligence
Land warfare 2025 : a challenge to army doctrine in organizational perspective
The thesis was carried out for a commission company Humap Ltd., which is a consulting company with thirteen years of experience in the field. Humap Ltd. uses systemic constructionism as its framework in leadership trainings.     The objective of the study was to research Humap Ltd.'s theoretical framework, systemic constructionism, and see the what the frameworks approach is to leadership. I wanted to find out if systemic constructionism as an approach is compatible to the hopes and wishes of Human Resource Managers and Development Managers in organizations that are customers of Humap Ltd. The thesis is an important reality background regarding Humap Ltd. if their thoughts about the future needs are valuable to their business and I was able to formulate recommendations for them based on the results.     The method applied in the empirical part of the research was qualitative. Three Human Resources Managers and one Development Manager were interviewed face to face; one Development Director was interviewed via telephone. The process of the compilation was originated in the beginning of January 2012 and finalized by the beginning of May 2012. All of the interviews conducted took part between February 7th and March 5th.     As the findings indicated that in fact systemic constructionism is a compatible framework to have in leadership trainings. There were several wishes that rose in the interview that go hand in hand with the systemic constructionist approach. Shortly it may be said that Human Resource Managers and Development Managers hope for whole system thinking, well-being at work, early support and giving competencies for a leader to act as a coach to the employee to be emphasized in future leadership trainings.
Growing wings on the way : systems thinking for messy situations
Interactions with search systems
An introduction to general systems thinking : Gerald M. Weinberg
Research in systems analysis and design : models and methods
The therapeutic relationship in systemic therapy
The Thinking executive's guide to sustainability
Beef Finland 2012 : a brief
Systems thinking made simple : new hope for solving wicked problems
Understanding patient safety
"This book uses Niklas Luhmann's systems theory to explore how the legal system operates as one of modern society's subsystems. The authors demonstrate how this theory alters our understanding of some of the most important and controversial issues within law: the nature of judicial communication and legal argument; the claim that it can be right to disobey law; the character of legal pluralism and globalisation; time and its construction within law; the significance of the rule of law and human rights and the role of appeals to, and within, law."--
Zones of control : perspectives on wargaming
Systems analysis for sustainable engineering : theory and applications
Rescuing the enlightenment from itself : critical and systemic implications for democracy
Abstract.
Systems thinking, system dynamics : managing change and complexity
"Donors, leaders of nonprofits, and public policy makers usually have the best of intentions to serve society and improve social conditions. But often their solutions fall far short of what they want to accomplish and what is truly needed. Moreover, the answers they propose and fund often produce the opposite of what they want over time. We end up with temporary shelters that increase homelessness, drug busts that increase drug-related crime, or food aid that increases starvation. How do these unintended consequences come about and how can we avoid them? By applying conventional thinking to complex social problems, we often perpetuate the very problems we try so hard to solve, but it is possible to think differently, and get different results. Systems Thinking for Social Change enables readers to contribute more effectively to society by helping them understand what systems thinking is and why it is so important in their work. It also gives concrete guidance on how to incorporate systems thinking in problem solving, decision making, and strategic planning without becoming a technical expert. Systems thinking leader David Stroh walks readers through techniques he has used to help people end homelessness and increase affordable housing, improve public health, strengthen public education and access to early childhood development services, protect child welfare, reform the criminal justice system, resolve identity-based conflicts, and more. The result is a highly readable, effective guide to understanding systems and using that knowledge to get the results you want"--
The systems thinking playbook : exercises to stretch and build learning and systems thinking capabilities
Enhancing the development of military capabilities by a systems approach
Engineering a safer world : systems thinking applied to safety
Thinking through systems thinking
The systems thinking school : redesigning schools from the inside-out
Dealing with complexity : an introduction to the theory and application of systems science
Religion as communication : God's talk
"Search engines are an invaluable part of our daily lives. This book describes advances in technology, data availability, and searcher expectations around next-generation search engines. It will appeal to students (undergraduate/graduate) in disciplines such as Computer Science and Information Science, as well as scholars and scientists in related areas"--
Systems thinking : managing chaos and complexity : a platform for designing business architecture
Bridging east and west : the establishment of the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA) in the United States foreign policy of bridge building, 1964-1972
Observing law through systems theory
Enterprise systems engineering : advances in the theory and practice
Intentional systems theory as a conceptual framework for religious studies : a scientific method for studying beliefs
Business dynamics : systems thinking and modeling for a complex world
Realising systems thinking : knowledge and action in management science
Systems thinking, systems practice
Awareness and participation towards encouraging sustainable urban water management : a case study of the Jakkur Lake, Bangalore
Understanding sustainable development
"This new and expanded edition builds upon the first edition's powerful multi-perspective approach and breath of coverage. A truly comprehensive introduction to sustainable development, it is designed specifically to allow access to the topic from a wide range of educational and professional backgrounds and to develop understanding of a diversity of approaches and traditions at different levels.This second edition includes:a complete update of the text, with increased coverage of major topics including ecosystems; production and consumption; business; urban sustainability; governance; new media technologies; conservation; leadership; globalization and global crises; sustainability literacy and learning;more examples from the Global South and North America, while retaining its unique coverage of first world countries;chapter aims at the start and summaries at the end of each chapter; glossary of key terms; a new chapter on Conservation with a focus on behaviour change and values;a brand new website which includes discussion of how projects are done on the ground, additional exercises and online cases, test questions and recommended readings and films.Offering boxed examples from the local to the global, Understanding Sustainable Development is the most complete guide to the subject for course leaders, undergraduates and postgraduates"--
Thinking in systems : a primer
Systemic intervention : philosophy, methodology, and practice
"This new and expanded edition builds upon the first edition's powerful multi-perspective approach and breath of coverage. A truly comprehensive introduction to sustainable development, it is designed specifically to allow access to the topic from a wide range of educational and professional backgrounds and to develop understanding of a diversity of approaches and traditions at different levels. Offering boxed examples from the local to the global, this textbook the most complete guide to the subject for course leaders, undergraduates and postgraduates"--
Thinking with data
Agent-based modelling of socio-technical systems
Spatial resilience in social-ecological systems
Principles of cyber-physical systems
A new dynamic 2 : effective systems in a circular economy​
Geodesign by Integrating Design and Geospatial Sciences
Do we listen to earthworms? : tools for evaluating the Finnish Action Plan on the sustainable use of plant protection products
Decision makers in large scale interconnected network systems require simulation models for decision support. The behaviour of these systems is determined by many actors, situated in a dynamic, multi-actor, multi-objective and multi-level environment. How can such systems be modelled and how can the socio-technical complexity be captured? Agent-based modelling is a proven approach to handle this challenge.This book provides a practical introduction to agent-based modelling of socio-technical systems, based on a methodology that has been developed at Delft University of Technology and which has been deployed in a large number of case studies. The book consists of two parts: the first presents the background, theory and methodology as well as practical guidelines and procedures for building models. In the second part this theory is applied to a number of case studies, where for each model the development steps are presented extensively, preparing the reader for creating own models.
An introduction to agricultural systems
Dynamic systems for everyone : understanding how our world works
Teaching about the future
Thinking for a change : putting the TOC thinking processes to use
Using activity domain theory for managing complex systems
The systems view of life : a unifying vision
"This book is complementary to our book A sociology of jurisprudence, although it is not necessary for readers to have read that book in order to engage with what we present here."--
System Thinking World Journal : Reflection in Action
Leadership training in the systemic constructionist approach : interview study of Humap Ltd. customers
Shifting to "big picture" design? : discursive explorations of emerging conceptions of design orientated towards social complexity
Soft systems methodology ; a 30-year retrospective
Systems thinking : creative holism for managers
Systems thinking for social change : a practical guide to solving complex problems, avoiding unintended consequences, and achieving lasting results
Seeing the forest for the trees : a managers guide to applying systems thinking
Playing urban games : the systems approach to planning
Study of agricultural systems
Complexity science and social entrepreneurship : adding social value through systems thinking
Global KATA : Success Through the Lean Business System Reference Model
Changing agriculture : an introduction to systems thinking
Business ecosystems : constructs, configurations, and the nurturing process
The global quality management system : improvement through systems thinking
