http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24244 bone
bone
Association between amount and source of dietary protein intake with bone mineral density among elderly women
Spermidine/spermine N1-acetyltransferase in mouse hematopoiesis and bone remodeling and in human leukemias
Pulse-echo ultrasound assessment of cortical bone thickness and porosity
Immunity in Bacillus Calmette-Guérin osteitis
Genetic and phenotypic variation of the moose (Alces alces)
Abstract.
Effects of power versus endurance training on bone metabolism markers, serum hormone concentrations and physical performance in young athletes
Bioactive glass in lumbar spondylodesis : a pre-clinical and clinical study
Promoting the growth and development of smallholder seed enterprises for food security crops : case studies from Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India
The retention of a complete denture and the patient’s adaptation varies considerably among different individuals. Resorption of the edentulous alveolar ridge differs greatly and some patients need implant-retained overdentures to enable adequate retention of their prostheses. In some extreme cases it is necessary to increase the volume of the alveolar ridge with bone grafts. The aim of this study was to examine the outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment conducted in Oulu University Hospital. The aim was also to assess the impact of treatment on oral health-related quality of life and patient satisfaction.The study group was comprised of patients treated with a mandibular or maxillary implant overdenture and a group of patients with extreme mandibular bone resorption treated with extraoral bone grafts and implants. The treatments were performed in 1985–2013 thus also providing long-term results.The results of this study showed predictable and successful treatment outcomes also among elderly patients and in severe situations with bone deficiency. The most frequent complication in the clinical follow-up was loosening of the retention mechanism, commonly noted in other previous studies. Despite some minor mechanical defects in prosthetic structures or mild mucosal inflammation around the implants, they did not hinder everyday use of the prostheses. Neither the number of supporting implants nor the connection type seemed to have a great impact on patient satisfaction. Older patients with a mandibular overdenture seemed to be most satisfied. In conclusion, treatment with implant overdentures seems to be successful also in the long-term.
Osteoarthritis (OA) is the commonest joint disease in the world, and it has a major socioeconomic impact. OA causes progressive degenerative changes in the composition and structure of articular cartilage and subchondral bone. Clinical diagnosis of OA is based on physical examination and qualitative evaluation of changes on plain radiographs. Current clinical imaging methods are subjective or insensitive to early OA changes. Therefore, new methods are needed so as to quantify composition of the cartilage and characteristics of the subchondral bone. The aim of this thesis was to evaluate the potential of clinically applicable X-ray-based methods for the assessment of the cartilage proteoglycan content as well as the structure and density of subchondral bone in a knee joint.Subchondral bone density and structure (local binary patterns, Laplacian, and fractal-based algorithms) analysis methods for two-dimensional (2-D) plain radiographs were validated against three-dimensional (3-D) bone microarchitecture obtained from micro-computed tomography ex vivo and applied to plain radiographs in vivo. Furthermore, a method developed for the evaluation of articular cartilage proteoglycan content from computed tomography (CT) was validated against a delayed gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging of cartilage (dGEMRIC), which is widely used as a proteoglycan sensitive method, in subjects referred for an arthroscopy of the knee joint.Subchondral bone density and structure evaluated from 2-D radiographs were significantly related to the bone volume fraction and true 3-D microarchitecture of bone, respectively. In addition, bone density- and structure-related parameters from radiographs were significantly different among subjects with different stages of OA. Cartilage proteoglycan content evaluated from CT was significantly related to dGEMRIC method. Furthermore, dGEMRIC was associated with bone structure from a 2-D radiograph.In conclusion, analysis of bone structure and density is feasible from clinically available 2-D radiographs. A novel CT method sensitive to proteoglycan content should be considered when a 3-D view of cartilage quality is needed.
Bone adaptation to impact loading—Significance of loading intensity
Transcriptional responses of chondrocytic and osteoblastic cells to physical forces of hydrostatic and osmotic pressure, mechanical stretching, and low intensity pulsed ultrasound
Finnish summary.
The effects of bisphosphonates and COX-2 inhibitors on the bone remodelling unit
Assessment of osteoporosis and fracture risk:axial transmission ultrasound and lifestyle-related risk factors
Flexible multibody simulation approach in the dynamic analysis of bone strains during physical activity
Ultrasound stimulation of bone and cartilage : interactions in common in vitro and tissue engineering configurations
Concentrations of 137Cs, 210Po and 239,240Pu in tissues of lapps
Adaptaton of bone to physical activity and diet-induced obesity
Development of porous glass-fiber reinforced composite for bone implants : evaluation of antimicrobial effect and implant fixation
Reindeer-derived bone protein extract in the healing of bone defects:evaluation of various carrier materials and delivery systems
Ancient and modern bone artefacts from America to Russia : cultural, technological and functional signature
Evidence of somatic mutations in osteoarthritis
High tibial osteotomy and unicompartmental knee arthroplasty:the treatment of isolated medial osteoarthritis of the knee:a registry-based study in Finland
Histological structure of the articular cartilage after loading and immobilization of the joint : stereological studies on the knee joint cartilage of young rabbits
Preterm birth and risk factors for chronic disease : Helsinki study of very low birth weight adults
Wood as a model material for medical biomaterials : in vivo and in vitro studies with bone and Betula pubescens Ehrh
Effects of high-impact training and detraining on femoral neck structure in premenopausal women : a Hip Structural Analysis (HSA) of an 18-month randomized controlled intervention with a 5-year follow-up
Reconstruction of cranial bone defects with fiber-reinforced composite-bioactive glass implants
3D woven scaffolds for bone tissue engineering
Persistent organic pollutants (POPs) are ubiquitous and bioaccumulative man-made chemicals, resistant to chemical, biological and photolytic degradation and widely distributed to sediments, wildlife, and human. Many of these chemicals have adverse effects on a variety of targets, including the endocrine system, organogenesis and reproduction. Due to these effects and wide distribution, many of them are either banned or strictly controlled. However, because of persistency, they continue to interact with organisms globally.Despite the existing knowledge of the adverse effects of POPs, the effects of many chemicals on bone tissue are still poorly known. In the present study, we investigated the adverse effects of three common POPs, including tributyltin (TBT), 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) and perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) on the skeletal system. In vitro models were used to study the effects of PFOA in mouse and in human, and the co-effects of TBT and TCDD on differentiating osteoblasts and osteoclasts of mice. An in vivo model for mice was used to study the developmental effects of maternal PFOA-exposure on pups among with morphometrical and biomechanical property analyses. Mass-spectrometry was used to study the presence of PFOA in bones both in mice and in human, the latter acquired from the bone bank held in the Oulu University Hospital, Finland. The bones were also analyzed with cone beam computer tomography and microcomputer tomography.The results show that PFOA exposure in utero and during lactation leads to the accumulation of PFOA in bone, traceable even 17 months after exposure. PFOA exposure decreased the mineral density of the tibias and increased the medullary area. Nearly all of the human samples contained PFAS, including PFOA. PFOA also disturbed the differentiation of osteoblasts and with lower doses, increased bone resorption of osteoclasts both in mouse and human, the phenomenon being slightly stronger in mice. Co-exposure to TBT and TCDD led to decreased differentiation of osteoblasts and osteoclast, and the co-effect was partially synergistic in osteoblasts.These results show disruption of bone development, bone cell differentiation, and PFAS accumulation in bone. Further studies are recommended to evaluate the co-effects of different POPs and the possible effects of long-term accumulation of POPs in bone and other tissues.
Migratory connectivity amongst Baltic Sea salmon
Digging for fire
The use of bone cell cultures in drug research
The function of NR3B and NR4A orphan nuclear receptors in osteoblasts
Bone growth in pubertal girls : cross-sectional and longitudinal investigation of the association of sex hormones, physical activity, body composition, and muscle strength with bone mass and geometry
Bone as a target for persistent organic pollutants
Determination of 241Am in reindeer bone
Collagen formation and degradation increase during growth hormone therapy in children
Bone marrow-derived stem cell therapy in acute myocardial infarction:an experimental porcine model
Hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl 4-hydroxylase-2 in cardiac and skeletal muscle ischemia and metabolism
In quest of genetic susceptibility to disorders manifesting in fractures : assessing the significance of genetic factors in femoral neck stress fractures and childhood non-OI primary osteoporosis
Quality of life and its determinants among allogeneic haematopoietic stem cell transplantation patients and the Finnish population
Analysis of regulated genes of BMP4 signaling in breast cancer cell lines
Carving shells and cameos : and other marine products: tortoiseshell, coral, amber, jet
Reduced volumetric bone mineral density and geometric properties of tibia in hip fracture patients
Distal chevron osteotomy for hallux valgus surgery:role of fixation and postoperative regimens in the long-term outcomes of distal chevron osteotomy – a randomised, controlled, two-by-two factorial trial of 100 patients
Species-specific effects of dioxin exposure on xenobiotic metabolism and hard tissue in voles
Comment on bone combustion experiments : roll the bones?
Periprosthetic femoral bone loss and bone turnover after primary total hip arthroplasty
Reconstructing physical activity from human skeletal remains : potentials and restrictions in the use of musculoskeletal stress markers
Measurement of bone exercise:osteogenic features of loading
Gene product targeting into and membrane trafficking from the endoplasmic/sarcoplasmic reticulum in skeletal myofibers
Ivory and related materials : an illustrated guide
Dual-energy digital radiography in the assessment of bone characteristics
Genetic and environmental influence on structural strength of weight-bearing and non-weight-bearing bone: a twin study
Heterotopic ossification in skin:special focus on multiple miliary osteoma cutis and the role of bone morphogenetic proteins
Health in Southern Finland : bioarchaeological analysis of 555 skeletons excavated from nine cemeteries (11th-19th century AD)
Relation of physical activity and sex steroid hormones to total body bone area and mass in premenarcheal girls
Fused diatom based osteoconductive scaffold for bone grafting applications and cell growth platforms
Animals in an Urban Context. A Zooarchaeological study of the Medieval and Post-Medieval town of Turku
Muscle cross-sectional area and structural bone strength share genetic and environmental effects in older women
Healing of cranial critical sized defects with grafts, stem cells, growth factors and bio-materials
Fat accumulation in liver and muscle:association with adipokines and risk of cardiovascular events
Bone is a highly vascularized tissue which enables a close interaction between blood vessels and osteoid complexes, including osteoblasts and osteoclasts. Iatrogenic bone loss, caused by a surgical intervention or trauma, disrupts circulation in the bone and leads to hypoxia and even necrosis of the adjacent bone. The mechanisms of the bone tissue healing process by regeneration are highly specific.The most common and predictable way to manage a large-sized skull bone defect has traditionally been using the patient's own bone tissue graft. The problem with the method is damage and pain of the donor site caused by the operation and healing problems. In paediatric patients, there is a limited availability of adequate autologous bone grafts. For this reason, efforts have been made to develop substitute materials in order to avoid the need for large bone grafts. Autologous stem cells have proven to be promising targets for the development of bone substitutes for cranio-maxillofacial bone defects.The main objective of this study was to examine, by using an experimental animal model, differences in the healing of critical-sized calvarial bone defects, similar to cranioplasty, induced with different types of autogenous bone grafts and with adipose tissue- or bone marrow-derived stem cells grown in two commonly used biomaterials, tricalcium phosphate and bioglass. We also investigated the effect of tissue adhesive, fibrin glue, on the healing process of bone defects. The effect of the stimulating growth factor proteins BMP-2, BMP-7 and VEGF on tissue transplants and ossification was also studied. The results of this study support the previously reported findings of accelerated bone graft resorption associated with autologous bone graft use. In particular, the use of fibrin tissue glue in combination with autologous particulated bone grafts reduced the formation of new bone incalvarial lesions.During the initial healing of calvarial bone defects, tricalcium phosphate granules proved to be more effective than solid bioactive glass scaffolds. Furthermore, in combination with adipose-derived stem cells, tricalcium phosphate showed better bone regeneration than the same cells in combination with a bioactive glass scaffold. Combining bone marrow-derived stem cells with biomaterial did not increase bone formation in calvarial critical-sized defects. In this study, there was no evidence of the positive effect of growth factors on cranial bone healing.
Promoting mobility after hip fracture (ProMo) : study protocol and selected baseline results of a year-long randomized controlled trial among community-dwelling older people
Adaptation of bone to physical activity and diet-induced obesity
Oral health among Finns aged 60 years and older:edentulousness, fixed prostheses, dental infections detected from radiographs and their associating factors
Determinants of bone strength and predictors of hip fracture among Finnish adults : results from the Health 2000 Survey and the Mini-Finland Health Survey
Associations between life satisfaction, depression, antidepressant use, and bone
Effects of silica based biomaterials on bone marrow derived cells : material aspects of bone regeneration
Outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment
Doll bones
Highly porous freeze-dried composite scaffolds for cartilage and osteochondral tissue engineering
Hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl 4-hydroxylase-2 in Tibetan high-altitude adaptation, extramedullary erythropoiesis and skeletal muscle ischemia
Calibration of the bone mineral density scale on X-ray microtomography
Development of 3D super-resolution tomographic STED microscopy and its application to studies on bone resorption
Relationship between lower limb neuromuscular performance and bone strength in postmenopausal women with mild knee osteoarthritis
Contemporary scrimshaw
Effects of hyperbaric oxygen on healing of bone, bone grafts and bone graft substitutes in calvarial defects
Anti-tumoral immune response and bisphosphonates
Multiple sclerosis in Northern Finland:epidemiological characteristics and comorbidities
Spatial and temporal variation is a universal feature in most organisms in nature, commonly reflecting the past evolutionary history of the species as well as the prevailing environmental conditions. The purpose of this doctoral thesis study was to investigate the genetic and phenotypic variation, and to assess the roles of the different processes affecting them in the moose (Alces alces). Altogether 809 DNA samples of moose, gathered throughout Finland and the Republic of Karelia in Russia, were analysed with a variety of population genetic methods. Furthermore, the shape of the moose mandible was investigated with the help of geometric morphometrics using a subset of samples gathered from 179 moose in Finland. This study showed that the Finnish and especially the Karelian moose population harboured relatively high genetic diversity, albeit with clear regional differences in its spatial distribution. In the northern half of Finland, a secondary contact of two diverged mitochondrial lineages was revealed. The presence of the two lineages was interpreted to reflect the existence of allopatric refugia of moose during the Last Glacial Maximum and the subsequent bi-directional recolonisation of Fennoscandia. Furthermore, a spatially explicit Bayesian clustering analysis suggested existence of three genetic clusters, which were estimated to have split after the post-glacial recolonisation. The results also showed that past declines in the moose numbers during the 18th and 19th centuries led to population bottlenecks, leaving a genetic imprint. Thus, the present moose population in eastern Fennoscandia carries the signs of both ancient and more recent events in its genetic composition. Finally, a significant latitudinal shift was revealed in the shape of the moose mandible. The pattern was considered independent of the genetic clustering of the population. The main changes included an enlargement of the attachment surfaces of the muscles controlling biting and mastication, implying more effective mastication in the north compared with the south, possibly an adaptive response to a longer period of hard wintertime diet. The results of this thesis encourage continuation of studies on the moose in order to fully reveal the impact of particular historical events and especially anthropogenic factors on the genetic and phenotypic variation of this species. They also provide the starting point for ‘genetically enlightened’ moose management and conservation in Finland.
Biomechanical assessment of hip fracture : development of finite element models to predict fractures
Computed tomography and ultrasound methods for simultaneous evaluation of articular cartilage and subchondral bone
Biomechanical modeling of proximal femur:development of finite element models to simulate fractures
Use of bioactive glasses as porous implant surface inlays, a laser-deposited coating and peri-implant bone graft extender
Novel magnetic resonance imaging techniques for articular cartilage and subchondral bone:studies on MRI Relaxometry and short echo time imaging
Reindeer-derived bone protein extract in the healing of bone defects : evaluation of various carrier materials and delivery systems
"This paper reviews case studies on smallholder seed enterprises in Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India, as well as relevant world literature in order to identify key issues that facilitate or constrain the development of the seed factor. The final section provides some guidelines on policy design and implementation to promote the development of sustainable seed enterprises at different stages in the evolution of national seed factors. It provides examples of good practices and hence seeks to assist governments in identifying ways in which they can support the development of smallholder seed enterprises that will provide the most appropriate varieties to smallholder farmers in their efforts to boost food production."--Provided by publisher
Bioartificial organs II : technology, medicine, and materials
No DNA copy number changes in osteochondromas : a comparative genomic hybridization study
Infrared microspectroscopic cluster analysis of bone and cartilage
Novel carbon coatings and surface texturing for improving biological response of orthopedic implant materials
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a well-established imaging modality for disorders of the musculoskeletal system. The distinguishing advantages of MRI are absence of ionizing radiation, excellent tissue contrast and the ability to use any arbitrary imaging plane. MRI can also be used as a guidance method for various percutaneous procedures.The purpose of this study was to evaluate the feasibility of MRI guidance for musculoskeletal biopsies and therapeutic bone drillings. A 0.23 tesla open configuration MRI scanner with an interventional optical guidance system was used.172 percutaneous biopsies performed using MRI guidance were reviewed to define the safety and accuracy of the guidance method. The value of fine needle aspiration biopsy (FNAB) as a supplementary diagnostic procedure for core biopsy was also evaluated. The overall diagnostic accuracy of MRI-guided biopsy was 0.95, sensitivity 0.91, and speciﬁcity 0.98. The diagnostic accuracy of histological biopsy alone was 0.93, sensitivity 0.89, and speciﬁcity 0.98, and accuracy for FNAB alone was 0.85, sensitivity 0.80, and speciﬁcity 0.90. MRI guidance was deemed feasible and accurate and fine needle biopsy a useful supplement.The feasibility and safety of MRI-guided retrograde drilling of osteochondritis dissecans of the knee were evaluated by analysing ten procedures. All the lesions were successfully located and reached without complications. All patients experienced pain alleviation and follow-up MRI showed ossification in all.The feasibility and safety of MRI-guided retrograde drilling of osteochondritis dissecans of the talus were assessed by evaluating four procedures. Technical success was achieved in all cases and no complications were reported. All patients experienced some clinical benefit, although the changes in the pathological imaging findings were subtle.The feasibility and safety of MRI-guide d core decompression for avascular necrosis of the femoral head were assessed by analysing twelve such procedures. The patients quantified their symptoms before and after the procedure. All procedures were successful without complications. All patients with low-stage disease benefited from the procedure. MRI guidance seems accurate, safe and technically feasible for the therapeutic bone drillings studied.
Human bone marrow stem cells : a novel aspect to bone remodelling and mesenchymal diseases
The archaeology of wings : birds and people in the Baltic Sea region during the Stone Age
Estimating Lower Limb Skeletal Loading
Zach, Alice, and Poppy, friends from a Pennsylvania middle school who have long enjoyed acting out imaginary adventures with dolls and action figures, embark on a real-life quest to Ohio to bury a doll made from the ashes of a dead girl / Library off Congress.
Bioresorbable plain and ciprofloxacin-releasing self-reinforced PLGA 80/20 implants' suitability for craniofacial surgery : histological and mechanical assessment
Characterization of osteogenic differentiation mechanisms of human adipose stem cells in response to BMP-2 and bioactive glasses
Long-term results and treatment injuries in pediatric tibial and femoral fractures
Vesicular trafficking in osteoclasts
Novel X-ray-based methods for diagnostics of osteoarthritis
Experimental studies on non-metallic composite bone implants : with a special reference to Staphylococcal biofilm infections
Repair of segmental bone defects with fiber-reinforced composite : a study of material development and an animal model on rabbits
Magnetic resonance imaging-guided percutaneous musculoskeletal biopsies and therapeutic bone drillings
Bone toxicity of persistent organic pollutants
Genetics of fractures : investigating the genetic susceptibility to rare and common manifestations
Obesity and bone mineral measurements in postmenopausal women
The effects of electroactive polypyrrole on the osteogenic differentiation of adipose stem cells and bone regeneration
Non-invasive semi-quantitative and quantitative ultrasound imaging for diagnostics of knee osteoarthritis
MicroRNAs as novel regulators of skeletal homeostasis
Novel pulse-echo ultrasound methods for diagnostics of osteoporosis
Heterotopic ossification in skin : special focus on multiple miliary osteoma cutis and the role of bone morphogenetic proteins
Pictures of ivory and other animal teeth bone and antler : with a brief commentary on their use in identification / by T.K. Penniman ; edited by T.K. Penniman and B.M. Blackwood
Identification guide for ivory and ivory substitutes
Morphological analysis of human cortical bone using high-resolution X-ray microtomography
Functional imaging of proximal femur by combining dual energy X-ray imaging and finite element simulations
The effects of calcium and phosphate intake on calcium and bone metabolism
Osteonecrosis in children, adolescents and young adults treated for cancer
In quest of genetic susceptibility to disorders manifesting in fractures:assessing the significance of genetic factors in femoral neck stress fractures and childhood non-OI primary osteoporosis
Genetic and phenotypic variation of the moose <i>(Alces alces)</i>
Regulation of bisphosphonate bone binding
Markers of bone turnover in preclinical development of drugs for skeletal diseases
For Exploitation by the Paleoeskimo at The Tayara Site, Nunavik
Acid-base balance and oxidative metabolism in calcified tissues
Assessment of bone quality in pediatric and adult patients with osteoporosis
Osteobiography of Vicar Rungius : analyses of the bones and tissues of the mummy of an early 17th-century Northern Finnish clergyman using radiology and stable isotopes
Contour tree connectivity and analysis of microstructures
Hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl 4-hydroxylases regulating erythropoiesis, and hypoxia-inducible lysyl oxidase regulating skeletal muscle development during embryogenesis
Historia
Forearm shaft fractures in children
Studies on bone marrow-derived stem cells in patients with acute myocardial infarction
Insights into skeletal muscles of nestin deficient mice
Normal variation of the tibiotalar joint in dynamic computed tomography
