http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24298 winter roads
winter roads
Resistance of Scandinavian winter cereal varieties to low temperature parasitic fungi
Books for children and young people : Keinulauta
1998 10th PIARC International Winter Road Congress, 16-19 March in Luleå, Sweden : technical report. Volume 1, Topic 1A: Winter road maintenance policies: strategy. - Topic 1B: Winter road maintenance policies: organization
Root rot of red clover in Finland
Storage and transportation of 32% calcium chlorade
Control of low-temperature parasitic fungi in winter cereals by fungicidal treatment of stands
Winter road maintenance methods in Finland
Arctic civil engineering : road and foundation engineering in North-Russia and in northern Finland : seminar collection, Oulu 16th-17th January 1995
Reasons for retranslating Nineteen eighty-four : an analysis of the two Finnish translations of George Orwell's classic
Road dust from pavement wear and traction sanding
Transport and environment. Part 1, Road traffic
Road construction in a cold climate
Masters of arts 2006 : näyttely = exhibition [10.-28.5.2006] / [tuottaja Tuuli Sotamaa ; kuraattori Tomas Ivan Träskman]
Presentation of 29 Finnish illustrators
Otto Lindberg : Finno-American road map publisher
Ten Finnish illustrators present themselves in Copenehagen : joint Nordix exhibition at city hall
Finnish Music Quarterly 2002:1
Playing with pictures about children's joys and sorrows
Thomas and the winter rescue
ARTTU progress report 1
Narrative as virtual reality : immersion and interactivity in literature and electronic media
1998 10th PIARC International Winter Road Congress, 16-19 March in Luleå, Sweden : technical report. Volume 2, Topic 2: Ice and snow control methods
The complete book of the flower fairies
Children's and youth books which received recognition 2010 - 2011
Road traffic in winter : summary of publications in the research programme
Arctic civil engineering : a research field at the university of Oulu
Finnish children's and youth books. 10
Rautatiet sotavuosina TK-miesten kuvaamana  = = Finnish railways in wartime : in the lens of army photographers
A Finnish family at war
People of all ages deserve illustrations
Finnish children's and youth books. X
Snow and ice control manual for transportation facilities
1998 10th PIARC International Winter Road Congress, 16-19 March in Luleå, Sweden : technical report. Volume 3, Topic 3: Special winter road problems in urban areas. - Topic 4: Maintenance information and other support systems for winter road management. - Topic 5: Interaction between people, road and vehicles
Typhula betae Rostr. on winter turnip rape
The effect of snow cover on temperature conditions in the soil and overwintering of field crops
Preliminary tests on winter cereal varieties of resistance to low temperature parasitic fungi in controlled conditions
Rautatiet sotavuosina TK-miesten kuvaamana : in the lens of army photographers = Finnish railways in wartime
