http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24256 social novels
social novels
God bless you, Mr Rosewater
The bonfire of the vanities
East of Eden
The quiet american
Crime and punishment
In dubious battle
Billy Phelanin suurin peli
Tragic story of Lily Bart, a beautiful young lady caught up in the glittering but shallow and corrupt world of New York society at the turn of the 20th century.
I heard the owl call my name
Social realism in Tom Wolfe's The bonfire of the vanities
Last man in tower
Property
The kite runner
The panopticon
The master and Margarita
Dead souls : an epic poem
Breakfast of champions, or, Goodbye blue Monday
THE MILL ON THE FLOSS
The human stain
" Set in the future - a world where the past is a dangerous country, not to be talked about or visited - J is a love story of incomparable strangeness, both tender and terrifying. Two people fall in love, not yet knowing where they have come from or where they are going. Kevern doesn't know why his father always drew two fingers across his lips when he said a word starting with a J. It wasn't then, and isn't now, the time or place to be asking questions. Ailinn too has grown up in the dark about who she was or where she came from. On their first date Kevern kisses the bruises under her eyes. He doesn't ask who hurt her. Brutality has grown commonplace. They aren't sure if they have fallen in love of their own accord, or whether they've been pushed into each other's arms. But who would have pushed them, and why? Hanging over the lives of all the characters in this novel is a momentous catastrophe – a past event shrouded in suspicion, denial and apology, now referred to as What Happened, If It Happened. J is a novel to be talked about in the same breath as Nineteen Eighty-Four and Brave New World, thought-provoking and life-changing. It is like no other novel that Howard Jacobson has written. " -- (Jonathan Cape)
North and south
Notes from a small island
The sea of innocence
The good doctor
Point counter point
Good people
Vanity fair : A novel without a hero
THE GRAPES OF WRATH
Go set a watchman : a novel
Soul Mountain
The plot against America
Leviathan
The pearl
To have and have not
Go set a watchman
One hundred years of solitude
Soul mountain
Another country
The lowland : a novel
The Buddha of suburbia
Judge Savage : [a novel]
The grapes of wrath
The house of mirth
The Neapolitan novels. Book 1, My brilliant friend
Nineteen Eighty-Four
Nineteen eighty-four
When the doves disappeared : a novel
The other hand
All involved : a novel
A PASSAGE TO INDIA
The Rotters' club
Exit ghost
A long way down
Elements of style : a novel
This human season
1984 : radio plays
Brothers
America America
Authoritarian fictions : the ideological novel as a literary genre
We need new names
The night watch
The northern clemency
The quiet American
The railroad, or, A tale of an old man and an old woman who had never seen it before
Nelson's dream
My brilliant friend
Black boy
Three sisters
The winter of our discontent
The dispossessed : a novel
The Pearl
TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD
The beggar & the hare : a novel
Dreamer
The Haj
Atrocity and amnesia : the political novel since 1945
The dark road : a novel
The business
The bluest eye
Seven brothers
To a God unknown
The Stalin epigram : a novel
The lowland
A Passage to India
The corrections
The hilltop
The valley of amazement
The Panopticon
Trainspotting
A dry white season
Americanah
Until I find you
The maiden walks upon the water
Literary tourism : the case of Norman Mailer : Mailer's life and legacy
