http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24214 production chains
production chains
Production planning development at KM Pakkaus
Impact of quality, procurement and quality in grocery industry
State of the world 2011 : innovations that nourish the planet : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
Business driven purchasing and supply management (PSM) as a sustainable competitive advantage of a company : (case: Company Oyj)
Sustainability in supply chains : a study of the effects of sustainability on supplier-buyer relationships
Managing product life cycle data using automatic identification
Tiivistelmä: Impact of quality, procurement and quality in grocery industry.
e-Manufacturing : towards global engineering
Integrated suppliers : ECR is also for suppliers of ingredients, raw materials and packaging
Agri-food commodity chains and globalising networks
Proceedings of the ERIAFF conference : 'sustainable food systems : multi-actor co-operation to foster new competitiveness of Europe'
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Integrating Consumers and Economic Systems : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
The aim of the study was to define and describe the problems in Nokia̕s current material managing. Also the focus of the study was to give new ideas and development areas to manage increasing demand to produce small-batch, tailor- made products in the mass production. The study was divided into theoretical and analytical part. The theoretical part concerns general logistics concepts and definitions, which serve as a basis to the actual study. The analytical part concerns processes of the company and the current state of the material management in more detail. In the study the present processes and operations models are described and are defined the targets, which should be reached in efficient material flow management. The study concerns the total lead-time of materials and factors, which form the total lead-time in the production. Finally, developing areas and ideas, which could be used to further develop for material management in the future, were suggested.
Waste to wealth : the circular economy advantage
From a mine to you : sustainability of the Finnish mining sector in the context of global supply chains of metals
Learning challenges in biogas production for sustainability : an activity theoretical study of a network from a swine industry chain
Removing bottleneck from a manufacturing unit : A case studies to BET-KER Oy, Ylivieska-84100, Finland
What can the Finnish food chain be proud of? Views on value added factors in the Finnish food chain.
Europe, medieval times : players take the roles of craftsmen to produce a wide range of goods. Make use of your production chains to gain a lot of victory poinst.
People in the bioeconomy 2044 : sustainability, closed circles, and use of biomass woven into solutions
The constraints management handbook
The Finnish organic food chain : modelling towards 2020 goals with change and innovation
Reducing of non-value adding time in customer customized production / Ilkka Hänninen
Food supply chain management and logistics : from farm to fork
This publication aims to provide a source of inspiration for students, designers and companies, and all stakeholders whose interest lies in the area of sustainable fashion. The book presents approaches to fashion that embrace future-oriented value. Several chapters illustrate how effective fashion can be as transformative design or change agent experimentation. A sustainable approach can also reframe current business thinking and reveal opportunities for innovative business strategies. Sustainable Fashion proposes how we can make positive change in current practices and how to effect new mindsets, creating transformation in fashion.
Matching supply with demand : an introduction to operations management
Sustainable value chain management : a research anthology
Proceedings of the IInd Asia Pacific Symposium on Postharvest Research, Education and Extension : Yogyakarta, Indonesia, September 18-20, 2012
Green supply chains : an action manifesto
Sustainable fashion : new approaches
Turbo flow : using plan for every part (PFEP) to turbo charge your supply chain
Sustainable value chain management : delivering sustainability through the core business
Supply chain management : process, system, and practice
Quality of Linum usitatissimum L. (flax and linseed) and Cannabis sativa L. (fibre hemp) during the production chain of fibre raw material for thermal insulations
Removing bottleneck from a manufacturing unit: A case studies to BETKER OY, Ylivieska- 84100, Finland
Economic models of material-product chains for environmental policy analysis
The transport optimisation report
Operations management for dummies
For students who want to advance their understanding of company logistics and supply chains, the author examines how a number of firms in a supply chain work together to create a flow of products and services that satisfies end customers, whilst enabling all the manufacturing and service companies involved to grow profitably. Including the most recent concepts and theoretical advances to emerge from the field of logistics and supply chain management, this text informs and assists its readers with the aid of case studies and accompanying questions, diagrams, photos and an accompanying website.
Creating Efficiency through Defining and Utilizing Synergies in the Field of Logistics : Case study : Tampere Regional Transport Research
Asia Pacific Symposium on Postharvest Research, Education and Extension : Bangkok, Thailand, August 2-4, 2010
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
Unit load identification and tracking
The encyclopedia of operations management : a field manual and glossary of operations management terms and concepts
The Financial Times guide to lean : how to streamline your organisation, engage employees and create a competitive edge
Proceedings of the 3rd International Symposium on Supply Chains in the Transitional Economies : Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, July 4-8, 2010
Proceedings of the 4rd International Symposium on Supply Chains in the Transitional Economies : Cebu, The Philippines July 4-7, 2012
A practical introduction to supply chain
Lean for dummies
Manufacturing and service enterprise with risks : a stochastic management approach
Managing operations across the supply chain
Operations and supply chain management : the core
Flip-Flop : a journey through globalisation's backroads
Sustainability advanced to an omnipresent topic among academics and business leaders, while at the same time a growing share of a firms total expenditure accounts for purchased materials and services. Yet, academic research still lacks a detailed understanding of how sustainability considerations affect the relationship between buyers and suppliers in a competitive supply chain setting. With his three articles on Sustainability in Supply Chains, Thomas Leppelt contributes to extant literature across the disciplines of supply chain management and marketing by cross-functionally investigating the effects of sustainability on supplier-buyer relationships from both a supplier and a buyer perspective. Contents Sustainable supplier relationship management Marketing of sustainable supply chain management capabilities in business markets Drivers of marketing-purchasing integration at the supplier level Target Groups Researchers and students in the fields of supply chain management, marketing, and management Managers and experts who are interested in strategically managing their supply chain towards sustainability About the Author Dr. Thomas Leppelt received his doctors degree from Friedrich-Alexander-University Erlangen-Nrnberg in business administration at the Chair of Prof. Dr.-Ing. Evi Hartmann. He is working in the automotive industry. In his research he focuses on sustainability aspects in interdependent supply chain settings.
Lean distribution : applying lean manufacturing to distribution, logistics and supply chain
This book introduces the integrated management concept of "Sustainable Value Creation", which delivers sustainability inside-out from the core business. It is based on the premise that sustainability can provide a platform for growth, if it is implemented in a company's products, services and supply chains (combined also known as the 'Value Chain'). Managing the Value Chain from the outset with a sustainability mindset subsequently allows profitable economical, ecological and societal growth. It combines the need for increased sustainability and its implementation in the operations of a company. The book addresses the following issues: How do economic, environmental and societal factors impact the value-creation process of a company? What requirements and expectations need to be met to balance economic, ecologic and societal value creation? What are the building blocks and measures that can be utilized on the journey towards building a sustainable value chain? What benefits can be achieved through sustainable value chains? What are the practical examples of sustainable value chains in leading companies that can inspire others to follow? The book includes contributions from the following organisations and companies: Beiersdorf, SAP, Klenk und Hoursch, VAUDE, Infineon Technologies, Independent Capital Management, BASF, Nanogate, the Federal German Council for Sustainable Development, Henkel, Symrise, shared.value.chain, Siemens, Fairphone and Thin Air Factory
Logistics & supply chain management
Oh my goods!
Sustainable fashion : past, present, and future
Adapt or die : transforming your supply chain into an adaptive business network
Operations and supply chain management
Designing and managing industrial product-service systems
Waste to wealth : creating advantage in a circular economy
Proceedings of the ERIAFF conference "Sustainable Food Systems: Multi-actor Co-operation to Foster New Competitiveness of Europe"
Logistics and supply chain integration
Principles of supply chain management : a balanced approach
Offshoring and outsourcing under demand uncertainty : a supply chain management analysis
Improving sustainable supply chain management with 3D printing : case company: Leet International
Green Supply Chain Management : Product Life Cycle Approach
Feeding frenzy : the new politics of food
Beef cattle production systems
Designing and implementing livestock value chain studies : a practical aid for Highly Pathogenic and Emerging Disease (HPED) control
Guide to supply chain management
Moveable feasts : the incredible journeys of the things we eat
Liquid biofuels : emergence, development and prospects
Almost everything made today is manufactured by large networks of companies. Hundreds, if not thousands, of companies provide components, subassemblies, and major assemblies to a final manufacturer or integrator. These large distributed supply chains have created many problems and headaches across a variety of industries.
Dyadic relations between the main contractor and its suppliers : a case study to clarify critical factors in Metso Paper Ltd
A cultural history of food. Vol. 4, In the early modern age
The role of power relations in strategic supply management : a value net approach
Ethics and corporate social responsibility in the meetings and events industry
Abstract.
From the author of What to Eat and Shopped, a revelatory investigation into what really goes into the food we eat. Even with 25 years experience as a journalist and investigator of the food chain, Joanna Blythman still felt she had unanswered questions about the food we consume every day. How 'natural' is the process for making a 'natural' flavouring? What, exactly, is modified starch, and why is it an ingredient in so many foods? What is done to pitta bread to make it stay 'fresh' for six months? And why, when you eat a supermarket salad, does the taste linger in your mouth for several hours after? Swallow This is a fascinating exploration of the food processing industry and its products - not just the more obvious ready meals, chicken nuggets and tinned soups, but the less overtly industrial - washed salads, smoothies, yoghurts, cereal bars, bread, fruit juice, prepared vegetables. Forget illegal, horse-meat-scandal processes, every step in the production of these is legal, but practised by a strange and inaccessible industry, with methods a world-away from our idea of domestic food preparation, and obscured by technical speak, unintelligible ingredients manuals, and clever labelling practices. Determined to get to the bottom of the impact the industry has on our food, Joanna Blythman has gained unprecedented access to factories, suppliers and industry insiders, to give an utterly eye-opening account of what we're really swallowing.
The "green" or environmental sustainability movement has taken hold throughout the world. Its staying power is confirmed by the fact that environmental emphasis in organizations did not decrease during the recent global recession, but rather increased. Organizations see that greater environmental emphasis in their product and service offerings not only helps their image, but also may reduce inefficiency, waste, and corresponding cost. However, since most organizations rely heavily on their supply base for providing components, materials, and services that become part of their final products, organizations must revisit their sourcing processes and choices to have a real impact on the environment.
Clockspeed : winning industry control in the age of temporary advantage
Handbook of computational intelligence in manufacturing and production management
Design, analysis, and optimization of supply chains : a system dynamics approach
Supply chain management workbook
Manufacturing at warp speed : optimizing supply chain financial performance
Managing customer issues through a support channel network
The impact of customer order lead time-based decisions on the firm's ability to make money : case study: build to order manufacturing of electrical equipment and appliances
Biomonitoring of cadmium in pig production
Next level supply management excellence : your straight to the bottom line roadmap / Robert A. Rudzki, Robert J. Trent
Production system engineering
Implementation of manufacturing data management application in the scientific research project
Proceedings of the International Symposium Postharvest Pacifica 2009 - Pathways to Quality : Vth International Symposium on Managing Quality in Chains in collaboration with the Australasian Postharvest Horticultural Conference ; Napier, New Zealand, November 15 - 19, 2009
Learn how to make your company more efficient, increase customer value with less work and make better use of your organisation's resources by implementing a Lean management strategy.
Customer willingness to pay for sustainability in the food sector : an examination of three WTP types
Economics and price risks in international pellet supply chains
The future of food business : the facts, the impacts, the acts
Toyota supply chain management : a strategic approach to the principles of Toyota's renowned system
Swallow this : serving up the food industry's darkest secrets
Organic supply chains for small farmer income generation in developing countries : case studies in India, Thailand, Brazil, Hungary and Africa
Factory positioning in an unpredictable environment : a managerial view of manufacturing strategy formation
Sourcing to support the green initiative
