http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24216 secondary diseases
secondary diseases
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
The adrenal cortex : a scope monograph
Health and nutrition secrets that can save your life
Osteonecrosis in children, adolescents and young adults treated for cancer
Dietary phosphorus bioavailability and associations with vascular calcification in a middle-aged Finnish population
Physical activity, nutrition and stress response in young adults born preterm : determinants of health and disease : The Helsinki Study of Very Low Birth Weight Adults
Cardiovascular risk factors and adrenal function in 12-year-old children born small for gestational age or after a preeclamptic pregnancy
Inflammatory Disorders
Effect of barley grinding method and sodium polyacrylate supplement in the diet on the performance and stomach ulcer development of growing finishing pigs
Food safety and food quality
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Food, nutrition and the prevention of cancer : a global perspective
Targeted ablation of gonadotropin dependent endocrine tumors in transgenic mice through their luteinizing hormone receptor (LHR)
Clinical chemistry
The mechanistic basis of chronic inflammation remains unclear. The research sheds new light on the immune cells expressing the activation markers HLA-DR and regulatory T cells (Tregs) and the cells expressing Siglec receptors as being key players in the immune system responsiveness to antigens and thus in lung tissue damage of chronic inflammation. The results help understand the mechanisms of action of common drugs used in COPD, such as formoterol, tiotropium, or corticosteroids, and point to novel drug targets. The chapters also deal with brain damaging effects, by far unrecognized, of inhaled corticosteroid therapy, a time-proven management of chronic inflammatory airway conditions; asthma being a case in point. Novel methods, likely less producing side effects, of macrolide antibiotics administration by inhalation are discussed, emphasizing not only bacteriostatic but also anti-inflammatory action.
A clinical and health economical observational study of anti-tumor necrosis factor therapy in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis in Finland
Expression of the c-myc gene in human adrenals: regulation byadrenocorticotropin in primary cultures
Expression of the steroidogenic acute regulatory protein mRNA in adrenal tumors and cultured adrenal cells
Foods : experimental perspectives
Finnish older patients with schizophrenia : antipsychotic use, psychiatric admissions, long-term care and mortality
On the structure of the human suprarenal vein with reference to structural changes in hypertension
