http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24238 medical ethics
medical ethics
"This book applies a discussion of the nature of human life to resolving bioethical issues"
Great issues for medicine in the twenty-first century : ethical and social issues arising out of advances in the biomedical sciences
Is there an ethicist in the house? : on the cutting edge of bioethics
Reconceiving medical ethics
Bioethics : principles, issues, and cases
Bioethics : an introduction
The moral Rubicon : a study of the principles of sanctity of life and quality of life in bioethics
Useful bodies : humans in the service of medical science in the twentieth century
Wrong medicine : doctors, patients, and futile treatment
A short history of medical ethics
The Oxford handbook of ethics at the end of life
Cross cultural perspectives in medical ethics : readings
Medical law and ethics
Medical ethics in the ancient world
A magnificent history of the gene and a response to the defining question of the future: What becomes of being human when we learn to "read" and "write" our own genetic information? Siddhartha Mukherjee has a written a biography of the gene as deft, brilliant, and illuminating as his extraordinarily successful biography of cancer. Weaving science, social history, and personal narrative to tell us the story of one of the most important conceptual breakthroughs of modern times, Mukherjee animates the quest to understand human heredity and its surprising influence on our lives, personalities, identities, fates, and choices.
The ends of human life : medical ethics in a liberal polity
Quality of life, health and happiness
Assisted dying : who makes the final decision?
Ethical eye : the human genome
Ethical issues in drug testing, approval, and pricing : the clot-dissolving drugs
This practice-based philosophical study presents the view that professional healthcare is not just one of the many paid professions. On the contrary, healthcare should be redefined as a modest but meaningful variant of enacted love for one's fellow human beings, practiced in an institutional context. There is a reciprocal side to it, as it is not just professionals who show loving care for their patients, residents, or clients. Those groups have feelings of gratitude, respect and affinity for the professionals, although not all of them are equally satisfied. Obviously, love should be understood in a non-romantic and non-erotic way, and its location is not the private sphere. "Professional Loving Care" is the condensed and updated version of "Menslievende zorg", originally written within the context of the Low Countries, but dealing with issues that are relevant to western healthcare systems in general. The Dutch edition was published in 2005 and by 2011 it was in its sixth reprint.
The Cambridge world history of medical ethics
A glass darkly : medicine and theology in further dialogue
Methods in medical ethics
Intersections : science, theology, and ethics
Stimulating the brain : ethical perspectives on deep brain stimulation & nano scaled brain machine interfaces
Ethics and the business of biomedicine
Ethics and medical decision-making
Moral problems in medicine
Strangers at the bedside : a history of how law and bioethics transformed medical decision making
Respecting life : theology and bioethics
Ethical problems of preventive medicine
The Blackwell guide to medical ethics
The right to know and the right not to know
Case studies in biomedical ethics : decision-making, principles, and cases
Slow cures and bad philosophers : essays on Wittgenstein, medicine, and bioethics
Human dignity : a study in medical ethics
Normative determinants of genetic screening and testing
Dictionary of medical ethics
Assisted suicide : The liberal, humanist case against legalization
Bioethics in a liberal society
To relieve the human condition : bioethics, technology, and the body
Informative paternalism : studies in the ethics of promoting and predicting health
Professional loving care : an ethical view of the healthcare sector
Medical ethics and the faith factor : a handbook for clergy and health-care professionals
The elimination of morality : reflections on utilitarianism and bioethics
Birth, suffering, and death : Catholic perspectives at the edges of life
Theology and bioethics : exploring the foundations and frontiers
Christian theology and medical ethics : four contemporary approaches
Enhancing human traits : ethical and social implications
Duties to others
Core competencies for healthcare ethics consultation : the report of the American Society for Bioethics and Humanities
"This book approaches bioethics on the basis of a conception of life and what is needed for the affirmation of its quality in the most encompassing sense. Lawrence E. Johnson applies this conception to discussions of controversial issues in bioethics including euthanasia, abortion, cloning, and genetic engineering. His emphasis is not on providing definitive solutions to all bioethical issues but on developing an approach to coping with them that can also help us deal with new issues as they emerge. The foundation of this discussion is an extensive examination of the nature of the self and its good and of various approaches to ethics. His bioethic is integrally related to his well-known work on environmental philosophy. The book also applies these principles on an individual level, offering a user-friendly discussion of how to deal with ethical slippery slopes and how and where to draw the line when dealing with difficult questions of bioethics"
Reading the Bible in the strange world of medicine
The gene : an intimate history
Body, soul, and bioethics
Additional protocol to the Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine, concerning Genetic Testing for Health Purposes : Protocole additionnel la Convention sur les droits de l'homme et la biom decine, relatif aux tests genetiques des fins medicales
Wonderwoman and superman : the ethics of human biotechnology
On moral medicine : theological perspectives in medical ethics
Death, brain death and ethics
Caring well : religion, narrative and health care ethics
Brain death : ethical considerations
Sanctity of life and human dignity
A concise history of euthanasia : life, death, God, and medicine
Medicine, money, and morals : physicans' conflict of interest
Pragmatic bioethics
Cancer : genetics and the environment
The very best journalism from one of Britain's most admired and outspoken science writers, author of the bestselling 'Bad Science' and 'Bad Pharma'.
The Cambridge World History of Medical Ethics is the first comprehensive scholarly account of the global history of medical ethics. Offering original interpretations of the field by leading bioethicists and historians of medicine, it will serve as the essential point of departure for future scholarship in the field. The book reconceptualises the history of medical ethics through the creation of new categories, including the life cycle; discourses of religion, philosophy, and bioethics; and the relationship between medical ethics and the state, which includes a historical reexamination of the ethics of apartheid, colonialism, communism, health policy, imperialism, militarism, Nazi medicine, Nazi 'medical ethics', and research ethics. Also included are the first global chronology of persons and texts; the first concise biographies of major figures in medical ethics; and the first comprehensive bibliography of the history of medical ethics. An extensive index guides readers to topics, texts, and proper names.
Hippocrates' maze : ethical explorations of the medical labyrinth
The biological foundations of bioethics
Kevin Yuill goes straight to the heart of a difficult issue. Critical of both sides of the discussion, this book presents an up-to-date analysis of the direction discussion is taking, showing that atheists, libertarians, and those favouring abortion rights and stem-cell research should stand beside their religious compatriots in opposing legalization of assisted suicide. The author shows that the real issue behind the debate is not euthanasia but suicide. Rather than focusing on tragic cases, he indicates the real damage that will be done if we affirm the suicidal wishes of even a small segment of the population. Analyzing the movement for the right to die in historical terms, Yuill shows that, though many proponents of a change in the law believe they are rationalist heirs of such thinkers as John Stuart Mill, legalizing assisted suicide will reduce privacy and freedom. Finally, Yuill suggests a radical alternative to legalization of assisted suicide that would embrace both the cause of freedom and the anxieties of many about securing good deaths.
Symbiont
Bioethics : a primer for Christians
Philosophy of medicine : an introduction
Life and death : philosophical essays in biomedical ethics
I think you'll find it's a bit more complicated than that : selected writing
A life-centered approach to bioethics : biocentric ethics
Death or disability? : the 'carmentis machine' and decision-making for critically ill children
An understanding of the ethical implications of their work is now essential for all scientists. This accessible textbook clearly explains bioethical theories and their philosophical foundations to science students, enabling them to confidently take part in the key ethical debates of biotechnology. Over 200 activities introduce topics for personal reflection and discussion points encourage students to think for themselves and build their own arguments. Highlighting the potential pitfalls for those new to bioethics, each chapter features boxes providing factual information and outlining the philosophical background. Accompanying online podcasts by the author (two of whose podcasts on iTunesU have attracted over 3 million downloads) explain points that might be difficult for beginners. Detailed case studies provide an insight into real-life examples of bioethical problems. Within-chapter essay questions and quizzes, along with end-of-chapter review questions, allow students to check their understanding and encourage broader thinking about the topics discussed.
Encyclopedia of Jewish medical ethics : a compilation of Jewish medical law on all topics of medical interest ..
Moral dilemmas in medicine : a coursebook in ethics for doctors and nurses
Life before birth : the moral and legal status of embryos and fetuses
Human dignity, human rights, and responsibility : the new language of global bioethics and biolaw
The Sage handbook of health care ethics : core and emerging issues
The codification of medical morality : historical and philosophical studies of the formalization of Western medical morality in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. Vol. 2, Anglo-American medical ethics and medical jurisprudence in the nineteenth century
Better never to have been : the harm of coming into existence
The Oxford textbook of clinical research ethics
Quality of life measures in health care and medical ethics
The patient as person : explorations in medical ethics
Medicine, medical ethics and the value of life
Bioethics beyond the headlines : who lives? who dies? who decides?
Against bioethics
A companion to bioethics
The conscience of psychiatry : the reform work of Peter R. Breggin
Bioethics : a nursing perspective
Ethics and emerging technologies
The ethics of screening in health care and medicine : serving society or serving the patient?
Ethical issues in modern medicine
Cognitive enhancement : an interdisciplinary perspective
Placebo : placebo effects in musculoskeletal disorders : 13th Physiatric Summer School : 16.08.-17.08.2012, Helsinki
Principles of health care ethics
Ethics in medicine
Medical utopias : ethical reflections about emerging medical technologies
Developing world bioethics
Beyond humanity? : the ethics of biomedical enhancement
Prenatal diagnosis : confronting the ethical issues
Christian ethics : an introduction
Notes from a narrow ridge : religion and bioethics
Confronting death
Ethics and law in biological research
Autonomy and patients' decisions
The value of life
Personhood and health care
