http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24370 Christian schools
Christian schools
Youth, religion and confirmation work in Europe : the second study
Transforming lives : Christian education in a multi-cultural society
Managing God's higher learning : U.S.-China cultural encounter and Canton Christian College (Lingnan University) 1888-1952
Educating for intelligent belief or unbelief
Catholic schools : mission, markets and morality
Works of Louisa May Alcott
Teaching godly play : the Sunday morning handbook
Confirmation ministry study : global report 4-8 September 1995, Geneva, Switzerland
This book will attempt, through an in-depth investigation of eight private schools, representing a wide variety of traditions (including non-sectarian as well as sectarian schools), to show how schools are telling reflections of the changing religious landscape of our country. It will also seek to demonstrate that these schools are important guideposts in the process of understanding that landscape, and how institutions with a clear commitment can embrace a pluralistic constituency. The degree to which they are able to balance both tradition and contemporary reality can teach us a great deal about not only how to be more fluent in our religious literacy, but how to be better citizens in an increasingly complex world.
Religiosity, cultural capital, and parochial schooling : psychological empirical research
Just for me
Looking for Alibrandi
Educating for life : reflections on Christian teaching and learning
What schools teach us about religious life
Dorevolûcionnaâ Kazan' : missionerskoe prosveŝenie i issledovanie narodov Povolž'â = Prerevolutionary Kazan : missionary education and study of the Volga native peoples
This book offers a fresh report and interpretation of what is happening at the intersection of two great contemporary movements: the rapid growth of higher education worldwide and the rise of world Christianity. It features on-site, evaluative studies by scholars from Africa, Asia, North America, and South America. Christian Higher Education: A Global Reconnaissance visits some of the hotspots of Christian university development, such as South Korea, Kenya, and Nigeria, and compares what is happening there to places in Canada, the United States, and Europe, where Christian higher education has a longer history. Very little research until now has examined the scope and direction of Christian higher education throughout the world, so this volume fills a real gap.
Authentic cosmopolitanism : love, sin, and grace in the Christian university
Confirmation work in Europe : empirical results, experiences and challenges : a comparative study in seven countries
Christian religious education in the Lutheran dioceses of North-Western Tanzania
This book addresses an issue of considerable current interest and importance: what is and what should be the role of religion in the education process of a modern, secular society? The subject is tackled through an indepth investigation of a recently established network of small independent Christian schools. First, the controversy itself is examined: What are the arguments for and against faith-based schools in the unique setting of the United Kingdom? Subsequently, the schools themselves are introduced and the key issues are described in detail. The focus then shifts to the teenage population of the schools. Who are these young people? How do they think and what do they believe? These questions are answered by analysing the results of an extensive survey and, where possible, comparisons are made with the attitudes and beliefs of the wider population of British teenagers. The findings show that the young people in the new Christian schools hold different values from many of their peers, and it is argued that the differences are of a positive rather than a negative nature.
Swimming against the tide : the new independent christian schools and their teenage pupils
Faith schools : consensus or conflict?
Does confirmation training really matter? : a longitudinal study of the quality and effectiveness of confirmation training in Finland
Moscow icons 14th - 17th centuries
Christian higher education : a global reconnaissance
Educating for shalom : essays on Christian higher education
Implementing religious education five to sixteen
