http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24381 bony tissues
bony tissues
Effects of organic environmental toxicants on hard tissue formation in developing tooth : an in vitro study in mice
Spectroscopic characterization of bone composition : alterations during bone formation, maturation and aging
Bisphosphonate-induced IPP/ApppI accumulation in cells
Proatherogenic effects of common pathogens on liver, adipose tissue and coronary artery disease
Human bone marrow stem cells : a novel aspect to bone remodelling and mesenchymal diseases
Summary.
Fused diatom based osteoconductive scaffold for bone grafting applications and cell growth platforms
Effects of biochemical and mechanical signals on osteogenic differentiation of adipose stem cells in vitro
Influences of muscle, fat and hormones on bone development in women : a cross-sectional and longitudinal study spanning three generations
Intraoral bone harvesting in oral and maxillofacial surgery
Reindeer-derived bone protein extract in the healing of bone defects : evaluation of various carrier materials and delivery systems
Characterization and optimization of in vitro culture conditions of adult stem cells for clinical cell therapy
Osteobiography of Vicar Rungius : analyses of the bones and tissues of the mummy of an early 17th-century Northern Finnish clergyman using radiology and stable isotopes
Ultrasound stimulation of bone and cartilage : interactions in common in vitro and tissue engineering configurations
The effects of electroactive polypyrrole on the osteogenic differentiation of adipose stem cells and bone regeneration
Bone marrow-derived stem cell therapy in acute myocardial infarction : an experimental porcine model
Bone structural analysis with pQCT : image preprocessing and cortical bone segmentation
Systemic transplantation of bone marrow stromal cells : an experimental animal study of biodistribution and tissue targeting
Bone health, body composition and adipokines in juvenile idiopathic arthritis
Bone as a target for persistent organic pollutants
Highly porous freeze-dried composite scaffolds for cartilage and osteochondral tissue engineering
Persistent organic pollutants (POPs) are ubiquitous and bioaccumulative man-made chemicals, resistant to chemical, biological and photolytic degradation and widely distributed to sediments, wildlife, and human. Many of these chemicals have adverse effects on a variety of targets, including the endocrine system, organogenesis and reproduction. Due to these effects and wide distribution, many of them are either banned or strictly controlled. However, because of persistency, they continue to interact with organisms globally.Despite the existing knowledge of the adverse effects of POPs, the effects of many chemicals on bone tissue are still poorly known. In the present study, we investigated the adverse effects of three common POPs, including tributyltin (TBT), 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) and perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) on the skeletal system. In vitro models were used to study the effects of PFOA in mouse and in human, and the co-effects of TBT and TCDD on differentiating osteoblasts and osteoclasts of mice. An in vivo model for mice was used to study the developmental effects of maternal PFOA-exposure on pups among with morphometrical and biomechanical property analyses. Mass-spectrometry was used to study the presence of PFOA in bones both in mice and in human, the latter acquired from the bone bank held in the Oulu University Hospital, Finland. The bones were also analyzed with cone beam computer tomography and microcomputer tomography.The results show that PFOA exposure in utero and during lactation leads to the accumulation of PFOA in bone, traceable even 17 months after exposure. PFOA exposure decreased the mineral density of the tibias and increased the medullary area. Nearly all of the human samples contained PFAS, including PFOA. PFOA also disturbed the differentiation of osteoblasts and with lower doses, increased bone resorption of osteoclasts both in mouse and human, the phenomenon being slightly stronger in mice. Co-exposure to TBT and TCDD led to decreased differentiation of osteoblasts and osteoclast, and the co-effect was partially synergistic in osteoblasts.These results show disruption of bone development, bone cell differentiation, and PFAS accumulation in bone. Further studies are recommended to evaluate the co-effects of different POPs and the possible effects of long-term accumulation of POPs in bone and other tissues.
Bone, fat and muscle gain in pubertal girls : effects of physical activity
Effect of odd-impact exercise on bone mass and physical performance in postmenopausal women
Healing of cranial critical sized defects with grafts, stem cells, growth factors and bio-materials
Characterization of osteogenic differentiation mechanisms of human adipose stem cells in response to BMP-2 and bioactive glasses
Normal variation of the tibiotalar joint in dynamic computed tomography
Role of breastfeeding in bone health, body composition and vascular health and their inter-connectivity : a follow-up study from birth to 32 years of age
Isolation, characterization and osteogenic differentiation of dental stem cells in vitro for bone tissue engineering
Kallmann syndrome : clinical and molecular genetic features in Finland
3D woven scaffolds for bone tissue engineering
Improvement of orthopaedic bone screws by DLC coatings : in vitro methods for testing of screw fixation
Heterotopic ossification in skin : special focus on multiple miliary osteoma cutis and the role of bone morphogenetic proteins
Acid-base balance and oxidative metabolism in calcified tissues
Magnetic resonance and nuclear medicine imaging in bone and soft-tissue infections
Bone is a highly vascularized tissue which enables a close interaction between blood vessels and osteoid complexes, including osteoblasts and osteoclasts. Iatrogenic bone loss, caused by a surgical intervention or trauma, disrupts circulation in the bone and leads to hypoxia and even necrosis of the adjacent bone. The mechanisms of the bone tissue healing process by regeneration are highly specific.The most common and predictable way to manage a large-sized skull bone defect has traditionally been using the patient's own bone tissue graft. The problem with the method is damage and pain of the donor site caused by the operation and healing problems. In paediatric patients, there is a limited availability of adequate autologous bone grafts. For this reason, efforts have been made to develop substitute materials in order to avoid the need for large bone grafts. Autologous stem cells have proven to be promising targets for the development of bone substitutes for cranio-maxillofacial bone defects.The main objective of this study was to examine, by using an experimental animal model, differences in the healing of critical-sized calvarial bone defects, similar to cranioplasty, induced with different types of autogenous bone grafts and with adipose tissue- or bone marrow-derived stem cells grown in two commonly used biomaterials, tricalcium phosphate and bioglass. We also investigated the effect of tissue adhesive, fibrin glue, on the healing process of bone defects. The effect of the stimulating growth factor proteins BMP-2, BMP-7 and VEGF on tissue transplants and ossification was also studied. The results of this study support the previously reported findings of accelerated bone graft resorption associated with autologous bone graft use. In particular, the use of fibrin tissue glue in combination with autologous particulated bone grafts reduced the formation of new bone incalvarial lesions.During the initial healing of calvarial bone defects, tricalcium phosphate granules proved to be more effective than solid bioactive glass scaffolds. Furthermore, in combination with adipose-derived stem cells, tricalcium phosphate showed better bone regeneration than the same cells in combination with a bioactive glass scaffold. Combining bone marrow-derived stem cells with biomaterial did not increase bone formation in calvarial critical-sized defects. In this study, there was no evidence of the positive effect of growth factors on cranial bone healing.
