http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24308 bicycle brands
bicycle brands
The illustrated Directory of Motorcycles
Classic Harley-Davidson : a celebration of an American icon
Motorcycles 1885-1940
Abstract: This thesis deals with market research and the Nordic bicycle markets, the main  focus on road racing bicycles. The aim of this thesis is to describe the Nordic bicycle  markets, and find out market potential for the case company which is interested  in expanding their operations in the Nordic countries.  The theoretical framework of this thesis involves the main theories of market research.  Essential issues like market research process, data collection, market segmentation  and competitor identification and analysis will be presented.  The empirical part consists of market research of bicycle markets in different Nordic  countries and presentation of the main competitors of the case company. It is  based on both secondary and primary research. Secondary research included collecting  information from the Internet, books and brochures, along with investigating  statistics. Primary research was conducted by interviewing experts in the field  of business. In addition, questionnaire and observation were used.  The market research made for the case company gives an idea whether to allocate  more sources for investigating the Nordic markets more carefully, or not. Without  further examination, accurate conclusions cannot be made. However the results  show that there is some potential in the Nordic markets, especially in Denmark.
1001 bikes to dream of riding before you die
Summary: Explore in detail the greatest bikes of all time and from across the globe: from the early historic velocipedes of the 1890s to the arrival of today's standard upright bikes that dominate the marketplace. Learn about models from every cycling discipline, from road to mountain biking and BMX to track racing.
Clymer Yamaha : XT600 & TT600, 1983-1989 : [service, repair, maintenance]
The ebike book
Primer annual 2004.
Unusual motorcycles : a collection of curious concepts, prototypes and race bikes
The golden age of handbuilt bicycles : [craftsmanship, elegance and function] /text: Jan Heine ; photography: Jean-Pierre Pradères
Fifty bicycles that changed the world
The ultimate motorcyckle book
Gilera : the complete story
Market research of road racing bicycles in Nordic Countries : case: Cinelli
Superbikes : 300 top performance machines
The encyclopedia of motorcycles
Honda CBR600F2 & F3 : service and repair manual
Aprilia : the complete story
Harley-Davidson : an illustrated history
The bicycle artisans
American dream bikes :  leading edge motorcycle design and technology
Suzuki LS650 Savage/Boulevard S40 1986 2012 : Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repair
HONDA 250 & 350 TWINS WORKSHOP MANUAL
Bizarre cars : the strangest vehicles of all time
The scooter bible : from Cushman to Vespa, the ultimate history and buyer's guide
Phaidon design classics. Volume 1-3
The elite bicycle : portraits of great marques, makers and designers
Rebuilding the brand : how Harley-Davidson became king of the road
The illustrated encyclopedia of motorcycles / The Complete guide to motorbikes and biking, with an A-Z of marques and over 600 stunning colour photographs
Phaidon design classics. Volume one, 001-333
Cyclepedia : a tour of iconic bicycle designs
An illustrated directory of military motorcycles : a country-by-country guide, featuring 160 machines with 320 photographs
