http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24345 advance information
advance information
Inspire me - Inspire yourself : and bank the results. Osa 1.
Golden moments : artefacts of precious metals as products of luxury consumption in Finland c. 1200-1600.. 1, Text
The Patriarchs and The Matriarchs  : Series of Paintings by Michael Rogatchi
TlBr raw material purification, crystal growth, annealing, detector fabrication and characterisation for gamma-ray detector applications
The Far Eastern question at the Washington Conference (1921–1922) with an outline of its implications for internal politics in China
Computer aided research tool (CART) : Exploring features and capabilities
Race code : the artistic and design process of the media art installation
Electromagnetic and light scattering XII : Conference proceedings
Eppur Si Muove : Axiomatics, fundamentals, and experimental verifications of the absolute space-time theory
The Case Against Noam Chomsky - Mental Processing The Case Against Noam Chomsky and Mental Processing, volumes one and two of A Biological Philosophy, are about philosophy, cognitive psychology, and linguistics. The first volume presents the theory of speech as interpretation of feelings and language as a social practice. In linguistics this distinction has not been made leading to great confusion in the science. The second volume describes how feelings are created in mental processes (complex, high-speed neural processes) as a function of an individual (unconsciously and consciously) interpreting himself in relation to the environment. - The first volume is presented as a case against Chomsky in view of Chomsky's theories offering a complete contrast to the ideas of a biological philosophy in all its aspects.
A biological philosophy. Vol. 1, The case against Noam Chomsky. Vol. 2, Mental processing
Urbanism in the house
International Organization for the Study of the Old Testament : 20th Congress of IOSOT : Helsinki, 1-6 August 2010
ICT standard for management : ICT standard
Local politicizations : a comparison of Finns and French practising democracy
Elite bargaining and the evolution of centre-periphery relations in Post-Soviet Russia : comparative analysis
Identification of genetic susceptibility loci for migraine
Assessing university students' prior knowledge : implications for theory and practice
No citizens here : global subjects and participation in international law
Failure mechanisms of brass components
Global education and schools : a guide for NGOs' school visits
Hard custom, hard dance : social organisation, (un)differentiation and notions of power in a Tabiteuean community, Southern Kiribati
Parliamentary ombudsman 90.
Instant satisfaction : polaroids and other instant gems
Emotional experience in psychotherapeutic interacion : conversation analytical study on cognitive psychotherapy
Families of food : seeing European culture through a stranger's eyes
Eco Urban Living : Espoo as an innovation hub in 2020.
Raspberry line : 180+1 positions to improve your tactics and some useful visualisations
A guide to sanitation and hygiene for those working in developing countries
My good Indian year
Inspire me - Inspire yourself : and bank the results. Osa 3.
Grammar and disciplinary culture: a corpus-based study
Crossroads Saksalanharju : nordic art collaboration
Interpretation in the asylum process : Guide for interpreters
Representation in the asylum process : Guide for representatives of minor asylum seekers
Preterm delivery and selected biomarkers : phosphorylated insulin- like growth factor-binding protein-1 and matrix metalloproteinase-8 − in cervical fluid
Legal decisions and information systems
Economic development of the Finnish local government sector : The path to the present
Inspire me - Inspire yourself : and bank the results. Osa 2.
Finnish Dictionary for the Language Learner : 13 000 words and phrases arranged by topics
Teachers' pedagogical beliefs : definition and operationalisation - connections to knowledge and performance - development and change
Learning bridges : Toward participatory learning environments
Images of the other in Finnish primary school geography books
Clear for Life : Lifestyle for Health, Happiness and Clear Skin
Language and the scientific imagination : Proceedings of the 11th Conference of the International Society for the Study of European Ideas (ISSEI)
Encouraging collections mobility : A way forward for museums in Europe
The passion of black Jesus : a novella by Adam Darius
Gati & Kapa : two artists in
Recovery of yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae after thermal insult
Inspire me - Inspire yourself : and bank the results
The memory illusion : remembering, forgetting, and the science of false memory
Holy melancholy
The Blackwell encyclopedia of social psychology
Rethinking prejudice
Resistance responses blocking systemic movement  of Potato virus A in potato
How learning works : seven research-based principles for smart teaching
