http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24384 molecular gastronomy
molecular gastronomy
Modernist cuisine : the art and science of cooking. Volume 4, Ingredients and Preparations
Molecular gastronomy : exploring the science of flavor
How to make coffee : the science behind the bean
Building a meal : from molecular gastronomy to culinary constructivism
The Perfect Meal : The Multisensory Science of Food and Dining
Kitchen mysteries : revealing the science of food
Why does asparagus make your wee smell? : and 57 other curious food and drink questions
Why does asparagus make your wee smell? and 57 other curious food and drink questions
The kitchen as laboratory : reflections on the science of food and cooking
Modernist cuisine : the art and science of cooking. Volume 5, Plated-Dish Recipes
Modernist cuisine : the art and science of cooking
Terminologia : alimentos funcionais, probióticos, prebióticos, simbióticos, alegações de saúde, avaliação sensorial de alimentos, gastronomia molecular : edição em inglês-português = [Terminology : functional foods, probiotics, prebiotics, synbiotics, health claims, sensory evaluation of foods, molecular gastronomy : English-Portuguese edition]
Modernist cuisine : the art and science of cooking. Volume 6, Kitchen Manual
Taste buds and molecules : the art and science of food, wine, and flavor
Considering six bistro favorites, Hervé This isolates the exact chemical properties that tickle our senses and stimulate our appetites. More important, he identifies methods of culinary construction that appeal to our memories, intelligence, and creativity.
El Bulli : cooking in progress
Modernist cuisine : the art and science of cooking. Volume 3, Animals and Plants
Modernist cuisine : the art and science of cooking. Volume 2, Techniques and Equipment
Reinventing food : Ferran Adriȧ : the man who changed the way we eat
Modernist cuisine at home
"This book focuses on cooking equipment, techniques, and recipes"--P. xvii.
A guide to food science : an overview, sub-disciplines, schools, publications, etc
