http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24360 Aboriginals
Aboriginals
Aborigines
An archaeological analysis of the Broadbeach aboriginal burial ground
This captivating work charts the history of Tasmania from the arrival of European maritime expeditions through to the modern day.
Separated children & forbidden roots : removals of part-indigenous children as part of Australia's assimilation policy in the 1950s-1960s
Didgeridoo : a comprehensive guide to the didgeridoo
Blacklines : contemporary critical writing by indigenous Australians
"This work is the first to assess the legality and impact of colonisation from the viewpoint of Aboriginal law, rather than from that of the dominant Western legal tradition. It begins by outlining the Aboriginal legal system as it is embedded in Aboriginal people's complex relationship with their ancestral lands. This is Raw Law : a natural system of obligations and benefits, flowing from an Aboriginal ontology. And this book places Raw Law at the centre of an analysis of colonization - thereby decentring the usual analytical tendency to privilege the dominant structures and concepts of Western law. From the perspective of Aboriginal law, colonisation was a violation of the code of political and social conduct embodied in Raw Law. Its effects were damaging. It forced Aboriginal peoples to violate their own principles of natural responsibility to self, community, country and future existence. But this book is not simply a work of mourning. Most profoundly, it is a celebration of the resilience of Aboriginal ways, and a call for these to be recognized as central in discussions of colonial and postcolonial legality"--
Stories from two native tribes of Eastern Australia
Aboriginal music : education for living : cross-cultural experiences from South Australia
The swan book
Indigenous peoples, the United Nations and human rights
Follow the rabbit-proof fence
The interrogation of Ashala Wolf
Power struggles : hydro development and First Nations in Manitoba and Quebec
The politics of storytelling : variations on a theme by Hannah Arendt
Travelling with Percy : a South Coast journey
Whose place? : a study of Sally Morgan's My place
Aboriginals in Australia today
Aboriginal Australian art
Dhuuluu-yala = to talk straight : publishing indigenous literature
God, Christ & God's People in Asia : [As seen by the participants of the Consultation on the Theme 'Through a New Vision of God Towards the New Humanity in Christ' Kyoto, 1994]
Aboriginal Australians : first nations of an ancient continent
Young and free : [post]colonial ontologies of childhood, memory, and history in Australia
Local knowledge, global stage
Maahanmuuttajat = The first invaders
The undying
Boomerang : behind an Australian icon
Vaeltajien hallituskausi = Reign of the wanderers
The rights of indigenous peoples : a comparison of the rights of saami and aboriginal peoples in Australia
Our place, our music : aboriginal music : Australian popular music in perspective. Volume 2
"After colonization, indigenous people faced an extractive property rights regime for both their land and knowledge. This book outlines that regime, and how the symbolic function of international intellectual property continues today to assist states to enclose indigenous peoples' knowledge. Drawing on more than 200 interviews, Peter Drahos examines the response of indigenous people to the colonizer's non-developmental property rights. The case studies reveal how they have adapted to the state's extractive order through a process of regulatory bricolage. In order to create a new developmental future for themselves, indigenous developmental networks have been forged - high trust networks that include partnerships with science. Intellectual Property, Indigenous People and their Knowledge argues for a developmental intellectual property order for indigenous people based on a combination of simple rules, principles and a process of regulatory convening"--
Baskets & belonging : indigenous Australian histories
Developing the collection : acquisitions 1999-2001 / editor: Kirsty Morrison
Aboriginal Australians : a history since 1788
Trapped in the gap : doing good in indigenous Australia
Art on a string : aboriginal threaded objects from the central desert and Arnhem land
Landscapes of indigenous performance : music, song and dance of the Torres Strait and Arnhem Land
Eagle and crow : an exploration of an Australian aboriginal myth
RE: mindings : co-constituting indigenous, academic, artistic knowledges
Songs of the Pintupi : musical life in a central Australian society
Underground
Genesis regained : Aboriginal forms of renunciation in Judeo-Christian scriptures and other major traditions
Spirit & vision : aboriginal art : Sammlung Essl, 2.4. - 29.8.2004 / [Katalogred.: = ed. staff: Gabriele Bösch, Sini Zein]
The Kwinkan
Ethnic minority media : an international perspective
Dancing with strangers : the true history of the meeting of the British First Fleet and the aboriginal Australians, 1788
Origin of Australian beliefs
The flying Emu : and other Australian stories
The stolen generations : the removal of Aboriginal children in New South Wales 1883 to 1969
A grammar of Warrongo
Totemism and exogamy : a treatise on certain early forms of superstition and society
This book examines race relations in Australia through various media representations over the past 200 years. The early colonial press perpetuated the image of aboriginal people as framed by early explorers, and stereotypes and assumptions still prevail. Print and television news accounts of several key events in recent Australian history are compared and reveal how indigenous sources are excluded from stories about their affairs. Journalists wield extraordinary power in shaping the images of cultures and people, so indigenous people, like those in North America, have turned away from mainstream media and have acquired their own means of cultural production through radio, television and multimedia. This study concludes with suggestions for addressing media practices to reconcile indigenous and non-indigenous people.
A history of Tasmania
Pragmatics of aboriginal English in contemporary Australian cinema
Yorro yorro : Aboriginal creation and the renewal of nature : Rock paintings and stories from the australian kimberley
Dispossession : a novel of few words
Kunwinjku bim : Western Arnhem land paintings from the collection of the Aboriginal Arts Board
Growing up in Central Australia : new anthropological studies of Aboriginal childhood and adolescence
Aboriginal peoples, colonialism and international law : raw law
Disposal of the dead among Australian aborigines : archaeological data and interpretation
Aboriginal title and indigenous peoples : Canada, Australia, and New Zealand
Wanamurraganya : the story of Jack McPhee
Dealing with alcohol : indigenous usage in Australia, New Zealand and Canada
Performing place, practising memories : aboriginal Australians, hippies and the state
The promised land
Aboriginal artists of the nineteenth century
Aboriginal soul : folk, jazz & soul from indigenous Australia
The encyclopaedia of Aboriginal Australia : Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander history, society and culture. Volume 2, M-Z
Wild cat falling : a novel
The encyclopaedia of Aboriginal Australia : Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander history, society and culture. Volume 1, A-L
Indigenous Australia and alcohol policy : meeting difference with indifference
Indigenous studies and engaged anthropology : the collaborative moment
The family among the Australian aborigines : a sociological study
Aboriginal art
Northern exposure : peoples, powers and prospects in Canada's North
Sport and challenges to racism
The BP exhibition : indigenous Australia enduring civilisation
Modern studies in property law. Volume 4
Yirawala : painter of the dreaming
McCulloch's contemporary aboriginal art : the complete guide
Australian aboriginal stone implements : including bone, shell and tooth implements
Voices in the wilderness : images of Aboriginal people in the Australian media
In-between: Contemporary art in Australia : cross-culture, contemporaneity, globalization
Written by established and emerging Indigenous intellectuals from a variety of positions, perspectives and places, these essays generate new ways of seeing and understanding Indigenous Australian history, culture, identity and knowledge in both national and global contexts. From museums to Mabo, anthropology to art, feminism to film, land rights to literature, the essays collected here offer provocative insights and compelling arguments around the historical and contemporary issues confronting Indigenous Australian today -- Cover.
Music & Dreamtime stories of my people : Australian aboriginal music and legends presented by Bob Maza
Australia : aboriginal paintings - Arnhem land
Monster anthropology in Australasia and beyond
The indigenous public sphere : the reporting and reception of aboriginal issues in the Australian media
Decolonizing the landscape : indigenous cultures in Australia
Wildcat screaming : a novel
eSense of connection
Story place : indigenous art of Cape York and the rainforest : Queensland Art Gallery, South Brisbane, [25 July - 9 November 2003] / [contributing authors include: Lindy Allen, David Burnett, Sally Butler ... [et al.]]
Australian rock art : a new synthesis
A grammar of Yidin
Aboriginal myths, legends and fables
THR ROUHG GUIDE TO AUSTRALIAN ABORIGINAL MUSIC
Aboriginal peoples of Canada : a short introduction
Dream traces : Australian Aboriginal bark paintings
Social determinants of indigenous health
The festivalization of culture
The rough guide to Australian aboriginal music
Frameworks for modern art / edited by Jason Gaiger
Australian aboriginal art
Contemporary aboriginal art
Representations of indigenous Australians in the mainstream news media
Becoming art : exploring cross-cultural categories
Tribal peoples for tomorrow's world
Representing aboriginality : a post-colonial analysis of the key trends of representing aboriginality in South African, Australian, and Aotearoa/New Zealand film
Intellectual property, indigenous people and their knowledge
Primal arts : Native Americans, Eskimos & Aborigines
Representations of Aboriginal Australians in the media : a critical discourse analysis of two newspapers
A companion to Australian aboriginal literature
Dawn of art : painting and sculpture of Australian aborigines
Didgeridoo : ritual origins and playing techniques
The opportunities and comfortable lifestyle available to most Australians have been denied to generations of Indigenous people. As a result some of Australia's original inhabitants suffer from what has been described as Fourth World' standards of health. This is out of place in a country that prides itself on egalitarianism and a fair go for all. Shifting the focus from individual behaviour, to the social and political circumstances that influence people's lives and ultimately their health, helps us to understand the origins of poor health. It can also guide action to bring about change. Social Determinants of Indigenous Health offers a systematic overview of the relationship between the social and political environment and health. Highly respected contributors from around Australia examine the long-term health impacts of the Indigenous experience of dispossession, colonial rule and racism. They also explore the role of factors such as poverty, class, community and social capital, education, employment and housing. They scrutinise the social dynamics of making policy for Indigenous Australians, and the interrelation between human rights and health. Finally, they outline a framework for effective health interventions, which take social factors into consideration. This is a groundbreaking work, developed in consultation with Indigenous health professionals and researchers. It is essential reading for anyone working in Indigenous health. --Publisher's description.
The ideological construction and reconstruction of indigenous subjects : a critical discourse analysis of lexical and pronominal choice in Australian political speeches
You and me, Murrawee
