http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24340 fingering
fingering
The modern recorder player. Vol 3
Violin fingering : its theory and practice
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 8
Stringprovisation : a fingering strategy for jazz violin improvisation
The use of the thumb in piano playing
Joe Pass guitar chords
A Guide to duo and trio playing : studies in historical fingering and pedalling for the organ : fingering, pedalling and commentary
Scale-chord connection
Fingerstyle guitar method
Power tools for five-string bass
Rubank advanced method. Saxophone : vol. I
Divisi fingering in selected passages from Ravel's solo piano works
Absolute beginners. Flute : the complete picture guide to playing the flute
Rubank intermediate method. Saxophone : a follow up course for individual or like-instrument class instruction
Six essential fingerings for the jazz guitarist
A new tune a day : for clarinet. Books 1 & 2.
The Principles of Violin Fingering
Piano fingering : an approach based upon the imprint analysis of Blanche Selva
A new tune a day : for flute. Books 1 & 2.
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 7
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 13
New sounds for woodwind
Guitar case guide to left-handed scales
Handy manual fingering charts for instrumentalists : for teachers, directors and students
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 9
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 12
Fingerspelled word recognition through rapid serial visual presentation
The way they play: illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 2
The keyboardist's picture chord encycklopedia
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 10
The jazz method for flute
The early flute : a practical guide
The Nutracker [Nuottijulkaisu] : easy piano picture book
A new tune a day : for alto saxophone. Books 1 & 2.
The art of performance
Vocal compositions in German organ tablatures 1550-1650 : a catalogue and commentary
Mandolin chord finder : easy-to-use guide to over 1000 mandolin chords
Oboe art and method
Natural fingering : a topographical approach to pianism
The chromatic bansuri : a cross-cultural guide to learning the North Indian bamboo flute
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 5
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 1
L'apprenti bassoniste : méthode pour débutant = The bassoon apprentice : a method for beginner. Volume 1
A New tune a day for flute. Book 1
Wind talk for woodwinds : a practical guide to understanding and teaching woodwind instruments
Tipbook clarinet : the complete guide
Wind talk for brass : a practical guide to understanding and teaching brass instruments
The art of saxophone playing
Harp fingering fundamentals : how to add finger markings to non-fingered harp music
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 3.
Harpsichord method : based on sixteenth to eighteenth-century sources. Text
The use of right hand thumb and finger combinations in the performance of rapid scale passages on the classical guitar, determined through consideration of the functional anatomy of the guitarist's right hand
Violin technique and performance practice in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries
7488 guitar chords
The Organist's picture chords
Mandolin scale finder : easy-to-use guide to over 1300 mandolin scales
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 6
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 11
The fingerboard workbook : concepts in logical fingering
Fingering Charts for Instrumentalists
The principles of violin fingering
HARRY RESER'S MORE THAN 1000 CHORDS FOR GUITAR / HORIZONTAL DIAGRAMS : CHORD PROGRESSIONS : MOVABLE CHORDS
L'apprenti bassoniste : méthode pour débutant = The bassoon apprentice : a method for beginner. Volume 2
French organ music in the reign of Louis XIV
Technical workout : finger-fitness for guitarists
Saxophone for dummies
Multiphonics for the saxophone : a practical guide
The way they play : illustrated discussions with famous artists and teachers. Book 4
5-string banjo fingering chart
