http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24355 R (programming languages)
R (programming languages)
Multivariate time series analysis : with R and financial applications
Lattice : multivariate data visualization with R
Your no-nonsense guide to making sense of machine learning Machine learning can be a mind-boggling concept for the masses, but those who are in the trenches of computer programming know just how invaluable it is. Without machine learning, fraud detection, web search results, real-time ads on web pages, credit scoring, automation, and email spam filtering wouldn't be possible, and this is only showcasing just a few of its capabilities. Written by two data science experts, Machine Learning For Dummies offers a much-needed entry point for anyone looking to use machine learning to accomplish practical tasks. Covering the entry-level topics needed to get you familiar with the basic concepts of machine learning, this guide quickly helps you make sense of the programming languages and tools you need to turn machine learning-based tasks into a reality. Whether you're maddened by the math behind machine learning, apprehensive about AI, perplexed by preprocessing data or anything in between this guide makes it easier to understand and implement machine learning seamlessly. * Grasp how day-to-day activities are powered by machine learning * Learn to 'speak' certain languages, such as Python and R, to teach machines to perform pattern-oriented tasks and data analysis * Learn to code in R using R Studio * Find out how to code in Python using Anaconda Dive into this complete beginner's guide so you are armed with all you need to know about machine learning! / WorldCat.
R Graphics
Design and analysis of experiments with R
Basics of matrix algebra for statistics with R
Analysis of categorical data with R
This accessible guide is the ideal introduction to R for complete beginners. Learn to master the programming language of choice among statisticians and data analysts worldwide.
Machine learning with R : learn how to use R to apply powerful machine learning methods and gain an insight into real-world applications
"This book is intended to be a practical, easy-to-understand guide to carrying out growth curve analysis (multilevel regression) of time course or longitudinal data in the behavioral sciences, particularly cognitive science, cognitive neu- roscience, and psychology. Multilevel regression is becoming a more and more prominent statistical tool in the behavioral sciences and it is especially useful for time course data, so many researchers know they should use it, but they do not know how to use it. In addition, analysis of individual di erences (de- velopmental, neuropsychological, etc.) is an important subject of behavioral science research but many researchers don't know how to implement analy- sis methods that would help them quantify individual di erences. Multilevel regression provides a statistical framework for quantifying and analyzing indi- vidual di erences in the context of a model of the overall group e ects. There are several excellent, detailed textbooks on multilevel regression, but I believe that many behavioral scientists have neither the time nor the inclination to work through those texts. If you are one of these scientists { if you have time course data and want to use growth curve analysis, but don't know how { then this book is for you. I have tried to avoid statistical theory and techni- cal jargon in favor of focusing on the concrete issue of applying growth curve analysis to behavioral science data and individual di erences"--
"We live in a categorical world! From a positive or negative disease diagnosis to choosing all items that apply in a survey, outcomes are frequently organized into categories so that people can more easily make sense of them. However, analyzing data from categorical responses requires specialized techniques beyond those learned in a rst or second course in Statistics. We o er this book to help students and researchers learn how to properly analyze categorical data. Unlike other texts on similar topics, our book is a modern account using the vastly popular R software. We use R not only as a data analysis method but also as a learning tool. For example, we use data simulation to help readers understand the underlying assumptions of a procedure and then to evaluate that procedure's performance. We also provide numerous graphical demonstrations of the features and properties of various analysis methods. The focus of this book is on the analysis of data, rather than on the mathematical development of methods. We o er numerous examples from a wide rage of disciplines medicine, psychology, sports, ecology, and others and provide extensive R code and output as we work through the examples. We give detailed advice and guidelines regarding which procedures to use and why to use them. While we treat likelihood methods as a tool, they are not used blindly. For example, we write out likelihood functions and explain how they are maximized. We describe where Wald, likelihood ratio, and score procedures come from. However, except in Appendix B, where we give a general introduction to likelihood methods, we do not frequently emphasize calculus or carry out mathematical analysis in the text. The use of calculus is mostly from a conceptual focus, rather than a mathematical one"--
ggplot2 : guide to create beautiful graphics in R
Statistics and data analysis for microarrays using R and Bioconductor
Forest analytics with R : an introduction
R and Data Mining : Examples and Case Studies
The new statistics with R : an introduction for biologists
Discrete Data Analysis with R: Visualization and Modeling Techniques for Categorical and Count Data presents an applied treatment of modern methods for the analysis of categorical data, both discrete response data and frequency data. It explains how to use graphical methods for exploring data, spotting unusual features, visualizing fitted models, and presenting results. The book is designed for advanced undergraduate and graduate students in the social and health sciences, epidemiology, economics, business, statistics, and biostatistics as well as researchers, methodologists, and consultants who can use the methods with their own data and analyses. Along with describing the necessary statistical theory, the authors illustrate the practical application of the techniques to a large number of substantive problems, including how to organize data, conduct an analysis, produce informative graphs, and evaluate what the graphs reveal about the data. The first part of the book contains introductory material on graphical methods for discrete data, basic R skills, and methods for fitting and visualizing one-way discrete distributions. The second part focuses on simple, traditional nonparametric tests and exploratory methods for visualizing patterns of association in two-way and larger frequency tables. The final part of the text discusses model-based methods for the analysis of discrete data.
Ecological Models and Data in R is the first truly practical introduction to modern statistical methods for ecology. In step-by-step detail, this book teaches ecology graduate students and researchers everything they need to know in order to use maximum likelihood, information-theoretic, and Bayesian techniques to analyze their own data using the programming language R. Drawing on extensive experience teaching these techniques to graduate students in ecology, Benjamin Bolker shows how to choose among and construct statistical models for data, estimate their parameters and confidence limits, and interpret the results.This book also covers statistical frameworks, the philosophy of statistical modeling, and critical mathematical functions and probability distributions. It requires no programming background - only basic calculus and statistics. It offers: practical, beginner-friendly introduction to modern statistical techniques for ecology using the programming language R; step-by-step instructions for fitting models to messy, real-world data; a balanced view of different statistical approaches; wide coverage of techniques - from simple (distribution fitting) to complex (state-space modeling); techniques for data manipulation and graphical display; and, a companion web site with data and R code for all examples.
Reproducible research with R and RStudio
A handbook of statistical analyses using R
Bioconductor case studies
An introduction to applied multivariate analysis with R
Using R and RStudio for data management, statistical analysis, and graphics
"Accessible to quantitative psychology researchers, this book introduces growth curve analysis (GCA) methods for applications in the behavioral sciences. It introduces the challenges involved with this type of data, discusses the basics of GCA, and explains how the methods can be used to analyze the data. The book takes a very practical approach, emphasizing visualization and keeping mathematical details to a minimum. It includes many real data examples from cognitive science and social psychology and integrates R code for the implementation of the methods"--
Understanding and applying basic statistical methods using R
Mathematical statistics with applications in R
Statistical rethinking : a Bayesian course with examples in R and Stan
Analyzing linguistic data : a practical introduction to statistics using R
Contingency table analysis : methods and implementation using R
Beginning R : the statistical programming language
An R and S-PLUS companion to multivariate analysis
An introduction to R : notes on R : a programming for data analysis and graphics, version 1.4.1
"Since the publication of his first book, Analysis of Financial Time Series, Ruey Tsay has become one of the most influential and prominent experts on the topic of time series. Different from the traditional and oftentimes complex approach to multivariate (MV) time series, this sequel book emphasizes structural specification, which results in simplified parsimonious VARMA modeling and, hence, eases comprehension. Through a fundamental balance between theory and applications, the book supplies readers with an accessible approach to financial econometric models and their applications to real-world empirical research. The book utilizes the freely available R software package to explore complex data and illustrate related computation and analyses in a user-friendly way. An author-maintained website features additional data sets in R, Matlab and Stata scripts so readers can create their own simulations and test their comprehension of the presented techniques"--
Spatial point patterns : methodology and applications with R
R in a nutshell
Applied spatial data analysis with R
Extending the linear model with R : generalized linear, mixed effects and nonparametric regression models
Doing Bayesian data analysis : a tutorial with R and BUGS
Introductory time series with R
Nonparametric statistical methods using R
Statistics for linguistics with R : a practical introduction
Statistical analysis of network data with R
Machine learning with R cookbook : explore over 110 recipes to analyze data and build predictive models with the simple and easy-to-use R code
This book is an introduction to statistics for linguists using the open source software R. It is aimed at students and professors with little or no statistical background, written in a non-technical and reader-friendly/accessible style, and covers the structure of quantitative studies, descriptive and analytical statistics, multifactorial approaches and simple statistical graphs.
Advanced R
There is an explosion of interest in Bayesian statistics, primarily because recently created computational methods have finally made Bayesian analysis obtainable to a wide audience. Doing Bayesian Data Analysis: A Tutorial with R, JAGS, and Stan provides an accessible approach to Bayesian data analysis, as material is explained clearly with concrete examples. The book begins with the basics, including essential concepts of probability and random sampling, and gradually progresses to advanced hierarchical modeling methods for realistic data. Included are step-by-step instructions on how to conduct Bayesian data analyses in the popular and free software R and WinBugs. This book is intended for first-year graduate students or advanced undergraduates. It provides a bridge between undergraduate training and modern Bayesian methods for data analysis, which is becoming the accepted research standard. Knowledge of algebra and basic calculus is a prerequisite.
Introduction to probability simulation and Gibbs sampling with R
Text analysis with R for students of literature
Automated Data Collection with R : a practical guide to web scraping and text mining
" Two common types of user interfaces in statistical computing are the command line interface (CLI) and the graphical user interface (GUI). The usual CLI consists of a textual console in which the user types a sequence of commands at a prompt, and the output of the commands is printed to the console as text. The R console is an example of a CLI. A GUI is the primary means of interacting with desktop environments, such as Windows and Mac OS X, and statistical software, such as JMP. GUIs are contained within windows, and resources, such as documents, are represented by graphical icons. User controls are packed into hierarchical drop-down menus, buttons, sliders, etc. The user manipulates the windows, icons, and menus with a pointer device, such as a mouse. The R language, like its predecessor S, is designed for interactive use through a command line interface (CLI), and the CLI remains the primary interface to R. However, the graphical user interface (GUI) has emerged as an effective alternative, depending on the specific task and the target audience. With respect to GUIs, we see R users falling into three main target audiences: those who are familiar with programming R, those who are still learning how to program, and those who have no interest in programming. On some platforms, such as Windows and Mac OS X, R has graphical front-ends that provide a CLI through a text console control. Similar examples include the multi-platform RStudioTM IDE, the Java-based JGR and the RKWard GUI for the Linux KDE desktop. Although these interfaces are GUIs, they are still very much in essence CLIs, in that the primary mode of interacting with R is the same. Thus, these GUIs appeal mostly to those who are comfortable with R programming"--
An R companion to applied regression
Exploring everyday things with R and Ruby
This book contains 6 parts providing step-by-step guides to create easily beautiful graphics using the R package ggplot2. The first part provides a quick introduction to R and to the ggplot2 plotting system. From part II to IV, we show how to create and customize several graph types including: density plots, ECDF, QQ plots, scatter plots, box plots, violin plots, dot plots, strip charts, line plots, bar plots and pie charts. Part V covers how to change graphical parameters including: main title and axis labels; legend titles, position and appearance; colors; point shapes, colors and size; line types; axis limits and transformations: log and sqrt; axis ticks : customize tick marks and labels; themes and background colors; text annotations; adding straight lines to a plot: horizontal, vertical and regression lines; rotating a plot; facets: split a plot into a matrix of panels; and coordinate systems. Part VI describes some extensions of ggplot2 including: arranging multiple graphs on the same page, correlation matrix visualization and survival curves.
R for data science : learn and explore the fundamentals of data science with R
"This book introduces you to R, RStudio, and the tidyverse, a collection of R packages designed to work together to make data science fast, fluent, and fun. Suitable for readers with no previous programming experience"
Bayesian computation with R
Production and efficiency analysis with R
Data science in R : a case studies approach to computational reasoning and problem solving
Introduction to scientific programming and simulation using R
Functional data analysis with R and Matlab
A beginner's guide to R
Applied econometrics with R
R for Excel Users : an introduction to R for Excel Analysts
Modern statistics for the social and behavioral sciences : a practical introduction
An introduction to R for spatial analysis and mapping
R in action : data analysis and graphics with R
Statistical computing in C++ and R
Ecological models and data in R
Multivariate nonparametric methods with R : an approach based on spatial signs and ranks
R for dummies
This book introduces using R for data mining. Data mining techniques are widely used in government agencies, banks, insurance, retail, telecom, medicine and research. Recently, there is an increasing tendency to do data mining with R, a free software environment for statistical computing and graphics. According to a poll by KDnuggets.com in early 2011, R is the 2nd popular tool for data mining work. By introducing using R for data mining, this book will have a broad audience from both academia and industry. It targets researchers in the field of data mining, postgraduate students.
"This edition introduces the advantages of the R environment, in a user-friendly format, to beginners and intermediate users in a range of disciplines, from science and engineering to medicine and economics"--
"Hugely successful and popular text presenting an extensive and comprehensive guide for all R users The R language is recognized as one of the most powerful and flexible statistical software packages, enabling users to apply many statistical techniques that would be impossible without such software to help implement such large data sets. R has become an essential tool for understanding and carrying out research.This edition: Features full colour text and extensive graphics throughout. Introduces a clear structure with numbered section headings to help readers locate information more efficiently. Looks at the evolution of R over the past five years. Features a new chapter on Bayesian Analysis and Meta-Analysis. Presents a fully revised and updated bibliography and reference section. Is supported by an accompanying website allowing examples from the text to be run by the user. Praise for the first edition:'...if you are an R user or wannabe R user, this text is the one that should be on your shelf. The breadth of topics covered is unsurpassed when it comes to texts on data analysis in R.' (The American Statistician, August 2008)'The High-level software language of R is setting standards in quantitative analysis. And now anybody can get to grips with it thanks to The R Book...' (Professional Pensions, July 2007) "--
Modern data science with R
Statistical software development : selected war stories
Discrete data analysis with R : visualization and modeling techniques for categorical and count data
Dynamic linear models with R
Statistical analysis of questionnaires : a unified approach based on R and Stata
Modern statistical methods allow the analyst to fit and assess models as well as to undertake supervised or unsupervised learning to extract information. Contemporary data science requires tight integration of these statistics, computing, data skills, mathematics and communication. The purpose of this book, which is intended for readers with some background in statistics and modest prior experience in scripting and programming, is to help them develop and practice the appropriate skills to tackle complex data science projects.
www.r4photobiology.info : R packages for photobiology
Probability and statistics with R
R for SAS and SPSS users
Nonparametric Statistical Methods Using R covers traditional nonparametric methods and rank-based analyses, including estimation and inference for models ranging from simple location models to general linear and nonlinear models for uncorrelated and correlated responses. The authors emphasize applications and statistical computation. They illustrate the methods with many real and simulated data examples using R, including the packages Rfit and npsm. The book first gives an overview of the R language and basic statistical concepts before discussing nonparametrics. It presents rank-based methods for one- and two-sample problems, procedures for regression models, computation for general fixed-effects ANOVA and ANCOVA models, and time-to-event analyses. The last two chapters cover more advanced material, including high breakdown fits for general regression models and rank-based inference for cluster correlated data.
Mixed effects models and extensions in ecology with R
Introductory statistics with R
Illustrates the details involved in solving real computational problems encountered in data analysis. It reveals the dynamic and iterative process by which data analysts approach a problem and reason about different ways of implementing solutions. The book’s collection of projects, comprehensive sample solutions, and follow-up exercises encompass practical topics pertaining to data processing, including: Non-standard, complex data formats, such as robot logs and email messages Text processing and regular expressions Newer technologies, such as Web scraping, Web services, Keyhole Markup Language (KML), and Google Earth Statistical methods, such as classification trees, k-nearest neighbors, and naïve Bayes Visualization and exploratory data analysis Relational databases and Structured Query Language (SQL) Simulation Algorithm implementation Large data and efficiency Suitable for self-study or as supplementary reading in a statistical computing course, the book enables instructors to incorporate interesting problems into their courses so that students gain valuable experience and data science skills. Students learn how to acquire and work with unstructured or semistructured data as well as how to narrow down and carefully frame the questions of interest about the data. Blending computational details with statistical and data analysis concepts, this book provides readers with an understanding of how professional data scientists think about daily computational tasks. It will improve readers’ computational reasoning of real-world data analyses.
The R book
Generalized additive models : an introduction with R
Machine learning for dummies
Using R for introductory econometrics
Doing Bayesian data analysis : a tutorial with R, JAGS, and Stan
R for data science : import, tidy, transform, visualize, and model data
Discovering statistics using R
Muste - the R implementation of Survo
Mastering text mining with R : master text-taming techniques and build effective text-processing applications with R
Nonlinear regression with R
Design and Analysis of Experiments with R presents a unified treatment of experimental designs and design concepts commonly used in practice. It connects the objectives of research to the type of experimental design required, describes the process of creating the design and collecting the data, shows how to perform the proper analysis of the data, and illustrates the interpretation of results. Drawing on his many years of working in the pharmaceutical, agricultural, industrial chemicals, and machinery industries, the author teaches students how to: •Make an appropriate design choice based on the objectives of a research project •Create a design and perform an experiment •Interpret the results of computer data analysis The book emphasizes the connection among the experimental units, the way treatments are randomized to experimental units, and the proper error term for data analysis. R code is used to create and analyze all the example experiments. The code examples from the text are available for download on the author’s website, enabling students to duplicate all the designs and data analysis.
Statistical modelling in R
Programming graphical user interfaces in R
Written as a tutorial to explore and understand the power of R for machine learning. This practical guide that covers all of the need to know topics in a very systematic way. For each machine learning approach, each step in the process is detailed, from preparing the data for analysis to evaluating the results. These steps will build the knowledge you need to apply them to your own data science tasks.Intended for those who want to learn how to use R's machine learning capabilities and gain insight from your data. Perhaps you already know a bit about machine learning, but have never used R; or.
Combining theory and applications, this book presents models and methods for the analysis of two- and multi-dimensional contingency tables. The author uses a threefold approach: fundamental models and related inferences are presented, their interpretational aspects are highlighted, and their practical usefulness is demonstrated. Throughout, practical guidance for using R is provided along with a comprehensive R-functions web-appendix. Contingency tables arise in diverse fields, including the life, pedagogic, social and political sciences. They also play a prominent role in market research and opinion surveys. The analysis of contingency tables can provide insight into essential structures, relevant quantities and their interactions, and thus leads to improved decision-making. Special features include: · A motivating example for each topic · Applications and implementations in R for all models discussed · Emphasis on association and symmetry models · Extensive bibliography · Up-to-date supplementary material available on the author's website An excellent reference for graduate students, researchers, and practitioners in statistics as well as in the biosciences and social sciences, Contingency Table Analysis may also be used as a supplementary textbook for courses on categorical data analysis with emphasis on special models for ordinal data. Prerequisites include basic background knowledge of statistical inference. --Provided by publisher.
Statistics : an introduction using R
Basic statistics : an introduction with R
Like the best-selling first two editions, A Handbook of Statistical Analyses using R, Third Edition provides an up-to-date guide to data analysis using the R system for statistical computing. The book explains how to conduct a range of statistical analyses, from simple inference to recursive partitioning to cluster analysis. New to the Third Edition * Three new chapters on quantile regression, missing values, and Bayesian inference * Extra material in the logistic regression chapter that describes a regression model for ordered categorical response variables * Additional exercises * More detailed explanations of R code * New section in each chapter summarizing the results of the analyses * Updated version of the HSAUR package (HSAUR3), which includes some slides that can be used in introductory statistics courses Whether you're a data analyst, scientist, or student, this handbook shows you how to easily use R to effectively evaluate your data. With numerous real-world examples, it emphasizes the practical application and interpretation of results.
R data analysis without programming
R data science essentials : learn the essence of data science and visualization using R in no time at all
Mathematical statistics with resampling and R
"This book prepares readers to analyze data and interpret statistical results using R more quickly than other texts. R is a challenging program to learn because code must be created to get started. To alleviate that challenge, Professor Gerbing developed lessR. LessR extensions remove the need to program. By introducing R through less R, readers learn how to organize data for analysis, read the data into R, and produce output without performing numerous functions and programming exercises first. With lessR, readers can select the necessary procedure and change the relevant variables without programming. The text reviews basic statistical procedures with the lessR enhancements added to the standard R environment. Through the use of lessR, R becomes immediately accessible to the novice user and easier to use for the experienced user. Highlights of the book include: Quick Starts that introduce readers to the concepts and commands reviewed in the chapters.Margin notes that highlight, define, illustrate, and cross-reference the key concepts. When readers encounter a term previously discussed, the margin notes identify the page number to the initial introduction. Scenarios that highlight the use of a specific analysis followed by the corresponding R/lessR input and an interpretation of the resulting output. Numerous examples of output from psychology, business, education, and other social sciences, that demonstrate how to interpret results. Two data sets, provided on the website and analyzed multiple times in the book, provide continuity throughout. End of chapter worked problems help readers test their understanding of the concepts.A website that features the lessR program, the book's data sets referenced in standard text and SPSS formats so readers can practice using R/lessR by working through the text examples and worked problems, PDF slides for each chapter, solutions to the book's worked problems, links to R/lessR videos to help readers better understand the program, and more. An ideal supplement for graduate or advanced undergraduate courses in statistics, research methods, or any course in which R is used, taught in departments of psychology, business, education, and other social and health sciences, this book is also appreciated by researchers interested in using R for their data analysis. Prerequisites include basic statistical knowledge. Knowledge of R is not assumed"--
Multiple comparisons using R
Using R for introductory statistics
Growth curve analysis and visualization using R
Analyzing compositional data with R
"Preface When one looks at a book with 'statistical computing' in the title, the expectation is most likely for a treatment of the topic that has close ties to numerical analysis. There are many texts written from this perspective that provide valuable resources for those who are actively involved in the solution of computing problems that arise in statistics. The presentation in the present text represents a departure from this classical emphasis in that it concentrates on the writing of code rather than the development and study of algorithms, per se. The goal is to provide a treatment of statistical computing that lays a foundation for original code development in a research environment. The advancement of statistical methodology is now inextricably linked to the use of computers. New methodological ideas must be translated into usable code and then numerically evaluated relative to competing procedures. As a result, many statisticians expend significant amounts of their creative energy while sitting in front of a computer monitor. The end products from the vast majority of these efforts are unlikely to be reflected in changes to core aspects of numerical methods or computer hardware. Nonetheless, they are modern statisticians that are (often very) involved in computing. This book is written with that particular audience in mind. What does a modern statistician need to know about computing? Our belief is that they need to understand at least the basic principles of algorithmic thinking. The translation of a mathematical problem into its computational analog (or analogs) is a skill that must be learned, like any other, by actively solving relevant problems"--
Prediction and interpolation of time series by state space models
This textbook introduces essential topics and techniques in production and efficiency analysis and shows how to apply these methods using the statistical software R. Numerous small simulations lead to a deeper understanding of random processes assumed in the models and of the behavior of estimation techniques. Step-by-step programming provides an understanding of advanced approaches such as stochastic frontier analysis and stochastic data envelopment analysis. The text is intended for master students interested in empirical production and efficiency analysis. Readers are assumed to have a general background in production economics and econometrics, typically taught in introductory microeconomics and econometrics courses.
R graphics cookbook
An introduction to statistical learning : with applications in R
