http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24350 phosphorylation
phosphorylation
MAPK-associated proteins in Arabidopsis thaliana
Catalytic core of respiratory chain NADH-ubiquin one oxidoreductase : roles of the ND1, ND6 and ND4L subunits and mitochondrial disease modelling in Escherichia coli
Effect of phosphorylation on SHARPIN function
A systems biology analysis of PP2A functions in cancer cells
Three proteins regulating integrin function : filamin, 14-3-3 and RIAM
Needles in a haystack : finding and characterizing protein phosphorylation sites that determine cellular decisions and functions
Catalytic core of respiratory chain NADH-ubiquinone oxidoreductase:roles of the ND1, ND6 and ND4L subunits and mitochondrial disease modelling in <em>Escherichia coli</em>
Role of vimentin phosphorylation in cell migration
Catalytic core of respiratory chain NADH-ubiquinone oxidoreductase : roles of the ND1, ND6 and ND4L subunits and mitochondrial disease modelling in Escherichia coli
PP2A : at the crossroads between growth and defence in plants
Mammalian Mat1 subunit of Transcription Factor IIH in gene-specific and general transcription
Rescue of cleft thorax in Drosophila melanogaster by alternative oxidase
The neuronal effects of Interleukin-18 : implications for Alzheimer's disease
Phosphoproteomic characterization of viral infection
Cellular physiology and cell-to-cell propagation of tau in neurodegeneration : the impact of late-onset Alzheimer's disease susceptibility genes
Regulation of the upstream stimulatory factor 2 (USF2) by phosphorylation
Three proteins regulating integrin function - filamin, 14-3-3 and RIAM
Thylakoid protein phosphorylation in regulation of photosynthesis
Simplified sample handling in mass spectrometry based protein research : focus on protein phosphorylation
Cleft thorax in Drosophila melanogaster is a morphogenetic defect caused by specific mutations in the pannier (pnr) and ultraspiracle (usp) genes or genes that are components of the JNK pathway. Alternative oxidase (AOX) is able to rescue this defect in certain causes. One hypothesis is that the activator protein 1 (AP-1) could be affected by AOX. The rescue effect of AOX is connected to its capability to decrease reactive oxygen species (ROS) production. The objective of this thesis was to study the effect of AOX on the JNK pathway and cleft thorax formation in Drosophila melanogaster. The purpose was to analyse whether cleft thorax caused by the knockdown of hep, bsk, d-Fos or d-Jun in pnr-expressing cells can be rescued by AOX. RNA interference (RNAi) was used to knockdown different genes of the JNK pathway in pnr-expressing cells and induce cleft thorax in Drosophila. After knockdown, rescue experiments were carried out to test if AOX is capable of rescuing cleft thorax caused by the silenced gene expression. AOX was introduced into the knockdown flies by crossing RNAi, UAS/GAL4 and AOX transgenic fly lines. Here we show that AOX was unable to rescue cleft thorax caused by d-Jun knockdown. Flies with the d-Jun knockdown in the pannier tissue could not complete metamorphosis and died at pupal stage. The same phenotype was observed with in the presence of AOX. Thus, AOX could not rescue the cleft thorax caused by gene knockdown within the JNK pathway. That AOX is unable to rescue the defect caused by the knockdown of these components indicates that these components could be interacting with AOX. In the future, experiments should focus on measuring the level of ROS production, particularly in the thorax, during different developmental stages by using an indicator stain for mitochondrial ROS production. It would also be interesting to discover other genes affecting AOX rescue of cleft thorax through use of RNA sequencing.
Comparison of the hepatic safety of catechol-O-methyltransferase inhibitors entacapone and tolcapone with special reference to uncoupling of oxidative phosphorylation
Prediction of phosphorylation sites from protein sequences
