http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24335 socialists
socialists
Norman Thomas : respectable rebel
In 1926, at the age of twenty, a trainee dentist called Bruno Langbehn joined the Nazi party. Growing up in a Germany that was impoverished and humiliated by the defeat of the First World War, Bruno was one of the first young men to sign up. This title traces Bruno's journey from disillusioned adolescent to SS Officer to mysterious grandfather.
The life of R.H. Tawney : socialism and history
The life-story of Margaret Storm Jameson (1891-1986), prolific novelist and political activist. In her time Jameson gained international recognition for her writing and for her wartime work as President of PEN, fighting for freedom and social justice while rescuing refugees from Nazi Europe and British internment camps.
Research into art looted by the nazis : an important international task
Karl Marx : a nineteenth-century life
The Young socialist : a magazine of justice & love
A new agenda for European development co-operation
A biography of the philosopher and political revolutionary describes his childhood and family life along with his public life as an agitator and dissident and compares him to his contemporaries.
Fascism or socialism? : the choice before us
Norman Thomas : the last idealist
Lithuanian social democracy in perspective, 1893-1914
Zilliacus : a life for peace and socialism
Individualism and socialism : an ethical survey of economic and political forces
Under the shadow of the swastika : the moral dilemmas of resistance and collaboration in Hitler's Europe
The history of the Lotta insignia and the swastika
James P. Cannon and the origins of the American revolutionary left, 1890-1928
The Word
Letters of the American socialist Albert Brisbane to K. A. Varnhagen von Ense
Margaret Storm Jameson : a life
Opposition of principles : the Finnish Socialist Workers' Party in parliament, 1922-1930
Cleansing the fatherland : Nazi medicine and racial hygiene
Venture : Journal of the Fabian Colonial Bureau
Aftermath : Martin Bormann and the fourth reich
The Woman today
Nazis in the Holy Land, 1933-1948
The Webbs, Fabianism and feminism : Fabianism and the political economy of everyday life
Adenauer's Germany and the Nazi past : the politics of amnesty and integration
Oral agitation through written sources : on the study of verbal performances of the early 20th century Finland
The Hungarian socialists' identity-crisis and use of history
James T. Farrell : the revolutionary socialist years
What future for the European Union? : the socialist group in dialogue with civil society
The tsarist secret police in Russian society, 1880-1917
The socialist legacy on Malcolm Island after the collapse of the utopian settlement of Sointula
The Russian Socialist Revolutionary Party before the First World War
The Marxist quarterly
The new spartans: the nazi cult at the Nuremberg party congress in 1936 seen through Finnish eyes
the revolution in the Baltic provinces of Russia : A brief account of the activity of the lettish social democratic workers' party
Men versus the man : a correspondence between Robert Rives La Monte, socialist, and H. L. Mencken, individualist
Democracy's prisoner : Eugene V. Debs, the great war, and the right to dissent
The Worker : official organ of the National minority movement
Karl Kautsky, 1854-1938 : Marxism in the classical years
Nazi women : Hitler's seduction of a nation
The Young socialist's magazine : for boys and girls
My apprenticeship
The Third Reich : the essential readings
Romantic revolutionary : a biography of John Reed
The Modern quarterly
The perfect Nazi : uncovering my grandfather's secret past and how Hitler seduced a generation
The Torch : Newspaper of The Young Peoples Socialist League
Lenin... : the train
William Morris : and the early days of the socialist movement
Revolutionary lives : Anna Strunsky & William English Walling
Weekly People : Anniversary dinner souvenir
Eugene V. Debs : citizen and socialist
Dissident Marxism : past voices for present times
