http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24303 battleships
battleships
Battle winning : tanks, aircraft & warships of world war II
The conway history of seafaring in the twentieth century
Izučenie pamâtnikov morskoj arheologii = Study on the maritime archaeology. 4
Witches abroad
Sea of swords
The century of warfare. Volume 3, Battlefleets and u-boats - naval warfare: 1914-1918 ; Ace high - air warfare: 1914-1918
HMS Victory : her construction, career and restoration
Rites of place : public commemoration in Russia and Eastern Europe
Rum & bones
The history of the world's warships
Lost warships : an archaeological tour of war at sea
The Roman republican navy : from the sixth century to 167 B.C
The armada
Battleships and carriers
The fighting Liberty ships : a memoir
The ship of the line Kronprins Gustav Adolf : a Swedish warship wrecked in 1788.
HMS Victory
Nelson's navy : the ships, men and organisation 1793-1815
Ship spotter's guide
Ship of destiny
Moby-Dick or, the whale
The treasure of the San José : death at sea in the War of the Spanish Succession
The world of Atlas of pirates : treasures and treachery on the seven seas, in maps, tall tales, and pictures
The illustrated encyclopedia of weapons of World War I : a comprehensive guide to weapons systems, including tanks, small arms, warplanes, artillery, ships and submarines
See inside pirate ships
Great Sea battles
A most fortunate ship : a narrative history of Old Ironsides
The world's merchant fleets, 1939 : the particulars and wartime fates of 6,000 ships
Warspite
Convoy : merchant sailors at war, 1939-1945
Attack and sink! : the battle for convoy SC42
Alex : the amazing juggler
American battleships 1886-1923 : predreadnought design and construction
The world's warships
The illustrated companion to Nelson's Navy
The illustrated directory of Warships from 1860 to the present day
German Light Cruisers 1939-45 (NVG 84)
HMS Victory : classic ships no 1 : their history and how to model them
John Paul Jones and the Bonhomme Richard : a reconstruction of the ship and an account of the battle with H.M.S. Serapis
The British battle fleet : its inception and growth throughout the centuries
The mad ship
A battle won
English summary: The dock workers of Turku (Åbo) : a study in industrial relations.
Sink the Bismarck!
The fighting at Jutland
The battle for Midway : the discovery of the U.S.S. Yorktown
The fourth service : merchantmen at war 1939-45
Warship. [Volume XXXV], 2013
German Destroyers 1939-45 (NVG 91)
The directory of the world's weapons
Warships
The next war in the air : Britain's fear of the bomber, 1908-1941
The Lusitania disaster : an episode in modern warfare and diplomacy
The century of warfare. Volume 10, The war at sea: 1939-1945 ; Air war: 1939-1945
U-boat bases and bunkers 1941-45
The destruction of the Bismarck
The world encyclopedia of battleships & cruisers : a complete illustrated history of international naval warships from 1860 to the present day, shown in over 1200 archive photographs includes comprehensive chronological directories of battleships and cruisers, featuring over 400 warships and their specifications
The ancient mariners
Althea Vestrit has found a new home aboard the liveship Ophelia, but she lives only to reclaim the Vivacia as her rightful inheritance. However, Vivacia has been captured by the pirate, 'King' Kennit, and is acquiring a keen bloodlust.
Pursuit : the chase and sinking of the Bismarck
H.M.S. London
Battle winning : tanks, aircraft and warships of the World War II
German pocket battleships 1939-45
Target Tirpitz : X-craft, agents and dambusters - the epic quest to destroy Hitler's mightiest warship
Robert Ballard's Bismarck
Sea battle with cannons : the coastal monitor revisited in simulations
Pirates : the secrets of Blackbeard's world
Chaos stalks the world as the war between Bingtown and Chalced escalates, Althea and Brashen cope with their blinded Liveship, and a powerful dragon, capable of untold destruction or redemption, appears. This volume concludes the tale of the Vestrit family, and their part in the history of the Liveship Traders, in a triumphant finale to a unique epic fantasy.
The map to everywhere
The rats and the ruling sea
City of thirst
Killing the Bismarck : destroying the pride of Hitler's fleet
The conquest of the ocean : the illustrated history of seafaring
Mare Balticum : the Baltic - two thousand years
