http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24396 criticism of consumerism
criticism of consumerism
Consumption and its consequences
Growth fetish
The revolution of everyday life
The society of the spectacle
End game : tipping point for planet Earth?
Eco-aesthetics : art, literature and architecture in a period of climate change
Now - after
Design for collaborative minds : a visual designers contribution to the collaborative consumption model [sic]
Phishing for phools : the economics of manipulation and deception
In this book, Mats Alvesson aims to demystify some popular and upbeat claims about a range of phenomena, including the knowledge society, consumption, branding, higher education, organizational change, professionalization, and leadership. He contends that a culture of grandiosity is leading to numerous inflated claims. We no longer talk about plans but strategies. Supervisors have been replaced by managers. Goods have become brands. Wealthy countries try to show that they are knowledge societies through mass higher education but with limited effect on real qualifications or qualified job opportunities for graduates. The book views the contemporary economy as an economy of persuasion, where firms and other institutions increasingly assign talent, energy, and resources to rhetoric, image, branding, reputation, and visibility. Using a wide range of empirical examples to illuminate the realms of consumption, higher education, organization, and leadership, this provocative and engaging book challenges established assumptions and contributes to a critical understanding of society as a whole.
Alternatives for economy : liberation from the straitjacket of "economy"
Buddha on Wall Street : what's wrong with capitalism and what we can do about it
Ariadne's thread
Thorstein Veblen in the twenty-first century : a commemoration of The theory of the leisure class (1899-1999)
The right to useful unemployment and its professional enemies
The Disneyization of society
The new old : a post fashion consumption practice
The middle mind : why consumer culture is turning us into the living dead
Thinking dead : what the zombie apocalypse means
End game : tipping point for planet Earth
Sokea vuosisata - synkkä tulevaisuus = A century of blindness - a grim future : Avoin puheenvuoro vapaan markkinatalouden umpikujasta - ihmislajin tuhoon? = A contribution to the discussion on the failure of the free market economy: will it mean the destruction of the human race?
The Theory of the Leisure Class
Designing thoughts into cultural plurality
Mcdonaldization : the reader
The more of less : finding the life you want under everything you own
Eco-business : a big-brand takeover of sustainability
Distinction : a social critique of the judgement of taste
Utopia : can we achieve it?
Good consumers? : normality and sustainability in consumer culture
Kingdom come
The literature of waste : material ecopoetics and ethical matter
Prosperity without growth : economics for a finite planet
5 - the dish
More of less : finding the life you want under everything you own
The Routledge handbook of tourism geographies
"Tracing the presence of material and metaphoric waste in the western canon, Morrison, arguing within a material ecocritical approach, proposes an ethical paradigm by which waste, compost, and gleaning aesthetics in poetry homeopathically heal"--
The impulse society : what's wrong with getting what we want
Consuming agency in fairy tales, childlore, and folkliterature
"Establishing the field of Waste Studies, a material ecocritical approach, The Literature of Waste traces literal and figurative waste in the western canon. The materiality of waste - as in landfills, trashcans, garbage dumps, compost piles - inevitably transforms into metaphor. Waste emerges out of various disciplines, such as anthropological codification, psychological repression of bodily decay, sociological civilizing process, historical garbaging of the past, economic conspicuous consumption, urban disposal of bodily waste, religious sin, and philosophical angst. Vibrant materialism disturbs the use of the metaphor of waste used to characterize people as disposable garbage. If we can read waste as possessing dynamic agency, how might that change the ethics of refuse-ing and ostracizing wasted humans? Poets, the ragpickers of litter-ature, cure homeopathically. Waste, Compost, and Gleaning Aesthetics acknowledge the poignancy of materiality by revealing the humanity we share. "--
How to turn your addiction to prescription drugs into a successful art career : formerly released as "How I turned my fear of waitressing and other three-dollar-an-hour jobs into a glamourous international career"
Joyful participation in new ways of designing and making clothes : enabling person-product attachment to potentially reduce unnecessary consumption
Hands-on urbanism 1850-2012 : the right to green
The selfish society : how we all forgot to love one another and made money instead
Culture jam : how to reverse America's suicidal consumer binge - and why we must
The rebel sell : how the counterculture became consumer culture
No logo : no space, no choice, no jobs : taking aim at the brand bullies
Farewell to growth
The secret war between downloading and uploading : tales of the computer as culture machine
The consumer trap : big business marketing in American life
The triumph of emptiness : consumption, higher education, and work organization
Stuffocation : living more with less
The dismal science : how thinking like an economist undermines community
Ecofeminism
Scarcity and modernity
The theory of the leisure class
Social-specificity in practice
Prosperity without growth ; economics for a finite planet
Thomas Hirschhorn
Beyond terror : the truth about the real threats to our world
By moving beyond traditional aesthetic categories (beauty, the sublime, the religious), Eco-Aesthetics takes an inter-disciplinary approach bridging the arts, humanities and social sciences and explores what aesthetics might mean in the 21st century. It is one in a series of new, radical aesthetics promoting debate, confronting convention and formulating alternative ways of thinking about art practice. There is no doubt that the social and environmental spheres are interconnected but can art and artists really make a difference to the global environmental crisis? Can art practice meaningfully contribute to the development of sustainable lifestyles? Malcolm Miles explores the strands of eco-art, eco-aesthetics and contemporary aesthetic theories, offering timely critiques of consumerism and globalisation and, ultimately, offers a possible formulation of an engaged eco-aesthetic for the early 21st century.
The rebel sell : why the culture can't be jammed
Nature for sale : the commons versus commodities
