http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2439 business
business
Boards of directors under public ownership : a comparative perspective
Exploring management across the world : selected readings
Digital Innovation Playbook : creating a transformative customer experience
Doing business in China
Handbook of research on sport and business
A Business continuity management maturity model : the search for an ISO 22301 Compliant BCM Maturity model
Out of our minds : learning to be creative
The business of veterinary practice
Risk analysis and security countermeasure selection
Ireland : land of opportunity for investment, business, residence, and retirement
What no one ever tells you about blogging and podcasting : real-life advice from 101 people who successfully leverage the power of the blogosphere
Towards conceptually comprehensive and integrated theory of entrepreneurial opportunity
Public utilities in American capitalism
Solution business model for energy efficiency
Leap : a revolution in creative business strategy
Operation mode strategy in South Korean R&D ecosystem : case: VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland
Islam and business : cross-cultural and cross-national perspectives
The business of sharing : making it in the new sharing economy
DRIVE YOUR IDEA TO ENTREPRENEURIAL SUCCESS
In "Design for Services", Anna Meroni and Daniela Sangiorgi articulate what Design is doing and can do for services, and how this connects to existing fields of knowledge and practice. Designers previously saw their task as the conceptualisation, development and production of tangible objects. In the twenty-first century, a designer rarely 'designs something' but rather 'designs for something': in the case of this publication, for change, better experiences and better services. The authors reflect on this recent transformation in the practice, role and skills of designers, by organising their book into three main sections. The first section links "Design for Services" to existing models and studies on services and service innovation. Section two presents multiple service design projects to illustrate and clarify the issues, practices and theories that characterise the discipline today; using these case studies the authors propose a conceptual framework that maps and describes the role of designers in the service economy. The final section projects the discipline into the emerging paradigms of a new economy to initiate a reflection on its future development.
Business Plan for a Record Company
Humor in Business : an Indian Subcontinent Perspective
Do skills predict profits? : a study of successful entrepreneurship
The leisure business and lifestyle
Socially Driven Business – Theory & Practice : Lessons learnt from the TAMK Consulting Academy - ProLearning collaboration for social business
Industrial policy for national champions
Trade Mindfully : achieve your optimum trading performance with mindfulness and cutting edge psychology
International business : the new realities
Creative people must be stopped : 6 ways we kill innovation (without even trying)
The handbook of communication and corporate social responsibility
The Asian insider : unconventional wisdom for Asian business
BALTIC REGION DEVELOPMENT AND THE STRUCTURE OF BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT IN LITHUANIA
Microbusiness : A new social business model to alleviate poverty in developing countries?
Group buying customer satisfaction survey - a quantitative research study based on Chinese customers’ perspectives
A bite-sized guide to Chinese business manners
"Any business looking to succeed in today's and tomorrow's global, digital economy must innovate. Innovation showcases the pioneers who have broken the mould and led the pack in every field from business and technology to food, fashion, culture and healthcare. It highlights the common denominators linking these highly creative people, such as their compunction to tell their truth; their entrepreneurial instincts; and their fierce protection of their 'brands'. Innovation draws on exclusive interviews with nearly 100 people who have pushed aside the boundaries in their field. It presents the inside track on who's done what, how they did it, what drives them on, and why innovation is so critical to individuals, businesses and to society as a whole. Most importantly, it will empower you and your business to be more innovative too"--
Business passport to Japan
Renowned entrepreneurship scholar Robert D. Hisrich provides insights into the venture creation process, as well as the entrepreneur as a person. He outlines the characteristics, motivations and decision making process of the entrepreneur in different settings (including businesses, government organizations and non-profits/social enterprises) to provide a comprehensive understanding of the individual who creates a new venture.
Business management in Ireland : competitive strategy for the 21st century
Small business enterprise : an economic analysis
There is a paradox. As children, most of us think we are highly creative; as adults many of us think we are not. What changes as children grow up? Organizations across the globe are competing in a world that is changing faster than ever. They say they need people who can think creatively, who are flexible and quick to adapt. Too often they say they can't find them. Why not? In this provocative and inspiring book Ken Robinson addresses three questions: [1] Why is it essential to promote creativity? Business leaders, politicians and educators emphasize the vital importance of promoting creativity and innovation. Why does it matter so much? [2] What is the problem? Why do so many people think they are not creative? Young children are buzzing with ideas. What happens as we grow up and go through school to make us think we are not creative? [3] What can be done about it? What is creativity? What can companies, schools and organizations do to develop creativity and innovation in a deliberate and systematic way? In this extensively revised and updated version of his bestselling classic, Out of Our Minds, Ken Robinson offers a groundbreaking approach to understanding creativity in education and in business. He argues that people and organizations everywhere are dealing with problems that originate in schools and universities and that many people leave education with no idea at all of their real creative abilities. Out of Our Minds is a passionate and powerful call for radically different approaches to leadership, teaching and professional development to help us all to meet the extraordinary challenges of living and working in the 21st century. -- taken from dust jacket.
The business analyst's handbook
The effectiveness of aid in improving regulations : empirical evidence and the drivers of change in Rwanda
Your business: make it work for you
Foreign direct investment from Finland to Russia : Hydroline case research
Executive coach and psychologist Marshall Goldsmith discusses the emotional triggers that set off a reaction or a behavior in us that often works to our detriment. Do you find that at times you suddenly become defensive or enraged by an idle comment from a colleague? Or that your temper rises when another car cuts you off in traffic? Your reactions don't occur in a vacuum. They are the result of emotional and psychological triggers that often happen only in specific settings -- at meetings, or in competitive situations, or with a specific person who rubs you the wrong way, or when you feel under particular pressure. Being able to recognize those triggers and understand how the environment affects our behavior is key to controlling our responses and managing others at work and in life. Make no mistake -- change is hard. And the starting point is the willingness to accept help, and the desire to change. Over the course of this book, Marshall explores the power of active questions to get us to take responsibility for our actions -- and our failure to act. Questions such as "Did I do my best to make progress toward my goal?" "Did I work hard at being fully engaged?" He discusses the importance of structure in effecting permanent change. Because, he points out, change is hard, and without a structure to keep us on track, we inevitably relapse and fall back. Filled with stories from Marshall's work with executives and leaders, Triggers shows readers how to achieve meaningful and sustained change that will allow us to open our imaginations and escape the rigidity of binary thinking.
Managing customer relationships during different phases of business cycles : The case Outotec
Lithuania : a businessman's handbook
Adoption of E-commerce in Nigerian Businesses : A Change from Traditional to E-commerce Business Model in Richbol Environmental Services Limited
Enhancing organizational business process perception : experiences from constructing and applying a dynamic business simulation game
Current status and upcoming needs in SME's in Northern regions of Finland, Norway and Sweden : technologies, personnel, market and ICT in the business process
Profits with principles : seven strategies for delivering value with values
Digital decisions : how digital signage networks generate profit
Collective creativity for resbonsible and sustainable business practice
Little Beach Street Bakery
The disaster recovery handbook : a step-by-step plan to ensure business continuity and protect vital operations, facilities, and assets
Towards information security ontology in business networks
Being Right or Making Money
Abstract: Creating formula for successful entrepreneurial venture.
Creating desired futures : how design thinking innovates business
Business continuity for dummies
The book of business awesome : how engaging your customers and employees can make your business thrive
Enhancing business-to-business relationship through value co-creation in traditional business sector : A case of building services engineering
Combi2011 : conference proceedings
A bivariate autoregressive probit model : predicting U.S. business cycle and growth rate cycle recessions
Business clusters : an international perspective
The new economy and traditional industries: The case of pulp and paper industry
Design for services
Development of Business Idea Based On Marketing Analysis Case: Jia Le Yuan Group Co., Ltd
The business of sport management
Triggers : sparking positive change and making it last
Waste management and recycling study in Namibia : case study of Keetmanshoop and Ondangwa
VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland helps their clients to create more competit - ive business using information technology. They offer their services especially in the fields of IT sector, heavy machinery and health care. They also operate closely with research organisations and units in Korea.    VTT has an office in South Korea. The purpose of the office is to co-research with Korean public sector and research as a service for Korean clients. The office has been operating for six years with the current mode. Being present at the target market is important to VTT but more research needs to be done.    This thesis tries to answer a question about what is the most optimal foreign operation mode strategy for VTT and what is the best way to execute it. Korean R&D ecosystem is dynamic and changes rapidly which is the reason for the new internal approach.    The study helps VTT to develop their Korean operations but also giving their Finnish and Korean stakeholders more value. It helps to map out the key players in the Korean ecosystem and build VTT well-functioning and efficient operation mode strategy.    Goal is to improve co-operation with stakeholders so it would be more systematic and getting partners would be easier. Open and connected operation will help VTT to commit their counterparts to achieving common goals.    Research was conducted as a narrative operational research where interviews took place at the same space with the interviewees. Interviews were held in South Korea and participants who took part of the research were experts from different research organisations, intermediaries and companies operating in Korea. Keywords: foreign operation mode, contractual mode, mode switching, mode stretching, mode combination, South Korea.
Sustainability issues in the road map for Finnish companies to the Indian algal biofuel market
Assessing the resource usage decisions and financial performance in Finnish sawmills within the resource-based view framework
Innovation in a reinvented world : 10 essential elements to succeed in the new world of business
An introduction to business and industry
Business essentials
Competitive tendering : management and reality - achieving value for money
Chinas rational entrepreneurs : the development of the new private business sector
Business finance for managers : an essential guide to planning, control and decision making
You think you are doing well? : become a winner with customer centric process leadership
Outsourcing as a tool in strengthening the business functions in a multi-national company : case study: Nextrom oy
Tracking strategies : toward a general theory
International management : the voice of European business
Tiivistelmä: Creating formula for successful entrepreneurial venture.
Value-creation and networking in coopetition and public value management : the two challenging complementing frameworks of management studies
Management, education and competitiveness : Europe, Japan and the United States
Exploring corporate strategy
Unsubscribe : how to kill email anxiety, avoid distractions and get real work done
LEXPO '93 : legal and financial aspects of doing business in India and the U.S
The political economy of corporate responsibility in India
English abstract.
The serious unreal : notes on business and frivolity
Concept modeling in multidisciplinary research environment
Information society and modern business : selected proceedings of international scientific conference, January 31 - February 1, 2003, Ventspils University College
Case histories in business ethics
Packaging design : successful product branding from concept to shelf
Instructor's Resource Manual Management : concepts, practices, and skills
The strategic planning workbook
The end of business as usual : rewire the way you work to succeed in the consumer revolution
Managing inter@ctively : executing business strategy, improving communication, and creating a knowledge-sharing culture
Entrepreneurial competences and business performance in Nigeria : the role of entrepreneurial competences on business performance and growth / Stephen Adegbite
Serial innovators : firms that change the world
Starting up your professional service enterprise : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Advanced introduction to entrepreneurship
The Development of Haian Machinery Manufacturing Co. Ltd in the Internationalization
B.O.O.M : business object-oriented modeling for business analyst
Fair Trade Between Uruguay and Finland : Business Opportunities
Evaluation of Business Opportunities in Energy Industry in Northwest Russia. Case: CTS Engtec Oy
Many faces of innovation : from literature synthesis to empirical studies
Competence assessment of Finnish companies in Russia
Tattoo- and Piercing Business
The business solution to poverty : designing products and services for three billion new customers
The smart entrepreneur : how to build for a successful business
The idea in you : how to find it, build it, and change your life
Mastering business planning and strategy : the power of strategic thinking
Developing social capital within companies throught enterprise 2.0
Collaborate : the art of we
Business ethics and virtue : on Robert C. Solomon's many ways of being ethical
Developing and testing a prototype tool to track and measure Co-creation activity
Creating formula for successful entrepeneurial venture
STROI-network : business networks in Russia : intermediate report 2008
Management quality and competitiveness : lessons from the industrial excellence award
The Concept of Market Opportunity Driving Competence : Company X
Anatomy of a business plan : a step-by-step guide to building a business and securing your company's future
Growth problems of small companies owned by Russians in Finland
Learning to fly : practical lessons from one of the world's leading knowledge companies
Making sense of innovation management
Innovation playbook : a revolution in business excellence
Retail therapy : making strategic relationships work
Creativity and business workbook : practical tools for business development in the creative sector
500+ sample business plans
The things that really matter about buying a franchise
Writing a successful business plan
A Business Plan of Teahouse in Helsinki, Finland
Business creativity : breaking the invisible barriers
" Businesses looking to succeed in the digital, global economy must innovate to survive, and !nnovation highlights the pioneers who have broken the mold and led the pack in every field, from IT to food, fashion to healthcare. Innovation expert, Kim Chandler McDonald underlines the common denominators linking these highly creative people, such as their compulsion to tell their truth, unpalatable or not, their entrepreneurial instincts and their steadfast protection of their brands. This book offers: --understanding of innovation as a mindset rather than a process --insight on how to start thinking like an innovator and into how this can assist them with their own careers and goals --knowledge of how to cultivate innovation in their own team, department or business --personal accounts from international innovators !nnovation showcases interviews with over 100 people who have pushed aside the boundaries in their field, such as: Matt Flannery, CEO/Co-Founder of Kiva, the microfinancing organization working to alleviate poverty; author Seth Godin; Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh; Digital Royalty CEO Amy Jo Martin; and Chief Innovation Officer at the marketing agency MDC Partners, Faris Yakob. Chandler McDonald finds out what drives these successful innovators, what makes innovations take off and why innovation is so critical to individuals, economies and to society as a whole"--
Creativity in business
Introduction to Management Science
Latvian business guide
China business
International business : Adjusting to new challenges and opportunities
In a series of articles specifically commissioned for this volume, some of today's most In a series of articles specifically commissioned for this volume, some of today's most distinguished business ethicists survey the main areas of interest and concern in the field of business ethics. Sections of the book cover topics such as the often uneasy relationship between business ethics and capitalism, the link between business ethics and ethical theory, how ethics applies to specific problems in the business world, the connection between business ethics and related academic disciplines, and the practice of business ethics in modern corporations.The book can be used as a comprehensive text for introductory or advanced courses in business ethics, as a reference for teachers and writers in the field, or as a guide for other academic or business persons who wish to become familiar with the central issues in the field. To enhance its usefulness, the volume includes bibliographies of the relevant literature and a list of internet sources for material on business ethics, and an extensive index.
International business : text and cases
Business intelligence viewpoint on managerial decision-making : Ill-structured problems and decision support systems
Small Business Act in practice in the Baltic Sea states
Doing business with Japan : successful strategies for intercultural communication
Business networks in e-commerce internationalization : two Finnish companies targeting Russia
Business to business marketing : recent developments, new challenges : 211th ESOMAR Seminar, Vienna (Austria), April 1997
Graphic Design Business : Essentials to Focus Upon When Starting a One-Person Graphic Design Business
Franchising & licensing : two powerful ways to grow your business in any economy
Update of Giga-Vamos : technology roadmap
The mom test : how to talk to customers & learn if your business is a good idea when everyone is lying to you
Change management in business process re-engineering
Doing business in Lithuania : law and tax guide
Corporate communications : a comparison of Japanese and American practices
Linking project management to business strategy
Cost accounting methods for construction projects in North-West Russia : case study Pöyry CM Oy
Business continuity management : in practice
Russian regional business review
Cooperatives as a tool for poverty reduction and promoting business in Tanzania
The definitive business plan : the fast-track to intelligent business planning for executives and entrepreneurs
Product lifecycle management
The dictionary of music business terms
Sustainability in the hospitality industry : principles of sustainable operations
Modern Management : Diversity, Quality, Ethics, and the Global Environment
Applied business ethics
European business
The objective of this thesis is to explore humor in Indian Subcontinent. It is known that Humor is different in culture, age, time and situation. European people occasionally do not understand Indian Subcontinent humor vice versa. World becomes a global village. Humor may become international over the world. Companies may use humorous messages to communicate with their customers. It is perceptible in Television, You Tube etc. Young generations may expect humorous and relaxing working environment. So humor is very much significant for both internal and external marketing communication. For this thesis, both secondary and primary data was collected from different sources. Primary data was collected through questionnaires and interviews of 25 respondents. The research work was an exploratory qualitative research work. Indian people make fun with their friends, co-workers and relatives. So it may be vital to practice more humor while doing business in Indian Subcontinent. Executives need to manage the age, religion, society, culture, time, situation and environmental factors before making humor in business. Right humor at right time in right condition can build a successful business deal. Generally Indian Subcontinent people use numerous humor tools in their daily life such as Anecdotal, Black/Dark/Morbid, Deadpan/Dry, Farcical, Hyperbolic, Ironic, Mordant, Parodic, Satirical, Screwball, Self-deprecating, Situational and Slapstick humor. Humor helps to target people, motivate employees and driving them to achieve organizational goals, reduce tiredness, monotony, boredom, improve business communications, relationships, increase trust and rapport, better morale, sales and productivity, and also improve overall effectiveness and efficiency of the workers. Right humor at right time in right situation can end up with a successful business negotiation in Indian Subcontinent.
Business Plan of Asian House Restaurant
Perspectives of Expanding Business into Russia
Potential of Ecotourism in Finland
MASTER DATA QUALITY IN ERP DEPLOYMENT PROJECTS : CASE SAP
The complete guide to direct marketing
!nnovation : how innovators think, act and change our world
A clear understanding of the issues surrounding climate change, global warming, air and water pollution, ozone depletion, deforestation, the loss of biodiversity and global poverty is essential for every manager in the hospitality industry. Present and future hospitality executives need to know how sustainable management systems can be integrated into their businesses while maintaining and hopefully improving the bottom line. "Sustainability in the Hospitality Industry" explores innovative ways to tackle the ever increasing costs of energy and water as well as the moral, ethical, social and political arguments for taking action. This book uses case studies throughout to explore the following key issues: How can hospitality properties and equipment be designed to use less resources? What are the benefits of using more sustainable food and beverage sources? How can environmental impacts be reduced and profitability increased? How can properties integrate sustainability management systems and stay one step ahead of the competition? How can the reputation of a hospitality operation be improved to attract investment by incorporating responsible marketing and corporate social responsibility policies? "Sustainability in the Hospitality Industry" contains stimulating new ideas, solutions, and strategies essential to every student and professional in the hospitality industry. Philip Sloan is from the department of Hospitality Management, International University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef, Bonn, Germany. Willy Legrand is from the Department of Hospitality Management, International University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef, Bonn, Germany. Joseph S. Chen is from the department of Recreation, Park and Tourism Studies, Indiana University, Bloomington, USA. It includes: revealing and refreshing ideas for the neglected area of sustainability in hospitality management; presents viable strategies for saving energy and promoting a positive image for hotel managers, restaurant managers and other hospitality providers; demonstrates principles with case studies from industry and chain hotels; and, stimulates new solutions and strategies to tackle the problem of increasing energy costs and to help alleviate pressure from environmental groups.
Cost allocation and cross subsidies
The studio business book
The innovation illusion : how so little is created by so many working so hard
Starting up : archieving success with professional business planning
Development of Raflatac business in Indonesia
Strengthening farmer-led economic activities and agribusiness through producer organizations in Zambia : a country specific study of Zambia for the farmers fighting poverty : producers' organizations support programme
The role of management control systems in the strategic management of a project business company : a case study on a project-based company implementing a value sales strategy
CBI European business handbook
Hit the ground running : doing micro business training in South Africa
Serious money : how to make and enjoy it
Essays on franchising in Finland : empirical findings on franchisors and franchisees, and their relationships
Negotiating genuinely : being yourself in business
Meet me at the cupcake cafe
Business model viability of Galileo Commercial Service
Innovation development to new business in incumbent firms : a case study on the pharmaceutical companies in Finland
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
The roles of information systems in a value net
What they'll never tell you about the music business : the myths, the secrets, the lies (& a few truths)
The Secure online business handbook : e-Commerce, IT functionality, & business continuity
Environmental sustainability in North European hotel business
Controlling corruption in Asia and the Pacific : papers presented at the 4th Regional Anti-Corruption Conference of the ADB/OECD Anti-Corruption Initiative for Asia and the Pacific, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, 3-5 December 2003
Business documents of the Hammurapi period from the British Museum
Profit, prudence and virtue
Handbook of research on complexity
Global latinas : Latin Americas emerging multinationals
The implications of culture in business and the Cultural dimensions of Finland and India : A study of cultural Dimensions
See, feel, think, do : the power of instinct in business
Essays on electronic business models and their evaluation
Business Opportunities of Solar Photovoltaic Home Systems in Vietnam : case study: FOSERA Co. Ltd.
Business Research Methods
Improving public enterprise performance : concepts and techniques
Jamming : the art and discipline of business creativity
Management, education and competitiveness : Eurooppa, Japan and the United States
A Calculation Model of Service Business Potential –  Case LKI Käldman Ltd.
Service business development in small and medium-sized enterprises (SME) : a case study on methods and tools enhancing SMEs̕' transformation to service dominant business logic
A bite-sized guide for Finnish SME companies operating in China
Multidisciplinary approach to develop energy efficiency in the Barents region
Market Research into the willingness of Finnish companies to outsource their operations
Introduction to global business : understanding the international environment and global business functions
A companion to business ethics
Expanding business in Spain : Case: Mystery shopping service provider Company X
The value of arts for business
E-business and e-commerce for managers
Evaluation of business effects of machine-to-machine system
Solution Delivery Capability Creation
For business ethics : a critical approach
How the mighty fall : and why some companies never give in
Overcome psychological obstacles to increase trading success Successful traders need to be well-versed and skilled in a wide range of business and economic areas. But now, in addition to effective trading strategies and sound money management techniques, traders need to possess the know-how to handle the mental and emotional challenges of working in a highly volatile environment. Excellence in Trading is a unique resource that applies cutting-edge psychological techniques to trading skills, allowing readers to improve their mental outlooks and maximize the potential of their trading strategies.
An unAmerican business : the rise of the new European enterprise
How to plan and operate a restaurant
Production and Operations Management
Handbook of service science
The night club industry in Helsinki
Research about Flea Market : Case Oranssi Kirppis in Varkaus
Ethical boundaries of capitalism
Business research methods
Nordic journal of business
The importance of emotions in business markets : Ways to improve business relationships with emotional experience
A guide to business in Lithuania
Business growth acceleration framework
Electronic commerce : principles and practice
