http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24315 cultural export
cultural export cultural exportation
Law and the cultural heritage. Vol. 3, The movement
"K-Pop: Popular Music, Cultural Amnesia, and Economic Innovation in South Korea seeks at once to describe and explain the emergence of export-oriented South Korean popular music and to make sense of larger South Korean economic and cultural transformations. John Lie provides not only a history of South Korean popular music--the premodern background, Japanese colonial influence, post-Liberation American impact, and recent globalization--but also a description of K-pop as a system of economic innovation and cultural production. In doing so, K-Pop delves into the broader background of South Korea that gave rise to K-pop in this wonderfully informed history and analysis of a pop culture phenomenon sweeping the globe"--Provided by publisher.
A Finnish company's entry to Hungarian markets
As the world spins : short term changes in international clusters
K-pop : popular music, cultural amnesia, and economic innovation in South Korea
International marketing : a cultural approach
Best practices in international business
Books and boats : Sino-Japanese relations in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
Creative economy report 2008 : the challenge of assessing the creative economy : towards informed policy-making
Cultural offensive : America's impact on British art since 1945
International consumer behavior : its impact on marketing strategy development
Woven cargoes : Indian textiles in the East
Global marketing : an interactive approach
Facing challenges in exporting to Poland : case study: Environics Oy
International Business is an authoritative and engaging voice on conducting business in international markets. This text not only describes the ideas of international business but it also uses contemporary examples, scenarios, and cases to help students effectively put theory into practice. This edition features updated author-written cases, including ten entirely new cases, and expanded coverage on emerging economies.
Through a screen darkly : popular culture, public diplomacy, and America's image abroad
The state of the art : cultural diplomacy in France and Finland
National relations : public diplomacy, national identity and the Swedish Institute 1945-1970
Culture export project : survey for the Kaustinen Folk Arts Centre
In an increasingly interconnected global business environment, it is crucial that marketers recognise how a better understanding of cultural differences can help improve performance. Marketing Across Cultures examines how multinational companies can appreciate and adapt to international diversity. By comparing national marketing systems with local commercial customs, Usunier and Lee use a cross-cultural approach that provides essential information on how marketing strategies can be implemented in different national contexts. Full of up-to-date examples, numerous illustrations and using clear language, this text will guide students through key cultural marketing issues.
Mastering global markets : strategies for today's trade globalist
Interest of small and medium sized companies in exporting to Russia : survey for Kokkolanseudun Kehitys Oy
Boosting Music Exports : How could the music export office develop the exports of the independent music scene in the Czech Republic?
Marketing across cultures
Make more sales with better presentations : the essential guide for Finns doing business abroad
International business : competing in the global marketplace
Museums and Europe 1992
American popular culture as import and export
An American's guide to doing business in China : negotiating contracts and agreements, understanding culture and customs, marketing products and services
Export licensing for cultural goods : procedures and guidance for exporters of works of art and other cultural goods : a Department of National Heritage Notice
International marketing : an SME perspective
United in diversity : cultural policy and its dimensions
Finnish construction export to Russia : factors affecting the export perfomance
The creative industries : culture and policy
The origins of the modern Chinese press : the influence of the Protestant missionary press in late Qing China
Challenges in roundwood trade between Finland and Russia : a cultural approach
Cross-cultural business behavior : marketing, negotiating and managing across cultures
Music export from Helsinki to Berlin and vice versa : case study: Face of God and Ill Kommodity
Handbook of national regulations concerning the export of cultural property
The quantitative research suffered from low response rate which could be to some extent explained with French cultural characteristics and a too direct method of approach. This research provides the commissioning company and the reader with preliminary information on the Paris target market. Therefore, this research should be followed by a more comprehensive qualitative research emphasizing the differences between the two cultures. The research on cultural differences is never fully completed, so one must educate himself on a continuous basis.
International sales of works of art
France as an export market for SMES : Survey of North Karelian companies
Cultural treasures moved because of the war - a cultural legacy of the Second World War documentation and research on losses : documentation of the international meeting in Bremen (3-.11.-2.12.1994)
International marketing strategy
Russia's potential in the 21st century
International business negotiations
The playing Finn : stories on successful game development and music export
Global marketing : foreign entry, local marketing and global marketing
Creating and developing contacts to potential export organizations based in Paris
International marketing relationships
Global business today
Global marketing : foreign entry, local marketing and global management
Human-centric modelling of construction technology transfer for international operations
International marketing
Creative industries : Russian profile
The DO's and taboos of international trade : a small business primer
Exporting American architecture, 1870-2000
International business : environments and operations
"Literary gifts in small packages" : a case of cultural image-making
Market entry and business development strategies in Estonia : four Finnish case studies
How Important Is Knowledge of the Culture Environment When Evaluating Potential Export Markets? Empirical Results from a Sample of Experienced U.S. Exporters
Doing business in emerging Europe
Sarjakuva vientiartikkelina : [FINEST-sarjakuvaprojektin raportti] = Koomiks kui ekspordiartikkel : [FINEST koomiksiprojekti raport] = Comics as an export article : [the report of the FINEST comics project] / [teksti = tekst = text: Kadri Kaljurand]
Global marketing management : a European perspective
This is a product - oriented thesis. The aim is to conclude a guidebook about music export for young bands that are interested in playing a show abroad. The project: Music export from Helsinki to Berlin and vice versa. Case study: Face of God and Ill Kommodity, was used to learn from the praxis. The thesis describes the responsibilities of the project manager and brings project management and event planning together. The music export history of Finland and Germany is taken in consideration and a closer look into media relations, funding, networking and marketing theories is provided. The project is a culture exchange between a German and a Finnish band. They switch the music market and share their networking contacts. Both bands are performing two concerts abroad and gathering attention from the media. Tough Enough Promotion is the commissioner of this thesis and the concluded music export guide got establish for the company to implement future music export projects. The book will guide young bands through the challenges of internationalization and gives recommendations on music export. The music export guide is the result of the project that got intensively studied and evaluates the theories for the praxis.
