http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24346 energy industry
energy industry
Wind power business in the Middle East and North Africa : market analysis through supply chain and marketing perspectives
An energetic model linking forest industry and ecosystems
Technological Research for a Better Future : The 4th Research Forum between Changzhou University and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Principles of woodcutting machinists' work
Applied energy : an introduction
Coal, commerce and communism : empirical studies on energy history in the Czech republic
Wood torrefaction : market prospects and integration with the forest and energy industry
Energy economics : concepts, issues, markets and governance
New aspects of energy utilization in the paper industry : experimental and theoretical work
Offshore expertise employed in alternative energy sector
On value creation at an industrial intersection : bioenergy in the forest and energy sectors
Delivering energy law and policy in the EU and the US : a reader
Essays in the demand for energy in Finnish manufacturing
Liquefied natural gas : the law and business of LNG
Energy security : managing risk in a dynamic legal and regulatory environment
Learning from experiences with energy management in industry
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
The natural gas revolution : at the pivot of the world's energy future
European energy law report. 10
Sustainability assessment of renewables-based products : methods and case studies
Rooftop revolution : how solar power can save our economy and our planetfrom dirty energy
International experiences in Eco-industrial parks
It is the Sámi who own this land : sacred landscapes and oral histories of the Jokkmokk Sámi
English for the energy industry
Heat, power and light : revolutions in energy services
Wind energy 2004 : market survey
Biotechnical methods for improvement of energy economy in mechanical pulping
Finnish advanced energy systems r&d : programme review 1990
Regional energy initiatives : MedReg and the energy community
Iran's natural gas industry in the post-revolutionary period : optimism, scepticism, and potential
Conditions and prospects for increasing forest yield in northern Europe
Market Analysis of Environmentally Friendly Celulose Insulation Material in the Construction Business in Srinagar, India
How to succeed with a thousand TWH reform? : restructuring the Russian power sector
Building a successful biodiesel business : technology considerations, developing the business, analytical methodologies
Sawing and planing
Energy efficiency in the meat processing industry : opportunities for process integration
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 5.
Atlas of the forest sector in Poland
Forest products annual market review 2005-2006
Light and Efficient Solutions - light : final report 4/2014 : 2009-2014
Russian energy and security up to 2030
Power electronics for renewable energy systems, transportation and industrial applications
European energy law report. 6
Research handbook on international energy law
Demanding applications : DEMAPP : final report 3/2014
A user guide on process integration for the efficient use of energy
Teollisuuden vuosikirja : 1993 = Årsboken för industrin = Yearbook of industrial statistics. Osa 1.
Comparing the survival of Nigerian solar energy and Finnish manufacturing companies in turbulent business environments
Woodwork joints : kinds of joints how they are cut and where used
Foreign investment in the energy sector : balancing private and public interests
Evaluation of energy forestry research in Sweden
The power of design : product innovation in sustainable energy technologies
Fuel switching, energy saving and carbon trading : three ways to control carbon dioxide emissions in the Finnish forest industry
Renewable power in developing countries : winning the war on global warming
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 1.
Glossary of terms relating to timber and woodwork
Particle size distribution and suspension stability in aqueous submicron grinding of CaCO3 and TiO2
A preliminary screening of woody plants as biomass crops on energy farms : final report
EU energy law and policy issues. Vol. 4
"Focusing on renewable energy technologies, energy conversion, and conservation and the energy industry, this volume discusses energy applications in small-medium enterprises, solar energy, hydro and wind energy, nuclear energy, hybrid energy, and energy sustainability issues. The author lists the key aspects of applied energy and related studies, taking a question-based approach to the material that is useful for both undergraduate students and to postgraduates who want a broad overview of energy conversion. In addition to illustrations, the text contains numerous worked examples, case studies, and homework problems"--
This book provides an appraisal about the future of nuclear power and the presumed nuclear renaissance. It does so by assessing the technical, economic, environmental, political, and social risks related to all aspects of the nuclear fuel cycle, from uranium mills and mines to nuclear reactors and spent fuel storage facilities. In each case, the book argues that the costs of nuclear power significantly outweigh its benefits. It concludes by calling for investments in renewable energy and energy efficiency as a better path towards an affordable, secure, and socially acceptable future. The prospect of a global nuclear renaissance could change the way that energy is produced and used the world over. The author takes a hard look at who would benefit, mostly energy companies and manufacturers, and who would suffer, mostly taxpayers, those living near nuclear facilities, and electricity customers. This book's focus is a sustainable energy future, and the role of modern nuclear power plants.
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 2.
Energy, natural resources and environmental economics
Efficiency and sustainability in the energy and chemical industries
Edison to Enron : energy markets and political strategies
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 4.
Energy economics
Corporate responses to EU emissions trading : resistance, innovation or responsibility?
Evaluation of Business Opportunities in Energy Industry in Northwest Russia. Case: CTS Engtec Oy
Can green sustain growth? : from the religion to the reality of sustainable prosperity
European energy law report. 9
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 3.
Energy and Life-cycle Cost Efficient Machines : final report 2/2014 : 2009-2014
EU energy law. Vol. 1, The Internal Energy Market : the third liberalisation package
Key to the Finnish forest industry
Waste streams for algae cultivation
Opportunities for Finnish firms in Nepal's energy sector : research on hydropower
Energy anf Lifecycle-efficient Metal Processes : final report 5/2014
Biorefineries and chemical processes : design, integration and sustainability analysis
The economic competitiveness of renewable energy : pathways to 100% global coverage
Energy from forest biomass
EU law and the development of a sustainable, competitive and secure energy policy : opportunities and shortcomings
Challenges and opportunities for business advantage in Finnish pellet industries : results on literature review and retailer survey
Sparking a worldwide energy revolution : social struggles in the transition to a post-petrol world
Natural gas and geopolitics : from 1970 to 2040
Natural processes and human impacts : interactions between humanity and the environment
Finland's National Forest Programme 2010 : follow-up report 2005-2006
Raina : energy-efficient paper production : final report on the energy research programme 1988-1992
Social Enterprises In Wind Energy Production : Case Study From Finnish Renewable Energy Industry
Forest products : the harvesting, processing, and marketing of materials other than lumber, including the principal derivatives, extractives and incidental products in the United States and Canada
Success factors of energy management in energy-intensive industries : energy performance measurement
EU energy law and policy issues
Energy policy in the U.S. : politics, challenges, and prospects for change
The Russian economy is evidently largely based on the energy sector.This has raised concern in academic circles as to whether Russia is to some degree affected by the Dutch disease, i.e. whether a sharp rise of commodity prices results in an appreciation of the real exchange rate, which undermines the competitiveness of manufacturing and may lead to the deindustrialization of the economy.We focus on this possible final outcome, which has not been studied much in the literature so far: We compare Russian industrial import growth - based on EU-25 volume export figures to Russia - with domestic industrial production growth, disaggregated by branches, in the period from 2002 to 2006.In all manufacturing sectors except electrical, electronic and optical equipment and strongly protected foodstuffs, imports are found to be expanding faster than domestic output.In some sectors, imports have even exceeded domestic production.Import competition is therefore strong and rising.We conclude that Russia may be facing incipient deindustrialization at least in some parts of the manufacturing sector.This could indicate that the Russian economy has contracted the Dutch disease, although it should be noted that other factors could also have driven sectoral changes.While it is beyond the scope of our study to examine whether the other chain links of the Dutch disease hold as well, it does provide evidence of some movements in the direction of deindustrialization, which is in line with the Dutch disease theory. Keywords: Dutch disease, Russia, EU25, import competition, deindustrialization, foreign trade .
Introduction to EU energy law
Gazprom : an energy giant and its challenges in Europe
Governing the energy transition : reality, illusion or necessity?
European energy law report. 7
Regulation of energy in international trade law : WTO, NAFTA, and Energy Charter
A new architecture for Eu gas security of supply
Risks and opportunities of the energy sector in East Siberia and the Russian Far East : for better risk management and sustainable energy development
International energy investment law : the pursuit of stability
Contesting the future of nuclear power : a critical global assessment of atomic energy
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 6.
The new northern dimension of the European neighbourhood
The Rusian non-fuel sector : signs of Dutch disease? : evidence  from EU-25 import competition
Towards bioeconomy : a three-phase Delphi study on forest biorefinery diffusion in Scandinavia and North America
Energy, transport and environment indicators
Learning from experiences with industrial ventilation
Forever a pilot? : assessing the policy dialogue and project-based cooperation in energy efficiency between the EU and Russia
European energy law report. 8
