http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2435 retirement age
retirement age
Expectation of life in different labour market and pension recipency states, Finland 1970-1997
Abstract.
The economic implications of aging societies : the costs of living happily ever after
Summary: Report on risks in Finland's employment pension system.
The economics of an aging society
Race for retirement
Ageing, demographic risks and pension reform
Expectation of life in different labour market and pension recipiency states, Finland 1970-1997
Eläkeikäisen väestön terveyskäyttäytyminen : kevät 1993 = Health behaviour of the Finnish elderly : spring 1993
A longitudinal analysis of the factors related to adjustment in retirement
An aging world : dilemmas and challenges for law and social policy : edited by John M. Eekelaar and David Pearl
Ageing report : overall assessment of the effects of ageing and the adequacy of preparation for demographic changes
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
The sense of life control and thoughts of early retirement
The national programme on ageing workers : evaluation
Longevity is increasing : what about the retirement age?
The 100-year life
Effect of partial sick leave on work participation
Intentions of early retirement and continuing to work among middle-aged and older employees
Abstract: Persistence and change in well-being in the third age : a longitudinal study of ageing people's life course at Varkaus in 1991 and 2004.
Abstract (1 s.).
The relation of pre and post-retirement information to post-retirement adjustment
Effective retirement age in the earnings-related pension scheme in 1996-2003
Abstract: Population ageing and social expenditure in Finland.
Edward, the very useful engine
The new politics of old age policy
Reconstructing retirement : work and welfare in the UK and USA
Early retirement as a transitional process
"This book celebrates Professor Pauli Kettunen on his sixtieth birthday. In Pauli Kettunen's scholarship as well as in this collection, history meets social sciences in a manner that render distinctions between the two unnecessary. This book challenges simplistic views to history as 'a background' or 'development', opening up sophisticated perspectives to many up-to-date debates on, for instance, nationalism and globalization or the Nordic welfare models."--Takakansi.
The time is right? : early retirements and use of time by older Finns
Multi-layered historicity of the present : approaches to social science history
Ageing in society : an introduction to social gerontology
Reforms for an ageing society
Finnish pension reform and intentions of older workers to continue at work
The flexibility of retirement age
Social partners : out with early exit - in with lifelong learning and career development?
Ageing and development
Pensions are no solution to the unemployment problem : analysis of the suggested introduction of lower retirement ages as a measure against unemployment
Aging : an introduction to gerontology
Eläkkeellesiirtymisikä Suomen työeläkejärjestelmässä [huhtikuussa 2008] = Pensioneringsålders inom arbetspensionssystemet i Finland [april 2008] = Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme [April 2008]
Executive summary (s. 7-9).
How to age in place : planning for a happy, independent, and financially secure retirement
FinnAge - Respect for the aging : action programme to promote health, work ability and well-being of aging workers in 1990-96
Retirement is being 'reconstructed', with the UK following the US path of abolishing mandatory retirement and increasing state pension ages. This timely book assesses prospects for work and retirement at age 65-plus in the UK and US.
Retirement round-about : early exit channels and disability applications
Retirement transition and well-being : a 16-year long longitudinal study
Time for retirement : comparative studies in early exit from the labor force
Demography, pensions and welfare : fertility shocks and the Finnish economy
Abstract (s. 3).
"Reduced work participation of working age population with health problems is a key societal concern in many Western countries, including Finland. Thus, activating people with partial work ability and keeping them in the workforce has been a common objective of many social and health policies. Scientific evaluation of the effectiveness of the policy measures has, however, been limited. This study examined the effectiveness and efficacy of partial sickness benefit and related partial sick leave on return to work, work retention and work participation in Finland when compared to regular full sick leave. Different study designs and methods were adopted to overcome the methodological challenges encountered in the study." -- (Back Cover)
Retaining knowledge within organizations : factors that schould be taken into consideration when retaining knowledge from employees leaving for retirement
Working longer : the solution to the retirement income challenge
The Finnish pension reform of 2005
Predictive distribution of adjustment for life expectancy change
Workers versus pensioners : intergenerational justice in an ageing world
The significance of perceived development opportunities in the context of retention : comparing ageing and younger nurses
Lost knowledge : confronting the threat of an aging workforce
Learning in later life : an introduction for educators & carers
Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme
Preparation for aging
Expected effective retirement age in the Nordic countries
Active ageing and gender equality policies : the employment and social inclusion of women and men of late working and early retirement age : final synthesis report
Population ageing and international development : from generalisation to evidence
Retirement transition and well-being : a 16-year longitudinal study
Age discrimination : an historical and contemporary analysis
Why not start younger? : implications of the timing and duration of schooling for fertility, human capital, productivity, and public pensions
Longevity adjustment of pension benefits
Active ageing policies in Finland
Ageing and popular culture
Let's make a deal : the impact of social security provisions and firm liabilities on early retirement
Age discrimination law in Europe
Abstract: Using stochastic forecasts in the assessment of the development of the public economy.
Eläkkeellesiirtymisikä Suomen työeläkejärjestelmässä = Pensioneringsålders inom arbetspensionssystemet i Finland = Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme
The joy of not working : a book for retired, unemployed, and overworked
Reinventing the retirement paradigm
Active ageing and pension system : Finland
Monitoring the employment strategy and the duration of active working life
Early retirement and use of time by older Finns
Well-being of older people in ageing societies
Education and longer working lives : a longitudinal study on education differences in the late exit from working life of older employees in Finland
Growing older : tourism and leisure behaviour of older adults
"Investigates the prospects for moving the average retirement age to 66 from 63. Examines companies' incentives to employ older workers and what government can do to promote continued participation in the workforce. Considers the challenge of ensuring a secure retirement for low-wage workers and those unable to continue to work"--Provided by publisher.
Ageing, interest rates, and financial flows
Aging and Work : international scientific symposium on aging and work : 28-30 May 1992, Haikko, Finland
The ageing and the labor market in the Nordic countries : a literature review
East of the mountains
Employers and the flexible retirement age : employer views on the Finnish pension reform in 2005 and older employees' continued work
Unemployment and early retirements of the aged workers in Finland
Pension systems : beyond mandatory retirement
Constructions of women's age at the workplace
Policy credibility in numerical overlapping generations model
Modelling our future : population ageing, social security and taxation
Becoming and being old : sociological approaches to later life
Ageing populations in post-industrial democracies : comparative studies of policies and politics
