http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2431 pensioners
pensioners
The second best exotic Marigold hotel
Getting older is not what it used to be. Unprecedented changes to longevity, demographic, and life course patterns are transforming the social roles and experiences of older people. Cultural Aging explores this phenomenon and focuses on what it means to grow older today. As Western populations age, positive images of aging that promote activity, autonomy, mobility, and choice have increased. On the one hand, these images defy traditionally negative stereotypes of decline, decrepitude, and dependency and create new opportunities for self-definition that stretch middle age into later life. On the other hand, the new aging animates an anti-aging culture, which potentially idealizes later life as an experience unburdened by the challenging material realities of growing older. This collection of essays looks at two general themes: the way that modern life course regimes have been defined historically by the professional sciences and the way that aging identities have been affected by the cultural and economic significance of consumer lifestyle markets. In the process, Katz offers a truly interdisciplinary approach to the subject that expands traditional gerontological theory by borrowing from the humanities, feminism, and cultural theory.
Travels in the scriptorium
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 1997 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland
Harry and the wrinklies
Check Marks for the Knowledge of Ageing : Working for a Change in North Karelia!
Mobile augmented teleguidance-based safety navigation concept for senior citizens
Elderburbia : aging with a sense of place in America
Red 2
Coping with antinomies of taste : eating habits of Finnish retirement migrants in Spain
A fresh map of life : the emergence of the third age
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2011 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2011 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2011
Harry Bosch is California's newest private investigator. He doesn't advertise, he doesn't have an office, and he's picky about who he works for, but it doesn't matter. His chops from 30 years with the LAPD speak for themselves. Soon one of Southern California's biggest moguls comes calling. The reclusive billionaire has less than six months to live and a lifetime of regrets. He hires Bosch to find out whether he has an heir. Using all of his cold case skills, Bosch pieces together a 65-year-old mystery and finds out that the case is not as simple - or cold - as he thought.
Pensioned off : retirement and income examined
"Newly retired Philip returns home to Cologne and is thrown into emotional turmoil upon bumping into his long-lost sweetheart. In the midst of a domestic crisis, Ricarda confides in Philip that she is looking for somewhere to live. And there and then, Philip suggests that she move in with him - he is setting up a flatshare. Will she join him with his mischievous dachshund named Ralf? To his surprise, Ricarda agrees, leaving Philip to scramble together a crew of retirees in time for spring, for the most unlikely of social experiments. There's grumpy cigarette-smoking grandfather Harry; quiet and discreet Eckart, curiously carting around his late wife's headstone; Uschi, brimming with life, harbouring a passion for leotards and aerobics, along with sausages and outrageous knitting patterns; and then, ever-practical and warm-hearted Ricarda, towards whom Phillip is developing real feelings. Despite their differences, the flatmates thrive and embark on a series of new adventures. But when Uschi falls unwell, familiar cracks begin to show and this uniquely spirited club of friends must work together in order to survive - and truly blossom."--Publisher's description.
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 1999 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland
Effective message design and media mix of senior mobile phone in China
Entrepreneurship, self-employment and retirement
The transformation of old age security : class and politics in the American welfare state
Sunset lives : British retirement migration to the Mediterranean
The best exotic Marigold Hotel
The Brooklyn follies
Alan Stoob : Nazi hunter : one man's continuing battle against the Third Reich : a novel
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2010 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2010 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2010
Residential tourism : (de)constructing paradise
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista kunnittain 2014 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland efter kommun =Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2014
Retirement migration : paradoxes of ageing
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 1994 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland
The Brooklyn follies : a novel
Cockneys vs zombies
Eläkeikäisen väestön terveyskäyttäytyminen : kevät 1987 = Health behaviour of the Finnish elderly : spring 1987
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2012 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2012 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2012
Early retirement as a transitional process
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2004 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2004 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2004
In the old sun : a novel
Managing educational tourism
Pensioners on the labour market : a failure in welfare
The information world of retired women
Ethnicity in the informal networks of older sunbelt migrants : a case study of the Finns in Florida
Retirement in industrialized societies : social, psychological and health factors
Age, work and social security
Executive summary (s. 15-17). - Sammanfattning (s. 19-21). - Tiivistelmä (s. 23-26). - Ágrip (s. 27-29).
The Vintage Springtime Club
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2007 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2007 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2007
Early retirement
No! I don't want to join a bookclub
Finnish Customer Expectations in Senior Residences on Costa del Sol, Spain : Case: Villa Aurora Company
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 1995 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland
How to age in place : planning for a happy, independent, and financially secure retirement
Charity costumes of children, scholars, almsfolk, pensioners
Grudge match
Retirement in the Nordic countries : prospects and proposals for reform
The G file : a Van Veeteren mystery
Welfare in an idle society? : reinventing retirement, work, wealth, health, and welfare
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 1992 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland
Quality of life among disability pensioners with musculoskeletal disorders : studies in a geographically defined population in Sweden
The economics of pensions and variable retirement schemes
Second international conference on senior tourism 12-15 September 1996 : proceedings - selected materials
Boomers and beyond : considering the role of libraries
Families and retirement
Working longer : the solution to the retirement income challenge
Adequacy and poverty among the retired
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2005 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2005
Czech society in the 2000s : a report on socio-economic policies and structures
"This book explores the adoption of 'active ageing' policies by EU15 nations and the impact on older peoples' work and retirement policy options. It explores the labour market policies (including unemployment benefits, active labour market policies and partial pension receipt) and pension policies (pension principles, early retirement and incentives for deferral) adopted by these nations from the mid-1990s onwards, addressing three main questions. First, to what extent was the EU's vision of 'active ageing' adopted in EU15 nations between 1995 and 2010? Second, what was the nature of policy reforms in these nations over this time period? Finally, which sub-groups within the older age cohort were subject to active ageing policies in these countries? The data indicate convergence towards the EU-vision of active ageing is complex, with nations adopting a variety of different reforms and policy mixes, which in turn focus on different groups within the older age cohort." --
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2013 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2013
Autographs in the rain
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2006 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2006 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2006
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 1998 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland
The voices beyond
The sociology of retirement
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 1996 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland
Experience of early exit : a comparative study of the reasons for and consequences of early retirement in Finland and Denmark in 1999-2000
The crossing
The stone boy
The little old lady who broke all the rules
Rewired, rehired, or retired? : a global guide for the experienced worker
Ethnicity in the informal networks of older sunbelt migrants : a case history of the Finns in Florida
Old age pensioners in politics : a case study of old age pensioners' interest intermediation process in Finland
Pensions and pensioners' disposable income : trends in 1990-2005
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2009 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2009 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2009
The unlikely pilgrimage of Harold Fry : a novel
Growing old in the twentieth century
The joy of not working : a book for retired, unemployed, and overworked
Sports organizations facing change of generations
Active ageing in the European Union : policy convergence and divergence
The best exotic marigold hotel
Brilliant retirement : your practical guide to a happy, helthy, financially sound retirement
Even dogs in the wild
Finnish retired migrants in Spain and their adaptation to the Spanish culture
Changing leisure interests in Finland : a perspective on the aged consumers
Using the Internet safely for seniors for dummies
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2003 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2003 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2003
Pensioners in the community
Early retirement and use of time by older Finns
The Mediterranean and the Aegean coastal zone of Turkey has emerged as a new destination for lifestyle migrants from Northern Europe in the recent years. This article aims at drawing attention to the recent migration flow of EU citizens to Turkey in case of Marmaris - a tourism town located on the Turkish Riviera. The differences of EU citizens who settled in Marmaris are studied by considering their retirement status. The retired and non-retired EU citizens are compared as to their socio-economic and demographic characteristics, pull and push factors in their migration process, perceived problems in Turkey and intention to return. The research was conducted in 2008 and 2009. 131 participants are EU citizens who spend at least three months in a year in Marmaris. Both qualitative and quantitative methods were employed during the research. The factors that cause the migration of the Europeans towards Marmaris are similar with other destination countries along the Mediterranean as well as the other destinations in Turkey however the retired and the non-retired groups in Marmaris differ from each other in aspect of some characteristics..
The wrong side of goodbye
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2008 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2008 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2008
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 1993 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland
Elderly women in the dance floor : pensioners' dances as a cultural scene
Summary.
Growing older : tourism and leisure behaviour of older adults
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2002 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2002 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2002
"Investigates the prospects for moving the average retirement age to 66 from 63. Examines companies' incentives to employ older workers and what government can do to promote continued participation in the workforce. Considers the challenge of ensuring a secure retirement for low-wage workers and those unable to continue to work"--Provided by publisher.
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2015 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2015
Senior citizens : the experience of senior citizens should not be allowed to go unused
Gerontology and tourism management
Acceptance of technology : exploring the adoption of mobile services for the young elderly
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista kunnittain 2015 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland efter kommun =Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2015
The unlikely pilgrimage of Harold Fry
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2000 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2000 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2000
The armies
Two distinct groups of EU immigrants in coastal Turkey
The wrong side of goodbye : a novel
Trends in the composition and level of retirement income in Finland
The rights of desire
Education and retirement : an enquiry into the relevance of education to the enjoyment of leisure in later life
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2014= Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2014
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2001 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2001 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2001
Cultural aging : life course, lifestyle, and senior worlds
The restoration of Otto Laird
Chinaman : the legend of Pradeep Mathew : a novel
