http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24392 transfers (activities)
transfers (activities)
Throughput and Time Sync Simulation in WSN with OPNET Tool
Comparison of the postwar and post-cold war generations of temporary foreign worker admissions
An historical and archaeological sketch of the city of Goa : preceded by a short statistical account of the territory of Goa
The Portuguese in India : being a history of the rise and decline of their eastern empire. Vol. 1
SOFTWARE ARCHITECTURE FOR LOW TIER EMBEDDED PRODUCT PLATFORM
Body Area Network, Standardization, Analysis and Application
As Flies to Whatless Boys
Transfer of MPEG-2 Transport Stream over MPLS
Abstract.
The Greeks overseas : their early colonies and trade
PHY and MAC layer performance optimization of the IEEE 802.16 system
The book of wireless : a painless guide to wi-fi and broadband wireless
Long-term transmission rights in the Nordic electricity markets : an empirical appraisal of transmission risk management and hedging
The independence of Spanish America
Forgotten wars : the end of Britain's Asian Empire
Transients in electrical systems : analysis, recognition, and mitigation
Time Synchronization in Wireless Sensor Networks
The making of rallienglanti : cross-linguistic influence in Finnish speakers' pronunciation of English
A failed Eldorado : colonial capialism, rural industrialization, African land rights in Kenya, and the Kakamega gold rush, 1930-1952
Documentos sobre os portugueses em Moçambique e na África central 1497-1840 = Documents on the Portuguese in Mozambique and Central Africa 1497-1840. Vol. 9, (1589-1615)
The German colonial empire
Remembering the golden past : nostalgia as a narrative practice of Karelian evacuees in Finland
The false dawn : European imperialism in the nineteenth century
Protecting migrant workers' human rights : a trade union view
Bugles and a tiger : a personal adventure
American frontiers : cultural encounters and continental conquest
Use of Bluetooth in automation technology
Software architecture for low tier embedded product platform
A decentralized session management framework for heterogeneous ad-hoc and fixed networks
Brazil : the forging of a nation, 1798-1852
Portugal in Africa : the last hundred years
Biography, shift-labour and socialisation in a northern industrial city - the far north : particularities of labour and human socialisation : proceedings of the international conference in Novy Urengoy, Russia, 4th-6th December 2008
Basics of computer networking
Transition from  IPv4 to IPv6  : best transition method for large enterprise networks
New York before New York. A fortune, or a forgery. A love story, or a battle of wits. Nothing is black and white
The Kingdom of Portugal was created as a by-product of the Christian Reconquest of Hispania. With no geographical raison d'etre and no obvious political roots in its Roman, Germanic, or Islamic pasts, it for long remained a small, struggling realm on Europe's outer fringe. Then, in the early fifteenth century, this unlikely springboard for Western expansion suddenly began to accumulate an empire of its own, eventually extending more than halfway around the globe. A History of Portugal and the Portuguese Empire, drawing particularly on historical scholarship postdating the 1974 Portuguese Revolution, offers readers a comprehensive overview and reinterpretation of how all this happened - the first such account to appear in English for more than a generation. Volume I concerns the history of Portugal itself from pre-Roman times to the climactic French invasion of 1807, and Volume II traces the history of the Portuguese overseas empire.
Orientalism transposed : the impact of the Colonies on British culture
The Tradescants : their plants, gardens and museum 1570-1662
Specification of a Remote Monitoring Protocol
Purpose – The purpose of this paper is to examine the barriers associated with the adoption and use  of mobile sales force automation (SFA) systems from a salesperson's perspective.  Design/methodology/approach – A qualitative investigation of two business-to-business  companies was conducted. Data collected from ten semi-structured interviews with directors or sales  managers were analyzed to understand the main barriers to SFA system adoption.  Findings – The study confirms the existence of three barriers (customer knowledge, quality of  information and the characteristics of mobile devices) to a mobile SFA system use and identifies two  additional barriers: lack of time and optimization issues.  Research limitations/implications – The explorative nature of the study and the qualitative  method employed limit the generalizability of the results. The propositions could be further validated  and tested with a wider population.  Practical implications – Organizations wishing to speed the adoption of a mobile SFA system  should evaluate the importance and significance of the five identified barriers to adoption, and plan how  to overcome them. It is important for the providers of the mobile SFA systems to focus on developing  systems that can exploit the different characteristics of each channel and, in parallel, overcome the  inherent limitations of any single channel. The content of an SFA system should be customizable for  each type of mobile device.  Originality/value – Ever increasing mobility has led to a rise in the use of smartphones and tablet  PCs (tablets) in business and the consequent growth in the use of SFA systems. Although SFA systems  have been studied for roughly 30 years, little is known of the impact of newly developed mobile devices  on sales management and sales personnel.
Batsford's modern chess openings
Spain at the dawn of history : Iberians, Phoenicians and Greeks
Probabilistic transmission system planning
Analysis of Wireless Network Performances in WLAN Topologies.
Intrepid itinerant : Manuel Godinho and his journey from India to Portugal in 1663
Automotive engineering : powertrain, chassis system and vehicle body
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
"Local Histories/Global Designs" is an extended argument about the "coloniality" of power by one of the most innovative Latin American and Latino scholars. In a shrinking world where sharp dichotomies, such as East/West and developing/developed, blur and shift, Walter Mignolo points to the inadequacy of current practices in the social sciences and area studies. He explores the crucial notion of "colonial difference" in the study of the modern colonial world and traces the emergence of an epistemic shift, which he calls "border thinking". Further, he expands the horizons of those debates already under way in postcolonial studies of Asia and Africa by dwelling in the genealogy of thoughts of South/Central America, the Caribbean, and Latino/as in the United States. His concept of "border gnosis", or sensing and knowing by dwelling in imperial/colonial borderlands, counters the tendency of occidentalist perspectives to manage, and thus limit, understanding. In a new preface that discusses "Local Histories/Global Designs" as a dialogue with Hegel's Philosophy of History, Mignolo connects his argument with the unfolding of history in the first decade of the twenty-first centu
Studies in Indian history : historical records at Goa
Body Area Network  Standardization, Analysis and Application
The spread of Greek civilization through Europe and into Africa and the Near East began long before the classical period, long after Troy, Mycenae, and Knossos had fallen. This study gives an archaeologist's view of one of the most important periods of European history, describing how, out of a time of reduced population and comparative penury, the Greeks set their sails north, south, east, and west to plant trading posts and colonies, to reap whatever harvest of materials and expertise the barbarian could offer, and to disseminate the benefits of their own rapidly developing and brilliant civilization.
The rape of India ; a biography of Robert Clive and a sexual history of the conquest of Hindustan
Coming to terms with conservation under climate change : using species distribution models and translocation trials for estimating the need and potential of assisted migration
Touch Screen Operated Data Warehouse Application
Wireless positioning technologies and applications
Solar Energy Harvesting in WSN with Development Tool
The struggle for Mozambique
French power in Africa
Finnish Congregationalism in America
British Imperialism
The new imperial histories reader
Designer Profile Model : A Mentor's Tool for Understanding the Design Persona of Mature Students
Technology transfer of research results protected by intellectual property : Finland and China
Bishop Hill : svensk koloni på prärien = Bishop Hill, Ill. : a utopia on the prairie
Gears and gear drives
Monsters of men
Professional Mobile Web Development with WordPress, Joomla! and Drupal
Logical chess : move by move
Cultured force : makers and defenders of the French colonial empire
Men of spirit and enterprise : Scots and Orkneymen in the Hudson's Bay Company, 1780-1821
The making of an enterprise : the Society of Jesus in Portugal, its empire, and beyond 1540-1750
Hunting, fishing and animal husbandry at The Farm Beneath The Sand, Western Greenland : an archaeozoological analysis of a Norse farm in the Western Settlement
Indians and intruders in Central California, 1769-1849
German colonialism in a global age
French North Africa : the Maghrib between two world wars
Atlas of British overseas expansion
Imperialism and music : Britain, 1876-1953
Conquest and commerce : Spain and England in the Americas
Quotation information automation solution
This Bachelor’s thesis was commissioned by OY LM Ericsson AB. The work was done at Ericsson’s premises in Oulu. Oulu premises concentrate on re-search and development of base station solutions for WCDMA and LTE-networks. The purpose of this thesis was to automate base station test cases in a real RNC-environment in a WCDMA-network, mainly traffic cases that measure average throughput in different conditions and settings. The main aim of this automation was to automate some of the testing so that human resources that were consumed by this basic testing could be assigned to something more useful. And of course automation could bring much needed stability and better regression to testing. Other aims were to document the used equipment and choose test cases to automate. The aims were achieved so that the chosen transfer multi-RAB and soft hando-ver test cases were automated. All of the test cases are not possible to auto-mate but few more should be possible. Unfortunately that was not possible in time reserved for this thesis. The used equipment was also documented. Auto-mation is in use for daily software release testing now. This automation could be taken further for example by attaching a signal ana-lyzer with an Ethernet connection. This would enable antenna power measurements. Robustness testing cases are possible to add to this system. Adding a third base station to the attenuator would add many different variations for handovers.
Romantic colonization and British anti-slavery
Amazons, savages, and machiavels : travel and colonial writing in English, 1550-1630 : an anthology
Abstract: MPEG-2 Transport Streamin siirto MPLS-verkon yli.
Analysis and performance of FBMC techniques with application to relay networks
Time Synchronization Testing with Roving WLAN Network
Advanced voice and data solutions for evolution of cellular network system
How to transfer software R&D work in cost efficent way
Big dams, displaced people : rivers of sorrow rivers of change
The utilization of diasporas' knowledge in Finland
The archaeology of Greek colonisation : essays dedicated to Sir John Boardman
RFID Systems and Applications in Positioning
Abstract: In this thesis the wireless sensor network feasibility of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller will be analysed. Due to the fast evolving field of embedded wireless applications, this project was initiated by the Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Science in order to provide a platform for future projects. The main part of this thesis will discuss the the nRFgo software development kit and the hardware hardware of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller. Tools that have been used are an integrated development environment provided by the Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences and a C language compiler named SDCC. As a result, this study has deepened the understanding of the hardware and the nRFgo software development kit and their capabilities. The microcontroller has some excellent characteristics that makes it an interesting object in order to build wireless sensor networks. The system on a chip architecure makes it a meaningful tool for sensing and communication. This thesis gives an introduction into wirless sensor networks and the properties of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller with a build in radio frequncy unit, demonstrating the capabilities of this promissing system on a chip microcontroller and enabling further research in the field of wireless embedded networking and wireless sensor networks for the Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences.
An historical sketch of Goa : the metropolis of the Portuguese settlements in India
Communities as factors of social geography : the Finnish rural settlements in the vicinity of Thunder Bay, Ontario
Collected papers on Greek colonization
Power definitions and the physical mechanism of power flow
The middle game. Book 2 : dynamic & subjective features
Layer 3 Multiprotocol Label Switching Virtual Private Network
Design and Implementation of a Wireless ZigBee Mesh Network
Transfer Pricing in Russia, analyzing an international company during internship – Case Liebherr
This article is based on the master's thesis work entitled "An interaction frame-work for deploying the knowledge of diasporas: Using Finland as an example" (Harikkala 2013). The original work contributes to the existing literature on the concepts of diaspora and knowledge by linking the two concepts together in a novel way. Furthermore, the original work links the novel combination to economic benefit. This article has offered a shortened yet equally novel outlook on the concepts. Although this article examines only the situation in Finland more closely, the findings suggest the importance of continued work on the subject both theoretically and in other empirical settings.
Patterns of care in the last two years of life : care transitions and places of death of old people
Barriers to the use of mobile  sales force automation system : a salesperson's perspective
Cooperation between Higher Education Institutions and Businesses
Design and implementation of route redistribution and performance study thereof
Sams teach yourself TCP/IP in 24 hours
Remittance Market of Finland: Case Study of Personal Remittance Transmission
Interconnections for computer communications and packet networks
Pensions and public finances in Finland : a generational accounting perspective
Research about wireless sensor network feasibility of the nRF24LE1D microcontroller
The rulers of German Africa, 1884-1914
The Inquisition in the Spanish Dependencies : Sicily, Naples, Sardinia, Milan, the Canaries, Mexico, Peru, New Granada
BlackBerry Pearl 3G for dummies
Tobacco in Atlantic trade : the Chesapeake, London and Glasgow, 1675-1775
DATA TRANSFER AND REPORTING : Documentation and execution
Distribution System Analysis and Automation
The body of the conquistador : food, race, and the colonial experience in Spanish America, 1492-1700
Conciliation, compulsion, conversion : British attitudes towards indigenous peoples, 1763-1814
Another day of life
Crash
Developing Services Provided to Labour Migrants in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area
IP from A to Z
Designer Profile Model : a mentors tool for understanding the design persona of mature students
Chess structures : a grandmaster guide
The Oxford history of the British Empire. 1, The origins of empire : British overseas enterprice to the close of the seventeenth century
Synthesis and application of orthogonal signal bases possessing enhanced time-frequency localization for mobile wireless networks
Empire : how Britain made the modern world
BlackBerry for work : productivity for professionals
Local histories/global designs : coloniality, subaltern knowledges, and border thinking
Digital natives' and immigrants' switching behavior in smart home environment : comparative study
Knowledge Management in a Higher Education Institution : Case Oulu UAS
The transatlantic constitution : colonial legal culture and the empire
Goa Dourada : the Indo-Portuguese bouquet
SEPA migration projects in Finnish companies
John Locke and America : the defence of English colonialism
Imperialism and popular culture
The nation and its fragments : colonial and postcolonial histories
Spectrum and energy efficient solutions for OFDMA collaborative wireless networks
Prelude to Hongkong
Beyond the frontiers: the biography of Colonel F. M. Bailey, explorer and special agent
Remote Sensing of Medium Voltage Grid: Case Elenia
Moving collections : processes and consequences = Flytting av samlinger : prosesser og konsekvenser
LTE for 4G mobile broadband : air interface technologies and performance
Circular migration between Guatemala and Canada : perspectives of migrant workers
Frontenac : the courtier governor
The martian chronicles
The French and Indian War : deciding the fate of North America
Redesign an American PTV Go-Kart with Available Metric Components.
The development of information transferring processes : for managing the machine's specification and engineering changes
CWDP certified wireless design professional : official study guide
Francophone postcolonial studies : a critical introduction
The Imperial gazetteer atlas of India
Saharan Jews and the fate of French Algeria
Smart Tagging System for Diving Equipment
Finland : technology transfer and rights in research results in Finland
Economic growth in Indonesia, 1820-1940
The middle game. Book 1 : static features
Caliban's voice : the transformation of English in post-colonial literatures
Fleet inference : importing vehicle routing problems using machine learning
DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION OF A SMART METER PROTOTYPE USING AVR465 MICROCONTROLLER
Dead man in the silver market : an autobiographical essay on national prides
Documentos sobre os portugueses em Moçambique e na África central 1497-1840 = Documents on the Portuguese in Mozambique and Central Africa 1497-1840. Vol. 8, (1561-1588)
Emancipation without abolition in German East Africa, c.1884-1914
Fundamental chess openings
Documentos sobre os portugueses em Moçambique e na África central 1497-1840 = Documents on the Portuguese in Mozambique and Central Africa 1497-1840. Vol. 7, (1540-1560)
Phasis : the river and city in Colchis
Eurafricans in Western Africa : commerce, social status, gender, and religious observance from the sixteenth to the eighteenth century
A Data Conversion Program for μShapeTM Binary File
Beginning Windows Phone 7 application development : building Windows Phone applications using Silverlight and XNA
The new A - Z of Empire : a handbook of British imperial history
Development of Intelligent mobile platform for Decartus system : Mobile video surveillance system
The Portuguese in India : being a history of the rise and decline of their eastern empire. Vol. 2
Bugles and a tiger : a volume of autobiography
Hellsten focuses exclusively on endgame play and covers every type of endgame: pawn, rook, minor piece and queen endgames. He examines many fundamental positions that everyone needs to know, as well as the key themes and characteristics of successful endgame play. – WorldCat.
The long recessional : the imperial life of Rudyard Kipling
Wireless network in ambient intelligence
An age management challenge: a study on company knowledge transfer from senior emloyees' to the company's utilization :  research of KPMG Oy Ab
"This fascinating history explores the dynamic relationship between overseas colonisation and the bodily experience of eating. It reveals the importance of food to the colonial project in Spanish America and reconceptualises the role of European colonial expansion in shaping the emergence of ideas of race during the Age of Discovery. Rebecca Earle shows that anxieties about food were fundamental to Spanish understandings of the new environment they inhabited and their interactions with the native populations of the New World. Settlers wondered whether Europeans could eat New World food, whether Indians could eat European food and what would happen to each if they did. By taking seriously their ideas about food we gain a richer understanding of how settlers understood the physical experience of colonialism and of how they thought about one of the central features of the colonial project. The result is simultaneously a history of food, colonialism and race.
Documentos sobre os portugueses em Moçambique e na África central 1497-1840 = Documents on the Portuguese in Mozambique and Central Africa 1497-1840. Vol. 6, (1519-1537)
Breadth-first search for ZigBee topology
Automatic Repeat-Request Courseware
A history of Portugal and the Portuguese Empire : from beginnings to 1807.. Volume 2, The Portuguese Empire
Developing the information flow of inbound logistics
The wretched of the earth
The British Empire
The Development of the Transfer Pricing Process
Monsters and revolutionaries : colonial family romance and métissage
Software Radio using Warp Fpga Board
Ting-E-Ling: A Health Monitoring Device
Regulating foreign influence and contribution : foreign teachers as examples of the management of foreign workforce in China
The Portuguese seaborne empire 1415-1825
Settlements, kinship and hunting grounds in traditional Greenland : a comparative study of local experiences from Upernavik and Ammassalik
Cross-border transmission capacity development : experiences from the Nordic electricity markets
The Oxford history of the British Empire. 4, Twentieth century
