http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24304 event production
event production
Planning and organising training events
Events management : an international approach
"Events Feasibility and Development: From Strategy to Operations" answers two fundamental questions faced by all events planners and organisers: 'how do I justify this event to the client?' and 'why are we spending money on this event?' With a user-friendly learning structure containing bullet points, questions and exercises and international case studies (Australian Taxation Office, Saudi Arabian events returns, Fuji-Xerox events), "Events Feasibility and Development: From Strategy to Operations" looks at issues such as: The process of creating a feasibility study; Events forecasting models and cost/benefit analysis; Types of events (exhibitions, sports, festivals) and their benefits and returns; Project management tools for measuring return on investment; Presents tools, techniques and arguments for justifying expenditure on event and festivals; Guides the reader through the project management process moulding existing models of cost benefit analysis for the events industry; and, International case study material is used throughout to add practical insight and support theory.
The 21st century meeting and event technologies : powerful tools for better planning, marketing and evaluation
Staging events : A Practical Guide
Customer needs and wants for organizing children celebrations in Helsinki Metropolitan area
How to Establish a Programme Service Company
Wedding planning and management : consultancy for diverse clients
Human resource management for the event industry
Project management is characterised by systematic and integral control of the development process, from creative idea to concrete product. This book concentrates on the management of event projects. Events such as festivals, exhibitions, conferences, arts productions, sports events and company events draw a lot of attention. An initiative frequently ends in failure, because the funding cannot be finalised, deadlines are not met or budgets are exceeded. The professional approach of a project can prevent many problems. The Project Management method is very user-friendly and stands out by its direct applicability(numerous check lists, step-by-step plans and model contracts). This book describes a concept of project management for general application, and the organisational, financial and planning aspects of a project. This third edition has been adapted regarding both the contents and the form that were altered in the Dutch version of the book Projectmanagement, the 8th edition by Jan Verhaar. Besides the obvious changes for this 3rd edition small changes and add-ons have been made throughout the entire book. In Part A, the chapters have been included which guide you through the methodology. In Part B you will learn using the step-by-step plan, with your own event or conference project. In Part C all of the chapters have been bundled together so that you can gain theoretical insight into the different techniques and models.
Exhibitions : concept, planning and design
The Olympics : the basics
Arctic Design Week as an attractive tourism product
The text starts with an investigation of the origins of sponsorship and then considers all important elements of Events sponsorship management. It considers what is sponsorship, its history and evolution, what its marketing uses are, how it can used efficiently; the benefits it can bring to an event; and how its results can be measured. To reflect changes in the way firms communicate with their customers, there is a strong focus on the use of social media, e – marketing and technology in sponsorship. The text uniquely considers topics of sponsorship from perspective of both the sponsor and the sponsee (the event) to provide a holistic view of the sponsorship process.
Professional event coordination
"The step-by-step process in Careers in Special Events will help event planners showcase their skills. It shows them how to create a unique and creative approach with a proven plan"--Provided by publisher.
Organization of a large scale music event: planning and production
Producing security in corporation events : a project with Turvatiimi special security
Exploring the elements for value co-creation in consumer information systems in B2B context : a case study on the business event industry
Start your own event planning business : your step-by-step guide to success
Meetings, expositions, events and conventions : an introduction to the industry
Network Systems User Group : event analysis : case: Nokia Siemens Networks
Athenis Finlandiae cultural event : A guidebook for planning Athenis Finlandiae
Technology and events : how to create engaging events
Fashion, design and events
Marketing for tourism, hospitality & events : a global & digital approach
Special events : best practices in modern event management
Event management in sport, recreation and tourism : theoretical and practical dimensions
Event portfolio planning and management : a holistic approach
The complete guide to careers in special events : step toward success!
Event production and marketing : case Porvoo Campus Events 10.10.2010
Events marketing management : a consumer perspective
Ticket Sales Analysis for Live Nation Spain
"This up-to-date primer on one of today's hottest businesses walks readers step by step through the process of developing an event planning business, featuring more resources, new trends, new online tools and new interviews with fresh advice from successful event planners"--
Developing best practices in event management
Exploring the hospitality industry
Dancing for young audiences : a practical guide to creating, managing and marketing a performance company
Welfare Day in The School of Business and Information Management
Events management : an introduction
Coming soon to a festival near you : programming film festivals
Meetings, expositions, events, and conventions : an introduction to the industry
Creating tools fo help the event coordination process : case: Finlandia Hall Ltd
Event studies : theory, research and policy for planned events
Transforming libraries, building communities : the community-centered library
Welfare day in the School of Business and Information Management
Human resource management for events : managing the event workforce
Managing major sports events : theory and practice
Project management : a professional approach to events
Special event production : the resources
Meetings, expositions, events, and conventions
"The step-by-step process in Careers in Special Events will help event planners showcase their skills. It shows them how to create a unique and creative approach with a proven plan. Industry professionals provide insight and advice on gaining the appropriate skills, making contacts, networking, and using knowledge to ace job interviews. Various Action Steps are featured throughout the pages, as well as exercises to reinforce concepts. The Practice Activity at the end of each chapter helps measure progress and identify areas of individual focus. Samples of cover letters and thank you notes in addition to dining etiquette when interviewing over a meal are also presented to give event planners all the tools they'll need to succeed. -- Provided by publisher.
Planning and Management of Meetings, Events, Expositions and Conventions, 1e is the first text of its kind to focus on planning (in addition to event management), and incorporates the Meeting and Business Events Competency Standards (MBECS). It is the most up-to-date book on planning and management in the meetings, expositions, events, and conventions (MEEC) industry and covers a wide range of topics dealing with these two crucial functions. The text follows a practical, hands-on approach and is an excellent resource for college courses, employee training, and professional reference. Developed as a collaborative work, the text features contributions.
Planning and staging the backstage area as an integral part of event production and management on temporary venues
The subject of this thesis was to arrange a welfare day in the school of Business and Information Management. The two development tasks were to give information on how to promote personal wellbeing and to organize a successful event, which marketing communications meet the target group. Two target groups were defined for the event. The first target group was the students of the School of Business and Information Management and the second target group was the staff. The main theme for the event consisted of three areas of wellbeing: physical, social and mental. Erja Korhonen, leader of the student welfare team in the School of Business and Information Management, assigned the thesis. The student welfare team was working in the background of this thesis. The thesis consists of discussion in physical, social and mental wellbeing. The theoretical foundation includes physical, mental and social wellbeing, event project organizing, project planning, executing, evaluating and terminating. Event marketing is also included in the theoretical foundation by being a part of project planning. In addition to the theoretical foundation, chapters 3, 4, 5 and 6 also review how this event was put into action. The feedback was gathered by using a simple feedback form with three questions. 90 filled feedback forms were returned. 86 of the participants had gotten at least some ideas on how to promote their personal wellbeing. 67 participants thought that the event content was comprehensive enough and only three did not think so. The internal information channel Oiva reached most of the students that participated the event. According to the feedback, the welfare day event was successful and both of the development tasks were completed. This welfare day event was the first to be organized in the spring and it turned out to be a good time for a refreshing event like this. Most of the stands had activities to take part in, which made them more interesting. Free samples and raffle prizes by the sponsors Valio, SATS, Neste Oil and Manninen Nutraceuticals gave extra value to the event. Where to locate the stands gives something to think about. If the stands should be located around the school, little signposts would help the participants to find them easily. This thesis report can be exploited when working on a new welfare day event.
Event tourism : critical concepts in tourism. Vol. 4, Managing event operations
Sustainable projections : concepts in film festival management
Explores the use of technology to improve results on all kinds of events from initial planning stages right through to post event debriefing. This book provides all the solutions and tips on how to maximize the participation of your audience, cut costs and have better revenues from your events."
Production and Logistics in Meetings, Expositions, Events and Conventions is the most up-to-date text on executing successful meetings, expositions, events, and conventions (MEEC) and provides step-by-step, in-depth coverage of the production and logistical factors that event managers must oversee. Chapters incorporate the Meeting and Business Events Competency Standards (MBECS) and follow a hands-on approach that guides readers through the process of managing a wide variety of gatherings. This practical focus makes the text an excellent resource for college courses, employee training, and professional reference. Developed as a collaborative work, the text features contributions from some of the best and most notable practitioners and educators in the field.
Event management for dummies
Managing sport events
Event planning business : everything you need to start a successful business!
The complete guide to successful event planning : with companion CD-ROM
"Providing a comprehensive guide to understanding, planning, promoting, and producing special events, this seventh edition of Special Events describes the theory and practice of all aspects of event management. Written for current and future event leaders, the text continues to expand its emphasis on the growing globalization of the profession, taking into account the skills leaders need to deal with other cultures, societies, and business practices to plan and deliver successful events. New coverage includes sustainability, technology, security/risk management, and the impact of social media on events and event marketing. 15 all-new case studies have been included, as well as a brief glossary of terms at the end of each chapter to further define the terms used in the chapter"--
Special events : creating and sustaining a new world for celebration
The Sports event management and marketing playbook
Film festivals and activism
Mega-events and globalization : capital and spectacle in a changing world order
Event Management : Manual for Financial Practicalities
Live entertainment is currently one of the few vital components of the music industry as it struggles to survive in the XXI century and conform to the drastic changes on the music market. Music events occur in great amount on a daily basis and it is important to plan and produce them in the right manner in order to stay relevant and secure one's place on the market. This report introduces various crucial matters that require attention during event organization process, such as marketing and strategic planning, communication and promotion, risk management, event programming and capacity management, to name a few. The 5-phase project management model is applied as the base on which this thesis is built. The research is conducted by comparing the theoretical and practical approach used in the music event business. The practical approach is based on examinations and interviews with the world market leader in live entertainment – Live Nation. An additional analysis of practices used in other large and successful music events in Europe and USA is also conducted. As this thesis shows, the practical approach is often easier and less rigorous than the theory. Some of the steps in this process may be simply omitted due to being considered of little relevance by the management team, many other are outsourced to professional agencies depending on requirements (security, catering). It becomes evident how important it is to be innovative and always stay up to date with the state of the market in order to organize the most successful events.
"Events are becoming more complex as their range of functions grows, as: meeting places, creative spaces, economic catalysts, social drivers, community, image makers, business forums, and network nodes. Effective design can produce more successful business models that can help to sustain cultural and sporting activities even in difficult economic times. This process requires creative imagination, and a design methodology or in other words 'Imagineering'. This book brings together a wide range of international experts in the fields of events, design and Imagineering to examine the event design process. It explores the entire event experience from conception and production to consumption and co-creation. By doing so it offers insight into effective strategies for coping with the shift in value creation away from transactional economic value towards social and relational value which benefit a range of stakeholders from the community to policy makers. Mega-events, small community events, business events and festivals in eight different countries are examined providing an international view of social issues in event design. A wide selection of current research perspectives are employed, integrating both theoretical and applied contributions. The multidisciplinary nature of the material means that it will appeal to a broad academic audience, such as art and design, cultural studies, tourism, events studies, sociology and hospitality"--
The Meeting professional
Meeting design industry analysis
Doing events research : from theory to practice
Festival and event management in Nordic countries
The Routledge handbook of events
Planning and management of meetings, expositions, events, and conventions
The complete guide to greener meetings and events
Production and logistics in meetings, expositions, events, and conventions
Introduction to hospitality
Planning and managing a corporate event
Event management and sustainability
Special events from A to Z : the complete educator's handbook
Event design : social perspectives and practices
Strategic event creation
Events, society and sustainability : critical and contemporary approaches
Includes the Ultimate Tick List, A-Z Survival Guide, 50 Top Tips and Useful Contacts. This book provides comprehensive and expert guidance on planning and managing a Warner Music Entertainment corporate event. It is written as a support text for students studying event management and to provide a practical guide for aspiring event organisers.
Strategic management for tourism, hospitality and events
How to successfully manage dance-related business in a highly competitive environment
Hospitality & events management
Film festivals and East Asia
Archival film festivals
How to become a succesful event planner : a practical approach to starting and running your own event planning business from home
Critical event studies : approaches to research
Events exposed : managing & designing special events
Mega events in post-Soviet Eurasia : shifting borderlines of inclusion and exclusion
The recent proliferation of events as a subject of study in its own right has signalled the emergence of a new field – event studies. However, whilst the management-inspired notion of planned events, which strives for conceptual slenderness, may indeed be useful for event managers, the moment we attempt to advance knowledge about events as social, cultural and political phenomena, we realise the extent to which the field is theoretically impoverished. Event studies, it is argued, must transcend overt business-like perspectives in order to grasp events in their complexities. This book challenges the reader to reach beyond the established modes of thinking about events by placing them against a backdrop of much wider, critical discourse. Approaches and Methods in Event Studies emerges as a conceptual and methodological tour de force—comprising the works of scholars of diverse backgrounds coming together to address a range of philosophical, theoretical, and methods-related problems. The areas covered include the concepts of eventification and eventual approaches to events, a mobilities paradigm, rhizomatic events, critical discourse analysis, visual methods, reflexive and ethnographic research into events, and indigenous acumen. Researchers and students engaged in the study of events will draw much inspiration from the contributions and from the volume as a whole.
Food and wine events in Europe : a stakeholder approach
The event manager's bible : the complete guide to planning and organising a voluntary or public event
Cultural manager 2020 : visions of future
"Covering hot new trends in the industry, including the rise in first birthday celebrations, environmentally friendly parties, small-plate catering, and more, this startup guide provides entrepreneurs with everything they need to take their event business from concept to reality. Aspiring event planners gain expert advice on logistical startup issues such as finding a location, selecting attorneys and other professionals, writing a solid contract, locating reliable vendors, buying adequate insurance, hiring quality employees, and more. Plus, readers learn success strategies for both full- and part-time event planners. New anecdotes from successful event planners, fresh dollar-stretching ideas, a brand new chapter on social media incorporating key sites such as Instagram and Pinterest, and more industry resources make this book a must-have for anyone entering this fast-paced, high-demand field"--
Comparing Finnish and British live music event health and safety culture : a perspective to the legislations and prevailing practices
Technical management for the performing arts : utilizing time, talent, and money
Event sponsorship
United in diversity : cultural policy and its dimensions
Technical Management for the Performing Arts: Utilizing Time, Talent, and Money is a comprehensive guide to the tools and strategies of a successful technical manager. This book demonstrates how you can coordinate personnel, raw materials, and venues, all while keeping a production on a tight schedule and within budget. From concept to realization, through nightly performances, Technical Management for the Performing Arts focuses on the technical and organization skills a technical manager must demonstrate, and emphasizes the need for creativity and interpersonal management of a team.
CELEBRATING THE PAST : Marketing and Development Plan for Rosenlund
Event power : how global events manage and manipulate
Events and festivals research methods and trends
Marketing in food, hospitality, tourism and events : a critical approach
Planning and management of meetings, expositions, events and conventions
Organization of a large scale music event : planning and production
Approaches and methods in event studies
Developing the festival production : case Metalheim Festival
Sports Event Management and Development : Case Tekojärvihölkkä
This book offers advice to those wishing to pursue a career in this industry who want a clear guide to working in the industry. Tips on where to look for work, skills and qualities needed for the industry and case studies of people in the industry can help students decide if this is the career for them and how to start training.
Event design handbook : systematically design innovative events using the Event Canvas
Wedding Planning and Management: Consultancy for Diverse Clients, 2nd Edition provides students, consultants, vendors, scholars and engaged couples with a comprehensive introduction to the business of weddings. Looking through an event management lens, this is the only book to thoroughly explore the fundamentals of weddings, including historical and cultural foundations, practice, and the business of wedding planning in one volume. An emphasis on diversity, traditions from cultures around the globe are integrated throughout with over 80 international case studies that inspire and set standards for best practice.
Event as form of social movement advocacy : case study: Valsan Karnevaalit
How to organise awesome school events : systems, strategies and practical ideas to eliminate worry and quarantee success!
Events feasibility and development : from strategy to operations
