http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2438 business life
business life
Conditions supporting trust development in relation to the perceived risks in Finnish-Russian business relationships
Doing business in China
Business ethics
Market leader : upper intermediate business English course book
Kazakhstan : the business traveller's handbook
Culture shock! : Pakistan
How to negotiate like a child : unleash the little monster within to get everything you want
The introvert entrepreneur : amplify your strengths and create success on your own terms in ten steps
A companion to business ethics
Intelligent business : coursebook CDs
Role of culture in communication process and atmosphere of business negotiation : a comparative analysis of business negotiations in CEE and ASEAN countries from Finnish firms' perspective
Cross-cultural business behavior : marketing, negotiating, sourcing and managing across cultures
Intelligent business : coursebook
The Hutchinson dictionary of business quotations
Concise dictionary of business terminology
The Asian insider : unconventional wisdom for Asian business
Innovation and regional growth in the European Union  : advances in spatial science
Market leader : advanced business English : course book
Business Russian : a complete course for beginners
Student Perceptions of the Ethics of Professors
The other at the workplace : power and language in a multicultural workplace
Test your business English. Finance
Students' Perceptions of Forest Industries Business Ethics - A Comparative Analysis of Finland and the USA
American business dictionary
How to do business in Finland : researching and organizing a database of knowledge for a cultural training game
Business ethics in global economy
Business creativity : breaking the invisible barriers
Business passport to Japan
Test your professional english : business. Intermediate
The book of leadership wisdom : classic writings by legendary business leaders
Ethical business : challenges and controversies
International business-society management : linking corporate responsibility and globalization
World of business : an intermediate course in business english
The AMA handbook of business letters
Business mathematics
Show your work! : 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered
International business : the new realities
Business ethics and virtue : on Robert C. Solomon's many ways of being ethical
Business opportunities in Northeast China. Part 1, Liaoning province
in company 3.0 : intermediate : teacher's book
The innovator's dilemma : when new technologies cause great firms to fail
Elephant in the room : how relationships make or break the success of leaders and organizations
7 skills that will catapult your career
Remember when
About the Ethics of Business Competition
Developing business ethics in China
This book investigates the EU's regional growth dynamics and, in particular, the reasons why peripheral and socio-economically disadvantaged areas have persistently failed to catch up with the rest of the Union. It shows that the capability of the knowledge-based growth model to deliver its expected benefits to these areas crucially depends on tackling a specific set of socio-institutional factors which prevents innovation from being effectively translated into economic growth. The book takes an eclectic approach to the territorial genesis of innovation and regional growth by combining different theoretical strands into one model of empirical analysis covering the whole EU-25. An in-depth comparative analysis with the United States is also included, providing significant insights into the distinctive features of the European process of innovation and its territorial determinants. The evidence produced in the book is extensively applied to the analysis of EU development policies.
The jelly effect : how to make your communication stick
Elites in Finnish energy policy and biogas as a motor vehicle fuel
From bags to blenders : The Journey of a Yorkshire Businessman
Essentials of corporate communication : implementing practices for effective reputation management
Repair work interaction in business e-mail messages - with special reference to interpersonal metadiscourse
Business first : business general = yleisjakso
Everything is negotiable
Negotiating across cultures
Flip chart games for trainers
The art of business negotiation
Business Ethics in Global Economy
Link-up : business English course. 1
Utilizing development research to guide People Capability Maturity Model adoption considerations
Business Challenges Interactive. User manual
Let's talk business! : a task-based material package of public speaking and small talk in the BELF context
"At your convenience" : politeness strategies in quotation letters written by non-native and native speakers of English
The Blackwell encyclopedic dictionary of business ethics
Communicating across cultures : the key to successful international business communication
A First course in business statistics
Strategic development in lifestyle business
ROI of social media : how to improve the return on your social marketing investment
Factors affecting the success of English language human resources training
Trump : the art of the deal
In company 3.0 : intermediate : student's book
Business benchmark : advanced higher : teacher's resource book
Six Facets of Ethical Leadership : An Executive's Guide to the New Ethics in Business
Embedded sustainability : the next big competitive advantage
Originals : how non-conformists move the world
Discovering your career in business
Jackpot : making the most of business English. Ohjaajan opas
The AMA handbook of public relations
Negotiation : how to craft agreements that give everyone more..
Business communication quarterly
Comparison of Finnish and Spanish business cultures
Link-up : business English course. 2
Business dynamics and scenarios of change : affecting business models and value creation within the ICT sector
Business first : business specific =  ammatilliset opinnot
Decisive : how to make better choices in life and work
Total business design
Understanding business : the connections between common sense and good commercial decisions
Make every minute count
Leadership in organizations
Business first. Chapters 11-20
Business first : basics for business communication
The Confidence Myth : why Women Undervalue Their Skills, and How to Get Over It
Against the gods : the remarkable story of risk
A business enabling network : a case study of a high-tech network : its concepts, elements and actors
Business math for dummies®
Introduction to Management Science
Abstract.
Be quick--but don't hurry : learning success from the teachings of a lifetime
Memory skills in business : basic techniques for improvement
Manging disagreement constructively
Smarter faster better : the secrets of productivity in life and business
Doing business in China : the Sun Tzu way
This text provides a comprehensive survey of the major theories and research on leadership and managerial effectiveness in formal organizations with practical suggestions for improving leadership skills.
Intercultural interactions in business and management
Admen, mad men, and the real world of advertising : essential lessons for business and life
Business foundations
The managing change pocketbook
Business innovation through blockchain : the B3 perspective
The journal of business communication
This day in business history : great corporate tales, commercial milestones, colorful titans, captivating quotes and calmitous blunders for every day of the year
It's not you, it's me
Postmodern Business Ethics - Is It Possible, Is It Relevant?
Reflections on EFL proficiency requirements in the business context : towards bilingualism in professional education in Finland
Indian business and nationalist politics 1931-1939 : the indigenous capitalist class and the rise of the Congress Party
Thinking in new boxes : a new paradigm for business creativity
Asymmetric news effects on volatility : good vs. bad news in good vs. bad times
Seeing what others don't : the remarkable ways we gain insights
The Popcorn report : on the future of your company, your world, your life
In a series of articles specifically commissioned for this volume, some of today's most In a series of articles specifically commissioned for this volume, some of today's most distinguished business ethicists survey the main areas of interest and concern in the field of business ethics. Sections of the book cover topics such as the often uneasy relationship between business ethics and capitalism, the link between business ethics and ethical theory, how ethics applies to specific problems in the business world, the connection between business ethics and related academic disciplines, and the practice of business ethics in modern corporations.The book can be used as a comprehensive text for introductory or advanced courses in business ethics, as a reference for teachers and writers in the field, or as a guide for other academic or business persons who wish to become familiar with the central issues in the field. To enhance its usefulness, the volume includes bibliographies of the relevant literature and a list of internet sources for material on business ethics, and an extensive index.
Market leader : elementary business English course book
Who owns the ice house? : eight life lessons from an unlikely entrepreneur
Women and the new business leadership
Passport Taiwan : Your pocket guide to Taiwanese business, customs & etiquette
25 role plays for negotiation skills
Going international. 11, Conference in Tokyo
Industrial policy for national champions
Business ethics: Are accounting students aware? A Cross-cultural study of four countries
Lestnica : living Russian for businessmen travelling to Russia for the first time = Steps
Approaches to a business negotiation case study : teamwork, humour and teaching
Too big to ignore : the business case for big data
Seasonal patterns in business and everyday life
International business negotiations between Finnish and Chinese business people : a cultural approach
From Social Responsibility to Environmental Responsibility - Changes in the Finnish Business Discourse from 1970 to 1995
Retail therapy : making strategic relationships work
Fearless facilitation : the ultimate field guide to engaging (and involving!) your audience
Russian an German business environment: cultural comparative study
Going international. 10, A new agent
Aalto leaders' insight
Market leader : upper intermediate business english : course book
Critical success factors of Finnish-Mexican interpersonal communication in the business context
Triggers : sparking positive change and making it last
Built to last
Accounting and finance : an introduction
The Japanese negotiator : subtlety and strategy beyond western logic
Power etiquette : what you don't know can kill your career
A bite-sized guide for Finnish SME companies operating in China
Business English words
Bear Meets Dragon - cross-cultural research on the business relations between the companies from southern Satakunta region and China
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
EBRF 2011 : conference proceedings
Uncertainty and business decisions : a symposium on the logic, philosophy and psychology of business decision-making under uncertainty
Profits and professions : essays in business and professional ethics
The myths of creativity : the truth about how innovative companies and people generate great ideas
Management Models in Organizations and Problems of CSR Promotion: Lithuanian Case
The precipice
Expert systems : artificial intelligence in business
China is as tough a business environment as you'll experience anywhere in the world, remaining one of the most complicated places to do business. Just ask all the company executives and entrepreneurs who've tried to do business there, lost money, and closed shop. They learned the hard way that success elsewhere doesn't always lead to riches in China. Alan Refkin and Scott Cray, with Thornhill Capital, have spent years doing business in China, and they have a long-term track record of helping companies navigate the complicated business terrain. In this, their new guide, they share their intimate knowledge of how business is conducted in China. They explore the intricacies of how the Chinese negotiate, discuss ways to better protect yourself from the increased threat of cyberespionage and the theft of your intellectual property, show you how to litigate if necessary, take you through what's needed to successfully interact with government officials, and demonstrate how you can be successful and reap the financial rewards from conducting business in China. Being successful in China is not an accident. What separates the thriving businessperson from those who abandon the country and their dreams for success is preparation. Get the information and tools you need to accomplish your goals, dominate, and win with "Conducting Business in the Land of the Dragon".
"In 'The Woman's Place is in the Boardroom' the authors put the business case for more women on company boards. In the next book they explained how to acheive it. Here the authors discuss the role women directors can play in the reform of corporate governance systems following recent financial, crises in leadership, governance and the economy"--
Single & Single : a novel
Finland, cultural lone wolf
Market leader : pre-intermediate business English course book
Conducting business in the land of the dragon : what every businessperson needs to know about China
Business wisdom : the Penguin book of
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
Business first
Words at work
Leap : a revolution in creative business strategy
A bite-sized guide to Chinese business manners
Executive coach and psychologist Marshall Goldsmith discusses the emotional triggers that set off a reaction or a behavior in us that often works to our detriment. Do you find that at times you suddenly become defensive or enraged by an idle comment from a colleague? Or that your temper rises when another car cuts you off in traffic? Your reactions don't occur in a vacuum. They are the result of emotional and psychological triggers that often happen only in specific settings -- at meetings, or in competitive situations, or with a specific person who rubs you the wrong way, or when you feel under particular pressure. Being able to recognize those triggers and understand how the environment affects our behavior is key to controlling our responses and managing others at work and in life. Make no mistake -- change is hard. And the starting point is the willingness to accept help, and the desire to change. Over the course of this book, Marshall explores the power of active questions to get us to take responsibility for our actions -- and our failure to act. Questions such as "Did I do my best to make progress toward my goal?" "Did I work hard at being fully engaged?" He discusses the importance of structure in effecting permanent change. Because, he points out, change is hard, and without a structure to keep us on track, we inevitably relapse and fall back. Filled with stories from Marshall's work with executives and leaders, Triggers shows readers how to achieve meaningful and sustained change that will allow us to open our imaginations and escape the rigidity of binary thinking.
Business adventures : twelve classic tales from the world of Wall Street
Business first. Chapters 1-10
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of the psychology of coaching and mentoring
The business strategy game : a global industry simulation
Racism and Business Ethics
Darwin and Ethics : Using Natural Selection to Understand Ethical Business and Organizational Behavior
En activo : practical business Spanish
For business ethics : a critical approach
The gender roles in Finnish business
An introduction to business and industry
Speak Out, Step Up, Act NO. Not only do we need more female leaders at the top, but we need more women at all levels of business, government, and nonprofits to step up-there's no time to waste. The problem, says Helene Lerner, isn't so much that women lack confidence but that they misunderstand what confidence really is. True confidence isn't fearlessness; it's having the courage to jump in even when your knees are shaking. Any woman who waits until she feels 100 percent confident before offering a big idea or asking for a raise or promotion will never get anywhere. Drawing on her own and other.
Exploring strategy
Mastering negotiations : key skills in ensuring profitable and successful negotiations
West meets east : a study of cross-institutional business relationships between Finnish/Swedish and overseas Chinese firms
The 50th law
The handbook of communication and corporate social responsibility
Essential do's and taboos : the complete guide to international business and leisure travel
Thanks for the feedback : the science and art of receiving feedback (even when it is off-base, unfair, poorly delivered, and frankly, you're not in the mood)
Advanced negotiation techniques
When : the art of perfect timing
