http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24344 smart houses
smart houses smart homes
Semantic visualization for smart spaces : merging the material and digital worlds
Dynamic environmental indicators for smart homes : assessing the role of home energy management systems in achieving decarbonisation goals in the residential sector
Smart home as a potential market for OEM - equipment company
ArduinoTM + AndroidTM projects for the evil genius : control arduino with your smartphone or tablet
The book addresses issues towards the design and development of Wireless Sensor Network based Smart Home and fusion of Real-Time Data for Wellness Determination of an elderly person living alone in a Smart Home. The fundamentals of selection of sensor, fusion of sensor data, system design, modelling, characterizations, experimental investigations and analyses have been covered. This book will be extremely useful for the engineers and researchers especially higher undergraduate, postgraduate students as well as practitioners working on the development of Wireless Sensor Networks, Internet of Things and Data Mining.
The living, breathing, thinking, responsive buildings of the future
Ageing of population in many countries brings many challenges to researchers and opens new research fields. The number of systems and applications that affect to human living is enormously huge, and more are to come. Among the challenges that are subjects of research domains relevant to Ambient Assisted Living (AAL), interoperability between the systems is one of the most important. Regardless of a great number of implementations of Smart Homes – home platforms and solutions, developed in research circles and available on markets – and the fact that the interoperability aspects were addressed in a number of ways during the last decades, real-world solutions are still well fragmented. In addition, they may contain proprietary elements, and require relatively high development effort to achieve interoperability. Those are limiting factors that affect the appearance of new AAL services. The research objectives of this Master’s theses are the following: to research a state-of-the art service provisioning; to define relevant notions, to specify appropriate details and to identify best practices; and to propose a concept of service provisioning that is independent on existing AAL systems. The research boundaries of this work are determined by the AAL services domain, where stakeholders assist an independent living of domestic users by maintaining a high quality of their lives. An extensive theoretical research on all relevant aspects as well as practical experiments, including a user-driven research, an early inclusion, and field trials were performed. The proposed Decentralised Service Architecture and the refined Smart Living concepts are the major outcomes of the work. The idea of the architecture is to abstract whenever it is possible from the low-level technical interoperability to knowledge-based interoperability via such a high-level medium as the Web, using the Linked Data approach – in order to facilitate the minimum or no development effort for service provisioning. The HoviMestari system is utilising the Decentralised Service Architecture framework that is designed based on needs of elderly people. Some aspects of human living, such as education, work, cultural and social life, range beyond those living environments where Smart Homes operate. The concept of Smart Living is better suitable since it essentially assumes all the aspects of human living being affected with technologies. Technological challenges are similar regardless of a smart space and its domain. Understanding that may bring to a development of generic, unified solutions that could be reusable across smart spaces and domains.
On multilevel planning of intelligent homes : how to avoid excessive trial-and-error iterations when planning personified automation solutions
User-adaptive environment : feasibility of sensors and applications for improving indoor energy efficiency, comfort and well-being
Smart house web application
Financial performance of segments in the intelligent home network
Smart homes : design, implementation and issues
Wireless technologies for ambient assisted living and healthcare : systems and applications
One of the more exciting realities of 21st-century life is that objects are now able with the help of embedded technology to sense, think, act and communicate. Very soon, every building, city and landscape component will be equipped with communicative and computational capacities: we shall be surrounded by sentient architecture. This book documents the role of architecture in shaping this new reality in multiple research trajectories launched and guided by the authors at The University of Toronto, MIT, Harvard Graduate School of Design and the University of Hong Kong. The projects establish an interdisciplinary platform involving artists, designers, scientists and engineers spanning different institutions and continents in a technological approach to spatial problems that is attuned to the dynamics of living systems.
Web technology based smart home interoperability
Introduction to smart eHealth and eCare technologies
Smart homes as service platforms : research report of "Competitive advantage from customer value" : ÄLYKOP sub-project
Home Automation : Smart home technology and template house design
Transformable and kinetic architectural structures : design, evaluation and application to intelligent architecture
Data models for home services
"This book provides explanations of concepts, processes and acronyms related to different areas, issues and trends in various areas of wireless technologies for ambient assisted living and healthcare, focusing on emerging wireless technologies and innovative wireless solutions for smart home environments"--Provided by publisher.
Technologies enabling smart homes
Smart building systems for architects, owners, and builders
Differences between public and home environment AV control and presentation automation
Architectural robotics : ecosystems of bits, bytes, and biology
Involvement of smart end-users in a smart grid
ICT for environmental sustainability : green ICT roadmap
Digital natives' and immigrants' switching behavior in smart home environment : comparative study
A concept of services delivery to modern households : linked data approach
Technology for facility managers : the impact of cutting-edge technology on facility management
Smart city : research highlights
Smart home : a social, technological and virtual learning and development environment
