http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24372 cultural collaboration
cultural collaboration
"Volunteers make important contributions across the spectrum of event settings, most visibly at high profile mega events such as the Olympic Games where volunteers are lauded as 'Games makers', 'unsung heroes' and the like. Less visibly volunteers are the heart and soul of community events and festivals, often undertaking multi - faceted roles from event leadership through to operations, ensuring that these celebrations are made possible in the absence of big budgets and professional event staff. This book is the first to showcase and advance international research into the volunteering experience at events, drawing on the work of key scholars in this field. Events of all sizes benefit from volunteer support but event volunteering research is frequently case study-based and individually these cases make a limited impact. This text brings together cases from around the world, specifically including those that expand theoretical and methodological boundaries. It features mega events like the 2012 Olympics and the 2011 Rugby World Cup, alongside music festivals and sports events. New areas that are examined include the benefits of event volunteering for students, the role of volunteers in social enterprise events and new methodological approaches to researching this phenomenon, specifically ethnographic and cross-national studies. This innovative book acts as a global source of key information for practitioners and researchers, an important text for students of event management and will provide stimulus for further work in this emerging area"--
Narrative/performance : cross-cultural encounters at APPEX
Coordinating digitalisation in Europe : peogress report of the national representatives gorup coordination mechanisms for digitalisation policies and programmes 2005
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Kulttuurivaihtoa käsityön keinoin = Cultural exchange through arts and crafts
Roman hospitality : the professional women of Pompei
Mobility of imagination : a companion guide to international cultural cooperation
Business Plan for Establishing A Sauna Club in Lu'an, China
Examining intercultural effectiveness : a case study of the Finnish-Peruvian 'Salud Mental Infantil y Familiar en Huamalíes' development co-operation project
Forty years of cultural co-operation 1954-94
Restoring culturally appropriate African leadership : a case study of Finnish, Kenyan and Tanzanian perspectives on a leadership and management training programme
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Cultural heritage cooperation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 5
International film cooperation inside the Baltic Sea Region and with Japan
Genetic and cultural evolution of cooperation
Mexico and Finland : 80 years of friendship
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
The words we have spoken will turn into things
Creative economy in the implementation of Northern Dimension Policy
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic sea area
Bear Meets Dragon  : Experiences of cooperation between Pori region's educational and research and development organizations and China
This thesis topic was chosen because of the gap of research conducted in the field of Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute. Intercultural Intelligence itself is not a new field of study though it has many other names such as Intercultural competence. The author, coming from Northern Europe, a very direct and open culture uses an Indonesian Life-Sciences Institute as a case company where management comes from both Western and Asian cultures and observes the implications of such combination. This papers purpose is to give an answer to what is intercultural intelligence in the start up of a life sciences institute. The research was interested of the role of intercultural intelligence in leading life-sciences start-ups and that also became the primary research question. It takes a look into what is leadership, inter- and intra-culture, what are life-sciences and how they differ from medical studies and what is start-up and how to combine the theory into practice. Methodology used in this paper was conveyed by interviews, research by journal articles and observation in the case The case company Indonesia International Institute for Life-Sciences was founded 12.09.2012 with close collaboration with Karolinska Institutet in Sweden. Indonesia is a developing country where the culture differs a lot from Sweden and the Scandinavian region and in order to form a strong relationship between the institutions many factors need to be taken into consideration. Indonesia Institute for Life-Sciences is founded by an Indonesian company called Kalbe Corporation The findings of this paper were that Intercultural Intelligence is a very important part to take into consideration when dealing with different cultures and some cultures are more sensitive than the others. In order to secure smooth collaboration home and host country members have to be aware of the possibility of conflicts in order to be ableto avoid them and make the most out of the collaboration. This paper serves people in the Life-Sciences field who are in touch with intercultural issues and work with newly founded projects. In depth research is needed since the scope and time restrictions of this research were present and further studies are required.
Interventionen : Soziale und kulturelle Entwicklungen durch Arbeiterbewegung = Interventions : the Impact of Labour Movements on Social and Cultural Development
"Learning the culture is a kind of working tool" : the acculturation and adaptation of Finnish development co-operation workers and missionaries in East Africa
Nordic cultural cooperation : joint ventures 1946-1972
South Asian transnationalisms : cultural exchange in the twentieth century
Intercultural communication competence in development cooperation : perceptions by Finnish development workers in Namibia
Cultural heritage co-operation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 6, activities of the monitoring group on cultural heritage in the Baltic Sea states 2009-2011
Finn-Brits magazine
Cultural heritage counts for Europe : position paper of Europa Nostra, the Pan-European Federation for Cultural Heritage
International business : the new realities
Intercultural intelligence in the start-up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Globalization, cultural resources and indigenous peoples : conference report
Healthy ties : social capital, population health and survival
Bear meets dragon : Cooperation between the companies from Pori region and People's Republic of China
Cool nations : media and the social imaginary of the branded country
Culture and cultural development are now internationally recognised as important dimensions of contemporary governance and public policy. The production of accurate and relevant data has become central to cultural policy and how the cultural lives of citizens are understood. Conceptual and practical developments in measurement tools, such as cultural indicators, have the potential to enrich our understanding of culture's role in wellbeing, vitality and citizenship. From UNESCO's benchmarks for cultural freedom to comparative measures of provision and creative cities indices, diverse approaches to quantifying culture and tracking progress now exist. But how useful are all these measures? Are they helping us to keep track of what matters? What opportunities exist to contest, refine or democratise these systems of measurement? Making culture count brings together diverse perspectives from scholars, policy-makers and creative practitioners to explore the burgeoning field of cultural measurement and its political implications.
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Teamwork in operating room nursing : conceptual perspective and Finnish, British and American nurses' and nursing students' experiences
Executive summary.
Making bridges, removing barriers : cross-border cooperation, regionalization and identity at the Finnish-Swedish border
Evaluation of the strategy for Norway's culture and sports cooperation with countries in the South
Cultural heritage co-operation in the Baltic Sea states. Report 3.
Beans and rice vs flatbröd of brunost : Norwegian offshore vessels in Brazil - way to more efficient co-operation in a multicultural vessel environment
Finnishness in cross cultural interaction in international engineering projects
Bear meets dragon : cooperation between the companies from Pori region and People's Republic of China
Intangible heritage
Ageing and the care of older people in Europe
From Northern Periphery to the International Art Arena
Cultural heritage co-operation in the Baltic Sea states. Report 4
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Quest for knowledge : building friendship : 25 years' history of Scandinavia-Japan Sasakawa Foundation
Summary.
Intellectual property, indigenous people and their knowledge
From kinship to global brand : the discourse on culture in Nordic cooperation after World War II
Bridging entrepreneurship education between Russia and Finland : Conference proceedings 2013
Arts & business : exempel på kreativa allianser i Norden = Arts & business : creative alliances - a collection of cases in the North
Making culture count : the politics of cultural measurement
This volume examines the implications and consequences of the idea of 'intangible heritage' to current international academic and policy debates about the meaning and nature of cultural heritage and the management processes developed to protect it. It provides an accessible account of the different ways in which intangible cultural heritage has been defined and managed in both national and international contexts, and aims to facilitate international debate about the meaning, nature and value of not only intangible cultural heritage, but heritage more generally. "Intangible Heritage" fills a significant gap in the heritage literature available and represents a significant cross section of ideas and practices associated with intangible cultural heritage.The authors brought together for this volume represent some of the key academics and practitioners working in the area, and discuss research and practices from a range of countries, including: Zimbabwe, Morocco, South Africa, Japan, Australia, United Kingdom, the Netherlands, USA, Brazil and Indonesia, and bring together a range of areas of expertise which include anthropology, law, heritage studies, archaeology, museum studies, folklore, architecture, Indigenous studies and history.
Nomadic University for Art, Philosophy and Enterprise in Europe : the journey continues 2009-2011
Bear meets Dragon : Cooperation and cross-cultural communication between the companies from Northern Satakunta and People's republic of China
"We present Europe through our cultures" : doing Europe in (international) cultural relations
Culture in the neighbourhood : an Afro-European interaction 1998-2001 = Culture de quartier : une interaction Afrique - Europe 1998-2001 = Kulttuuria lähelläsi : afrikkalais-eurooppalainen vuorovaikutusprojekti 1998-2001
Cultural heritage cooperation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 5 / editor Helena Edgren ; co-editor and co-ordinator Marianne Lehtimäki
Towards cultural cooperation : European City of Culture - Helsinki 2000
Collaboration in practice : a study of language teacher collaboration
Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Developing best practices in event management
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Finlands cultural statistics : meeting of experts : Helsinki, 6 October 1988 : seminar report
Navigating between ideas of democracy and gendered local practices in Vietnam : a Bakhtinian reading of development aid practice
Event volunteering : international perspectives on the event volunteering experience
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
Knjižnični kalejdoskop = Librarian kaleidoscope : knjižnične pobratenih mest i njihovo medkulturano sodelovanje = libraries of twin towns and their intercultural cooperation : Ptuj, Aranđelovac, Saint-Cyr-sur-Loire, Burghausen, Banská Štavnica, Varaždin, Ohrid
Changing room : mobility of non-artistic cultural professionals in Europe : a mobility pilot for cultural operators by Trans Europe Halles : research report
Abstract.
Nomadic University for Art, Philosophy and Enterprise in Europe : the first eight oases 2006-2009
M@ilaillaan : special guests at Osiri Beach
Nation branding is the most recent feature of imagined nation-making in the history of nations. Facing global competition, national decision-makers aim to distinguish their countries from others by means of branding. Quite a few nations have considered the term 'cool' suitable for describing some essence of their country's brand. Cool Nations. Media and the Social Imaginary of the Branded Country traces the mediated ways in which the transnational idea of "cool" has circulated from popular culture, fashion, and marketing into describing nations. The book explores the commodification of the nation, the shift to a promotional political culture, and the role of media in contributing to the circulation of the idea of the Cool Nation. The social imaginary of nation branding takes its theory and practices from marketing, unlike earlier imaginations based on ideas of democracy or citizenship. Cool Nations argues that "cool" is one of the vehicles through which the commodification of nations takes place.
Cultures in cultural cooperation : the influence of cultural differences in the cultural cooperation between Finland and China
Communication and co-operation within intercultural multi-site project environment of a Case Company : Finland, Japan and the United Kingdom
Art beyond borders : artistic exchange in communist Europe (1945-1989)
Cross cultural business communication : a case of Lower Silesia Chamber of Commerce, Wroclaw, Poland
Change in continuity : concepts and tools for a cultural approach to development
They Worked Regular : Craft, Labor, and Family in the Industrial Community of Virginius Island
The human factor : maximising team efficiency through collaborative leadership
New structures and means of cultural cooperation : final report
Role of community participation and local culture in development co-operation : a case-study of Bolivian non-governmental organisations working in the health sector with the Aymara and Quechua people
A lady cyclist's guide to Kashgar
Moving mosaic : exploring collegial collaboration as a way of indentifying and transforming the culture of dance teaching
Kooperation und Konkurrenz : Bibliotheken im Kontext von Kulturinstitutionen
An immigrant nurse is our colleague : how to develop the language and culture in multicultural nursing
The norwegian-russian cultural heritage co-operation = Norvežsko - rossijskoe sotrudničestvo po ohrane kul'turnogo naslediâ : 1995-2008
"After colonization, indigenous people faced an extractive property rights regime for both their land and knowledge. This book outlines that regime, and how the symbolic function of international intellectual property continues today to assist states to enclose indigenous peoples' knowledge. Drawing on more than 200 interviews, Peter Drahos examines the response of indigenous people to the colonizer's non-developmental property rights. The case studies reveal how they have adapted to the state's extractive order through a process of regulatory bricolage. In order to create a new developmental future for themselves, indigenous developmental networks have been forged - high trust networks that include partnerships with science. Intellectual Property, Indigenous People and their Knowledge argues for a developmental intellectual property order for indigenous people based on a combination of simple rules, principles and a process of regulatory convening"--
