http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2436 failure
failure
The financial lives of the poets
Walking away from the pre-acquisition phase
The secret
Judgement, decision making and success in sport
The Martian = Yksin Marsissa
Quicksand
How prophecy lives
The Martian
Why do business fails in West Africa : Case Study Of Globacom Nigeria Limited. “GLO”
Starting to fail : what startups can learn from failure
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail? : case study of an agricultural commodity exchange
Very good lives : the fringe benefits of failure and the importance of imagination
Far from the madding crowd
Peepholes
Clear history
Sorry
Deep cover : the inside story of how DEA infighting, incompetence, and subterfuge lost us the biggest battle of the drug war
Failure / edited by Lisa Le Feuvre
Good Knight, Bad Knight
Oh no! : football oops from Premier league. Part 1.
Song of the skylark
Gravity 3D, [+2D]
The politics of heroin : CIA complicity in the global drug trade : Afghanistan, Southeast Asia, Central America, Colombia
Reducing ICT project failure with scope management
The expedition : a love story : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
Neoliberalism, accountability, and reform failures in emerging markets : Eastern Europe, Russia, Argentina, and Chile in comparative perspective
Whatever happened to Billy Parks?
Why do software development projects fail? : emphasising the supplier's perspective and the project start-up
Outlines a counterintuitive approach to changing the world by assessing its failures, drawing on myriad disciplines to argue that complex challenges must be met through adaptive trial-and-error practices that do not depend on expert opinions or ready-made solutions.
Evening class
The world's worst aircraft : from pioneering failures to multimillion dollar disasters
Market and non-market hierarchies : theory of institutional failure
Born to trouble
Stability and variability in parents' causal attributions for their child's academic success and failure
Cinema of obsession : erotic fixation and love gone wrong in the movies
Fame and failure 1720-1800 : the unfulfilled literary life
Killing the sale : the 10 fatal mistakes salespeople make and how to avoid them
Over the years, Information Communications and Technology projects have had a high rate of failure according to previous research findings. The aim of this thesis is to investigate the various factors causing project failure and to show how the problem can be eliminated or reduced by effectively managing the scope of projects. The research approach used was a qualitative method with an empirical investigation. The thesis was divided into two parts, the Theoretical part and Empirical part. The theoretical part introduces the reader to some important literature in ICT project management and knowledge areas. The theoretical part also introduces the various factors of success and failure as published by the Standish Group, in the Chaos Reports. The Empirical part of the thesis further investigates the reasons of failure and shows the role of Scope Management in ICT projects through the interview of professional project managers. The results of this thesis established the important nature of scope management in ICT projects. The results of the thesis further indicated that there was the need for scoping of the project to begin as early as the procurement stage. The result further showed that Scope should be prioritized as a major constraint above the other constraints in project management. The results of this thesis will be useful to all stakeholders involved in ICT projects.
Development and evaluation of a lightweight root cause analysis method in software project retrospectives
The girls' guide to hunting and fishing
Characteristics of the process supersede characteristics of the debtor explaining failure to recover by legal reorganization proceedings
McBain
Black box thinking : marginal gains and the secrets of high performance
The big truck that went by : how the world came to save Haiti and left behind a disaster
You can change your life : easy steps to getting what you want
Why the EU fails : Learning from past experiences to succeed better next time
Adapt : why success always starts with failure
Bounce : how champions are made
The losers
The perfect Percival Priggs
The expedition : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
High dive
Million dollar mistakes : steering your music career clear of lies, cons, catastrophes, and landmines
The big bento box of unuseless japanese inventions : the art of Chindogu
"An analysis of the failure of neoliberal market reforms in producing sustained growth in emerging markets. Focuses on problems with weak accountability institutions, and collusion between government and business, political patronage, and corruption"--Provided by publisher.
Winning : reflections on an American obsession
A survival guide for life : how to achieve your goals, thrive in adversity and grow in character
"The pursuit of science by professional scientists every day bears less and less resemblance to the perception of science by the general public. It is not the rule-based, methodical system for accumulating facts that dominates the public view. Rather it is the idiosyncratic, often bumbling search for understanding in mostly uncharted places. It is full of wrong turns, cul-de-sacs, mistaken identities, false findings, errors of fact and judgment-and the occasional remarkable success. The widespread but distorted view of science as infallible originates in an education system that teaches nothing but facts using very large, very frightening textbooks, and is spread by media that report on discoveries but almost never on process. It is further reinforced by politicians who pay for it and want to use it to determine policy and therefore want it right and, worst of all, sometimes by scientists who learn early on that talking too much about failures and not enough about successes can harm their careers. Failure, then, is a book that seeks to make science more appealing by exposing its faults. In this sequel to Ignorance, Stuart Firestein shows us that scientific enterprise is riddled with failures, and that this is not only necessary but good. Failure reveals how science got its start, when humans began to use a process-trial and error-as a kind of recipe that includes a hefty dose of failure. It gives the non-scientifically trained public an insider's view of how science is actually done, with the aim of making it accessible, comprehensible, and entertaining."--Publisher description.
"If America worships success, then why has the nation's literature dwelled obsessively on failure? This book explores encounters with failure by nineteenth-century writers - ranging from Edgar Allan Poe and Herman Melville to Mark Twain and Sarah Orne Jewett - whose celebrated works more often struck readers as profoundly messy, flawed and even perverse. Reading textual inconsistency against the backdrop of a turbulent nineteenth century, Gavin Jones describes how the difficulties these writers faced in their faltering search for new styles, coherent characters and satisfactory endings uncovered experiences of blunder and inadequacy hidden in the culture at large. Through Jones's treatment, these American writers emerge as the great theorists of failure who discovered ways to translate their own social insecurities into complex portrayals of a modern self, founded in moral fallibility, precarious knowledge and negative feelings"--
The Stanford prison experiment
False starts : the rhetoric of failure and the making of American modernism
Born losers : a history of failure in America
Grand piano
The martian
So you've been publicly shamed
Learning from entrepreneurial failure : emotions, cognitions, and actions
Gravity 3D
Failure : why science is so successful
Seize the day
The EU : an obituary
The hippopotamus
The halo effect : ...and the eight other business delusions thet deceive managers
Apocalypse on the set : nine disastrous film productions
Empowerment as a dimension of service recovery - an organizational perspective : experiences from the travel industry
The world's worst cars : from pioneering failures to multimillion dollar disasters
Ontology of the accident : an essay on destructive plasticity
The sense of an ending
How They Blew it: the CEOs and entrepreneurs behind some of the world's most catastrophic business failures
The innovation paradox : the success of failure, the failure of success
Năm hũ vàng = Five golden jars : diligence brings fortune, laziness gains nothing
Billy Bramble and the great big cook off
From the idea that the Earth could be hollow, to the notion that bees were far too religious to bother with sex, to the claim that a dying civilisation might inhabit Mars, there have been many crackpot scientific ideas and schemes proposed throughout history. Some of these ideas remained the preserve of the lunatic fringe, whilst others were sincerely believed in by credible mainstream figures and were even put into actual practice. S.D. Tucker discusses the history and nature of several of the most bizarre and outmoded ideas from throughout history, discovering which had a grain of truth to them and which were always destined to end up on the scrapheap of history.
Developing an access controller for Conmio Ltd's services
The Rise : creativity, the gift of failure, and the search for mastery
This highly unique book takes a fundamental look at when and how a government can fail at its core responsibility of formulating rules. Government, representing society, relates to the economy by formulating the rules within which (market) players should operate. Although market and business failure are much discussed in the economics literature, government failure is often overlooked. This book addresses this gap, exploring in detail what constitutes government failure. Wilfred Dolfsma illustrates that it is not adequate to discuss government failure simply with reference to its level of expenditure, as is usually the case. Defining government failure and analysing it in the domains of health care, innovation and technology, he explores topics such as how market and society relate, consequences of conflicts between government policies, how government should (not) intervene, the vulnerability of institutions and rules (set out by government), and suggests a welfare perspective for evaluative purposes. This stimulating and thought provoking book will prove a fascinating read for academics, researchers and advanced students in economics - particularly public choice and institutional economics - public administration, policy studies, and law and economics.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The ultimate book of heroic failures
The obstacle is the way : the ancient art of turning adversity to advantage
Combat shock
Great brand blunders : the worst marketing and social media meltdowns of all time ... and how to avoid your own
"A guide to overcoming adversity by drawing on the wisdom of the ancient Stoics"--
The feast of the goat
Failing at school : lessons for redesigning urban high schools
The shipping news
The failure of socialism in South Korea : 1945-2007
One hundred names
Batty Betty's spell
Why alarms fail : a cognitive explanatory model
Failure and the American Writer : a Literary History
Home land
This thesis is the result of a failed project in which its author was tasked to create a Single Sign-On access controller for Conmio Ltd, the orderer of the thesis. The goal was to provide a custom-built solution for Conmio that would fit the company's internal needs in a way which other general purpose systems couldn't.    The even initially ambitious goal was further on expanded after a questionnaire was performed to collect the company's internal requirements and more importantly by the lacking definition of limits for the system's core component, Role Base Access Control based access controller which both together caused the scope of the project to go way beyond the desirable scope for a single-man project. As a result, the project failed after being delayed in total for over a year.    The analysis of this thesis focuses on the reasons which caused the actual project to fail. As a conclusion a better way of approaching a similar piece of work is suggested.
Reducing ICT Project Failure With Scope Management
Establishing a Small Enterprise in Varkaus and Factors behind Success  and Failure of Small Businesses
Socialism : institutional, philosophical and economic issues
The disaster artist : my life inside The room, the greatest bad movie ever made
Atlas of history's greatest disasters & mistakes : the 50 most significant moments explored in words and maps
The now habit : a strategic program for overcoming procrastination and enjoying guilt-free play
Judgment, Decision-Making and Success in Sport presents a thorough overview and assessment of the study of Judgment and Decision-Making (JDM) in sports psychology, and represents an important source of information for those interested in the possible causes and reasons for success and failure in sport. Applies theory to practice by looking at problems of athletes, coaches, and referees and providing recommendations for dealing with them. Offers an overview of current JDM research.
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail?
Attitude 101: what every leader needs to know
Government failure : society, markets and rules
What about me? : the struggle for identity in a market-based society
How to save a failing project : chaos to control
Forgotten science : strange ideas from the scrapheap of history
Failure of international assignments and the importance of the spouse's adjustment : a case study
The worst cars ever sold
Argues that failures in structural engineering are not necessarily due to the physical design of the structures, but instead a misunderstanding of how cultural and socioeconomic constraints would affect the structures.
In September 1984, a man calling himself Roy Walsh checked into The Grand Hotel in Brighton and planted a bomb in room 629. The device was primed to explode in twenty-four days, six hours and six minutes, when intelligence had confirmed that Margaret Thatcher and her whole cabinet would be staying in the hotel. Taking us inside one of the twentieth century..s.. most ambitious assassination attempts .. ..'making history personal', as one character puts it .. ..Lee..s.. novel moves between the luxurious hospitality of a British tourist town and the troubled city of Belfast, Northern Ireland, at the height of the armed struggle between the Irish Republican Army and those loyal to the UK government. Jonathan Lee has been described as ..a.. major new voice in British fiction' (Guardian) and here, in supple prose that makes room for laughter as well as tears, he offers a darkly intimate portrait of how the ordinary unfolds into tragedy.
What's stopping you : why smart people don't always reach their potential, and how you can
Learning the hard way : how a narrative structure can bring out the positive power of failure
Bank failure and the impact on the banking industry : case: Ecobank
The physics of vulnerability is simple: If we are brave enough often enough, we will fall. This is a book about what it takes to get back up and how owning our stories of disappointment, failure, and heartbreak gives us the power to write a daring new ending. Struggle can be our greatest call to courage and Rising Strong, our clearest path to deeper meaning, wisdom and hope.
"A guide not just for overcoming the obstacles that hold us back-but for using them for great benefit   The great Athenian orator Demosthenes was born with a crippling speech impediment and was robbed of his inheritance by cruel guardians. Samuel Zemurray was a poor roadside fruit peddler pitted against the behemoth United Fruit Company. Ulysses S. Grant found himself stuck across the Mississippi river, desperately trying to break into the impenetrable fortress of Vicksburg.  These icons and many others throughout history-from John D. Rockefeller to Amelia Earhart to Richard Wright to Steve Jobs-were often placed in nearly impossible situations that turned out to be the platforms for astounding triumphs. They were not exceptionally brilliant, lucky, or gifted. Their success in overcoming extreme obstacles was the result of a timeless set of philosophical principles that great men and women have always followed.  Now Ryan Holiday unpacks those lessons and reframes them for today's world, building on the wisdom of the ancient Stoics and a rich trove of examples. He shows us how to turn obstacles into advantages, through controlling our perceptions, swift and energetic action, and true force of will"--
Perceiving the causes of success and failure
Bounce : how to bounce back from just about anything
