http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24352 amigurumi
amigurumi
Once upon a time... in crochet : 30 amigurumi characters from your favourite fairytales
Crochet bakemono (monsters!)
Angry Birds amigurumi and more
"This is knot your mother's crocheting book. Voodoo Maggie knows cute and these are possibly the cutest creatures that can be created with colored yarn. There are adorable Koala Bears, Darling Dachsunds, Snuggly Bats, and the not-very-fearsome but actually-kinda-cute Yeti. Altogether here are 18 creatures that Voodoo Maggie is willing to unleash on a world yearning for some serious cuteness. Full of colorful photos to help guide you through the patterns, this book has projects even beginners can complete in a weekend or less. Some can be done in a day! All the knitting instructions and step-by-step illustrations are provided so you can coax this marvelous menagerie into cuddly reality"--
Teenytiny crochet : 35 adorably small projects
Hello my name is Amineko : the story of crafty crochet cat : make me and all my stuff too!
Scary cute : 25 amigurumi monsters to make
Super-super Cute Crochet : Discover 35 Fun and Fluffy Friends to Crochet
Ami ami dogs : seriously cute crochet
Huge & huggable mochimochi : 20 supersized patterns for big knitted friends
AmiguruME : make cute crochet people
Mini knitted woodland : cute & easy knitting patterns for animals, birds & other forest life
Tasty cute : 25 amigurumi gourmet treats to make
The night before Christmas in crochet : the complete poem with easy-to-make amigurumi characters
Ami Ami kittens : seriously cute crochet!
Zoo animal friends : 10 tiny cuties with mix-and-match accessories
Amigurumi animals : 15 patterns and dozens of techniques for creating cute crochet creatures
Amigurumi two! : crocheted toys for me and you and baby too
Super-scary mochimochi : 20+ cute & creepy creatures to knit
Donna Wilson's 35 knitted animals and other creatures : 35 unique and quirky patterms to create
Amigurumi knits : patterns for 20 cute mini knits
Ami ami dogs 2 : more seriously cute crochet
Tiny yarn animals : amigurumi friends to make and enjoy
Knit this doll! : a step-by-step guide to knitting your own customizable amigurumi doll
Amigurumi world : seriously cute crochet
Teeny-tiny mochimochi : more than 40 itty-bitty minis to knit, wear, and give
Crocheted finger puppets
Adventures in Mochi-Mochi Land : tall tales from a tiny, knitted world
Amigurumi fairy tales
Amigurumi : make 15 crocheted toys and learn how design hundreds more
Knit Wit : 20 fun projects for beginners and seasoned knitters
Voodoo Maggie's adorable amigurumi : cute and quirky crochet critters
The complete idiot's guide to amigurumi
Knitting mochimochi : 20 super-cute strange desings for knitting amigurumi
