http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24347 first thinning
first thinning
Review of wood fuel from precommercial thinning in Great Britain
Wood fuel from early thinning and plantation cleaning : an international review
The effect on stand development of different spacing after planting and precommercial thinning in Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) stands
Abstract.
Utilization of first-thinning Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) as raw material for production of fine papers
Methodology for choice of harvesting system for energy wood from early thinning
Timing and intensity of precommercial thinning and their effects on the first commercial thinning in Scots pine stands
Long-term effects of precommercial thinning on the stem dimensions, form and branch characteristics of red spruce and balsam fir crop trees in Maine, USA
Timber harvester operators' working technique in first thinning and the importance of cognitive abilities on work productivity
Effects of early thinning regime and tree status on the radial growth and wood density of Scots pine
Airborne laser scanning based forest inventory for forest management by applying novel metrics and multiple data sources
Harvesting undelimbed Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) from first thinnings for integrated production of kraft pulp and energy
Effect of early thinning on the diameter growth distribution along the stem of Scots pine
Fuelwood from early thinnings
Comparison of boom-corridor thinning and thinning from below harvesting methods in young dense Scots pine stands
Abstract: The development of young Scots pine stands - precommercial and first commercial thinning.
Understanding the characteristics of unutilized biomass resources, such as small-diameter trees from biomass-dense thinning forests (BDTF) (non-commercially-thinned forests), can provide important information for developing a bio-based economy. The aim of this study was to describe the areal distribution, characteristics (biomass of growing stock, tree height, etc.) and harvesting potential of BDTF in Sweden. A national forest inventory plot dataset was imported into a geographical information system and plots containing BDTF were selected by applying increasingly stringent constraints. Results show that, depending on the constraints applied, BDTF covers 9-44% (2.1-9.8 M ha) of the productive forest land area, and contains 7-34% of the total growing stock (119-564 M OD t), with an average biomass density of 57 OD t ha-1. Of the total BDTF area, 65% is located in northern Sweden and 2% corresponds to set-aside farmlands. Comparisons with a study from 2008 indicate that BDTF area has increased by at least 4% (about 102 000 ha), in line with general trends for Sweden and Europe. Analyses revealed that the technical harvesting potential of delimbed stemwood (over bark, including tops) from BDTF ranges from 3.0 to 6.1 M OD t yr-1 (7.5 to 15.1 M m3 yr-1), while the potential of whole-tree harvesting ranges from 4.3 to 8.7 M OD t yr-1 (10.2 to 20.6 M m3 yr-1) depending on the scenario considered. However, further technological developments of the harvest and supply systems are needed to utilize the full potential of BDTF..
Mechanised precommercial thinning
Harvesting technology and cost of fuel chips from early thinnings
Case study plastic log chute in steep terrain thinning operations
Harvesting alternatives, accumulation and procurement cost of small-diameter thinning wood for fuel in Central Finland
Quality and yield of pulpwood in drained peatland forests : pulpwood properties of Scots pine in stands of first commercial thinnings
An example of terrain chipping system in first commercial thinning
The use of first-thinning Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) as fiber raw material for the kraft pulp and paper industry
The effect of supply system on the wood paying capability of a kraft pulp mill using Scots pine harvested from first thinnings
Distribution, characteristics and potential of biomass-dense thinning forests in Sweden
Opportunities for cost mitigation and efficiency improvements through rationalization of small-diameter energy wood supply chains
Labour consumption models applied to motor-manual pre-commercial thinning in Finland
Small multi-function machines and multi-tree harvesting in first thinnings
Raw material balance for debarking and chipping of pine pulpwood from first thinnings at a Finnish pulp mill
