http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24338 sensor networks
sensor networks
Evaluations and analysis of IR-UWB receivers for personal medical communications
Remarks on the development of nanotechnology and nanosensors
Abstract.
Generic sensor network architecture for wireless automation (GENSEN)
sensor network, using Wi-Fi. The system consists of Wi-Fi based sensor modules to access bio-medical signals from patients and send the data to a remote server via Wi-Fi access point or router. The server updates the database in real-time. The webserver application accesses data from the database and updates the webpage in the form of live streaming graphs like ECG (Electrocardiography).
Advancement in sensing technology : new developments and practical applications
Pervasive environments are physical spaces saturated with devices collecting data, controlling the environment, and interacting with users. These environments support human users in their everyday tasks so that the users can focus on their own tasks and access services and resources whenever and wherever they want. Such environments are also called smart spaces. Knowledge-based systems would enable realizing a variety of intelligent applications for pervasive environments. Generally, such systems recognize the situation in the environment from sensor data and utilize automated reasoning techniques to respond to the situation and the needs of the users.However, building knowledge-based systems for pervasive environments presents challenges. This dissertation focuses on the challenge of data and knowledge representations. Knowledge-based systems utilize expressive knowledge representations that are verbose and require sufficient resources in order to use them. Most devices in pervasive environments cannot handle these representations as the devices have limited resources for computation, storage, and communication. The main aim of this dissertation is to tackle this challenge. That is, on the one hand, pervasive environments demand data and knowledge representations that do not require many resources from the resource-constrained devices; and on the other hand, the representations should be compatible with the knowledge-based systems. Specifically, a general solution is required that enables many applications to use the same data with minimal effort from application developers.This dissertation presents a novel representation, Entity Notation (EN), to tackle these challenges. EN is designed as a general lightweight representation for data and knowledge. EN expresses entities, their properties, and property values. This structure resembles the triple structure of Resource Description Framework (RDF) and Web Ontology Language (OWL). Hence, sensor data in EN syntax can be transformed into common knowledge models in a straightforward manner and utilized with ease by knowledge-based systems. EN Schema is designed for transferring advanced knowledge models. Moreover, EN also offers an approach to shorten the format with templates and prefixes. This way, EN can be utilized by resource-constrained devices and environments. Our evaluation verifies that small devices can utilize EN to transfer data and knowledge to devices realizing intelligent functions, such as inference. Moreover, the expressive power of EN is comparable with the alternative representations. Finally, resource consumption is verified by prototypes. Based on the evaluation, we can conclude that EN can facilitate harnessing the full potential of pervasive environments.
Positioning in wireless networks : non-cooperative and cooperative algorithms
Energy efficiency improvements for wireless sensor networks by using cross-layer analysis
Sensor placement optimization
Uncooled infrared imaging sensors
Beginning Sensor Networks with Arduino and Raspberry Pi
Pervasive healthcare monitoring based on Internet of things
Wireless data logger : a joint use of frequency converter and wireless sensor network
Topology control multi-objective optimisation in wireless sensor networks : connectivity-based range assignment and node deployment
Wireless body area networks : technology, implementation, and applications
Mobility control in wireless sensor network : a simulation case study
Smart sensors and systems : innovations for medical, environmental, and IoT applications
Experiences from designing a wearable interface for an interaction through breathing
Wireless sensor network integration with frequency converter by using multi-hop protocol
"Unlike other books on wireless sensors networks, this unique reference focuses on methods of application, validation and testing based on real deployments of sensor networks in the clinical and home environments. Key topics include healthcare and wireless sensors, sensor network applications, designs of experiments using sensors, data collection and decision making, clinical deployment of wireless sensor networks, contextual awareness medication prompting field trials in homes, social health monitoring, and the future of wireless sensor networks in healthcare."--Publisher description.
Wireless sensor networks for healthcare applications
Wireless sensor network and monitoring for environment
Small world for dynamic wireless cyber-physical systems
Evaluating medium access control protocols for wireless sensor networks
Selective monitoring in wireless sensor network intrusion detection systems
Wireless sensor system for monitoring and control
Camera integration to wireless sensor node
Sensor networks have many interesting applications with great utility; however their actually deployment and realization rely on continuous innovations and solutions to many challenging problems. Thus sensor networks have recently attracted the attention of many researchers and practitioners. The compilation of the Handbook on Sensor Networks will meet the demand of the sensor network community for a comprehensive reference and summary of the current state of the area.The Handbook on Sensor Networks is a collection of approximately 40 chapters on sensor network theory and applications. The book spans a wide spectrum and includes topics in medium access control routing security and privacy coverage and connectivity modeling and simulations multimedia energy efficiency localization and tracking design and implementation as well as sensor network applications.
Localization and time synchronization services for resource constrained wireless sensor networks
Sensor Networks Roadmap
Development of sensor integrated and inkjet-printed tag antennas for passive UHR RFID systems
Wireless systems in greenhouse
Wireless vital signs monitoring system for ubiquitous healthcare with practical tests and reliability analysis
Advanced wireless networks : technology and business models
Designing a retail intelligence platform for scale
Road Traffic Monitoring Using Noise Sensor Networks;Vehicle Speed Detection
"In the last decade, wireless or wired sensor networks have attracted much attention. However, most designs target general sensor network issues including protocol stack (routing, MAC, etc.) and security issues. This book focuses on the close integration of sensing, networking, and smart signal processing via machine learning. Based on their world-class research, the authors present the fundamentals of intelligent sensor networks. They cover sensing and sampling, distributed signal processing, and intelligent signal learning. In addition, they present cutting-edge research results from leading experts"--
Smart sensors for health and environment monitoring
Design and implementation of a self-organizing mobile routing network (SOMORON) protocol
Today, industries and consumer markets are increasingly using services exposed from wireless sensor and actuator networks. Such systems are here referred to as cyber-physical machine-to-machine systems. These systems rely on the capability to communicate, compute, monitor and control by using information. The motivation for the present research arises from problems detected in the remote interaction with embedded devices over dynamic wireless networks in such systems. The problems are caused by the heterogeneity of devices, networks and operating environments, mobility, dynamic presence, security demands of the owners and of use, multiple radios, unreliability, dynamic topologies, and changes happening in the system.The approach selected in this research to address these problems is based on the application of the small-world paradigm to cyber-physical systems. The small-world paradigm is based on the observation that people are often linked in a successful social communication chain by, on average, six intermediate steps. In the present study, it is assumed that the concept of small world can be expanded to also cover communication with wireless embedded devices in cyber-physical systems context. In addition, it is expected that creation of wireless short-cuts can, in accordance with the small-world paradigm, improve the scalability and efficiency of dynamic wireless networking.The main contributions of this research are the technical enablers referred to as dynamic communication spaces, dynamic M2M service spaces, configuration and remote use of services, communication overlay, access systems selection, integrated mobility, secure ad hoc networking, situated opportunistic communication, hierarchical networking for small-world networks, and short-cuts for network optimization. Each of the provided technical enablers contributes towards making remote interaction withembedded devices over dynamic wireless networks possible. The enablers have been evaluated as separate technical methods and means by means of experiments and/or simulations. On the basis of the analysis and synthesis, it was established that they work well as separate building blocks and that they can be combined to expand the concept of small world to also cover communication with embedded devices. Furthermore, it was established that creation of wireless short-cuts can, in accordance with the small-world concept, improve the scalability and efficiency of dynamic wireless networking. In addition, weak links were observed to be essential in the small-world neighbour discovery process. In sum, the evaluation results indicate that the provided enablers help the remote interaction with embedded devices and promote the application of the smallworld concept to dynamic wireless cyber-physical systems.
Introduction to surveillance studies
Media access control and time synchronization in delay-sensitive multi-channel wireless sensor networks
Binary information sensing and multiterminal source coding : rate-distortion analysis and transmission design
Intelligent sensor networks : the integration of sensor networks, signal processing, and machine learning
Principles of wireless sensor networks
Abstracting application development for resource constrained wireless sensor networks
Application-driven data processing in wireless sensor networks
A-Stack : a TDMA framework for reliable, real-time and high data-rate wireless sensor networks
Protocol Implementation Using TI’s SimpliciTI Platform
Enhancing innovation capability and business opportunities : cases of SME-oriented applied research
Abstract: In this thesis the wireless sensor network feasibility of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller will be analysed. Due to the fast evolving field of embedded wireless applications, this project was initiated by the Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Science in order to provide a platform for future projects. The main part of this thesis will discuss the the nRFgo software development kit and the hardware hardware of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller. Tools that have been used are an integrated development environment provided by the Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences and a C language compiler named SDCC. As a result, this study has deepened the understanding of the hardware and the nRFgo software development kit and their capabilities. The microcontroller has some excellent characteristics that makes it an interesting object in order to build wireless sensor networks. The system on a chip architecure makes it a meaningful tool for sensing and communication. This thesis gives an introduction into wirless sensor networks and the properties of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller with a build in radio frequncy unit, demonstrating the capabilities of this promissing system on a chip microcontroller and enabling further research in the field of wireless embedded networking and wireless sensor networks for the Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences.
Impulse radio ultra-wideband (IR-UWB) technology, due to its baseband signaling, potentially offers a low cost, low complexity and low power consumption option for different short range sensor network applications. These sensor networks can be applied to many kinds of future implementations, including the Internet of Things (IoT) applications. In the medical and healthcare context, the term wireless body area network (WBAN) is often used, but, as mentioned, the wireless technology itself can be applied to any kind of body, e.g., to car or robot body networks.This thesis studies IR-UWB receivers' performances in different hospital environment channel models by means of computer simulation. The main focus is on receivers that are capable of detecting the signals specified either in the IEEE 802.15.4-2015 or in the IEEE 802.15.6-2012 standards. The used channel models from two independent research groups include both on-body to on-body and on-body to off-body scenarios in different hospital environments.The evaluations and comparisons of various receivers include energy detector (ED) and rake receivers, the latter with both selective- and partial-rake structures. One of the studied receiver structures is further analyzed as it was noticed that the simulation results did not correspond to the assumed theoretical bit error probability (BEP) curves. Along the standards based studies, some modifications are also suggested for the two existing IR-UWB standards for increased compatibility and improved performance. One of the propositions resulted a Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) patent application. Additionally, an extensive survey is provided offering a compilation which includes presentations of IR-UWB research by other researchers, existing standards' IR-UWB physical layer (PHY) specifications and the main global regulations concerning UWB.
Methods and systems for vision-based proactive applications
Self-Organizing Routing Protocol for Bluetooth Low Energy Sensor Networks
of non-collaborating neighbouring nodes in order to save energy. If it needs information regarding non-collaborating nodes, it uses reputation to obtain it. The simulation results clearly shows that the proposed method saves lot of energy.
Improving RSSI based distance estimation for wireless sensor networks : a statistical analysis
Wireless sensor networks
Movement tracking of sports team players with wireless sensor network
Encyclopedia on ad hoc and ubiquitous computing : theory and design of wireless ad hoc, sensor, and mesh networks
Power allocation algorithm for MIMO based Multi-hop co-operative sensor network
Wireless sensor systems in indoor situation modeling II (WISM II)
Research about wireless sensor network feasibility of the nRF24LE1D microcontroller
Wireless sensor system for recycling
Beginning Sensor Networks with Arduino and Raspberry Pi teaches you how to build sensor networks with Arduino, Raspberry Pi, and XBee radio modules, and even shows you how to turn your Raspberry Pi into a MySQL database server to store your sensor data! First you'll learn about the different types of sensors and sensor networks, including how to build a simple XBee network. Then you'll walk through building an Arduino-based temperature sensor and data collector, followed by building a Raspberry Pi-based sensor node. Next you'll learn different ways to store sensor data, including writing to an SD card, sending data to the cloud, and setting up a Raspberry Pi MySQL server to host your data. You even learn how to connect to and interact with a MySQL database server directly from an Arduino! Finally you'll learn how to put it all together by connecting your Arduino sensor node to your new Raspberry Pi database server. If you want to see how well Arduino and Raspberry Pi can get along, especially to create a sensor network, then Beginning Sensor Networks with Arduino and Raspberry Pi is just the book you need.
Ubiquitous healthcare system based on a wireless sensor network
Anomaly detection in wireless sensor networks
Improving robustness and disposability of integrated Young interferometer sensors for portable diagnostics
C4I2-tools for future battlefield warrior
This book describes the technology used for effective sensing of our physical world and intelligent processing techniques for sensed information, which are essential to the success of Internet of Things (IoT). The authors provide a multidisciplinary view of sensor technology from materials, process, circuits, and big data domains and showcase smart sensor systems in real applications including smart home, transportation, medical, environmental, agricultural, etc. Unlike earlier books on sensors, this book provides a “global” view on smart sensors covering abstraction levels from device, circuit, systems, and algorithms. Profiles active research on smart sensors based on CMOS microelectronics; Describes applications of sensors and sensor systems in cyber physical systems, the social information infrastructure in our modern world; Includes coverage of a variety of related information technologies supporting the application of sensors; Discusses the integration of computation, networking, actuation, databases, and various sensors, in order to embed smart sensor systems into actual social systems.
Security management process in distributed, large scale high performance systems
Distance-based sensor node localization by using ultrasound, RSSI and ultra-wideband : a comparision between the techniques
Energy consumption analysis of secure and clustered wireless sensor networks
Greenhouse monitoring with Wireless Sensor Network
Knowledge discovery from sensor data
Strategy for wireless transmission disturbances detection and identification in industrial wireless sensor networks
The application of ad hoc technology in military sensors
An architecture for wireless sensors in distributed management of electrical distribution systems
Robust clustering and neural network training with dimension reduction for industrial use
Wireless sensor network for elderly care : applicability and limitations
Wireless ad hoc and sensor networks : management, performance, and applications
Large-scale high-performance video surveillance
Immediate invisible
Soft computing applications in sensor networks
Urban traffic analysis with bus location data
From problem toward solution : wireless sensor networks security
Handbook on array processing and sensor networks
Lightweight data and knowledge exchange for pervasive environments
This doctoral thesis presents a novel method for detecting and identifying radio channel disturbances. Wireless transmission in factory environments occasionally becomes degraded due to harsh radio signal propagation conditions. The most disruptive disturbances are caused by other wireless devices (co-channel and adjacent interference), environmental characteristics such as metal constructions and heavy equipment (signal fading), and electrical and mechanical equipment (noise). We have performed extensive measurements in different industrial environments to study the effects of different radio channel disturbances on signal propagation. The obtained measurement results led us to develop signal analysis methods and a disturbance detector based on a classifier. The classifier was tested in a real industrial environment; these tests showed an encouraging detection performance.Signal analysis is performed both in time and frequency domains. In the time domain, the probability density function (PDF) method is used. It is based on detecting the PDF shape variations calculated from the received signal and their correlation to the environmental changes in the radio channel. In the frequency domain, spectrogram analysis is performed. Here, we calculate the spectrogram of each received data packet, and by applying image analysis tools on the spectrograms, we obtain the required information on the received signal and on other radio transmissions which may have disturbed our radio signal transmission. The recognition and identification of the radio channel disturbances is based on the fusion of the signal magnitude analysis (PDF) and spectrogram analysis with a classifier.We also discuss the development process of a classifier-based tool towards an embedded solution. The classifier was developed and extensively tested using USPR N210, ETTUS SDR (Software Defined Radio). The classifier proved to be a feasible solution for detecting and identifying reliability flaws of wireless transmission in the industrial environment, and will be further developed into a portable, small-sized SDR-based tool.
Energy harvesting solution for the UWASA Node : applications for wind turbine monitoring
System level design issues in low-power wireless sensor networks
Application server for wireless sensor networks
Nanoscale sensor networks : the THz band as a communication channel
Synchronization in wireless sensor networks : parameter estimation, performance benchmarks, and protocols
Acceptance in ambient assisted living services for elder people
RF-based indoor localization for wireless sensor networks
Learning from data streams : processing techniques in sensor networks
Wireless sensor and ad hoc networks under diversified network scenarios
Ad hoc and sensor networks : theory and applications
Protocol Framework Design for CC2510 Based Data-Gathering Sensor Network
Radio frequency identification and wireless sensor networks in supply chain management
Multifaceted optimization of energy efficiency for stationary WSN applications
Cross layer optimization for signal reliability in wireless sensor networks
This thesis focuses on THz band channel modeling and characterization. This vast frequency band spans from 100 GHz to 10 THz. The approximately 10,000 GHz bandwidth together with advances in THz capable electronics have made this band highly potential for many future applications, e.g., imaging and nanodevice-to-nanodevice communications. The latter is the reference application of this thesis and it focuses on the communication among very small and simple devices. The main focus of the thesis is on the THz channel characterization. Therefore, the channel models presented herein are also suitable for communications at macroscopic scale.The THz band offers opportunities, but has many problems as well. One of these is molecular absorption, which causes frequency selective fading to signals. The fading is caused by the signals' energy absorption in the resonance frequencies of the molecules in the communication medium. Based on the conservation of energy, the absorption is understood to cause a new type of noise in the THz links: transmission induced noise. This noise component is analyzed from multiple physical viewpoints. The THz signals have short enough wavelengths to theoretically allow scattering on aerosols in the atmosphere. Scattering causes frequency dependent loss of the signals, but also a signal spread in time over multiple scattering events. It is shown here that in some speciﬁc atmospheric conditions the scattering causes signal loss and time spread. In addition to the theoretical channel models, measurements on a variety of propagation phenomena are conducted and analyzed. These include penetration losses, rough surface reﬂections and scattering, and diffraction. Through the measurements, it can be shown that the THz band communications is feasible in non-line-of-sight (NLOS) conditions in spite of the above phenomena.In the last part of this thesis, stochastic geometry is applied to the THz band in order to estimate the mean interference power and outage probabilities in dense networks formed from nanodevices. Because of the large losses in the channel, large interference levels require large numbers of devices. Stochastic geometry offers perfect tools to estimate the mean interference, and also in the case of directional antennas, which are most likely implemented in all the THz band devices due to large power losses in the channel.
Spectrum sharing using cognitive radio system capabilities : methods to obtain and exploit knowledge of spectrum availability
A dynamic tactical command system operating with an Ad Hoc network
Reconfigurable network processor as gateway of wireless sensor networks
Medium access control and hardware prototype designs for low-energy wireless sensor networks
