http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24475 defence systems
defence systems
Origins of North Korea's Juche : colonialism, war, and development
Finnish air defence command and control system : [operational and technical overview]
Reconstructing Finnish Defence in the post-cold war era
The Finnish Defence Forces (FDF) has chosen Enterprise Architectures (EA) as a methodology for describing and managing IT administration architectures and as a supporting tool for strategic decision making. Enterprise Architectures are used to describe how the systems, processes, personnel and units of the organization act as a part of a whole. This master's thesis deals with applying the Finnish Defence Forces Architecture Frame in practice. Architecture descriptions produced with the help of architecture frame are focused to the area of human capital management. Area of interest is the field fitness and the physical ability processes and the data that will be managed with the Finnish Defence Forces enterprise resource planning system (PVSAP). This system is now being developed. The main target of my work was to produce supportive architecture descriptions for the developers of the system. The most significant tools and methods of this work have been the Finnish Defence Forces Architecture Framework and the NATO Architecture Framework. This thesis has been carried out by studying the enterprise architectures methodology and applying enterprise architecture frameworks to define and create desired architecture descriptions. The result of this thesis is a collection of ten architecture descriptions that were defined to be the fundamental architecture views for the SAP developers. Although these descriptions only concern a limited part of the whole target architecture, these might be useful for the target architects responsible for maintaining it. The overview of enterprise architectures and architecture frameworks in this document should not be underestimated either.
The militarization of South African politics
Three best practices from Finland : quality work in the Finnish public sector
The Royal Prerogative redefined : parliamentary debate on the role of the British Parliament in large-scale military deployments, 1982-2003
The fifth witness
Corruption and government : causes, consequences, and reform
British politics
Politics of post-Suharto Indonesia
Military balance
The Vietnam people's army under dôi mói
Nuclear weapons in the changing world : perspectives from Europe, Asia, and North America
Technology, defense, and external relations in China, 1975-1978
Pinochet : the politics of power
Iraq at the crossroads : state and society in the shadow of regime change
European political facts of the twentieth century
Indian security policy
EPM aspects of commercial communications systems
American national government : institutions, policy, and participation
Whither Iran? : reform, domestic politics and national security
Russian politics and society
Terrorism informatics : knowledge management and data mining for homeland security
Landscapes of defence in early medieval Europe
The Routledge handbook of European security
The impact of Gorbachev : the first phase, 1985-90
Protecting critical infrastructures against cyber-attack
Documents on democracy in the Federal Republic of Germany : basic law for the Federal Republic of Germany, law on the Federal Constitutional Court, law on political parties, Federal electoral law, rules of procedure of the German Bundestag
A history of NATO : the first fifty years
Development of military technology and its impact on the Finnish land warfare doctrine : documentation
Cold War secret nuclear bunkers : the passive defence of the Western world during the Cold War
The military balance
Exploding wilderness - guerrilla-type activity in Finnish military theory and art.
The founder of the Equal Justice Initiative in Montgomery, Alabama recounts his experiences as a lawyer working to assist those desperately in need, reflecting on his pursuit of the ideal of compassion in American justice.
The reversal
The United States and Europe : beyond the neo-conservative divide?
Governing Britain since 1945
The Future of War : power, technology and American world dominance in the 21st century
China's political system : modernization and tradition
Chinese military modernization : force development and strategic capabilities
American national security : policy and process
Twentieth-century British political facts, 1900-2000
Peace, security and conflict prevention : SIPRI-Unesco handbook
World war 3 : we are losing it and most of us didn't even know we were fighting in it : information warfare basics
Abstract:.
The Statesman's yearbook : the politics, cultures and economies of the world. 2007
Decision support for resource allocation in procurement of army materiel
Applying the Finnish Defence Force Architecture Frame to the field fitness and physical ability part of the personnel, training and research target architecture
Summary.
Report of the Peace Building Seminar on "Developing regional civil society approaches for conflict prevention in Southern Africa"
Reconstructing Finnish defence in the post-cold war era
Cold War : building for nuclear confrontation, 1946-1989
Just mercy : a story of justice and redemption
Companion to Colossus reborn : key documents and statistics
China's political-military evolution : the party and the military in the PRC, 1960-1984
Crosstalk in plant responses to biotic and abiotic stresses
Russian military policy and strategy
Securing global commons : a small state perspective
Defence of Finland in One Hour
