http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24443 Assyriologists
Assyriologists
The fall of Assyria and Median-Babylonian relations in light of the Nabopolassar Chronicle
Cuneiform parallels to the Old Testament
The antiquity of Iraq : a handbook of Assyriology
Excavations at Nippur : plans, details and photographs of the buildings, with numerous objects found in them during the excavations of 1889,1890, 1893-1896, 1899-1900
Studies in Neo-Babylonian economic and legal texts
Cuneiform bullae of the third millenium B. C.
Chronology of the Shub-Ad culture
The Royal tombs of Ur of the Chaldees : A descriptive handbook with reproductions & maps
Unity and diversity : essays in the history, literature and religion of the ancient Near East
Assyrian and Babylonian chronicles
Assyria and beyond : studies presented to Mogens Trolle Larsen
Epics, hymns, omens and other texts
[The book] proposes a revised sequence of Old Assyrian eponyms and establishes a relative and an absolute chronology by way of linking textual evidence, dendrochronology and archaeological stratigraphy. This chronological framework is used to trace broader historical and social developments of political and territorial centralisation in Anatolia, as well as to offer new insights in the social and commercial history of the Old Assyrian trade. A number of economic and social transformations in Assyrian society over the course of two centuries are identified by way of a statistical and prosopographical analysis. It is shown how the economic system that drove the well-known overland trade of the early Colony Period collapsed in a dramatic fashion after only thirty years (c. 1895-1865 BC), and that a series of changes in administrative organisation were created in immediate response. A primary vehicle in financing the trade – the joint-stock enterprise – was abandoned, and exchange came to be organised by way of venture trade. A distinct community of hybrid Assyrian-Anatolian households grew more prominent as mixed families came to be engaged mainly in local Anatolian trade and agriculture. In turn, a small and wealthy Assyrian elite functioned as permanently settled foreign trading agents, and a distinctive group of itinerant merchants continued to engage in the caravan trade and connect the Anatolian colonies to the mother city of Assur.
The omen series Šumma Izbu. by Erle Leighty
Sale documents of the Ur-III-period
A selection from the miscellaneous inscriptions of Assyria and Babylonia
Ur excavations. Texts 2, Archaic texts
Al-Tar I : excavations in Iraq, 1971-1974
The Babylonian genesis : the story of the creation
Ur excavations. Texts 5, Letters and documents of the Old-Babylonian period
A dictionary of Assyrian chemistry and geology
A ceramic chronology from Tell Leilan : Operation 1
Historical records of Assyria : from the earliest times to Sargon. Vol. 1
Business documents of Murashû sons of Nippur dated in the reign of Ataxerxes I (464-424 B. C.)
Neo-Assyrian legal texts in Istanbul
Tell Rubeidheh : un Uruk village in the Jebel Hamrin
Chronicles of Chaldaean kings (626-556 B.C.) in the British Museum
Ur excavations. Texts 4, Business documents of the New-Babylonian period
Collations to Neo-Assyrian legal texts from Nineveh
Tabulæ cuneiformes a F. M. Th. de Liagre Böhl collectæ, leidæ conservatæ. 3, Sumerian archival texts
Ur excavations. Texts 1, Royal inscriptions
The reports of the magicians and astrologers of Nineveh and Babylon in the British Museum. Vol. 2, English translations, vocabulary, etc
Assyriological studies in Finland
Meltha ("The Word") : the independent public and political bulletin of the Assyrian National Club of Intellectuals : proceedings of the isuues no. 1-10, published from 1994 until 2000
Letters from Assyrian scholars to the kings Esarhaddon and Assurbanipal. 1, Texts
Hatra
Tabulæ cuneiformes a F. M. Th. de Liagre Böhl collectæ, leidæ conservatæ. 1, Old Babylonian legal and administrative documents
Cuneiform texts : administrative texts from the Ur III dynasty
The code of Ḫammurabi, king of Babylon
The collection of the Sumerian temple hymns
Notes on some Nineveh horse lists
Legal documents from Erech dated in the Selucid era (312-65 B. C.)
Ancient Oriental seals in the collection of Mr. Edward T. Newell
The business and administrative correspondence under the kings of Ur
The reports of the magicians and astrologers of Nineveh and Babylon in the British Museum. Vol. 1, The cuneiform texts
Ur excavations. Texts 3, Business documents of the third dynasty of Ur
Mesopotamia before 5000 years
Cuneiform texts : texts of varying content
Assyrian and Babylonian contracts with Aramaic reference notes
Ur excavations. Texts 6, Literary and religious texts
Assyrian letters 1-5
The Ancient Orient : an introduction to the study of the Ancient Near East
Administrative texts chiefly concerning textiles (l. 2752)
Neo-Assyrian royal grants and decrees
Ur excavations. Texts 9, Economis texts from the third dynasty
Cuneiform texts : old Babylonian contracts and related material
Personal names from cuneiform inscriptions of Cappadocia
Ur excavations. Texts 8, Royal inscriptions
Amorite personal names in the Mari texts : a structural and lexical study
From the upper sea to the lower sea : studies on the history of Assyria and Babylonia in honour of A. K. Grayson
Babylonian and Assyrian religion
Early Neo-Assyrian state ideology : relations of power in the inscriptions and iconography of Ashurnasirpal II (883-859) and Shalmaneser III (858-824)
The Old-Babylonian merchant, his business and his social position
The Sumerian tablets in the Imperial University of Kyoto
Some considerations on the Stelae of Assur
Neo-Sumerian archival texts primarly from Nippur in the University Museum, the Oriental Institute and the Iraq Museum (Natn)
Historical records of Assyria : from Sargon to the end. Vol. 2
The Tablets of Ebla : cocordance and bibliography
Western Asia in the days of Sargon of Assyria, 722-705 B. C. : a study in Oriental history
The Babylonian legends of the creation and the fight between Bel and the Dragon as told by Assyrian tablets from Niniveh
Cuneiform texts : the archives of Nūršamaš and other loans
Babylonian letters of the Ḫammurapi period
Ups and downs at Kanesh : observations on chronology, history and society in the Old Assyrian period
Cylinder and stamp seals in Australian collections
Business documents of Murashû sons of Nippur dated in the reign of Darius II (424-404 B. C.)
Ancient Oriental cylinder and other seals with a description of the collection of Mrs. William H. Moore
Of god(s), trees, kings and scholars : Neo-Assyrian and related studies in honour of Simo Parpola
A reconstruction of the ancient Mesopotamian city of Shuruppak
The interpretation of dreams in the ancient Near East : with translation of an Assyrian dream-book
Archives and libraries in the City of Assur : a survey of the material from the German Excavations. Pt. 2
Catalogue of the Cuneiform tablets of the Wilberforce Eames Babylonian collection in The New York Public Library : tablets of the time of the Third Dynasty of Ur
The Chief Singer and Other Late Eponyms
Cuneiform texts : old Babylonian contracts and juridical texts
The old Assyrian city-state and its colonies
King of the world : Ashur-nasir-pal II of Assyria 883-859 B.C
Studies in biblical and cuneiform law
Ur excavations. Texts 7, Middle Babylonian legal documents and other texts
Isin year names
The architecture of Iraq in the third millenium B.C
Sumer and the Sumerians
A century of exploration at Niniveh
Royal correspondence of the Assyrian empire. 4, Supplement and indexes
State archives of Assyria studies
Historical and religious texts from the temple library of Nippur
Cylinders and other ancient Oriental seals in the library of J. Pierpont Morgan
Power and women in the Neo-Assyrian palaces
