http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24458 change management (control)
change management (control)
Managing value in organisations : new learning, management, and business models
Creativity and strategic innovation management
"Shocking moments in society create an extraordinary political environment that permits political and opinion changes that are unlikely during times of normal politics. Strong emotions felt by the public during catastrophes, even if experienced only vicariously through media coverage are a powerful motivator of public opinion and activism. This is particularly true when emotional reactions coincide with attributing blame to governmental agencies or officials. By examining public opinion during one extraordinary event, the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, Lonna Rae Atkeson and Cherie D. Maestas show how media information interacts with emotion in shaping a wide range of political opinions about government and political leaders. Catastrophic events bring citizens together, provide common experiences and information, and create opinions that transcend traditional political boundaries. These moments encourage citizens to reexamine their understanding of government, its leaders, and its role in a society from a less partisan perspective"--
An important part of every manager's job is changing people's behavior: to improve someone's performance, get them to better manage relationships with colleagues, or to stop them doing something. Yet, despite the fact that changing people's behavior is such an important skill for managers, too many are unsure how to actually go about it. This book reveals the simple, but powerful techniques for changing behavior that experts from a range of disciplines have been using for years, making them available to all managers in a single and comprehensive toolkit for change that managers can use to drive and improve the performance of their staff. Based on research conducted for this book, it introduces practical techniques drawn from the fields of psychology, psychotherapy, and behavioral economics, and show how they can be applied to address some of the most common, every-day challenges that managers face. #changingpeople.
Talent, transformation, and the triple bottom line : how companies can leverage human resources to achieve sustainable growth
Changing employee behavior : a practical guide for managers
The objective of this study was to find out the impact of organizational changes to Service Desk employees` work satisfaction in Nokia Business Infrastructure (NBI) User Care Operation (UCO) Europe & Africa region. In addition, have the NBI Europe & Africa (NEA) merging project and its impacts to work processes, tools and infrastructure affected to employees work satisfaction. Change management and implementation of a change process are handled in the theoretical part of this report. In addition we are studying what kind of issues have impact on personnel`s work satisfaction. The concept of work satisfaction is wide and therefore we are approaching it from many different perspectives. Data was gathered as a survey in September 2003. Technicall, the survey was made as a Web survey with a Lotus Notes application. The target groups were Service Desk sub-organizations Request Management, Finland 62 employees and User Account Management, Europe & Africa 26 employees. Questions were divided into three main classes: Employee motivation and involment, competences and compensations, teamwork and communications. In the analysis part these three main categories were divided into smaller entities. These entities are analyzed one by one using the answers of the survey. In this reseach we brought out things related to work satisfaction and change management. Additionally we tried to find out the current state of teams Request Management and User Account Management. All answers were analyzed as one entity but they were also divided into two categories according to these two teams. In this way we were able to compare answers and look for differences.
Enterprise change management : how to prepare your organization for continuous change
Managing change : enquiry and action
New thinking on leadership : a global perspective
"One of the challenges facing organizations is having the ability to bring about the change needed for sustainable competitive advantage in evolving economic and market environments. However, the gap between what organizations would like to deliver and their capabilities to do so, keeps widening. Enterprise Change Management attempts to bridge this gap; chapters cover adaptive leadership, how to execute single changes effectively, how to manage the demand for change, how to hire resilient people, and create the context for successful change. Based on research from over 20,000 people over a nineteen year period by the authors' company, Changefirst, this book helps senior HR, OD, and change professionals diagnose the root causes of the organizational change gap, utilize a framework for enhancing change capability, and raise employee engagement in change"--
Catastrophic politics : how extraordinary events redefine perceptions of government
Increasing flexibility by environment scanning of the early signs of change in the complex environment
Human resouce management and change : a practising manager's guide
First leap into the lean financial closing process : Understanding the team drivers for adopting lean accounting process
"One of the biggest challenges facing organizations today is the ability to deliver the necessary change to sustain competitive advantage and adapt to economic and market environments. However, the gap between what organizations would like to deliver and their capabilities to do so is getting increasingly wider. Enterprise Change Management provides a practical roadmap for bridging this gap to help organizations build the sustainable capabilities to implement a portfolio of changes. Based on research on change performance from over 20,000 people and 320,000 data points over a 19-year period, Enterprise Change Management will help you diagnose the root causes of the organisational change gap, manage demand for change and create the context for successful continuous change in your organization. This book introduces five core capabilities - adaptive leadership; executing single changes effectively; managing the demand for change; hiring resilient people and creating the context for successful change. Frameworks, processes and tools help readers assess change capabilities and then create a strategy to close the change gap and improve performance in their organization"--
Enabling change in universities : enhancing education for sustainable development with tools for quality assurance
Transcending "the impossible" : from dead end to expansive learning
Achieving result through managing change
The handbook of the psychology of communication technology
Change oriented leadership behaviour : a consequence of post-bureauratic organizations?
We are on the cusp of a revolution. Mobile phones, computers and iPods are commonplace in hundreds of millions of households worldwide, influencing how we think and shaping how we interact. With the gathering of information now largely automated, it leaves room for deeper conceptual thinking. The trouble is, says futurist Richard Watson, such deep thinking cannot take place if we never really sit still or completely switch off from the connected world. In this absorbing new book, Watson argues that despite the advances of the digital age, it has also robbed us of some of our best ideas; to reg.
Change management in the internal supply chain
Management of change
NBI Europe & Africa project implementation and work satisfaction analysis at service desk
Leading effective supply chain transformations : a guide to sustainable world-class capability and results
Caught in the middle? : narrative identity construction of middle management in strategic change
Switch : how to change things when change is hard
Managing change : Case study: HAMK University of Applied Sciences, Valkeakoski
Save the humans!
Virtualization security : protecting virtualized environments
Measuring the implementation of a CRM for salespeople : a case study in a sales organization
Black box thinking : the surprising truth about success (and why some people never learn from their mistakes)
Development of ICT change management processes for Fläkt Woods Group
Policy changes and private schooling in Finland : how one private school coped with the new aggressive comprehensive school legislation?
This purpose of this thesis was to make the reader familiar with the requirements of a disaster recovery plan. The objective was to give readers a basic knowledge of making a disaster recovery plan for their own company or organization. The thesis describes on a general level which facts should be included in the recovery plan, how the whole recovery plan process flow in general proceeds, and how the recovery plan should be analyzed. The target group of the thesis was a validation laboratory of an electronics industry, whose point of view had to be taken into account in the requirements of the disaster recovery plan. The special features of the validation laboratory of the electronics company were also taken into account. The companies should have a valid disaster recovery plan. Especially the companies should take care of their organizations or departments that find it difficult to recovery from disasters.The validation laboratories of electronics companies are included in a high-risk group, because the laboratories use measuring equipment that requires a lot of resources to reorder new equipment, and new measuring equipment has long delivery times. It is common that the delivery times are at least six months or even longer. It is also difficult to find and rebuild new premises for a validation laboratory and it will require a lot of resources and capital from the company. In the thesis process flows for the creation of the disaster recovery plan for the validation laboratory of the electronics industry were developed The whole disaster recovery plan process, step by step, was explained using the process flows, and the special features of the validation laboratory were taken into account. In addition, tables and methods that support designing the disaster recovery plan for the validation laboratory were developed in the thesis.The descriptions of process flows can also be used when designing a disaster recovery plan for other organizations or companies. Before re-using the process flows in another organization, all special features of the plan to be taken care of should be considered. The process flows should be updated to suit to the new organization or company.
Boundary activities and readiness for change during change program initiation
Order change management including ERP requirement
The role of organizational identity in the organization’s capacity to learn
Understanding change management through the psychological ownership framework : examination of antecedents of successful change
Reflecting on the future of academic and public libraries
Wallac Oy, part of Perkin Elmer company, is a developer and manufacturer of in vitro diagnostic products. The main market area for these products is the United States of America (USA). The marketing of these products is regulated by the legislation and the responsible regulatory authority is the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The purpose of this Master's Thesis project was to develop an impact analysis process for change management concerning the products and processes under the regulations of the FDA with a special emphasis on products requiring a Premarket Approval (PMA). These products are those that support or sustain human life, are of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human health, or which present a potential, unreasonable risk of illness or injury. The first step in the process was to become familiar with the regulations and guidelines related to the change management. The next step was to transfer the knowledge into practice.As it was noticed in the gap analysis between the current company practices and the regulations, the change management process itself has been sufficiently defined. However, the regulatory requirements in the Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) were only briefly discussed. Therefore a new process with more detailed instructions was needed. As the impact analysis of the changes is usually complicated, it was noticed that there was a need for a review board whose main task would be to assess the effects of the changes. The board was formed and it contained members from several departments. The main issues that need to be evaluated when assessing the effects of the changes were the effects on the safety and effectiveness of the product. Another important issue is the effects on the indication for use. The types of changes were categorized into four different types. These were labeling changes, design or performance changes, manufacturing changes and material changes.Based on this information five different flowcharts were developed with simple yes/ no answers. The output of the project with flowcharts will be implemented into practice by Wallac Oy and it is also their responsibility to update the flowcharts as new information arises.
Strategy is digital : how companies can use big data in the value chain
The SAGE handbook of public relations
The power of pull : how small moves, smartly made, can set big things in motion
Software change management : case studies and practical advice
Facilitating climate transition : co-designing future scenarios and pathways to build capacity for change among citizens and policy makers
Change management in restaurant business : a case study of Koskiravintolat Oy
Managing change and people in libraries
Development of IS-Change Communication Practices as Part of an IS-Change Management Process
Management Development by Implementing the New Municipal Strategy
Changes in the banking sector and a research in Nordea Bank Kokkola
Proactive companies : how to anticipate market changes / Leonardo Araújo, Rogério Gava ; [translated into English by Francisco de Assis de Souza Barros Carvalho]
New product development capability : a mechanism perspective
Development of an impact analysis process for change management
Work after globalization : building occupational citizenship
Teaching about the future
The product lifecycle management of emergency diesel generator set
Armstrong's handbook of management and leadership : a guide to managing for results
Enabling a successful CRM implementation : how to counter-act resistance faced in IT-projects
Isn't it obvious
Success in higher education : transitions to, within and from University
Governing change : how can ERP governance help us to reduce failure rates and promote efficiency in a constanly evolving modern business environment?
Armstrong's handbook of management and leadership : developing effective people skills for better leadership and management
State of the world 2014 : governing for sustainability
Future minds : how the digital age is changing our minds, why this matters and what we can do about it
Requirements of a disaster recovery plan for a validation laboratory
Transformations of policing
Black box thinkers see failure as the very best way to learn. They interrogate their errors as part of their future strategy for success. Using case studies, interviews and practical takeaways, Matthew Syed explains how to turn failure into success.
