http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2440 research equipment
research equipment
Scientific examination for the investigation of paintings : a handbook for conservator-restorers
Analysis of user trends and behavior in online and mobile weather and climate services
A Market research on Diving Business in St. Petersburg, Russia : focus on Technical Diving and Deep Diving Lamps
Diffraction-enhanced X-ray imaging of in vitro breast tumours
Digital signage effectiveness in retail stores
Instrumentation for time-of-flight elastic recoil detection analysis
Towards Mars! : the new millenium brings more knowledge about planet Mars, our neighbour
Development of a novel multichamber microscale fluid bed with in-line near infrared spectroscopy and non-invasive electrostatic measurement
Developing impact tonometers for clinical use and glaucoma research
Renaissance astrolabes and their makers
The lunar exploration scrapbook  : a pictorial history of lunar vehicles
Archaeology underwater : the NAS guide to principles and practice
Update of Giga-Vamos : technology roadmap
Managing business support services : strategies for outsourcing & facilities management
Monitoring of airborne contamination using mobile equipment
Towards Mars! Extra
European collections of scientific instruments, 1550-1750
Symbian Dameon for reporting user attitudes : implementation
Analytical techniques for atmospheric measurement
German market analysis for cholesterol monitor
Sci-tech selling : selling scientific and technical products and services
User interface design in communication device for Chinese children
Radiological procedures and techniques
Abstract: Report of the working group for megaprojects in astronomy.
A user's guide to ellipsometry
Reflecting on the PRET : a rapporter framework via a field study of adolescents' perceptions of technology and exercise
Fabrication and characterization of silicon position sensitive particle detectors
Market Research in Vietnam, case study: Medikro
Scientific diving : a general code of practice
Evidence against a correlation between ease of use and actual use of a device in a walk-in virtual environment
Quality management in the imaging sciences
Experimental methods for engineers
A new forest floor corer for rapid sampling, minimal disturbance and adequate precision
Nondestructive testing : radiography, ultrasonics, liquid penetrant, magnetic particle, eddy current
New incoherent scatter radar measurement techniques and data analysis methods
Symbian Daemon for reporting user attitudes : the design
Advanced mineralogy. Volume 2, Methods and instrumentations : results and recent developments. A. S. Marfunin (ed.)
The eye exam : a complete guide
Written at the technologist level, this book focuses on instruments essential to the practice of nuclear medicine. Covering everything from Geiger counters to positron emission tomography systems, this text provides students with an understanding of the practical aspects of these instruments and their uses in nuclear medicine.
Making instruments count : essays on historical scientific instruments presented to Gerard L'Estrange Turner
Introduction to engineering experimentation
Site investigation equipment developed by Teollisuuden Voima oy
From a momentary experience to a lasting one : the concept of and research on expanded user experience of mobile devices
Reverse rotogravure printing technology combines electronics and paper
Eye tracking : a comprehensive guide to methods and measures
Preliminary study of Polish cholesterol health market
Clinical investigation[s] of medical devices
Slit-lamp biomicroscopy in primary eye care
Quality and reliability assessment of the mobile phone display
Scientific instruments, 1500-1900 : an introduction
Marketing research for Traxmeet Internet training service in the German market : case company: Elisa Oyj
Friction stir welding of high temperature materials, Kuuma : final report
Public & private science : the King George III Collection
Nuclear medicine instrumentation
Mammographic imaging : a practical guide
Tiivistelmä (Abstract in Finnish)
Prep radiography
Symposium on Oceanographic Instrumentation : Rancho Santa Fe, California, June 21-23, 1952
Toolkit for lung sound analysis : [communication]
Invisible connections : instruments, institutions, and science : [12-14 April 1991, London, England]
Patient exposure monitoring and radiation qualities in two-dimensional digital x-ray imaging
Grounding the innovation of future technologies
Structural studies from nanoscale to macroscale with x-ray microtomography and microbeam scattering
AWARE: a mobile context instrumentation middleware to collaboratively understand human behavior
TOPS : toward other planetary systems : a report by the Solar System Exploration Division
Balloon tracking using a hybrid system
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : case Galaxo Ltd
Principles of radiographic imaging : an art and a science
Techno-economic analysis of mobile peer-to-peer systems and services
Product meaning, affective use evaluation, and transfer : a preliminary study
Studying user experience : issues and problems of mobile services : case ADAMOS : user experience (im)possible to catch?
Towards a sociology of the mobile phone
Sextant : a voyage guided by the stars and the men who mapped the world's oceans
Optometric instrumentation
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : Case Galaxo Ltd.
This paper presents results from a study on the effectiveness of digital signage in the retail environment. The goal of the study was to examine design parameters relevant to digital signage content design which could be used to create guidelines and templates for designing effective digital signage content. In this study, we focused on how video and animation affect the effectiveness of digital signage. When comparing still content with content enhanced with video or animation, no significant difference in effectiveness could be observed. This observation contradicts with earlier studies. Our study supports the views that the digital displays are currently most useful and effective to the younger generation, and that male customers consider digital displays in a store more useful than females do.
Integrating intelligent devices in mobile devices, endless possibilities?
Novel pulse-echo ultrasound methods for diagnostics of osteoporosis
Fuchs's radiographic exposure and quality control
Science and instruments in seventeenth-century Italy
A brief history of science : as seen through the development of scientific instruments
Gammajet : fixed-wing gamma survey for the detection of radioactive materials : Finnish support to IAEA
Bio-logging science : proceedings of the International Symposium on Bio-logging Science, National Institute of Polar Research, Tokyo, March 17-21, 2003
National-level research infrastructures : present state and roadmap
New technologies in health care : challenge, change and innovation
In order to develop sustainable business, the significance of quality management is constantly increasing. Highly saturated mobile phone industry companies need to understand the competitive factors related to product manufacturing. Quality is considered as competitive factor that has influence over several departments in company. The influence of quality is often economical but may also be brand related. Reliability is used as a tool for predicting the demanded quality of the product. The goal of this thesis is to examine the quality and reliability of mobile phone display from the desired failure mode point of view. Thesis is commissioned by a mobile phone company, and the quality and reliability tools and techniques are selected based on company`s recommendations. The data and tools for analyzing quality and reliability are from the company`s R&D department. For the selected failure mode, a comprehensive quality and reliability analysis is conducted that describes the design modifications and how modifications are affecting the reliability of the product. Theory section presents the importance of quality and reliability management, and also the theory of tools and techniques used for quality improvement. Case study presents the design enhancements of the product for improved reliability. To clarify the desired quality level, a user experience study is conducted. Based on design enhancements, user experience study and reliability estimations, a comprehensive understanding of the failure mode severity is introduced. Thesis work gives an estimation of the failure mode severity and a summary of the current failure mode state.
Nineteenth-century scientific instruments
Early scientific instruments : Europe, 1400-1800
Limnological methods
Effect of display type and room illuminance in viewing digital dental radiography : display performance in panoramic and intraoral radiography
"From earliest pre-history, with the dawning understanding of fire and its many uses, up to the astonishing advances of the twenty-first century, Thomas Crump traces the ever more sophisticated means employed in our attempts to understand the universe. The result is a vigorous and readable account of how our curious nature has continually pushed forward the frontiers of science and, as a consequence, human civilization." -- (Constable & Robinson)
Extending physics potential of large liquid scintillator neutrino detectors
In the age of globalization and internationalization it becomes more and more important for companies to enter new markets. Therefore, Finnish company Galaxo Ltd. located in Oulu, Finland intends to enter the German market and distribute its energy management system there. The purpose of this thesis was to prepare a marketing plan in order to provide useful information about the German market for the case company. Furthermore, there was a need for recommendations as the Finnish firm was not familiar with foreign markets, yet. The idea of this thesis topic was developed by the author with the support of Galaxo Ltd. Moreover, the first part of the marketing plan consists of analyses such as competitors’ analysis, stakeholder analysis, PESTEL analysis and SWOT analysis. These chapters are followed by marketing strategy which includes segmentation, targeting, positioning, mission statement and competitive strategy. Moreover, the company ́s objectives were outlined and the marketing mix, consisting of the 4 Ps: product, place, price, place and promotion, was suggested. The background knowledge for this thesis was provided by lectures of courses at Oulu University of Applied Sciences such as marketing, intercultural skills and international business strategy. Moreover, this basis was extended by books, articles and websites that offer in depth information regarding marketing issues as well as topics related to Germany. In addition, meetings with Hannes Huotari, CEO at Galaxo Ltd., and Anu Toljamo, sales manager at Galaxo Ltd., were organized. In addition, there was also e-mail contact with these representatives. Consequently, the case company was provided with the results of the marketing plan during the whole thesis process. The next step for Galaxo Ltd. is to apply the given information and recommendations and enter the German market. Therefore, the target group needs to become aware of the case company and their product Infochannel, which could be reached by implementing presentations and questionnaires for the potential customers, universities in the southern part of Germany.
AWARE : a mobile context instrumentation middleware to collaboratively understand human behavior
FMI all-sky camera network
Scaffolding learning activities with collaborative scripts and mobile devices
