http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24403 Tibetans
Tibetans
Na-mzi Tibetan songs, engagement chants, and flute music = Namuyi zangzu minjian yinyue, dinghun yishi niansong yu diqu
The renaissance of Tibetan civilization
Asian highlands perspectives. 10
Tibet customs
The Tibetans - school for survival or submission : an investigation of ethnicity and education
Himalayan dialogue : Tibetan lamas and Gurung shamans in Nepal
Prisoners of Shangri-La : Tibetan Buddhism and the West
A Tibetan-English dictionary : with special reference to the prevailing dialects
Warming your hands with moonlight : Lavrung Tibetan oral traditions and culture
Women in Tibet : past and present
Contemporary Tibet : politics, development, and society in a disputed region
On the fringes of the harmonious society : Tibetans and Uyghurs in socialist China
Tibetian Medical Paintings : Illustrations ti the "Blue Beryl" treatise of Sangye Gyamtso (1653-1795). Volume Two, Text
On the margins of Tibet : cultural survival on the Sino-Tibetan frontier
Healing powers and modernity : traditional medicine, shamanism, and science in Asian societies
Tibet : on the paths of the gentlemen brigands : retracing the steps of Alexandra David-Néel
Tibetan written images : a study of imagery in the writings of Dhondup Gyal
New views of Tibetan culture
Tibetan market participation in China
The healing landscapes of Central and Southeastern Siberia
The hidden history of the Tibetan book of the dead
May all good things gather here : life, religion and marriage in a Mi nyag tibetan village
Tibetan costume and ornaments
Deity men : Reb gong Tibetan trance mediums in transition
Long lives and untimely deaths : life-span concepts and longevity practices among Tibetans in the Darjeeling Hills, India
China's Tibet
Tradition and modernity : cultural continuum and transition among Tibetans in Amdo
Tibetan stories
Echoes from Dharamsala : music in the life of a Tibetan refugee community
Psychology and the East
Asian highlands perspectives. 1
The Tibetans : a struggle to survive
Since 1949, Tibetans and Uyghurs generally have been perceived as the two most problematic members of the PRC's great family of peoples and been the targets of 'carrot and stick' measures designed to facilitate their integration into the PRC. In recent years, a solution to the problem of Xinjiang and the Tibet has been sought in accelerated economic development, yet this is perceived by both groups with great suspicion. Addressing this situation, the volume explores the arenas of socio-economic development and market liberalization, popular culture, urban planning and relocation, environment and ecological migration, civil society, education and language, ethno-nationalism, as well as religious policies and practices. It is especially topical at a time when fieldwork in the regions where these two minorities live remains extremely difficult and politically sensitive. --Publisher's description.
Tibet : its history, religion and people
The path to Buddha : a Tibetan pilgrimage
Local and global encounters : norms, identities and representations in formation
Governance Matters: China's Developing Western Region with a focus on Qinghai Province
Countervailing creativity : patient agency in the globalisation of Asian medicines
Governance matters : China's developing western region with a focus on Qinghai province
China's na-mzi : Tibetan life, language, and folklore = Zhongguo namuyi zangzu : shenghuo, yuyan yu minjian wenxue. Vol. 2
Hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl 4-hydroxylase-2 in Tibetan high-altitude adaptation, extramedullary erythropoiesis and skeletal muscle ischemia
Tibetian Medical Paintings : Illustrations to the "Blue Beryl" treatise of Sangye Gyamtso (1653-1705). Volume One, Plates
China's na-mzi Tibetans : life, language and folklore = Zhongguo namuyi zangzu : shenghuo, yuyan yu minjian wenxue. Vol. 1
The dawn of Tibet : the ancient civilization on the roof of the world
Tibet's last stand? : the Tibetan uprising of 2008 and China's response
The Tibetan art of living : wise body, wise mind, wise life
Environmental issues facing Tibetan pastoral communities
The Tibetan book of the dead : the great liberation through hearing in the Bardo
Soundings in Tibetan medicine : anthropological and historical perspectives : PIATS 2003 : Tibetan Studies: Proceedings of the Tenth Seminar of the International Association for Tibetan Studies, Oxford 2003
A Ngawa Tibetan nomad childhood
Chanting, singing and reading : cultural contexts of Tibetan literacy
Buddhism in contemporary Tibet : religious revival and cultural identity
Tibetan refugees in Nepal : identity negotiation
Human capital differences or labor market discrimination? : the occupational outcomes of ethnic minorities in rural Guizhou (China)
A treasury of aphoristic jewels : the Subhāsitaratnanidhi of Sa Skya Pandita in Tibetan and Mongolian
Waiting for the Dalai Lama : stories from all sides of the Tibetan debate
Tibet : a culture in transition
The Tibetans
Adequate oxygen supply is necessary for aerobic cell survival. Cellular oxygen deprivation, also known as hypoxia, leads to various responses that aim to increase cellular oxygen delivery and reduce oxygen consumption. Oxygen homeostasis is mainly regulated by the hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF), which regulates the expression of over 300 genes in response to hypoxia. The stability of HIF is regulated by the HIF prolyl 4-hydroxylases (HIF-P4Hs), enzymes that catalyze the hydroxylation of proline residues in HIFα subunits and target them towards proteasomal degradation. HIF-P4Hs require oxygen as a cosubstrate for the reaction, allowing for hypoxic HIF stabilization and target gene induction at low oxygen concentrations.In this study we investigated the role of HIF-P4H-2 in the regulation of red blood cell production, erythropoiesis. We showed that Tibetans living at high altitude have genetically adapted to their hypoxic environment via mutations in the gene encoding for HIF-P4H-2. The Tibetan HIF-P4H-2 D4E,C127S variant showed enhanced hydroxylation of HIFα at low oxygen concentrations, resulting in reduced HIFα protein stabilization under hypoxia.In other studies we used a genetically modified HIF-P4H-2 hypomorphic mouse line which expresses a reduced amount of wild-type Hif-p4h-2 mRNA in tissues. We showed that these mice develop mild age-dependent erythrocytosis due to splenic extramedullary erythropoiesis, which is independent of serum erythropoietin concentration. In addition, these mice were protected against inflammation-induced anemia, a condition commonly seen in patients with inflammatory diseases. The HIF-P4H-2 hypomorphic mice also had altered basal metabolism in their skeletal muscles, which, together with an increase in mean capillary area, reduced their infarct size after skeletal muscle ischemia-reperfusion injury.These studies suggest that pharmacological HIF-P4H-2 inhibition may provide a novel treatment for EPO-resistant anemias and peripheral artery disease.
Tradition and modernity : cultural continuum and transition among tibetans in Amdo
Books of the dead : manuals for living and dying : with 148 illustrations, 16 in colour
Stopping point : nuorten Tiibetin pakolaisten elämää McLeod Ganjissa Pohjois-Intiassa = the life of young Tibetan refugees in McLeod Ganj, North India
Young days in Tibet
China's Tibetan medicine
Heck's Pictorial Archive of Art and Architecture
Ethnicity and resource competition in plural societies
The godfather of Kathmandu
Asian highlands perspectives. 6
Modern China's ethnic frontiers : a journey to the west
Wisdom and compassion : the sacred art of Tibet
