http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24434 social entrepreneurship
social entrepreneurship
Globalization from the bottom up : a blueprint for modern capitalism
"Proven strategies for harnessing the power of social media to drive social change Many books teach the mechanics of using Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube to compete in business. But no book addresses how to harness the incredible power of social media to make a difference. The Dragonfly Effect shows you how to tap social media and consumer psychological insights to achieve a single, concrete goal. Named for the only insect that is able to move in any direction when its four wings are working in concert, this book. Reveals the four "wings" of the Dragonfly Effect-and how they work together to produce colossal results. Features original case studies of global organizations like the Gap, Starbucks, Kiva, Nike, eBay, Facebook; and start-ups like Groupon and COOKPAD, showing how they achieve social good and customer loyalty. Leverage the power of design thinking and psychological research with practical strategies. Reveals how everyday people achieve unprecedented results-whether finding an almost impossible bone marrow match for a friend, raising millions for cancer research, or electing the current president of the United States. The Dragonfly Effect shows that you don't need money or power to inspire seismic change."--
This book focuses on the emergence, evaluation and organizing of entrepreneurial opportunities in various organizational contexts. Each chapter kicks off with a real-life international case story by high-profile entrepreneurship scholars, including William B. Gartner, Saras Sarasvathy, Alain Fayolle, Kevin Hindle, Thomas Cooney, Anita Van Gils and Ann Clarke. Theories of entrepreneurship are embedded with tensions and dilemmas, which this book presents as a collection of paradoxes for each theme and chapter. The book challenges the reader to be critical and to take a stand on the many paradoxical situations entrepreneurs encounter on their entrepreneurial journey. The authors present theory and knowledge unique to the paradoxical world of entrepreneurship.
Social responsibility, entrepreneurship and the common good : international and interdisciplinary perspectives
The emergence of social enterprise
The many faces of social enterprise : published for the Research Conference on Social Enterprise, arranged by FinSern on 14 November 2013.
Social entrepreneurship : what everyone needs to know
Common power : social enterprises and renewable energy
Improving the development of social enterprise in Vietnam
By accident or by design? : social enterprise leaders' stories of their career choice
The essential Drucker : the best of sixty years of Peter Drucker's essential writings on management
Complexity science and social entrepreneurship : adding social value through systems thinking
Social entrepreneurship and social business : an introduction and discussion with case studies
Entrepreneurship as social change : a third movements in entrepreneurship book
Effectuation and causation in entrepreneurship education
The marketing of social enterprises : understanding the concepts of marketing and market orientation of social enterprises within the context of Pakistani market
The business of good : social entrepreneurship and the new bottom line
Abstract.
Rippling : how social entrepreneurs spread innovation throughout the world
Understanding and measuring social entrepreneurship
Social enterprise : a comparison between Finland and the UK
Social resilience and civic entrepreneurship in self-help organizations : case study of the Kibera slum project
Northern perspectives on European integration
With some 50 million people living under duress and threatened by wars and disasters in 2012, the demand for relief worldwide has reached unprecedented levels. Humanitarianism is now a multi-billion dollar enterprise, and aid agencies are obliged to respond to a range of economic forces in order to 'stay in business'.
The market
"The Business of Good narrates the story behind social entrepreneurship as told by the individuals compelled to create a change in the world--not just another business. Serial and social entrepreneur Jason Haber intertwines case studies, anecdotes, and initiatives that have become part of the larger narrative of entrepreneurship. From Main Street to Wall Street, today's social entrepreneurs are rebooting capitalism, challenging the charitable industrial complex, and are disrupting the way companies do business with exciting innovations designed to solve society's most vexing problems. In this book, Haber examines Capitalism 2.0, philanthropy, and the role and power of media alongside the world's response as social entrepreneurship changes how we give, how we invest, and who we are. "--
The European Commission’s Social Business Initiative in Terms of Finland : Evaluating the Strengths and Weaknesses of the Social Business Initiative in Relation to Finland’s Environment for Social Entrepreneurship
Social entrepreneurship : to act as if and make a difference
People's utility bicycle project
Social entrepreneurship
The new pioneers : sustainable business success through social innovation and social entrepreneurship
Enterprising initiatives in the experience economy : transforming social worlds
"Over the last decade, the close relationship between culture and economy -- or "the experience economy" -- has risen on the agenda. Although there is an established research field for analysing the economic impact of entrepreneurship, there is currently a limited amount of research that analyses the cultural impact and opportunity of entrepreneurship. Linking experience economy with enterprising behavior moves the term away from businesses' competitiveness and consumer behavior towards a more value-focused business in general. This ground-breaking book integrates entrepreneurship and empowerment into one central theme, drawing on research from both the social sciences (innovation, entrepreneurship, empowerment and activism) and the humanities (participatory culture, user-generated designs, creative networks). Enterprising Initiatives expands the definition of entrepreneurship beyond a primarily economic profit-seeking phenomenon to a broader understanding of enterprising behaviour based on an individual-opportunity nexus. Beyond social entrepreneurship, it explores a broad range of individual, collective and cooperative citizen initiatives under the umbrella of enterprising action.This innovative approach will be of great interest to scholars in entrepreneurship, social entrepreneurship, cultural entrepreneurship, cultural studies, and consumer culture, as well as for policy makers in public and local government, regional development and cultural event management"--
Entrepreneurship : the social science view
Business and management in Russia
Social entrepreneurship : leveraging economic, political, and cultural dimensions
Strategic management : new rules for old Europe
Future work : jobs, self-employment and leisure after the industrial age : James Robertson
Mundane social entrepreneurship : a practice perspective on the work of microentrepreneurs
Social entrepreneurship : a modern approach to social value creation
The social entrepreneur pyramid : with a Nordic perspective on social entrepreneurship
The solution revolution : how business, government, and social enterprises are teaming up to solve society's toughest problems
"Welcome to the "Solution Economy" We're at a critical juncture in our global economy, with the siloed ways of the past (public vs. private) quickly fading. Instead, we are witnessing a step change in how society deals with its own problems-in which government acts as just one player among many, and entrepreneurship and innovation range freely across all sectors. Deloitte's William Eggers and Paul Macmillan illustrate this new operating model in the forthcoming book, The Solution Revolution. The authors show that over the past decade, a variety of new and important players have entered the societal problem solving arena, operating within what they call a "Solution Economy." These innovators are closing the widening gap between what governments provide and what citizens need-an approach that promises better results, lower costs, and the best hope we have for public innovation in an era of fiscal constraints and unmet needs. We're still in the early stages of the solution economy's development, but Eggers and Macmillan compellingly lay out the contours of the phenomenon, as well as its primary features, dynamics, and players. They provide advice to business, government, and the social sector on what they can do to strengthen and spread the larger revolution, both locally and globally. The Solution Revolution provides a fascinating preview of our economic future, a system where choice, sustainability, and more adaptive ecosystems offer all of us the ability to collaborate towards better solutions. "--
The essential Drucker : selections from the management works of Peter F. Drucker
An exploration of the interplay between social responsibility, entrepreneurship and the common good. A plethora of books deal with corporate social responsibility alone, social entrepreneurship alone or to a lessen extent with the concept of common good. However no other book has developed an interdisciplinary reflection to analyze the dynamics between these three concepts. Authors from all around the world have contributed to this analysis which is organized in four sections: business and the common good; educating responsible entrepreneurs; corporate social responsibility (CSR) challenges and the common good; and CSR and entrepreneurship in emerging economies.
Brand aid : shopping well to save the world
The achieving society
A study of social entrepreneurship : what part does opportunity creation and profit play in the field of social entrepreneurship?
Social enterprises : an organizational perspective
The winner of the Nobel Peace Prize outlines his vision for a new business model that combines the power of free markets with the quest for a more humane world--and he tells the inspiring stories of companies that are doing this work today. In the last two decades, free markets have swept the globe, bringing with them enormous potential for positive change. But traditional capitalism cannot solve problems like inequality and poverty, because it is hampered by a narrow view of human nature in which people are one-dimensional beings concerned only with profit. In fact, human beings have many other drives and passions, including the spiritual, the social, and the altruistic. Welcome to the world of social business, where the creative vision of the entrepreneur is applied to today's most serious problems: feeding the poor, housing the homeless, healing the sick, and protecting the planet.--From publisher description.
Values and opportunities in social entrepreneurship
Nonprofit management : principles and practice
Narrative and discursive approaches in entrepreneurship : a second movements in entrepreneurship book
Social entrepreneurship : theory and practice
Building social business : the new kind of capitalism that serves humanity's most pressing needs
Can social enterprises help to tackle poverty : examining the role of three Brazilian social enterprises
Third sector research
Social innovation in the private sector : evaluating the effectiveness of the business model canvas in fostering social value creation
Beyond : business & society in transformation
Key concepts in corporate social responsibility
The power of unreasonable people : how social entrepreneurs create markets that change the world
Entrepreneurship in Russia : Western ideas in Russian translation
Social entrepreneurship business models : incentive strategies to catalyze public goods provision
The Oxford handbook of entrepreneurship
Understanding social entrepreneurship : the relentless pursuit of mission in an ever changing world
A fistful of rice : my unexpected quest to end poverty through profitability
Getting beyond better : how social entrepreneurship works
Defining 'social entrepreneurship' has in the past proved problematic, and debate continues concerning what it does and does not entail and encompass. This unique book frames the debates surrounding the phenomenon and argues that many of the difficulties relating to the study of social entrepreneurship are rooted in methodological issues. Highlighting these issues, the book sets out ideas and implications for researchers utilising alternative methodologies. Contributors expertly present practical guides for researchers, setting out appropriate strategies and methods that can be adopted to explore and understand social entrepreneurship. Chapters include research strategies such as storytelling, action research and the case study, as well as the methods appropriate for understanding discourse, large data sets, and networks. The book also explores some challenges for researchers, and will be of particular interest to early career researchers or researchers first approaching the field.
The use of CSR in employer branding : a study of the use of CSR factors in the employer branding elements of Great place to work-companies
The blue economy : 10 years, 100 innovations, 100 million jobs
The study of the nonprofit enterprise : theories and approaches
"There are certain kinds of people who garner enormous satisfaction from successfully taking on a "mission impossible" and, by so doing, actually manage to change the world, sometimes in surprising ways. Such individuals are rare, and when we become aware of them and their astonishing achievements, we observe that they cannot easily be pigeonholed or defined by their own circumstances, that is to say, they are the products of rural as well as urban areas; of developing as well as developed countries; of large cities as well as remote areas; they may be Gurkhas from the Himalayan Mountains or Maasais from East Africa. They may be well-known figures, such as Mohammad Yunus recipient of the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize, or anonymous, unrecognized teachers from small villages. The question then becomes: If they are such a diverse group, what characteristics do they have in common, which allow us to identify them under one unifying rubric? And which of these shared attributes distinguish them from other social activists? These are the underlying questions that inform the book".
How to change the world : social entrepreneurs and the power of new ideas
Understanding social enterprise : theory & practice
Social entrepreneurship and enterprise : concepts in context
Strategies of entrepreneurship : understanding industrial entrepreneurship and structural change in Northwest Tanzania
Abstract: The European Commission's social business initiative in terms of Finland : evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of the social business initiative in relation to Finland's environment for social entrepreneurship. The objective of this paper is to investigate the environment for Social Entrepreneurship in Finland in terms of the European Commission's Social Business Initiative introduced in November 2011. The Social Business Initiative presents eleven key actions for creating a favourable environment for social enterprises. These key actions contain measures divided under funding, visibility and the legal environment for social enterprises. The intention of this thesis is to evaluate the Social Business Initiative and bring forth its biggest strengths and weaknesses within the context of the Finnish environment for social entrepreneurship. Qualitative research was conducted for the thesis including a semi-structured interview with the Head of Development of the Association for Finnish Work. The interview enabled the thesis to examine the situation of social entrepreneurship in Finland with deeper insight. Investigating reports – this including especially reports by the Finnish Ministry of Employment and the Economy on social entrepreneurship – was also an essential part of the implemented research. Since the topic holds a strong interconnection to the European Commission, the stands and work of the Commission were also investigated. It was found that many of the measures introduced in the European Commission's Social Business Initiative such as funding through structural funds, introducing societal criteria in public procurement and strengthening EU community programmes could be and are especially useful for promoting social entrepreneurship in Finland and have already been quite well established. In turn, the key actions also show weaknesses in the applicability of introducing new legislation and the capabilities for introducing social criteria in public procurement. This paper will first present the concept and definition of social entrepreneurship in relation to the EU and in Finland, then explain the key actions of the Social Business Initiative and lastly tie this in with the context of the Finnish environment.
Earth capitalism : creating a new civilization through a responsible market economy
Handbook of research methods on social entrepreneurship
Peace, prosperity, and pro-growth entrepreneurship
Work and social innovations in Europe : proceedings of a Finnish-Hungarian seminar in Helsinki, September 11th-13th 1990
Inside social enterprise : looking to the future
Handbook of research on social entrepreneurship
"This work will be essential to those in the nonprofit sector, organizational management and economics, political scientists, and other researchers working with the nonprofit and voluntary sector."--BOOK JACKET.
Taking the risk out of democracy : corporate propaganda versus freedom and liberty
Common good : sustainable and transparent business
Entrepreneurship in theory and practice : paradoxes in play
Humanizing the economy : co-operatives in the age of capital
Social innovation : blurring boundaries to reconfigure markets
Social ventures : the theory of sustainable contributive advantage and initial empirical tests
The invisible hand in economics : how economists explain unintended social consequences
The dragonfly effect : quick, effective, and powerful ways to use social media to drive social change
Start something that matters
"Who really moves things forward in our society and how do they do it? How have they always done it? Strategy guru Roger Martin and Skoll Foundation CEO Sally Osberg make a compelling argument that social entrepreneurs are agents of change who recognize, in our current reality, various kinds of "equilibria"-systems in need of change-and then advance social progress by transforming these systems, ultimately replacing what exists with a new equilibrium. Seen in this light, social entrepreneurship is not a marginal activity, but one that unleashes new value for society by releasing untapped human ambition. The book begins with a probing and useful theory of social entrepreneurship, moving through history to illuminate what it is, how it works, and the nature of its role in modern society. The authors then set out a framework for understanding how successful social entrepreneurs actually go about producing transformative change. There are four key stages: understanding the world; envisioning a better future; building a model for change; and scaling the solution. With both depth and nuance, Martin and Osberg offer rich examples and stories, and share lessons and tools applicable to everyone who aspires to drive positive change, whatever the context. Getting Beyond Better offers a bold new framework demonstrating how and why meaningful change actually happens in the world, and offering concrete lessons and a practical model for businesses, policy-makers, and civil society organizations to generate new value, again and again. "--
The Routledge companion to ethnic marketing
Social entrepreneurship for the 21st century : innovation across the nonprofit, private, and public sectors
The white tiger
The European Commission's social business initiative in terms of Finland : evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of the social business initiative in relation to Finland's environment for social entrepreneurship
Social enterprise : developing sustainable businesses
The social innovation imperative : create winning products, services, and programs that solve society's most pressing challenges
Understanding social enterprise : theory and practice
Creating a world without poverty : social business and the future of capitalism
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
