http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24415 flow (experiences)
flow (experiences)
Mindfulness at work : turn your job into a gateway to joy, contentment and stress-free living
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
Clinical phenomenology and cognitive psychology
"The term 'flow' refers to experiences where the musician moves into a consciousness in which time seems to be suspended and perception of reality is blurred by unconscious forces. An essential part of the jazz tradition, which often serves as the foundation of the musician's identity, flow is recognised within the greater jazz community as a critical factor in accomplished musicianship. Flow as a concept is so deeply embedded in the scene that these experiences are not generally discussed. It contributes to the musicians' work motivation, providing a vital level of satisfaction and accomplishment. The power of the experience, consciously or unconsciously, has given rise to the creation of heroic images, in which jazz musicians are seen as being bold, yet vulnerable, strong and masculine, but still capable of expressing emotions. In this discourse, musicians are pictured as people constantly putting themselves on the line, exposing themselves and their hearts to one another as well as to the audience. Heroic profiles are richly constructed within the jazz scene, and their incorporation into narratives of flow suggests that such images are inseparable from jazz. It is thus unclear how far the musicians are simply reporting personal experience as opposed to unconsciously perpetuating a profoundly internalised mythology. Drawing on eighteen interviews conducted with professional jazz musicians from around the world, Elina Hytönen examines the fundamentals of the phenomenon of flow in jazz that has led to this genre's popularity. Furthermore, she draws on how flow experiences are viewed and constructed by jazz musicians, the meanings they attach to it, and the quality of music that it inspires."
Exploring the relationships between flow, mindfulness, & self-talk : a correlational study
Flow in sports
Flow : the psychology of optimal experience
Flow as a resource : a contribution to organizational psychology
Enabling genius : a mindset for success in the 21st century
The rise of Superman ; decoding the science of ultimate human performance
Experiencing 'Flow' in Jazz Performance
Beyond boredom and anxiety : experiencing flow in work and play
Flow : the psychology of happiness
Handbook of the psychology of coping : new research
Rethinking visual art practice in relation to well-being : a conceptual analysis
Advances in flow research
Creating happiness at the workplace : case Mindvalley
Moments of bliss and transcendence in jazz : professional jazz musicians'reports of flow experiences
Coping has been defined as constantly changing cognitive and behavioural efforts to manage specific external and/or internal demands that exceed the resources of the person. In this book, the authors present new research on the psychology of coping. Topics discussed include coping with climate change; coping with bereavement and other existential stressors; parental coping, emotional resources and children's adjustment; economic coping and heads of households' perception of health; coping in a relational context; how to cope with work-family conflicts in an international career context; and sequence of coping behaviours in adolescents.
Learning games and children's user experience : the effects of context
Flow : the classic work on how to achieve happiness
Adult-type hypolactasia in North-West Russia
Design for operational excellence : a breakthrough strategy for business growth
Finding flow : the psychology of engagement with everyday life
Creativity : flow and the psychology of discovery and invention
Principles of soil and plant water relations
Growing up happy
Peak performance in sales : Coaching and personal development program for sales professionals
Neuroscientist Dr Jenny Barnett, and teacher and mum Alexia Barrable describe scientifically-proven methods by which children's happiness can be boosted in just a few minutes each day. With easy-to-use activities for toddlers through to teenagers, this book steers the reader through simple and practical ways, grounded in scientific research, to enhance children's - and adults' - day-to-day happiness.
Mindful parenting : find peace and joy through stress-free, conscious parenting
Natural born heroes : the lost secrets of strength and endurance
What kind of employees become awarded as Employees of the Year in Finland?
Use of fiber-reinforced composite framework and thermochromic pigment in facial prostheses
