http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24464 materials handling
materials handling
Chemical and physical changes in paints or painted wood due to ageing
Materiology : the creatives guide to materials and technologies
Real-time physics : active learning laboratories. Module 2, Heat and thermodynamics
On-demand supply management : world class strategies, practices, and technology
Aluminium handbook. Vol. 1, Fundamentals and materials
Manufacturing facilities design and material handling
Adsorption and photocatalysis in water treatment : active, abundant and inexpensive materials and methods
Organic coatings : properties and evaluation
New dimensions in photo processes : a step-by-step manual in alternative photography
A room-temperature fabrication method for microwave dielectric Li2MoO4 ceramics and their applicability for antennas
The art of framing
Digital technology now mediates much of our interaction with the world, and a vast majority of the images that we absorb daily come through a screen. The digital comes with its own aesthetic framework that cannot help but colour our experience of the world, and change our expectations of the objects that surround us. As the digital becomes ever more pervasive however, there is also a return to physical experiences that technology cannot satisfy. This is true across sectors, from immersive theatre to vinyl records, and although digital will undoubtedly dominate our future, there are pockets of resistance. This book will look at contemporary artisans who are deeply influenced by the digital world in which we live, but who reject processes such as 3D printing as a final output. Inspired by the internet and a screen-based aesthetic, they choose to craft things by hand, rendering a postdigital mindset in tactile materials, such as metal, glass and wood. It represents a return to the physical in the digital age.
Abstract.
Selected heat conduction problems in thermomechanical treatment of steel
McGraw-Hill machining and metalworking handbook
Atmospheric plasma modification in extrusion coating
Overcoming the institutional obstacles of industrial recycling
Wood structure, properties and biological degradation : phD course in wood technology 20-25 April, 2009
Manufacturing processes & materials
Installation of the Compact Express
Hydroforming for advanced manufacturing
Principles of inventory and materials management
Characterization of functional coatings on ceramic surfaces
Manufacturing engineering and technology
This book is about running modern industrial enterprises with the help of information systems. Enterprise resource planning (ERP) is the core of business information processing. An ERP system is the backbone of most companies' information systems landscape. All major business processes are handled with the help of this system. Supply chain management (SCM) looks beyond the individual company, taking into account that enterprises are increasingly concentrating on their core competencies, leaving other activities to suppliers. With the growing dependency on the partners, effective supply chains.
Introduction to materials science for engineers
Analysis of microtomographic images of porous heterogeneous materials
Multiscale analysis of deformation and failure of materials
Review of modern IT applications and technologies for SCM
Inks based on inorganic nanomaterials for printed electronics applications
Microsoft® Office 2010 : Illustrated ProjectsTM
Computational methods for large systems : electronic structure approaches for biotechnology and nanotechnology
The surface texture book : more than 800 colour and texture samples for every surface, furnishing and finish
The electronics handbook
Multi-agent control of reconfigurable pallet transport systems
Characterisation of laser beam and paper material interaction
Acoustics of wood
The sculptor's Bible : the all-media reference to surface effects and how to achieve them /John Plowman
Painting conservation catalog. Vol. 1, Varnishes and surface coatings
Nanotechnology applications for clean water : solutions for improving water quality
Environmentally conscious materials handling
Thermo-hydro-mechanical processing of wood
Fundamentals of manufacturing engineering
Structural investigations and processing of electronically and protonically conducting polymers
A book intended for all creative professionals who rely on materials and technologies - architects, designers, stylists, artists and the like, from students to experienced practitioners - 'Materiology' is written in a style that conveys a wealth of information in a language that's easy to understand.
Handbook of industrial mixing : science and practice
This work presents a method for the fabrication of Li₂MoO₄ ceramics at room-temperature based on utilizing a small amount of water with Li₂MoO₄ powder. The densification of the ceramic takes place during pressing. Thus the shape and size of the final ceramic compact can easily be managed by controlling the mould dimensions and the amount of material. Post-processing at 120 °C is applied to remove residual water from the compact. This post-processing temperature can be chosen to be suitable to the other materials integrated, such as the substrate or electrodes, as long as the post-processing time is adequate to remove the residual water. The dielectric properties (relative permittivity of 5.1 and a loss tangent value of 0.00035 at 9.6 GHz) after optimization of the powder particle size, sample pressing pressure, and post-processing time were similar to those achieved for Li₂MoO₄ ceramics fabricated by sintering at 540 °C.The dielectric properties of Li₂MoO₄ ceramics were also modified using composite methods. For example, an addition of 10 volume-% of BaTiO₃ increased the relative permittivity from 6.4 to 9.7 and the loss tangent value from 0.0006 to 0.011 at 1 GHz. To investigate the thermal dependence of the permittivity, different amounts of rutile TiO₂ were incorporated into a Li₂MoO₄ ceramic matrix fabricated with the method described in this work. As the amount of TiO₂ increased from 10 to 30 volume-%, the thermal coefficient of permittivity decreased from 180 ppm/°C to -170 ppm/°C. The low processing temperature made the fabrication approach introduced here feasible for silver electrode integration without the formation of extra phases, which were observed in sintered samples with similar compositions in another study.A patch antenna was realized utilizing a Li₂MoO₄ ceramic disk fabricated by the room-temperature method. The antenna operating at ~4 GHz showed reasonably good performance. A relative humidity of 80% lowered the resonant frequency by 3.25% from the initial value, and reduced the total and radiation efficiencies of the antenna by ~2 dB. The changes were slowly reversible. Use of a silicone conformal coating reduced the shift of the resonant frequency to 1.26% from the initial value and also reduced the effect on efficiencies to ~1 dB. The use of the coating also speeded up the reversibility of the changes when the humidity was decreased.
Nanosols and textiles
Engineering materials. 2, An introduction to microstructures, processing and design
Enterprise resource planning and supply chain management : functions, business processes and software for manufacturing companies
Corrosion control through organic coatings
Material world : innovative structures and finishes for interiors
Using natural finishes : lime and clay based plasters, renders and paints : a step-by-step guide
Characterization of three-dimensional microstructure of composite materials by X-ray tomography
Materials : a sourcebook for walls and floors
Innovative cutting and marking solutions : Incumas : final report
Tehcno textiles : revolutionary fabrics for fashion and design
Coatings technology handbook
Wood as a model material for medical biomaterials : in vivo and in vitro studies with bone and Betula pubescens Ehrh
Summary.
Customer claims : DHL Lahti
Coatings materials and surface coatings
Real time physics : active learning laboratories. Module 1, Mechanics
The leatherworking handbook : a practical illustrated sourcebook of techniques and projects
The all new print production handbook
Handbook of technical textiles
Innovations in materials manufacturing, fabrication, and environmental safety
From material flows to cash flows : an extension to traditional material flow modelling
The encyclopedia of decorative paint effects : a unique A-Z directory of decorative paint effects, plus guidance on how to use them
Understanding wood : a craftman's guide to wood technology
Paints, coatings and solvents
Postdigital artisans : craftmanship with a new aesthetic in fashion, art, design and architecture
Wood-polymer composites
Nanotechnology applications for clean water
Materials science and engineering : an introduction
A novel green treatment for textiles : plasma treatment as a sustainable technology
Papermaking science and technology. Book 12, Paper and paperboard converting
Bone - biomaterial interface : the effects of surface modified NiTi shape memory alloy on bone cells and tissue
The gilding book : techniques, designs and inspirations using gold, silver and metal leaf
Spare parts packaging process in a global mechanical engineering company
Real-time physics : active learning laboratories. Module 3, Electric circuits
The complete book of tanning skins and furs
Effectiveness of packaging waste management systems in selected countries : an EEA pilot study
The natural paint decorator
Preventing waste at the source
Real-time physics : active learning laboratories. Module 4, Light and optics
Woodworking basics : the essential benchtop reference
Parempia puupintoja - ympäristöystävällisesti = Better wood surfaces - in an environmentally-friendly way
Simulation and modelling in materials processing
In this thesis several novel inks based on dry inorganic powders enabling magnetic, piezoelectric and memory resistive (memristive) function were researched for printed electronics applications. Low curing temperature screen-printable magnetic inks for high frequency applications based on dry cobalt nanoparticles were developed in the first part of the work. Three publications were achieved. The first one concentrated on ink formulation and its process development, the second on the utilization of multifunctional surfactant, and the third on the development of the inks for plastic substrates. The magnetic inks developed were cured at 120 °C. The electrical performance, microstructure, surface quality and mechanical durability of printed and cured layers were investigated. Relative permeability values up to 3 and related loss tangents up to 0.01 were achieved at 2 GHz frequency, as well as a pull-off strength of up to 5.2 MPa. The maximum loading level of cobalt nanoparticles was 60 vol-%, after which the stability of the ink started to degrade. The developed ink enabled the miniaturization of a patch antenna.In the second part of the thesis, the formulation of inks based on piezoelectric ceramic particles in powder form with ferroelectric polymers as a matrix material is introduced. The performance and quality of the printed inks and cured layers were investigated. The measured pull off -strength was up to 3.25 MPa, relative permittivity was up to 48 at 1 kHz and piezoelectric constant d31 up to 17 pm/V. The printed piezoelectric layer can be utilized in a pressure sensor.In the third part of the thesis, the development of inks for a novel printed memory component, a memristor, is researched. A synthesis route was developed for an organometallic precursor solution, which was formulated into inkjet-printable form. The printing tests were carried out in order to find t he most feasible layer thickness with memristive behaviour. The influence of substrate materials and different thermal treatments on the components’ electrical properties, durability of read/erase -cycles and overall lifetime were also investigated. The prepared memristive patterns remained functional for up to 35 days, while the precursor solution remained usable for over a year. The memristive areas withstood up to 30 read/erase cycles and by utilizing heat treatments the shift in resistance value increased by up to three orders of magnitude.
Curatorial care of works of art on paper : basic procedures for paper preservation
At the crest of foam forming (English summary)
Introduction to computational materials science : fundamentals to applications
