http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24437 weapon-related crimes
weapon-related crimes
The validity of the prohibition in combatting transnational organised crime
Zhongguo fazhi fazhan baogao. 9 (2011) = Annual report on China's rule of law. 9 (2011)
Effecting compliance
Delusion in Death
The security handbook
School shootings scare everyone, even those not immediately affected. They make national and international news. They make parents afraid to send their children off to school. But they also lead to generalizations about those who perpetrate them. Most assumptions about the perpetrators are wrong, and many of the warning signs are missed until it's too late. Here, Peter Langman takes a look at 48 national and international cases of school shootings in order to dispel the myths, explore the motives, and expose the many factors that drive people to rampage attacks. Finally, he addresses violence prevention and the importance of identifying at-risk individuals before it is too late.
Journalism and school shootings in Finland 2007-2008
Guns in American society : an encyclopedia of history, politics, culture, and the law
Sex, drugs, and body counts : the politics of numbers in global crime and conflict
100 bullets. Vol. 11 : Once upon a crime
Shooting to kill : socio-legal perspectives on the use of lethal force
International law and international relations : bridging theory and practice
The red road
Okinawa and the U.S. military : identity making in the Age of Globalization
Lord of war
Echo of the Reich
Taking wing : conference report
Hitler's soldiers : the German army in the Third Reich
War of extermination : the German military in world war II, 1941-1944
Traffick : the illicit movement of people and things
Bowling for Columbine
Rampage : the social roots of school shootings
School shootings : international research, case studies, and concepts for prevention
Mass shootings : media, myths, and realities
Ceremonial violence : a psychological explanation of school shootings
The hour I first believed : a novel
Disarmed : the missing movement for gun control in America
International law and political reality : collected papers. Vol. 1
Illicit : how smugglers, traffickers and copycats are hijacking the global economy
Another day in the death of America
Stalin's legacy : the Soviet war on nature
For decades after 1945, it was generally believed that the German army, professional and morally decent, had largely stood apart from the SS, Gestapo, and other corps of the Nazi machine. Ben Shepherd draws on a wealth of primary sources and recent scholarship to convey a much darker, more complex picture. For the first time, the German army is examined throughout the Second World War, across all combat theaters and occupied regions, and from multiple perspectives: its battle performance, social composition, relationship with the Nazi state, and involvement in war crimes and military occupation. This was a true people's army, drawn from across German society and reflecting that society as it existed under the Nazis. Without the army and its conquests abroad, Shepherd explains, the Nazi regime could not have perpetrated its crimes against Jews, prisoners of war, and civilians in occupied countries. The author examines how the army was complicit in these crimes and why some soldiers, units, and higher commands were more complicit than others. Shepherd also reveals the reasons for the army's early battlefield successes and its mounting defeats up to 1945, the latter due not only to Allied superiority and Hitler's mismanagement as commander-in-chief, but also to the failings--moral, political, economic, strategic, and operational--of the army's own leadership.
Small arms, crime and conflict : global governance and the threat of armed violence
More guns, less crime : understanding crime and gun-control laws
Night school
War or health? : a reader
Highlighting gendered violence across layers of social and political organization, from the military to the sexual, this book explores the connections between international security, intra-state conflict and 'domestic' violence. International in scope, it makes the links between the local and the global and between the public and the private, in its discussion of gendered violence. Claiming that it is not enough to simply 'add' women to international relations theory, the contributors to this book brilliantly demonstrate how much more fruitful an in-depth analysis of the different layers of gendered violence can be. This book will be necessary reading for students and academics of women's studies, international relations and political theory.
Gun violence in America : the struggle for control
Women & guns : politics and the culture of firearms in America
Gunsmith cats : Goldie versus Misty
The use of arms by a superior against a subordinate soldier in the Finnish army during the Second World War
Delusion in death
Dispute settlement in public international law : texts and materials
States of conflict : gender, violence and resistance
The great American gun debate : essays on firearms & violence
Seeking security in an insecure world
The changing face of conflict and the efficacy of international humanitarian law
The evidence enigma : correctional boot camps and other failures in evidence-based policymaking
Control of violence : historical and international perspectives on violence in modern societies
Liber amicorum Bengt Broms : celebrating his 70th birthday 16 October 1999
Armed & female
An axiom of military law : applicability of national criminal law to military personnel and associated civilians abroad
The United States and the rule of law in international affairs
Kauhajoki school shooting on 23 September 2008 : report on the Investigation Commission
School shooters : understanding high school, college, and adult perpetrators
Small arms survey 2009 : shadows of war
One shot
The Prometheus deception
The conduct of hostilities under the law of international armed conflict
Multinational crime : terrorism, espionage, drug and arms tafficking
The right to refuse military orders
The hyperspectral and smartphone technology in CBRNE countermeasures and defence
