http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24487 host animals
host animals
Connection between temperature, larval production, virulence and geographical distribution of Rhipidocotyle parasites infecting the duck mussel, Anodonta anatina
An invasive ectoparasite of cervids, the deer ked dispersion, cold tolerance and predation
Host plants of wheat striate mosaic virus and oat sterile dwarf virus
Abstract.
A stoichiometric perspective on host-parasite interactions
Studies on the host plant relationships of Aphis idaei v.d. Goot and Amphorophora rubi (Kalt.) (hom., aphidae)
Plant pathology
African hosts & their guests : cultural dynamics of tourism
Resistance of plants to the pea aphid Acyrthosiphon pisum Harris (Hom., Abhididae). I. Fecundity of the biotypes on different host plants
Biology of the plant bugs (Hemiptera: Miridae) : pests, predators, opportunists
Spatial ecology of a specialist insect herbivore : the leaf-mining moth Tischeria ekebladella on the pedunculate oak Quercus robur
Resistance of plants to the pea aphid, Acyrthosiphon pisum Harris (Hom., Aphididae). IV. Fecundity on different alsike and white clover varieties
Vector-borne pathogens : international trade and tropical animal diseases
Swimming through troubled waters : eutrophication of the Baltic Sea and parasites of the threespine stickleback
Metapopulation dynamics of host-parasitoid interactions
The effect of different sexes of the parasite Elenchus tenuicornis (Kirby) on the morphology of the adult Javesella pellucida (F.) (Hom., Delphacidae)
Resistance of plants to the pea, aphid Acyrthosiphon pisum harris (Hom., Aphididae). II. Fecundity on different red clover varieties
Seasonality of Ixodes ricinus and Ixodes trianguliceps tick on the bank vole (Myodes glareolus) and on vegetation in Central Finland
Direct and indirect effects in host-parasitoid interactions : ecological and evolutionary consequences
Factors in the environment, viruses and host responses affecting the epidemiology of tick-borne encephalitis virus in Northern Europe
Virulence evolution and immune defence : pathogen-host interactions between an environmentally transmitted bacterium Serratia marcescens and its insect hosts
An invasive ectoparasite of cervids, the deer ked : dispersion, cold tolerance and predation
Resistance of plants to the pea, aphid Acyrthosiphon pisum harris (Hom., Aphididae). III. Fecundity on different pea varieties
Population biology : concepts and models
Observations on the interaction between the two-spotted spider mite [Tetranychus urticae Koch] and its host plants, with notes on new taxonomic characteristics of spider mites
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, pt. 1, Parasite host catalogue: Parasites of the Arachnida and Coleoptera
Parasitism : the diversity and ecology of animal parasites
Pathogenesis and host specificity in plant diseases : histopathological, biochemical, genetic and molecular bases. Vol. 2, Eukaryotes
Wild and domestic animals as hosts of Toxoplasma gondii in Finland
Experimental ecology on the interaction between the Puumala hantavirus and its host, the bank vole
Adaptation of Trichinella nativa in hosts
