http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24480 black liquor
black liquor
Advanced biorefinery concepts integrated to chemical pulping
Black liquor combustion in kraft recovery boilers- numerical modelling
Abstract.
Changing recovery technology to meet the challenges of the pulp and paper indusrty : International Chemical Recovery Conference, June 11-14, 2001, Chateau Whistler Resort, Whistler, British Columbia, Canada. Poster presentations
Isolation of organic and inorganic compounds by crystallization from black liquor
Rapid pyrolysis of kraft black liquor. 1, Release of carbon
Pyrolysis and gasification behavior of black liquor under pressurized conditions
2010 International Chemical Recovery Conference : 9 March-1 April, 2010 Williamsburg Lodge, Williamsburg, Virginia USA
2004 International Chemical Recovery Conference : June 6-10, 2004, Charleston Place Hotel, Charleston, South Carolina, USA
Changing recovery technology to meet the challenges of the pulp and paper indusrty : International Chemical Recovery Conference, June 11-14, 2001, Chateau Whistler Resort, Whistler, British Columbia, Canada. Oral presentations
The effect of oxidation on black liquor nitrogen
Characterization of organic material dissolved during alkaline pulping of wood and non-wood feedstocks
1992 International Chemical Recovery Conference, Westin Hotel, Seattle, WA, June 7-11
Towards complete impregnation of wood chips with aqueous solutions. Part 3, Black liguor penetration into pine chips
Efficiency and energy management : International Chemical Recovery Conference, May 29 - June 1, 2007, Quebec City, QC, Canada. 2, Thursday and Friday
Borate autocausticizing during black liquor droplet combustion
Efficiency and energy management : International Chemical Recovery Conference, May 29 - June 1, 2007, Quebec City, QC, Canada. 1, Tuesday and Wednesday
Organic matter content in black liquor inside and outside chips during kraft cooking
1995 International Chemical Recovery Conference ... Royal York Hotel, Toronto, Ontario, Canada : preprints. Book B, Papers to be presented on Wednesday and Thursday April 26-27, 1995.
1989 International Chemical Recovery Conference, April 3-6, 1989 ... Ottawa, Ont
"An important goal of the extended use of biomass is replacing fossil fuels. Potentially, all global energy needs can be covered with biomass if the utilization is efficient enough. This book provides the state of the art in the field of efficient conversion of biomass, covering most technical issues such as combustion, gasification, torrefaction, pyrolysis, pelletizing and biogasproduction. The book combines a thorough description of interesting new technologies and the basic principles and tools to be used in future process optimization work. The wide coverage of examples from all over the world will make the book important as a text book on the subject"--
International chemical recovery conference, New Orleans, LA, April 28-May 1, 1985. 1-3
1995 International Chemical Recovery Conference ... Royal York Hotel, Toronto, Ontario, Canada : preprints. Book A, Papers to be presented on Monday and Tuesday April 24-25, 1995.
1998 TAPPI proceedings : International Chemical Recovery Conference, June 1-4, 1998, Hyatt Westshore, Tampa, Florida. Volume 1-3
Rapid pyrolysis of kraft black liquor. 2, Release of sodium
Modeling and field observations of char bed processes in black liquor recovery boilers
Conversion of sulfur during pressurized pyrolysis and gasification of black liquor with direct causticization using titanates
Biorefinery in the pulp and paper industry
Novel concepts on the recovery of by-products from alkaline pulping
Behavior of black liquor nitrogen in combustion : formation of cyanate
Technologies for converting biomass to useful energy
Fast chromatographic methods for determining aliphatic carboxylic acids in black liquors
Measurement of sulfur release from black liquor droplets in a single particle reactor
