http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2442 devices
devices
Contemporary quantity recipe file
Chemical process equipment : selection and design
Ion-exchanged diffractive optical elements
Encyclopedia of computer science and technology
Roll-to-roll atomic layer deposition process for flexible electronics applications
Procedures for testing pasteurization equipment
Students' level of interest and opinions on a possibility of acquiring a school provided personal laptop : Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management
The aim of this Bachelor thesis was to prove the concept and the main solution for the electronic equipment 'wheel of fortune ' by applying an embedded system, an electric circuit design and a micro controller technology. The work was commissioned by firm Huvireppu Ay and started in January 2014. To achieve this aim it needed fully to understand how to build the basic electric circuit inside the equipment. The key feature of the project was to design a clockwise rotating wheel which was used in the project 'wheel of fortune ' as the most important part of this designing scheme. The design was implemented by using the embedded system technology. Using a microchip connected to the electric circuit controlling the running speed of the ‘wheel,’ and also can randomly stop the 'wheel' while doing the clockwise rotate. In the project work, two schemes were being used, and they have different principles and use different component, but they all achieve the same goal: The wheel does a clockwise rotate and randomly stops. Option one will use LEDs for the running of the wheel and using the 555 timer IC as a time delay chip, randomly slowing and lighting a group of LED lights that are used as the pointer of the wheel. Option two is using the mechanical solution; connecting the device to a stepper motor and using it as the pointer of the wheel and using the timer delay chip randomly stopping it as the pointer stop during the game time. Although the solution of this project was made, and the basic electric circuit diagram is complete, this practical design still carries a significant potential for future upgrading .It is still useful to those programmer adjusting and re coding the inner program of the microchip and applying to other similar electric device. To this 'wheel of fortune' electric equipment, more components can be added to perfect the additional function of the device.
The efficient deck hand : a guide to the department of trade examinations for efficient deck hand and able seaman
Atmospheric turbulence and dynamics of an adaptive optics telescope : modelling and analysis
Steampunk gear, gadgets and gizmos : a maker's guide to creating modern artifacts
In this thesis different turn up devices have been studied and compared. The target was to gain a comprehensive view from turn up devices and their function. Also, the target was to gain awareness as to what kind of things must be considered when designing a new turn up device. At the same time, the suitability of different turn up devices to different paper and board grades was classified. The factors affecting the choice of turn up device were analyzed. Because of a lack of written literature available, the primary method of studying the topic was decided to be learning by doing. The major part of information published in this thesis is based on conversations and interviews conducted with reeler operators, other mill personnel and experts on this field. There is a lot of information that is based on my own cogitation and observation that was made when studying technical drawings available, principle drawings and on mill visits, studying turn up machines when in use. The results gained from thesis gives quite good view about what kind of turn up devices there is available nowadays and what kind of device is suitable for each paper or board grade. For light weight papers the pocket blow turn up, the blade turn up and goose neck turn up are suitable turn up methods. For heavy paper and board grades the tape turn up and more and more popular water jet turn up methods are suitable. Water jet turn up is suitable for a large variety of grammages. The only difference is the way the paper or board tail is picked up to wrap around the new reel spool. This thesis work contains confidential background material.
Effects of personal traits on Generation Y consumers' attitudes toward the use of mobile devices for communication and commerce
Pogue's basics : essential tips and shortcuts (that no one bothers to tell you) for simplifying the technology in your life
Koneturvallisuus = Safety of machinery : koneiden sähkölaitteisto = electrical equipment of machines. Osa 1 = Part 1, Yleiset vaatimukset = General requirements
Mobile Augmented Reality Supporting Marketing Strategies : using mobile's augmented reality-based marketing applications to promote products and services to end customers
Comparison of turn-up methods
Alternatives to map-based pedestrian navigation with location-aware mobile devices
The ph and conductivity : Handbook(tm)
Uima-altaat = Swimming pools. Osa 2 = Part 2, Toiminnanharjoittamiseen liittyvät turvallisuusvaatimukset = Safety requirements for operation
A study on electronic book marketing in Finland
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT OF SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR UNDERGROUND CONSTRUCTION
Microwave cooking
PC hardware in nutshell
Astronomical observations : an optical perspective
The microwave Italian cookbook
Kaleidoscopes : wonders of wonder
Physical computing : sensing and controlling the physical world with computers
Secret agent's handbook
Cloud computing for dummies
Optical shop testing
Workflow strategies
New Technology Productization in Mobile Devices from End-User's View
Abstract: Automated testing of mobile devices.
The blender cocktail book
Machines and tools for stone quarrying and processing. Volume 1
EPIC sensors in electrocardiogram measurement
Digital signal processing in power system protection and control
The level control of the boiler drum
The design and implementation of a hydroponics control system
The bullet-catcher's daughter
Improving transport productivity in equipment rental business
Chemical technicians' ready reference handbook
Android as a platform for database application development case : Winha mobile
Elements of electronic instrumentation
Food service trends
FTIR touch panel for a mobile device : architecture and prototype evaluation
Dentistry - medical devices for dentistry - instruments
Ajouralaitteiden ryhmäkoetus = Group test of tramlining units
Metaphors for the Mobile Internet
Journal of Computers
Planning a hydraulic hoist on a car trailer
The secret life of Bletchley Park : the WWII codebreaking centre and the men and women who worked there
Wireless Virtual Joystick
Telemental health : clinical, technical, and administrative foundations for evidence-based practice
Design and implementation of food management system on Android platform with QR code support
Failure analysis : a practical guide for manufacturers of electronic components and systems
Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) Technology in Marketing Communication
Requirement specification of a Computerised Maintenance Management System (CMMS)
Optometric instrumentation
Evidence against a correlation between ease of use and actual use of a device in a walk-in virtual environment
Carrying Solutions for Mobile Devices : Concept Design
Analytical fractionation of pulps by tube flow
Vincent Shadow : the top secret toys
Carrying Solutions for Mobile Devices  : Concept Design
Food equipment facts : a handbook for the foodservice industry
Euromaintenance 2002 : 3rd - 5th June 2002, Helsinki, Finland : conference proceedings
Improving the accuracy of winding arm motion and nip load control on a paper center winder
Modern technology in supervision of parturition to prevent piglet mortality
Metallintyöstökoneet : turvallisuus : pneumaattiset puristimet = Safety of machine tools : pneumatic presses
The laboratory companion : a practical guide to materials, equipment, and technique
Implementation of a digital cross-connect switch to a GSM network testing environment
Simple machines
Creating polls on mobile devices
Fabrication methods for precision optics
The use of web technologies and mobile devices to improve the shopping experience
Diffractive optics based on V-shaped structures and its applications
World list of seed processing equipment
This thesis was born out of the idea to make hydroponic food growing easier and cheaper, hydroponics is essentially the growing of plants without the use of soil. The idea of it being open source is also in keeping with the general community feeling surrounded by the hydroponic movement. The objective of the thesis was to create a working hydroponic controller, which is cheap and simple enough to build. It will monitor and control the key environmental ingredients needed for successful hydroponic growing, chiefly the pH, EC, air and water levels. Visual alarms will be raised if these go outside of predefined ranges. The controller will also be able to control external HW, such as lights, water heater and a water pump. A circuit board was developed, which will act as a shield for an Arduino 2560 board. The circuit board will help in the ease of building the system. It acts too, as a way of keeping the HW more stable, as wires will not come loose and interference will be minimised. The SW and HW design will be available for everyone to download. Knowledge of what is important in hydroponic growing was considered and these factors were used as inputs into driving the SW and HW requirements. UI usability studies were carried out to ensure that the controller would be enjoyable to use. Software design and software patterns were taken into use to make the SW more module and expandable. Investigation into any third party SW libraries was done and consideration into licensing was carried out. This thesis details the HW and SW and why certain design decisions were made. The design of the SW classes are also described as well as the overall functioning of the SW. An explanation of how to build the system is also given.
Usability of eBooks in JAMK library collection
Cooking for profit
Studying mobile media
"Machines help make work easier, like when you need to lift something heavy or reach way up high. There are six simple machines: the lever, the wheel and axle, the pulley, the ramp, the wedge, and the screw. Can you adjust a seesaw to lift an elephant? What happens when you combine two or more simple machines? Read and find out!"Amazon website.
Milk and milk product equipment : a guide for evaluating sanitary construction
Reflecting on the PRET : a rapporter framework via a field study of adolescents' perceptions of technology and exercise
Security hardware and security system planning for museums
Model It!
Dawsonera: "Computers play a crucial role in our day-to-day lives. With more than 150 black-and-white photographs and illustrations, "Encyclopedia of Computer Science and Technology, Revised Edition" provides a detailed examination of this fascinating field for students and general readers alike. This necessary update boasts more than 50 - per cent new material - a total of more than 550 updated entries, nearly 200 new to this edition, that reflect current information. Helpful appendixes include a chronology of significant events in computing, a listing of achievements in the field, and brief descriptions and contact information for some important organizations in the computer field. Major corporations and organizations in the computer field are now covered, as well as many new biographies. Further reading sections have been revised and expanded with the latest resources".
Handbook of optical systems. Vol. 2, Physical image formation
Applying responsive web design in a small business - case: Satakunnankadun sauna
Laterna Magica. Band 1 = Magic lantern. Volume 1
Kinematics and dynamics of machinery
Certification of a Hot Tapping Drilling Device
PC hardware essentials
The creator of the popular webcomic "xkcd" uses line drawings and common words to provide simple explanations for how things work, including microwaves, bridges, tectonic plates, the solar system, the periodic table, helicopters, and other essential concepts.
Building a home movie studio & getting your films online : an indispensible guide to producing your own films & exhibiting them on today's hottest source - the Internet
Jane's airports, equipment and services
Quality of the Quiet Zone in New Type of MIMO OTA Anechoic Chamber
Digital TV: fixed and mobile systems
Update for X-Ray Beam Profile Monitor  : Daughter Card and Firmware
Energy consumption of workstations and external devices in school of business and information technology
Wavelength extension of visible VECSELs by structural engineering
Roller coasters
Food processor cookery
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2017
Design and layout of foodservice facilities
Home Automation : Smart home technology and template house design
Efficient Speaker Recognition for Mobile Devices
Handbook of medical device design
Applying of Embedded System : Wheel of Fortune Project
Get seen : online video secrets to building your business
Drying phenomena : theory and applications
Automatic test environment for multimedia devices = Automaattinen testiympäristö multimedialle
Controlling telecom instruments using Matlab
Human-centred design processes for interactive systems = Processus de conception centrée sur l'opérateur humain pour les systèmes interactifs
White knuckle ride : the illustrated guide to the world's biggest and best roller coaster and thrill rides
The complete book of cooking equipment
The mariner's astrolabe : a survey of know, surviving sea atrolabes
iCloud : for iPhone, iPad, iPod, Mac, and Windows
Concise encyclopedia of measurement and instrumentation
Automated testing of mobile devices
The way we ate : Pacific Nortwest cooking, 1843-1900
Facilities planning
Restaurateurs' and hoteliers' purchasing book
Sound reproduction : loudspeakers and rooms
Symposium on Oceanographic Instrumentation : Rancho Santa Fe, California, June 21-23, 1952
Design of simple and robust process plants
Exploring Arduino : tools and techniques for engineering wizardry
Ultraviolet-optical space astronomy beyond HST : proceedings of a meeting held at The Regal Harvest House Hotel, Boulder, Colorado, USA, 5-7 August 1998
Xputers : an open family of non-von Neumann architectures
Moulinex blender and mixer cookbook
New Direct Drive system opens a new era for paper machines
Market opportunities for fish farming cage frames in the Republic of Karelia
Star Wars : the complete visual dictionary
Building and study of a small scale micro-grid : The use of PV panels as an alternate energy source
Fundamentals of satellite remote sensing : an environmental approach
Making & Modifying Woodworking Tools
Optoelectronics : an introduction to materials and devices
inner/WORLD/AUDIO : sound, music, design
Productivity of the M-Planter tree-planting device in practice
Build your own computer
The imitation game : Alan Turing decoded
The secret life of Bletchley Park : the history of the wartime codebreaking centre and the men and women who were there
Bennett's ophthalmic prescription work
Application of lead field theory in the analysis and development of impedance cardiography
Permanent magnet and electromechanical devices : materials, analysis, and applications
STUDENTS’ LEVEL OF INTEREST AND OPINIONS ON A POSSIBILITY OF ACQUIRING A SCHOOL PROVIDED PERSONAL LAPTOP. : Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management
Metallintyöstökoneet : turvallisuus : metallisahat = Machine tools : safety : sawing machines for cold metal
Opportunities and challenges of touch interfaces : Analysing mobile usability with heuristic evaluation
The lunar exploration scrapbook  : a pictorial history of lunar vehicles
Handbook of analytical instruments
The iPhone represents an important moment in both the short history of mobile media and the long history of cultural technologies. Like the Walkman of the 1980s, it marks a juncture in which notions about identity, individualism, lifestyle and sociality require rearticulation. this book explores not only the iPhone's particular characteristics, uses and "affects," but also how the "iPhone moment" functions as a barometer for broader patterns of change. In the iPhone moment, this study considers the convergent trajectories in the evolution of digital and mobile culture, and their implications for future scholarship. Through the lens of the iPhone--as a symbol, culture and a set of material practices around contemporary convergent mobile media--the essays collected here explore the most productive theoretical and methodological approaches for grasping media practice, consumer culture and networked communication in the twenty-first century.
Functional Location Structure | Development of SAP ERP Machinery Hierarchy
Sähkötyöturvallisuus = Safety at electrical work
Changes in equipment utilisation among Swedish self-employed private forest owners
Low Energy Cooling Systems Based On The Cold Energy Sources Of The Ground : Preliminary study
Metallic thin film structures and polarization shaping gratings
The Design and Implementation of a Hydroponics Control System
Mobile first as a best practice in web design
Transition-edge sensor array development
An embedded object approach to embedded system development
Import and market development for dental x-ray equipment in Vietnam : case: Meditronic Centre – Viettronic DongDa Joint Stock Company
This paper is about results of the first stage of a field trial that aims to evaluate end-user practices with HoviMestari,  one of the systems that intends to support independent living of disabled and elderly people. The field trial has been  launched in the Raahe District of Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland, in the beginning of 2014 and continues. 16 services  were selected by a group of 20 test users for a field trial and tested. Average age of test users is above 65 and the group  consists of retired and pre-retired people, where 5 of them are formal care-givers. In the paper a description of  gathered end-user attitudes towards services provisioned with the help of the HoviMestari system as well as discovered  during the field trial future perspectives of a multi-service environment are presented.
Introduction to PC Hardware and Troubleshooting
Making wooden mechanical models
Video walls in control center SCADA system
The wool textile industry in Great Britain
Desktopp cinema : feature filmmaking on a home computer
The Gas Council's catering handbook
￼￼Update for X-Ray Beam Profile Monitor – Motherboard and Firmware
Applying of the embedded system : Wheel of Fortune project
Nineteenth-century scientific instruments and their makers : papers presented at the fourth Scientific Instrument Symposium, Amsterdam 23-26 October 1984
Networking : a beginner's guide
How to build an astronomical telescope
Design of a Transition Resistance Measurement System
Telescope optics : evaluation and design
Microwave cook book
Energy-efficient industrial systems : evaluation and implementation
RFID-Based wireless sensor data collection unit
Formal energy estimation framework
End-user experiences and perspectives : HoviMestari
Master mobile web apps with jquery mobile
HIF & LIF ARC FAULT DETECTOR POINT SENSOR MODULE : Combined High Impedance and Low Impedance Arc Fault Detection System
The investigation of MINIVNAPRO Vector Network Analyzer
Interconnections : bridges, routers, switches, and internetworking protocols
Abstract: Carrying Solutions for Mobile Devices – Concept Design. With Golla Oy Ltd. as a client, the aim of this work was to create design concepts based on intelligent materials with respect to creating solutions for mobile devices, especially phones. Intelligent or smart materials have found their way to several areas of life, but not yet to bags and covers that protect portable electronics. The technological gap between the devices and their carrying solutions is vast. New ideas are needed to bring them closer together and somehow make them interact.  A competitor review was made in order to find out to what extent Golla's competitors are using smart materials and technologies today. Literary research and summary on smart materials were conducted, and the materials found acted as an inspiration for creating concept ideas, in other words the essence of this thesis. The most prominent ideas are presented in this work. 3D modeling was used to visualize two concept ideas. No further product design was made as the work was agreed to be made on concept level only.  About a dozen concept ideas were visualized and presented to the client. The concepts will help Golla in evaluating their product strategy and creating alternative development scenarios for the future. The competitor and material review will help Golla in positioning itself in the market. Furthermore, it will further provide information and ideas on intelligent materials that could have a potential to increase Golla's competitiveness.  With a relatively small investment, some working prototypes could be developed for demonstrating intelligent materials' potential for the customers during marketing events. This could help Golla add its brand value and profile itself as a pioneer of functional mobile bags and a visionaire of future products.
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2015
Uniforming a Testing Environment of a Mobile Device
Star Wars : the phantom menace : the expanded visual dictionary
Air conditioners, liquid chilling packages and heat pumps with electrically driven compressors for space heating and cooling : Part 1: Terms and definitions
FTIR TOUCH PANEL FOR A MOBILE DEVICE : Architecture and prototype evaluation
Perceived differences in recordings produced with four 5.0 surround microphone techniques
Suomen postimaksukoneleimojen käsikirja = Handbook of finnish meter marks
The Fabry-Perot interferometer : history, theory, practice and applications
Manual of remote sensing. Vol. 1, Theory, instruments and techniques
Designing an interface concept of an online music store for modern mobile devices : Case Poimuri
Thing explainer : complicated stuff in simple words
Food service in institutions
Mastering woodworking machines
JOMINY TEST : Design & Manufacturing Plan of a Jominy Testing Device
XML messaging for mobile devices
A Photo Sharing Application for Android Mobile Device
Third generation mobile technology and its evolution towards fourth generation
Lloyd's register of shipping : a guide to machinery and electrical equipment in yachts
Equipment for cyclic voltammetry
Mobile communication and work practices in knowledge-based organizations
Food processor cookbook
HTML5 mobile development cookbook
Solar mobile power supply
Analysis and life cycle assessment of printed antennas for sustainable wireless systems
Jerry Hofmann on Final Cut Pro 4
World war II in secret : the hidden conflict 1939 to 1945
Vibration Measurement for Rotatory Machines : Importance of maintenance practices
Effects of the Metor 200 and Metor 300 walk-through metal detectors on some active implantable and external medical devices
Late modern subjects of colonial occupation : mobile phones and the rise of neoliberalism in Palestine
Analyzing computer architectures
100 facts on science
How to manage a restaurant or institutional food service
Optics : an introduction for students of engineering
Audio codec measurements for product testing
The Wireless Application and Development Built on Java 2 Platform, Micro Edition
Characterization of MgB2 superconductors in conduction-cooled systems
The kingdom of light
Proceedings of the ICO-16 Satellite Conference on Active and Adaptive Optics : August 2-5, 1993, Garching/Munich, Germany
Safety-conscious modernisation of machines and production lines
Dentistry - medical devices for dentistry - equipment
Marketing Plan for a Scuba Diving Company
Optical engineering fundamentals
Photophysics of molecular materials : from single molecules to single crystals
This work was done in a company named TactoTek, which is specialized in embedding electronic components into 3D molded plastic. The technology allows curved touch interfaces produced cost efficiently by integrating infrared transmitters and receivers into molded plastic. How to design an optical touch application that runs on a microcontroller of limited power and processing resources providing touch functionality that meets today’s standards. The basic concepts of infrared detection and the frustrated total internal reflection (FTIR) phenomenon are gone through. The SW and HW architecture, signal processing and algorithms are described at high level. A prototype device was developed with PC connectivity in order to read the runtime data to be displayed in the signal monitoring application and to feed the algorithm on computer. A simulator SW was developed to explore different kinds of methods for calculating touch points. The best algorithm candidate was integrated in a microcontroller providing digital interface for host device communication. The prototype’s performance and accuracy was evaluated by using a robot tester and other manual measurement methods. In the end the prototype device was integrated in a cell phone with a rebuilt mechanics.The developed touch application has an accurate multi touch functionality and allows input to be given with gloved hands. In addition, a touch size, shape and relative pressure are calculated. This study proves that this technology has potential and it can compete with the existing technologies providing a good performance, accuracy and a multi-touch functionality. The challenge in the technology is the activation sensitivity compared to the capacitive, which does not need a physical contact for a touch activation. On the other hand the FTIR panel provides a more natural and secure input method for applications where unintentional touches should be avoided. This could be advantageous in consumer applications where usually buttons and switches have been used, for example household and automotive applications. In order to achieve an optimal solution, more studies are needed in the material, hardware and signal processing.
Analytical guide of the changes suggested by Directive 2006/42/EC on the safety of machies
Middleware for mobile sensing applications in urban environments
The factors affecting the use of contactless payments
Mobile graphics testing
Introduction to classical and modern optics
