http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24460 women's physical culture
women's physical culture
Perfect girls, starving daughters : the frightening new normality of hating your body
Customer satisfaction at Hämeen naisvoimistelijat ry
Medical-surgical nursing : assessment and management of clinical problems
The making and breaking of a female culture : the history of Swedish physical education 'in a different voice'
Women, sport and physical activity : sharing good practice
A philosophy of Finnish women's physical education as presented in selected writings of Elin Kallio, Elli Björkstén and Hilma Jalkanen
Movement and sport in the life-cycle of woman : July 27-August 1, 1997, Lahti, Finland : programme & abstracts
Proceedings of the Jyväskylä Congress on Movement and Sport in Women's Life, August 17-21, 1987, Jyväskylä, Finland. Vol. 2, Physical education, psychology and health sciences
Sporting females : critical issues in the history and sociology of women's sports
Cassey Ho's hot body year-round : the pop pilates plan to get slim, eat clean, and live happy through every season
The frailty myth : women approaching physical equality
Women, Sport, and Culture features 24 selections from various feminist positions that examine the relation between sport and gender. The articles serve as a marker of where feminist sport studies has been as a field and a guidepost for what may be the most promising theoretical directions in the future. This comprehensive collection of articles is organized into five sections: part I introduces and provides an overview of feminist theories that have examined gender, women, and sport; part II addresses the gendered organizational order of sport and explores the practices through which women in institutionalized sport are managed; part III explores how certain practices associated with sport actively degrade women and how women have alternately appropriated and opposed what they perceive to be oppressive and unjust practices; part IV examines the role of the media in circulating and legitimizing dominant meanings of sport, women, gendered bodies, and sexuality; and part V interrogates heterosexism and homophobia in sport.
Sport and women : international bibliography 1977-1983
Women's football in the UK : continuing with gender analyses
Muslim women and sport
IWG creating dialogue : strengthening the position of women in sport
Women as a social and cultural minority in sports
Sports marketing : a strategic perspective
Abstract.
Health promotion throughout the life span
Are daily activity patterns altered between days with and without exercise for fitness?
Emancipation through sports : doctors and the rise of the female body in Finland c. 1900-1920
Feminist disability studies
Women, sport and culture : how to change sports culture? : 4th European Women and Sport Conference : European Women & Sport, Helsinki 7-11 June, 2000 : report
Disability, like questions of race, gender, and class, is one of the most provocative topics among theorists and philosophers today. This volume, situated at the intersection of feminist theory and disability studies, addresses questions about the nature of embodiment, the meaning of disability, the impact of public policy on those who have been labelled disabled, and how we define the norms of mental and physical ability. The essays here bridge the gap between theory and activism by illuminating structures of power and showing how historical and cultural perceptions of the human body have been informed by and contributed to the oppression of women and disabled people.
Proceedings of the Jyväskylä Congress on Movement and Sport in Women's Life, August 17-21, 1987, Jyväskylä, Finland. Vol. 1, History and sociology
Abstracts of the Jyväskylä Congress on Movement and Sport in Women's Life, August 17.-21, 1987, Jyväskylä, Finland
Sport and the emancipation of European women : the struggle for self-fulfilment
Finngymnasts and their native land
Philosophical perspectives on gender in sport and physical activity
Sexual sports rhetoric : historical and media contexts of violence
Women's health : e-lehti
English summary: More than excercise: Yoga in commercial media culture.
Movement education as it relates to women's gymnastics
Empowering young female athletes : a possible challenge to the male hegemony in sport : a descriptive and interventional study
A history and philosophy of sport and physical education : from ancient civilizations to the modern world
Heroines of sport : the politics of difference and identity
Summary  This unique book explores the complex and diverse nature of Sports Marketing, presenting a framework to help explain and organize the sports marketing process. Written from a true strategic marketing perspectiveby a professor of marketing in a college of businessit illustrates the application of marketing principles and processes to the sports industry.  Table of contents  I. CONTINGENCY FRAMEWORK FOR STRATEGIC SPORTS MARKETING.                       1. Emergence of Sports Marketing.                      2. Overview of the Contingency Framework for Strategic Sports Marketing.                      3. External and Internal Contingencies.                     II. PLANNING FOR MARKET SELECTION DECISIONS.                       4. Research Tools for Understanding Sports Consumers.                      5. Understanding Participants as Consumers.                      6. Understanding Spectators as Consumers.                      7. Segmentation, Targeting and Positioning.                    III. PLANNING THE SPORTS MARKETING MIX.                       8. Sports Products/Service Concepts.                      9. Developing and Managing Sports Products/Services.                      10. Promotion Concepts.                      11. Promotion Mix Elements.                      12. Sponsorship Programs.                      13. Distribution Concepts.                      14. Pricing Concepts.                      15. Developing A Pricing Strategy.                    IV. IMPLEMENTING AND CONTROLLING THE STRATEGIC SPORTS MARKETING                  PROCESS.                       16. Implementing and Controlling the Strategic Sports Marketing Process.                      Appendix A: Careers Opportunities in Sports Marketing.                      Appendix B: Sports Marketing Sites of Interest on the Internet.
Girls with balls : the secret history of women's football
Women, sport, and culture
From nothing, a great team rises
Athletic intruders : ethnographic research on women, culture, and exercise
Women in sport - sport for women : constructing scenarios and utopias from a women centered perspective
The history of sport in Britain, 1880-1914. Vol. 2, Sport, education, and improvement
A healthy you : boost your energy, live cleaner, and look and feel younger every day
Revive! : end exhaustion and feel great again
Scientific aspects of women's gymnastics
Study on the lifestyle, performance and nutritional status of selected female athletes in Bangladesh
Nursing practice : hospital and home : the adult
