http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p244 sets of rooms
sets of rooms
Innovative solutions to afforable housing in major cities for yong professionals
Apartment Therapy presents : real homes, real people, hundreds of real design solutions
New small homes
Corporate interiors. 6
The apartment book : smart decorating for spaces large and small
This thesis is a quantitative research project commissioned by Hellsten Hotel Apartments. The aim of the thesis is to study guest perceptions of Hellsten Hotel Apartments approached through service quality. Furthermore, the management view of guest expectations is included to form a holistic picture of how service quality can be managed.     The framework of the study consists of an extensive literature review exploring models of service quality and the influencing factors of guest expectations and perceptions present in the formation of perceived service quality. Moreover, the GAP-model is used as a theoretical framework to approach the research problem, and methods and issues of measuring service quality in relation to the chosen model are discussed.    The research is conducted through a survey based on the SERVQUAL instrument, measuring customer expectations and experience and comparing them to obtain a view of satisfaction with the quality.     The survey was webbased and distributed to hotel guests, and 172 answers were obtained for analysis. In addition, a modified version of the questionnaire measuring manager perceptions of guest expectations was responded to by a total of five managers.    The key findings of the study were that guest expectations are met on most aspects of the service and that managers were well informed about guest expectations. Although overall satisfaction can be assumed, the results indicate that attention should be paid to service specifications and performance in attributes related to cleanliness and staff assurance.
Corporate interiors. 2
New studio design
Shop! : best of store design
Neon world
Stores of the year : no. 12
Small houses
Lofts
Human factors in the built environment
Perceptions of service quality in Hellsten Hotel Apartments
Marketing Plan of Rental Apartments in Costa Blanca for Scandinavians : Case: Zariko Enterprise SL
The affairs of others
Coffee houses of Europe
Space and light : How to maximize the Potential of your Home
An econometric analysis and forecast of office property rents in the Helsinki area
Beauty of space : living in minimal style
Window displays = Vetrine
Working @ home : working and living spaces
Detail in contemporary retail design
Herman Miller : classic furniture and system designs for the working environment
Recycled spaces : converting old buildings into new homes
European shop designs
Shopping architecture now
Sustainable home refurbishment : the Earthscan guide to retrofitting homes for efficiency
Display, commercial space and sign design : Volume 24
Is the limited company a better option than direct ownership when leasing residences and premises?
Contemporary world interiors
Store windows no. 11
The house that groaned
Retail spaces : small stores under 250 m2 [2,700 sq. ft.]
Display, commercial space & sign design : Volume 26
Good housekeeping, the ecofriendly home : fresh ideas for a healthy home
Room for the seventies
World shops & fashion boutiques : 52 outstanding fashion boutiques & specialty stores
New trends in commercial spaces
Lofts : living in space
Book of lofts = Le livre des lofts = Das loftbuch
The new boutique : fashion and design
Shit New York : snapshots of the city that never sleeps - caught napping
Corporate interiors. 1
One-off : independent retail design
New commercial spaces
The house on Lonely Street
Fashion +  architecture
Store windows no. 9
Cool Shops Hamburg
Interior pop!
Huhtamäki-yhtymän näyttelyhuoneisto, Helsinki : Huhtamäki-Koncernens utställningslokal, Helsingfors : Exhibition rooms of the Huhtamäki-concern, Helsinki
Trade mark & store design : L`anima oltre l`atlantico ; the soul beyond the atlantic
Shops
New Retail
Display, commercial space & sign design vol 27
A home away from home : ResidenSea introduces luxury living on ship
Dwellings and housing conditions
Retail interiors : Interior design library
Retail and restaurant spaces : an international portfolio of 41 designers
New retail
This house is not for sale
Small and chic : high style for small spaces
A taste of Finland
Creative booth design 2 : a collection of strongest idea booths
Creative lighting : custom and decorative luminaires
The resident
500 ideas for small spaces = 500 idées pour petits espaces = 500 ideen für kleine räume
Display, commercial space and sign design : Volume 22
Customer satisfaction research for Kotimaailma Apartments
Hot shops
Staged - a stage to dwell
Hip interiors : shops and showrooms
Brand spaces : branded architecture and the future of retail design
Stores and retail spaces 11: from the Retail Design Institute and the editors of VMSD magazine
New shop image graphics 2
Fashion decor : new interiors for consepts shops
Small lofts = Petits lofts = Kleine lofts
Loft design : solutions for creating a livable space
Display, commercial space & sign design : Volume 32.
The apartment : collector's edition
Consumer Behaviour : Case Kuopion Huoneistovälitys Oy LKV
Display, commercial space & sign design : Volume 31
Dolls' house shops, cafes & restaurants
300 tips, techniques & trade secrets for painting & decorating
