http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24440 crossmedia
crossmedia
Transmedia 2.0 : how to create an entertainment brand using a transmedial approach to storytelling
Impure cinema : intermedial and intercultural approaches to film
The Builders Association : performance and media in contemporary theater
The Builders Association, an award-winning intermedia performance company founded in 1994, develops its work in extended collaborations with artists and designers, working through performance, video, architecture, sound, and text to integrate live performance with other media. Its work is not only cross-media but cross-genre - fiction and nonfiction, unorthodox retellings of classic tales and multimedia stagings of contemporary events. This book offers a generously illustrated history and critical appraisal of The Builders Association, written by Shannon Jackson, a leading theater scholar, and Marianne Weems, the founder and artistic director of the company. It also includes critical meditations from such artists and scholars as Elizabeth Diller, Pico Iyer, Saskia Sassen, Kate Valk, and many others. Technological wizardry in the theater has a long history, going back to the deus ex machina of ancient Greek drama. The Builders Association makes its technological dependence visible, putting backstage technologies center stage and presenting architectural assemblies of screens and bodies. Jackson and Weems explore a series of major productions - from MASTER BUILDER (Ibsen by way of Gordon Matta-Clark) to SUPERVISION (an exploration of dataveillance) to HOUSE/DIVIDED (the foreclosure crisis juxtaposed with the Joads of Steinbeck's The Grapes of Wrath). Each work is described through a series of steps, including "R&D," "Operating Systems," "Storyboard," and "Rehearsal/Assembly." The Builders Association not only traces the evolution of an intermedial aesthetic practice but also tells a story about how a group makes the risky decision to make art in the first place.
A creator's guide to transmedia storytelling : how to captivate and engage audiences across multiple platforms
Crossmedia and transmedia are keywords of increasing importance for media professionals and scholars alike. Although these phenomena are older than sometimes argued, the affordances of digital networked media have radically enriched the nature of crossmedia strategies of media industries. As such crossmedia is an emergent practice that arises as one of the core sources of complexity and innovation for late modern cultures. This edited volume includes chapters by authors from three continents who approach the phenomenon from different disciplinary angles: semiotics, cultural studies, media economics, political economy, innovation studies. The common interest lies in the dynamics that lead to experiments with crossmedia and in how our cultures are innovated through such practices.
Media transformation : the transfer of media characteristics among media
"Why are some kinds of information and qualities possible to transfer from one medium to another type of medium, whereas others resist intermedial transfer? This basic question guides the investigations in Media Transformation of communicative phenomena that are in a way self-evident and yet highly complex and difficult to explain. The book is a methodical study of the material and mental limit and possibilities of transferring information and media characteristics among dissimilar media. Whereas media such as speech, gestures, writing, music, films, and websites are clearly different, they also have common traits that enable systematic comparison. Elleström proposes a theoretical model for pinpointing the most vital conceptual entities and stages of intermedial transfers and illustrates how the model can be used in practical analysis"--
Writing for animation, comics, and games
The terms transmediality and transculturality by the ambiguity of the prefix denote transcendence as well as procedurality and provisionality. Since the mid-20th century, transmediality and transculturality have been launched into debates about cultural and medial sectionalisms when competing terms such as inter- or multiculturality and inter- or multimediality entrenched virulent distinctions for the organization of privilege and hierarchy. As pragmatic alternatives, transmediality and transculturality seek to describe experience with more comprehensive realism and greater temporary adequacy. The volume comprises essays by scholars from American Studies, Inter-American Studies, Media Studies, and Comparative Literature and Culture which explore transmediality and transculturality from different perspectives and in various cultural contexts and languages, covering a timespan that reaches from the Renaissance to the 21st century and a provenance of works from Europe, the Caribbean, and the United States. A first section applies the concept of transmediality and traces its origin to notions of intermedia in post-World War II transatlantic culture; the second section of the volume is dedicated to the work of Cuban sociologist Fernando Ortiz who coined the term transculturation in the 1940s and instigated its academic discussion; and a third section offers essays that sound the contemporary potential of a correlation of both terms towards a general typology of cultural and medial phenomena.
Transmediality and transculturality
Designing New Media : learning, communication and innovation
Transmedia storytelling : imagery, shapes and techniques
Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on Defining a European Research Agenda on Information Systems and Management in eMedia Industries : Bled, Slovenia, 9th-13th June 2013
Crossing borders and boundaries in public service media : [RIPE@2015]
Crossmedia innovations : texts, markets, institutions
