http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24497 Uighur language
Uighur language Uyghur language
A textbook of Uyghur grammar. Volume 1
An Uyghur-English dictionary
The structure of the titles of Türk and Uigur rulers in the Old Turkic inscriptions
Issues in Eurasian languages. 1, On the materials from the collection of the St. Petersburg Branch of the Institute of Oriental Studies of Russian Academy of Sciences
The written and spoken : literacy and oral transmission among the Uyghur
The Lopnor dialect of Uyghur : a descriptive analysis
Literary texts from Kashghar edited and translated with notes and glossary
Since 1949, Tibetans and Uyghurs generally have been perceived as the two most problematic members of the PRC's great family of peoples and been the targets of 'carrot and stick' measures designed to facilitate their integration into the PRC. In recent years, a solution to the problem of Xinjiang and the Tibet has been sought in accelerated economic development, yet this is perceived by both groups with great suspicion. Addressing this situation, the volume explores the arenas of socio-economic development and market liberalization, popular culture, urban planning and relocation, environment and ecological migration, civil society, education and language, ethno-nationalism, as well as religious policies and practices. It is especially topical at a time when fieldwork in the regions where these two minorities live remains extremely difficult and politically sensitive. --Publisher's description.
The Lopnor dialect of Uyghur : descriptive analysis
De Dunhuang a Istanbul : hommage à James Russell Hamilton
Phonologies of Asia and Africa : (including the Caucasus). Volume 2
Uyghur education and social order : the role of Islamic leadership in the Turpan basin
Epistolary formulae of the old Uighur letters from the Eastern Silk Road. Part 2.
The Turfan dialect of Uyghur
Central Asia phrasebook
Turks and Iranians : interactions in language and history : the Gunnar Jarring memorial program at the Swedish Collegium for Advanced Study
Approaches to Eurasian linguistic areas
On the fringes of the harmonious society : Tibetans and Uyghurs in socialist China
Dictionary of the Turkic languages
