http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2445 media
media
Abstract: The thesis studied rich media Internet applications, especially with regard to collaborative services in social media. The various types of existing and potential content and their production processes were investigated. In addition, the applicable technical solutions for producing rich multimedia online were discovered. The field was studied by examining previous research and the views of influential thinkers about the subject. As a case study, the production of a website consisting of various social media elements was examined, and the results verified many of the findings in secondary research. The site included an example of a more innovative rich media application, and experiences from its production process were used to define guidelines for the production of similar services in the future. The project corroborated the view that the user base of social media is heavily segmented, and a small minority typically produces the vast majority of content. A smaller minority participates less, whereas most users tend to be mainly passive. Therefore, if a service aims to reach large amounts of users, the provision of several levels of participation activity was recommended in the thesis. On the technical side, modern open source solutions were found to integrate well into rich media productions, while the use of Adobe Flash technology continues to be necessary for the implementation of certain features.
Perceptions, realities and forest communication
Socially acceptable? : exploring consumer responses to marketing in social media
Concept and practices of youth media participation : case: youth editorial board Painovirhe
Demystifies emerging media technologies and explains their potential influences on popular forms of mainstream media, such as newspapers, magazines, television, and radio, in the context of transformations in human communication since the emergence of written language. Discusses aspects including domains of communication media and the role of spoke.
Usage of social media in location based marketing
Social climate of forest bioenergy development in China among forestry stakeholders
"Old ladies - they got a way of coming back and biting you in the ass" : the female character construction in Sons of Anarchy
Social media in human resources management
Developing a social media marketing strategy for the horse industry customer group : Case: Avant Tecno UK LTD
Media mythmakers : how journalists, activists, and advertisers mislead us
Developing the Marketing in the Social Media : Case: Tamhockey Oy
Effective Social Media Marketing and Content Marketing Influence Customer Awareness and Interest in Bakery Industry  The Case Study of Royal Bakery
Development plan for the utilization of social media : Case: Zilivonkkelis Lp
Snapchat money machine : a beginner's guide to start making money with snapchat in 2017
The social use of media : cultural and social scientific perspectives on audience research
Processing of social media posts in contact centers
Media studies : an introduction
Social media in marketing communications planning for entrepreneurs
Error error lataa patteri : from language alternation to global multilingual repertoires in Finnish youth radio programs in Finland and Sweden
Redesigning the web presence of an organization
"She ain't heavy, she's my wife!" : the representation of the Wife Carrying World Championships in the English-language press
Organizational Media Affordances : Operationalization and Associations with Media Use
Social media marketing & Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences
Presenting critical concepts in comparative perspectives by using examples from the US and UK and incorporating relevant research examples from other systems, notably Russia, this book provides the student with an understanding of how the media operates under various political regimes.
Mediatization and religion : Nordic perspectives
They will save us, or shouldn t they? An analysis of the role of the international community in the Albanian print media after the January 21st 2011 demonstrations
"Try again, fail better" : detecting the intersectionality of white female protagonist in Weeds
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Interactions: studies in communication & culture. Volume 5, number 3
Crowdfunding for a Novelty Product : Case Study: Goodio Cools
Key readings in media today : mass communication in contexts
Media in enhancing physical activities : the case study "Dynamic Duo"
A multi-level study of the impact of social media on change management
Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on Defining a European Research Agenda on Information Systems and Management in eMedia Industries : Bled, Slovenia, 9th-13th June 2013
Iopentol : clinical trials with a new non-ionic contrast medium : proceedings of the Nycomed Scientific Symposium 1989 held in Paris, France, June 30-July 1 1989
Analysis of network rumor dissemination and control mechanisms on Chinese social network : Sina Weibo
The media and globalization
Media literacy in schools : practice, production and progression
Understanding the global TV format
Effective media relations : how to get results
Language and globalization
Media cultures and globalization in China : proceedings from a cross-disciplinary conference in Stockholm 2004
Communication theory : media, technology, society
Marketing Communications of a Hotel in Social Media
Europe Wide Web : public sphere in European online media
Social networks : promoting Mexican popular cultures and building a participatory culture
Drawing on the work of international contributors, this text examines a wide range of global-local media organizations and the production of different mediums and genres.
China's media & entertainment law. Vol. 1
Cutting edge : using the media to enrich the teaching of oral skills
The curse of the mogul : Whatʼs wrong with the worldʼs leading media companies
Communication
The historical development of the Mongolian media landscape : media ecology approach to the development of the Mongolian media from the 1200s to the new millennium, recognizing community radio as a sign of a new era of participatory communication
The importance of social media in building  customer loyalty for Company X
International cultural policies and power
Social media marketing : Diesel in online networking applications
This is the first book to examine in detail the roles that the news media can play in an ongoing peace process. Gadi Wolfsfeld explains how the press's role in such processes varies over time and political circumstance. He examines three major cases: the Oslo peace process between Israel and the Palestinians; the peace process between Israel and Jordan; and the process surrounding the Good Friday Agreement in Northern Ireland. Wolfsfeld's central argument is that there is a fundamental contradiction between news values and the nature of a peace process. This often leads the media to play a destructive role in attempts to make peace, but variations in the political and media environment affect significantly exactly how the media behave. Wolfsfeld shows how the media played a mainly destructive role in the Oslo peace process, but were more constructive during the Israel-Jordan process and in Northern Ireland.
Political communications transformed ; From Morrison to Mandelson
A Methodology for Developing Applications on Social Networking Sites
A sampler of international media and communication statistics 2010
Facebook, Twitter & YouTube : A social media guide for the city of Ravensburg
On the political possibilities of therapy news : media responsibility and the limits of objectivity in disaster coverage
Online collective action : dynamics of the crowd in socia media
Matters of Opinion : Talking About Public Issues
Making media : practical production in media education
Preliminary results on the field study of the social media application enhanced with sensors as the basis for wellbeing monitoring
MEDIA AND BRANDS : A study of Helsinki’s Brand Image Acknowledgement in Foreign Media
Ethical demands and responsibilities in online publishing. The Finnish experience
And the clients went wild! : how savvy professionals win all the business they want
In conclusion, the social media marketing plan introduced for the commissioner focuses on providing guidelines for the establishment of the social media presence. Current situation is analysed in order to produce a plan appropriate for this specific project. A great deal of opportunities can arise from proper implementation and execution of the social media plan. For future development purposes, more resources can be directed for social media marketing to be even more successful in it. Further research regarding possible co-operation opportunities with other organisations could be conducted.
Marketing communications : interactivity, communities and content
Exploring the meaningful learning of students in Second Life
'New Media and Politics' questions whether political culture is being transformed, and if so, in what ways. It discusses the complex interplay which exists between political change and contemporary communications technologies.
The main objective of this study was to launch a Facebook site for the company and explore whether it is useful for a company to market products and business through social media, especially Facebook. Another task was to create a manual, which clarifies how the page is supposed to be built and how it should be up-dated and be of benefit in the future. It is very important to market and promote a new company, and social media is a modern way to implement company's marketing.  This research was done for A-Print Oy, a company, which has a long history, but which has through its sale and change of name has faced a situation that requires re-marketing and promoting. A-Print is a leading company in the digital printing business and it is situated in Tampere. The company makes quality products for both the private and business sector. The object of this research is to explore Facebook as a marketing channel to get new customers, to have orders and to promote the company.  This bachelor's thesis shows that social media is useful and an important marketing channel for the company. However, it is not enough that the site is just created and launched. It requires constant planning and developing to produce the content and to up-date it regularly. The benefits that the site gives, is comparable to the time and content that has been invested in it.  In the future, the company should concentrate more on producing quality content, growing fan quantity, and creating ways to maintain the interest of those fans.
Mapping media and communication research : the Netherlands
Future of the media : sights from the inside
Learning English informally through authentic literacy practices : a case study of Finnish 8th grade students
At present, the picture of the ethnic media is incomplete. There is very little material/research on how the media produced by ethnic communities, for ethnic communities affect (1) the perceptions of self and of the ethnic community & (2) how the production & consumption of ethnic media affects the character of the larger media landscape.
Investigating audiences
Executive summary.
How to promote Massidea.org activities to Russian universities to achieve collaboration in the future. Case: Massidea.org
Abstract: Processing of social media post in contact centers. This Master's Thesis explores different aspects of social media use in companies and pro-poses a model for processing social media posts in contact centers.    A social media can be used as a tool for customer service and a new channel for customer to contact a company. When the number of social media posts increases, the company must address this challenge. For this purpose, the company needs guidelines and devel-oped processes for handling social media posts.  This study was launched due to the new social media engagement products in contact center solutions. These products are new and their practical implementations are still largely absent. The aim of this Thesis is to make a proposal how social media posts can be processed in contact centers.    This study was carried out by collecting data through semi-structured interviews from companies operating in different industries. The data were analyzed, and based on the analyses, a model was suggested. The developed model was then discussed with contact center experts.    The result of this Thesis is a model for processing social media posts in contact centers. This model is formed taking into account the customer, the process and the economic as-pects. The suggested model can be further modified to serve those companies use, which intend to process social media post in their contact centers..
What do bloggers think about Iittala and how does the company want to be visible in social media
Ranging across many fields, including film & media, gender, nationality, globalization & popular culture, this text explores what culture is & how it works in the modern world.
The media and cultural production
Systemic approach to learning paradigms and  the use of social media in higher education
This lively new study is a critical cultural history of communication technologies, from railways and telegraphy to computers and the Internet, in which Rod Giblett argues that these technologies play a pivotal role in the cultural history of modernity and its project of the sublime.
Youth and media
Media organisation and production
The Effects of Social Media in the Hotel Sector: A report for WinHotels
The British media
Media economics : applying economics to new and traditional media
Battle lines in the Chinese blogosphere : keyword control as a tactic in managing mass incidents
Intercultural communication on China ́s We Media-WeChat public platform as an example
Mass communication : an introduction
'The Internet and the Mass Media' explores the far-reaching implications of the Internet from economic, regulatory, strategic and organizational perspectives. This cross-disciplinary, international view is essential for an understanding of the many technological, economic, and social changes the Internet has brought to the way we live and work.
Taken as a starting point proposed definitions of 'race' ethnicity and their media representation, the authors draw on their own and others' research in a variety of locations to review a series of new or relatively untapped dimensions for anti-racist media research.
Television and Fertility
The 'Viking apocalypse' of 22nd February 2014 : an analysis of the Jorvik Viking Centre's Ragnarǫk and its media reception
Media analysis techniques
Otitis media with effusion in children : the Dunedin study
The media in the network society : browsing, news, filters and citizenship
Exploring mass media for a changing world
Victims, villains or organized community? : discrimination, social exclusion and empowerment in the media representation of urban poverty : case of barrio “El 70” in Venezuelan newspapers
Applicability of Social Media in Tourism Business
A pragmatic mixed-methods analysis : identifying perspectives and sentiments with social media data
Introduction -- audience/society transformations / Nico Carpentier, Kim Schrøder and Lawrie Hallett -- Using the media. Cross-media use: Unfolding complexities in contemporary audiencehood / Jakob Bjur, Kim Schrøder, Uwe Hasebrink, Ceric Courtois, Hanna Adoni and Hillel Nossek -- New genres: new roles for the audience? An overview of recent research / Ranjana Das, Jelena Kleut and Guran Bolin -- On the role of media in socially demanding situations / Ingrid Paus-Hasebrink, Jasmin Kulterer, David Omahel and Vera Kontrakov -- Unpacking the audience's complex structures (generations, minorities and networks). Generations and media: The social construction of generational identity and differences / Nicoletta Vittadini, Andra Siibak, Irena Carpentier Reifov and Helena Bilandzic -- "Lost in mainstreaming"? Ethnic minority audiences for public and private broadcasting / Marta Cola, Kaarina Nikunen, Alexander Dhoest and Gavan Titley -- Networks of belonging: Interaction, participation and consumption of mediatised content / Paula Cordeiro, Manuel Damsio, Guy Starkey, Ines Botelho, Patricia Dias, Carla Ganito, Catia Ferreira and Sara Henriques -- Participation in and through the media. The democratic (media) revolution: A parallel genealogy of political and media participation / Nico Carpentier, Peter Dahlgren and Francesca Pasquali -- The mediation of civic participation: Diverse forms of political agency in a multimedia age / Peter Lunt, Anne Kaun, Pille Pruulmann-Vengerfeldt, Birgit Stark and Liesbet Van oonen -- New perspectives on audience activity: 'prosumption' and media activism as audience practices / Brian O'Neill, J. Ignacio Gallego, Frauke Zeller -- The role of the media industry when participation is a product / Jose M. Noguera, Mikko Villi, Nora Nyire, Emiliana de Blasio and Melanie Bourdaa -- Prerequisites of participation: access, literacies and trust. Transforming digital divides in different national contexts / Sascha Triltzsch, Ragne Kiuts-Klemm, Piermarco Aroldi -- Situating media literacy in the changing media environment: critical insights from European research on audiences / Sonia Livingstone, Christine W. Wijnen, Tao Papaioannou, Conceio Costa and Maria del Mar Grandio -- What does it mean to trust the media? / Tereza Pavlokov, Lars Nyre and Jelena Juriic.
Baltic Sea in Estonian and Finnish media : discussed topics and stakeholders
The bilingual screen : ethnolinguistic identity and television viewing among three language minorities
Assessing the relative strengths and weaknesses of qualitative and quantitative methods, this book examines the methodological perspectives adopted by media researchers in their attempts to understand the nature of media in society.
Media research methods : measuring audiences, reactions and impact
Online community members' approval of company roles : a role theory perspective
"And now to the rest of the trash..." : representations of begging Roma and an ideal society in two Nordic newspapers
Female spectators : looking at film and television
Collaborative creation of advanced content in social media services
Perspectives on social media : a yearbook
The dynamics of mass communication : media in transition
Share this : the social media handbook for PR professionals
Completely rewritten, the 3rd edition of this successful guide to European media systems has also been expanded to include Central and Eastern Europe.
Norden as an argument : The 1994 EU-referenda in Helsingin Sanomat, Dagens Nyheter and Aftenposten
Media today : mass communication in a converging world
Facebook marketing : an hour a day
Viewer discretion advised : taking control of mass media influences
This title is structured around contemporary topics, including celebrity and reality TV, focuses on qualitative methods of media research and firmly grounded within interpretive approaches to studying viewers, readers and listeners. Other topics include violence, pornography, video gaming, and children and advertising.
A study of the potential contribution of social media in marketing Gassan Diamonds to tourists in Amsterdam.
Characterization in Training Day
The advent of the twenty-first century was marked by a succession of conflicts and catastrophes that demanded unrestrained journalism. Hoskins and O'Loughlin demonstrate that television, tarnished by its economy of liveness and its impositions of immediacy, and brevity, fails to deliver critical and consistent expositions of our conflicting times.
Profitable social media marketing : how to grow your business using Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Linkedin and more
Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences Social Media Marketing Campaign
The secret power of blogging : how to promote and market your business, organization, or cause with free blogs
Finland : media, Internet and telecommunications : complete profile
Transmedia storytelling and Lost path to success
New media and politics
The Computer as Medium
Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Macedonia (FYROM) and Kosovo : international assistance to media : a report
Playing the Publicity Game : Music Promotion to the Finnish Media
Media and morality : on the rise of the mediapolis
Abundant popular discourses surround the O. J. Simpson double murder case. By contrast, Darnell M. Hunt scrutinizes these very discourses in order to further our understanding of the interests underlying them. Exploring the relationships between O. J.'s trial, the social location of television viewers (their race, gender and class) and everyday consciousness of social issues, his textual and audience analyses consider the incredible allure of the trial as 'media event'. Looking beyond the obvious explanations of celebrity, scandal and voyeurism, Dr Hunt asks: why was America so obsessed by this case? Why were so many people interested in particular outcomes? and what are we to make of the apparent racial divide in attitudes about the case, as shown in the opinion polls? O. J. Simpson Facts and Fictions incorporates insights from sociology and cultural studies to examine the implications for race relations in the United States at the dawn of the new millennium.
In this account Denis McQuail analyzes the concept 'media audience' in terms of its history and its place in present day media theory and research. It summarizes key research findings and assesses the impact of new media developments.
"I Sid you not", "Raanta Claus" and "Getz the last laf" : punning wordplays in the news headlines of the National Hockey League's official website
'Media Ownership' offers an up-to-date and timely critical overview of the contemporary media environment. It is invaluable to all those with an interest in media economics, media policy media law and management.
Telepresence and Sexuality: A Review and a Call to Scholars
The internet and the mass media
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
Mediamorphosis : understanding new media
Much research has been conducted in the field of utilising the media - television and radio in particular - to promote particular public health messages. However, a burgeoning canon has examined how mass media can play a role in affecting change in fertility preferences and outcomes. In this paper we review these researches which have primarily focussed upon higher fertility settings. The impact of mass media presentation of families and children in low fertility settings has not yet been subject to rigorous sociological investigation so its impact can not be accurately inferred. However, given the pervasive nature of mass media and celebrity culture, we suggest that this is an important avenue for future research. We conclude that television plays a multi-faceted role in shaping individuals decision-making procedures concerning both demographic events and public health interactions. To illustrate this, we present a model which demonstrates a sliding scale of intent - but not impact - of various genres in order to understand the actual role of the media in shaping attitudes towards family size - either explicitly in terms of edutainment or implicitly as a forms of normalization. .
This text offers an introduction to communication theory that is appropriate to our post-broadcast, interactive, media environment. The author contrasts the 'first media age' of broadcast with the 'second media age' of interactivity.
Regulation, awareness, empowerment : young people and harmful media content in the digital age
Introduction to media and politics
Old new media : from oral to virtual environments
Media system of Finland
Audience transformations : shifting audience positions in late modernity
'Rethinking the Media Audience' is an investigation of whether existing models of media reception and audience ethnography can account for contemporary participation and ubiquitous engagement in media culture.
In this state-of-the-art assessment of media policy in the information age, members of the Euromedia Research Group examine the ways in which national and supranational policy is reacting to profound changes in the European media landscape.
The use of video in foreign language teaching : a study of teachers' practices and attitudes
The new media handbook
Facebook Application Development
Terrorism and religion : brazilian media’s image of religion inspired terrorism
Dialogue instead of a monologue : advertisers' expectations towards the media
Television and Terror ; Conflicting Times and the Crisis of News Discourse
Corporate Reputation and the News Media in Finland
The dynamics of mass communication
Challenging beliefs and assumptions about the relationship between media and violence, Potter provides an in depth review of how governments, journalists and researchers are part of the problem and raises important questions that place the reader at the heart of the conflict.
In this provocative book Terhi Rantanen challenges conventional ways of thinking about globalization and shows how it cannot be understood without studying the role of the media. Rantanen begins with an accessible overview of globalization and the pivotal role of the media.
Social Representations of Violence Against Women in Algeria
Discourses of integration : immigrants' perceptions of cross-cultural adaptation in letters to the editor
World communications : press, radio, television, film
Media Today uses convergence as a lens that puts students at the center of the profound changes in the 21st century media world. Through the convergence lens they learn to think critically about the role of media today and what these changes mean for their lives presently and in the future. The book’s media systems approach helps students to look carefully at how media is created, distributed, and exhibited in the new world that the digital revolution has created. In this way, Media Today goes beyond the traditional mass communication textbook’s focus on consuming media, to give students an insider’s perspective on how media businesses operate. Joseph Turow—who has been teaching Intro to Mass Communication for well over a decade—demonstrates the many ways that media convergence and the pervasiveness of the Internet have blurred distinctions between and among various media. From newspapers to video games or social networking to mobile platforms, Media Today prepares students to live in the digital world of media.
Written as a manifesto, Why Study the Media? argues for the importance of the media in culture and society, and the consequent necessity of taking the media seriously as an object of enlightened but rigorous investigation.
Internet simplified
Real-time sentiment analysis of Twitter public stream
Evaluating the Impact of Social Media on Traditional Marketing
Audience analysis
Media, monarchy and power
Human Trafficking and Tourism   : Case: Thailand in the Media
Twitter marketing : an hour a day
Digital Marketing of Ninjamails
Developing a social media communication plan: case: the Quicker Steps project
The challenge of democracy : to achieve a global plus-sum game
Mass media in a changing world : history, industry, controversy
Asian media studies : politics of subjectivities
Mass media bibliography : an annotated guide to books and journals for research and reference
This collection critically examines twenty-first century representations of ageing, focusing on images/imagery/discourses found in various media as well as individuals' own experiences and self-presentations of ageing and identity, drawing on new innovative, qualitative empirical data. The contributors represent a range of disciplinary areas but all are concerned with how ageing is currently understood, experienced, represented and talked about. The contexts in which these issues are debated include advertising, women's and over fifties' magazines, beauty and hair care routines, art therapy, documenting family relations, positive ageing campaign and biographical photography. Many topical issues are examined, such as the discursive construction of age identities, positive ageing, anti-ageing, ageism, age relations and the body. This book will be of interest to students and researchers in cultural and social gerontology, discourse and identity and lifespan communication, as well as those working in marketing and with older people either directly or indirectly. -- Publisher description.
Media ownership : the economics and politics of convergence and concentration in the UK and European media
This book explains how designing, playing and modifying computer games, and understanding the theory behind them, can strengthen the area of digital humanities. This book aims to help digital humanities scholars understand both the issues and also advantages of game design, as well as encouraging them to extend the field of computer game studies, particularly in their teaching and research in the field of virtual heritage. By looking at re-occurring issues in the design, playtesting and interface of serious games and game-based learning for cultural heritage and interactive history, this book highlights the importance of visualisation and self-learning in game studies and how this can intersect with digital humanities. It also asks whether such theoretical concepts can be applied to practical learning situations. It will be of particular interest to those who wish to investigate how games and virtual environments can be used in teaching and research to critique issues and topics in the humanities, particularly in virtual heritage and interactive history.
Combining a comprehensive literature review with original empirical research on young people's use of new media, this text provides an in-depth discussion of the increasingly complex relationship between the media and childhood.
Matters of Opinion offers an interesting insight into 'public opinion' as reported in the media, asking where these opinions actually come from, and how they have their effects. Drawing on the analysis of conversations from focus groups, phone-ins and broadcast interviews with members of the public, Greg Myers argues that we must go back to these encounters, asking questions such as what members of the public thought they were being asked, who they were talking as, and whom they were talking to. He reveals that people don't carry a store of opinions, ready to tell strangers; they use opinions in order to get along with other people, and how they say things is as important as what they say. Engaging and informative, this book illuminates debates on research methods, the public sphere and deliberative democracy, on broadcast talk, and on what it means to participate in public life.
Youth media
The PR practitioner's desktop guide
Studying the media : an introduction
Radiocontrast agents
Handbook on the economics of the media
Social media news patterns : An international overview of frequently used social media news patterns
The Baltic media world
This title presents a comprehensive & detailed perspective on the current state of the Indian media industry. Using case studies from companies such as BCCL and Future Media, Vanita Kohli presents a strong guide to the confusing terrain of the Indian media business.
"I ate an apple today" : suitability of Facebook posts and reactions to norm violations
Understanding Fast Diffusion of Information in the Social Media Environment. A Comparison of Two Cases.
Recent advances in salient object detection : towards object recognition in Big Media Data
Inspiring elite action for a more just society? : media framing of elite social responsibility in an unequal, unconsolidated democracy : a case study from Namibia
The utilization of the  renewed marketing communications concept in electronic media
A dictionary of media and communication
T-shirts with Brains, or is NLP magic?
Representing 'race' : racisms, ethnicities and media
Creative blogging : your first steps to a succesful blog
Social media is ubiquitous. From Facebook and Twitter to YouTube, the blogosphere, and Massively Multi-Player Online Role-Playing Games, people have plugged into numerous online venues for social, intellectual, and leisure activities. The pervasiveness of social media calls for ethical reflection, and one of the most pertinent values at stake is that of truth. Current figures estimate there are more than 1 billion social media users worldwide with the ability to connect with people who share similar interests, to present themselves as experts on anything and everything no matter their qualifications, and to contribute the types of factual information formerly limited to professional communication outlets such as news agencies. It's this wide-ranging definition of truth that demands evaluation of the myriad ways social media affect society. This volume attempts to do just that by collecting insights from leading experts in the communication and philosophy disciplines as they examine a variety of issues related to the value of truth in the realm of social media.
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Why study the media?
Representing ageing : images and identities
Media and health
Central and Eastern European media in comparative perspective : politics, economy and culture
Media and violence : gendering the debates
Facebook For Dummies
The 11 myths of media violence
A firm's activity in social media and its relationship with corporate reputation, firm size and firm performance
Living with the media : analysing talk about information and communication technology
Humanitarian issues on Facebook
Securing social media in the enterprise
Media perceptions and portrayals of pastoralists in Kenya, India and China
Sports and identity : case study Czech Republic and ice hockey
New dimensions of contrast media : proceedings of the Second International Symposium on Contrast Media, Osaka, Japan, November 9-10, 1990
What happens next? : contemporary urban legends and popular culture
Digital media, youth, and credibility
This book takes a fresh look at a widely debated question in international relations and political communication research: How can public discourses contribute to democratic governance beyond the nation state? The book combines quantitative and qualitative analyses of media content and evaluates them from a democratic theory perspective.
Paying equal attention to the production, content and reception involved in any representation of violence, this book offers a framework for understanding how violence is represented and consumed. The discussions are illustrated with topical and well-known examples.
The application of digital marketing strategies to increase profits of the organization
Evaluating the Impact of Social Media on Relationship Marketing
Offers a comprehensive overview of the field of media studies at the start of the 21st century. This text examines five distinct areas including basic approaches, methods of media research perspectives on media in society, the media mosaic, & the audience.
Incorporating social media, digital learning tools and CLIL in language room
Share This is a practical handbook to the biggest changes taking place in the media and its professions by the Chartered Institute of Public Relations (CIPR) Social Media Panel. The book was conceived and written by more than 20 public relations practitioners representing a cross-section of public, private and voluntary sector expertise using many of the social tools and techniques that it addresses. The book is split into 26 chapters over eight topic areas covering the media and public relations industry, planning, social networks, online media relations, monitoring and measurement, skills, industry change and the future of the industry. It's a pragmatic guide for anyone that works in public relations and wants to continue working in the industry.
Media research techniques
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Suitable for English and media teachers and curriculum leaders in secondary schools, this title features case studies which show how digital media work can draw on children's own cultural knowledge. It also shows the benefits of such projects in terms of learning outcomes and increased self-esteem for a range of learners.
This case study describes how an initially pragmatic paradigm led to a research process in which two different research methods were combined to analyze a new kind of data source, the social media, to study the perceptions and sentiments people had of a national semi-governmental organization. The case shows that social media can be a relevant data source that can lead to valid research results, if research methods are carefully considered both epistemologically and practically.
Young people and new media : childhood and the changing media environment
Mediactive
Narrating media history
Media literacy : keys to interpreting media messages
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
Global war - local views : media images of the Iraq war
The loving heart of a mother or a greedy politician? : media representations of female presidents in Liberia and Malawi
Social PR Secrets : how to optimize, socialize, and publicize your brand's news
Critical gaming : interactice history and virtual heritage
The SAGE handbook of media studies
With new chapters on experimentation, historical research comparative research and participant observation, this second edition of Media Research Techniques will enable beginners to plan and implement research in communications studies.
Media literacy : a reader
"Whether we like it or not, communication technologies -- ever smaller, more convergent, and comprehensive -- are tightly woven into the cultural fabric of our everyday lives. How did we get here? And what exactly does it mean to be 'literate' in this new media era? Media Literacies: A Critical Introduction traces the history of media literacy and grapples with the fresh challenges posed by the convergent media of the 21st century. The book explores the history and emergence of media education, contemporary youth and its digitally mediated lives, digital literacy, and critical citizenship. Sidebar commentary written by leading media researchers and educators spotlights specific issues and media phenomena. Media Literacies provides students and educators alike with an invaluable theoretical and practical approach to understanding media literacy in the remarkable digital age we find ourselves in"--
Crime, terrorism or nightmare : news representations of the 2011 Norway attacks
"Would I run the pub if I won the Lottery? No." : a study on how ordinary people are constructed and described in British supplement magazines
The electronic media : an introduction to the profession
The first freedom
Contrast media in practice
Communicating unreality : modern media and the reconstruction of reality
Social media in public diplomacy : survey on the social media communication of the Finnish missions abroad
Media relations after the introduction of social media
The media in Europe : the Euromedia handbook : Central and Eastern European
'The Media and Cultural Production' is a fresh and accessible introduction to the relationship between media power and cultural production.
This study reviews the images and meanings which play a vital role in our mass-mediated world. The author demonstrates that there is often a large gap between reality and the reconstruction of realities as communicated by the mass media.
Identity anecdotes : translation and media culture
Transparency in politics and the media : accountability and open government
Undestanding TED as Alternative Media
Social media and the value of truth
The current state of hate speech policy in the U.S. : an empirical study of media as an informal actor in hate speech regulation policy
Pedagogies of media and information literacies
Transnationalization of Public Spheres
Fans, bloggers, and gamers : exploring participatory culture
"Media Literacies: A Critical Introduction traces the history of media literacy and grapples with the fresh challenges posed by the convergent media of the 21st century. The book provides a much-needed guide to what it means to be literate in today's media-saturated environment. Updates traditional models of media literacy by examining how digital media is utilized in today's convergent culture Explores the history and emergence of media education, the digitally mediated lives of today's youth, digital literacy, and critical citizenship Complete with sidebar commentary written by leading media researchers and educators spotlighting new research in the field and an annotated bibliography of key texts and resources "--
Utilization of social media in marketing : case A-Print
Social software engineering : development and collaboratorion with social networking
Mapping media and communication research : Belgium
The media of mass communication
Teachers’ Motivation to Participate in Online Communities – Case: Massidea.org
Modal ontology of television : how to create social objects
Media policy : convergence, concentration, and commerce
Computers are developing into a powerful medium integrating film, pictures, text and sound, and the use of computers for communication and information is rapidly expanding. The Computer as Medium brings insights from art, literature and theatre to bear on computers and discusses the communicative and organizational nature of computer networks within a historical perspective. The book consists of three parts. The first part characterizes the semiotic nature of computers and discusses semiotic approaches to programming and interface design. The second part discusses narrative and aesthetic issues of interactive fiction, information systems and hypertext. The final part contains papers on the cultural, organizational and historical impact of computers.The broad and rich coverage of this book will appeal to scholars in cognitive science, computer science, linguistics, semiotics, media studies and mass communications, cultural studies and education.
O. J. Simpson Facts and Fictions : News Rituals in the Construction of Reality
Citizen marketers : when people are the message
The Indian media business
Climbing for equality: overcoming social inequality through sport : a narrative inquiry into the sport lives of five visually disabled climbers in Mexico City
Media and the Path to Peace
Media literacy
JMM - the international journal of media management
Media literacies : a critical introduction
A landmark for mass media in Russia
Seale demonstrates how health messages in popular mass media are important influences in our lives, and that they are not neutral, being subject to many determining influences.
European culture and the media : changing media, changing Europe
Media communication : an introduction to theory and process
The media law dictionary
In 'Media Economics' the authors discuss the marketplace realities of the media industry, including the process of convergence & consolidation that has been a hallmark for some time. The text is concept driven, to offer a lasting utility as technologies, structures & revenues change.
Fog of Falsehood: Russian Strategy of Deception and the Conflict in Ukraine
Rethinking the media audience : the new agenda
Understanding ethnic media : producers, consumers, and societies
Social Media in the Enterprise : Modern tool for the new product development process
Adoption of Twitter in Finland: the young Finnish speakers
Body image : understanding body dissatisfaction in men, women, and children
Media and ethnic minorities
"Media are your windows to the world" : teachers' perspectives on the use of media and ICT in foreign language teaching
