http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24510 work songs
work songs
"Rook starving" : plotless narratives in children ́s worksongs in England
Negro folk-songs : The Hampton series, books I-IV, complete
Songs of struggle & protest : 1930-1950
Socialist songs
The penguin book of American folk songs
Hard hitting songs for hard-hit people
Joe Hills sånger : The complete Joe Hill song book
Unearthing gender : folksongs of North India
Southern journey. Volume 1, Voices from the American South : Blues, ballads, hymns, reels, shouts, chanteys and work songs
Shantymen and shantyboys : songs of the sailor and lumberman
The easy folksong fake book : Over 120 songs in the key of "C" : Melody, lyrics and simplified chords
Southern journey. Volume 8, Velvet voices : Eastern shores choirs, quartets, and colonial era music
Prison songs : historical recordings from Parchman Farm 1947-48. Volume one, Murderous home
The English occupational song
Don't mourn - organize! : Songs of labor songwriter Joe Hill
Southern journey. Volume 8 : Velvet voices
Shanties from the Seven Seas : Shipboard work-songs and songs used as work-songs from the great days of sail
Peace songs : WMA Anniversary collection
Rethinking the sacred : proceedings of the Ninth SIEF Conference in Derry 2008
American negro songs : 230 folk songs and spirituals, regious and secular
Jamaican music
Strike the bell : transport by road, canal rail and sea in the nineteenth century through songs, ballads and contemporary accounts
Shanties & songs of the sea
Railroad songs and ballads
Blues masters : the essential blues collection. Volume 10, Blues roots
The folk songs of North America : in the English language
Songs that changed the world
A Touch on the Times : Songs of social change 1770-1914
Dance music and working songs from Jamaica
The Brecht-Eisler songbook
Songs for political action : Folkmusic, topical songs and the American left 1926-1953
Blues masters. Volume 10 : Blues roots / compiled by: Samuel Charters: the essential blues collection
Come all ye bold miners : ballads and songs of the coalfields
Prison songs : historical recordings from Parchman Farm 1947-48. Volume two, Dont'cha hear poor mother calling?
Socialist and labor songs : an international revolutionary songbook
Folk blues : 113 classic folk blues arranged for voice, piano guitar
Southern journey. Volume 1 : Voices from the American South
The easiest tune book of negro spirituals and American plantation songs : op.41
Songs of work and protest
The Alan Lomax collection : Sampler
Poverty knock : a picture of industrial life in the nineteenth-century through songs, ballads and contemporary accounts
Negro prison camp work songs
Freedom is a constant struggle
The International book of folk songs
Southern journey. Volume 13 : Earliest times
By land and by sea : studies in the folklore of work and leisure honoring Horace P. Beck on his sixty-fifth birthday
The Seven Seas shanty book : containing 42 sea shanties & songs
Prison songs. Volume 1 : Murderous home
Southern journey. Volume 5, Bad man ballads : Songs of outlaws and desperadoes
Carry it on : A history in song and picture of the working men and women of America
The long road to freedom : an anthology of black music
On my journey : Paul Robeson's independent recordings
The easy folksong fake book : over 120 songs in the key of "C" : melody, lyrics and simplified chords
My dusty road
Prison songs. Volume 2 : Don'tcha hear poor mother calling?
Guji Oromo culture in southern Ethiopia : religious capabilities in rituals and songs
FOSATU worker choirs
The Rise of communism
Songs that made history around the world
The painful plough : a portrait of the agricultural labourer in the nineteenth century from folk songs and ballads and contemporary accounts
Songs of Bertolt Brecht and Hanns Eisler : forty-two songs in German and English : wiht piano arrangements and guitar chords
The English folksinger : 159 modern and traditional folksongs
The Penguin book of American folk songs
Murderers' home : an anthology of Negro worksongs
Carry it on! : a history in song and picture of the working men and women of America
Southern journey. Volume 3, Highway Mississippi. Delta country blues, spirituals, work songs & dance music
Adirondack voices : woodsmen and woods lore
Only a miner : studies in recorded coal-mining songs
Many Thousand Miles Behind Us
Southern journey. Volume 3 : 61 Highway Mississippi
Jail house bound : John Lomax's first Southern prison recordings, 1933.
Rhythms of labour : music at work in Britain
The Original Talking Union & other Union Songs
Airs and graces : interpretation based on the musical record
