http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24552 parlours
parlours
Titanic : music from the motion picture : anniversary edition : collector's edition
Arabic literary salons in the Islamic Middle Ages : poetry, public performance, and the presentation of the past
Forgotten tune : entertainment melodies for violin  and piano : estradnye melodii dlja skripki i fortepiano = Zabytyi motiv
The Salon / Claude Phillips
The art of the salon : the triumph of 19th-century painting
The story of exhibitions / by Kenneth W. Luckhurst
Goodbye for now
The expanding world of art : 1874-1902 : 1 : universal expositions and state-sponsored fine arts exhibitions / selected and edited by Elizabeth Gilmore Holt
The world of the salons : sociability and worldliness in eighteenth-century Paris
Mel Bay presents the best of vintage dance : a treasure of waltzes, two steps, one steps, fox trots, tangos, ragtime novelties and grand marches
1880-erne i nordisk maleri : Statens Museum for Kunst, København, 22. marts - 19. maj 1986 / [arbejdsgruppe: Knut Berg, Bengt von Bonsdorff, Pontus Grate, Torsten Gunnarsson, Sixten Ringbom, Lars Rostrup Böyesen, Tone Skedsmo, Hanne Westergaard ; katalogredaktion: Pontus Grate, Nils-Göran Hökby]
Titanic : music from the motion picture : anniversary edition
The Paris Salons of the mid-nineteenth century are famous today above all for the paintings that were rejected more than for those that were actually shown. The rejected works form today's canon of art history and are regarded as heralds of a modern age. This book looks to reassess the other side of the art history of the nineteenth century. Salon Painting has often been dismissed as overly academic or staid. Now art historian Norbert Wolf turns back the pages of history as he reintroduces readers to the artistry and excellence of the Salon Painting in Europe, Britain, Russia and the US. In an opulent new book, illustrated throughout with gorgeous reproductions, Wolf looks at Salon painting from a variety of perspectives, such as the rise of the bourgeoisie and Paris's position as Europe's cultural capitol. Wolf examines masterpieces by Cabanel, Manet, Bierstadt, The Pre-Raphaelites, and Sargent, demonstrating how classical subjects gave way to modern concerns.
A bibliography of salon criticism in Second Empire Paris / Christopher Parsons and Martha Ward
The best of vintage dance : a treasury of waltzes, two steps, one steps, fox trots, tangos, ragtime novelties and grand marches
In Montmartre : Picasso, Matisse and modernism in Paris 1900-1910
Kauneuden pauloissa : mestariteoksia Tretjakovin gallerian kokoelmista : [Taidemuseo Tennispalatsi] = Enchanting beauty : masterpieces from the collections of the State Tretyakov Gallery : [Art Museum Tennis Palace] = Förtrollad av skönhet : mästerverk ur / [luettelon toimitus = editorial work = katalogredaktion: Mikko Oranen ... et al.]
The modern schools of painting and sculpture : as illustrated by the "grands prix" at the Paris exhibition : Holland, Germany and Scandinavia / by Claude Phillips
Puttin' on the Ritz
The illustrated Victorian songbook
British literary salons of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries
Mysterious March = Marche mysterieuse
The Salons : 2 / by Claude Phillips
Down Peacock Alley
Publishing women : salons, the presses, and the Counter-Reformation in sixteenth-century Italy
The end of the Salon : art and state in the early Third Republic / Patricia Mainardi
Salon to biennial : exhibitions that made art history : volume 1 : 1863-1959 / edited by Phaidon Editors and Bruce Altshuler ; introductory essay and chapter introductions by Bruce Altshuler
Grand Hotel : 8 exquisite pieces for Palm Court Piano Trio. Book 2
The age of conversation
Chronology : highlights of Finnish and European art and cultural history from 1890-1920 / Timo Huusko, Rainer Knapas, Riitta Ojanperä
Art in Paris 1845 - 1862 : salons and other exhibitions / reviewed by Charles Baudelaire
Art at the Paris Salons 1897. Extra number of "The Studio"
Conservative tradition in pre-revolutionary France : Parisian salon women
French salons : high society and political sociability from the Old Regime to the Revolution of 1848
The mirror of art : critical studies / by Charles Baudelaire ; translated and edited with notes and illustrations by Jonathan Mayne
The Paris Salon 1880
Blowing her own trumpet : European Ladies' Orchestras & other women musicians 1870-1950 in Sweden
The two salons / by Walter Armstrong
Grand hotel : 10 exquisite pieces for Palm Court Piano Trio / selected and arranged by Keith Stent
Brings to life women's cultural and intellectual leadership in early modern Italy, illuminating the significance of their sudden dominance. Focusing on the collective publication process, this work portrays communities in Italy, where women engaged in activities that ranged from establishing literary salons to promoting religious reform.
