http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24514 health communication
health communication
Tailoring of health information
The Nyau masquerade : an examination of HIV/AIDS, power and influence in Malawi
Routledge handbook of applied communication research
20th century advertising
Re-imagining therapy : living conversations and relational knowing
Ethical Issues on eHealth
"How do we know if a treatment works, or if something causes cancer? Can the claims of homeopaths ever be as true ? or as interesting as the improbable research into the placebo effect? Who created the MMR hoax? Do journalists understand science? Why do we seek scientific explanations for social, personal and political problems? Are alternative therapists and the pharmaceutical companies really so different, or do they just use the same old tricks to sell different types of pill? We are obsessed with our health. And yet ? from the media?s ?world-expert microbiologist? with a mail-order PhD in his garden shed laboratory, via multiple health scares and miracle cures, to the million pound trial that Durham Council now denies ever existed ? we are constantly bombarded with inaccurate, contradictory and sometimes even misleading information. Until now. Ben Goldacre masterfully dismantles the dodgy science behind some of the great drug trials, court cases and missed opportunities of our time, but he also goes further: out of the bulls---, he shows us the fascinating story of how we know what we know, and gives us the tools to uncover bad science for ourselves." - product description.
The social construction of SARS : studies of a health communication crisis
Big pocket guide to using social marketing for behaviour change
"This book presents an international snapshot of communication in healthcare settings and examines how policies, procedures and technological developments influence day to day practice.Brings together a series of papers describing features of healthcare interaction in settings in Australasia, the U.S.A, continental Europe and the UKContains original research data from previously under-studied settings including professions allied to medicine, telephone-mediated interactions and secondary careContributors draw on the established conversation analytic literature on healthcare interaction and broaden its scope by applying it to professionals other than doctors in primary careExamines how issues relating to policy, procedure or technology are negotiated and managed throughout daily healthcare practice"--Provided by publisher.
Communicating health : [a culture-centered approach]
Health communication in the 21st century
Rehabilitation of movement : theoretical basis of clinical practice
Abstract.
Training course of East African journalists on primary health care. Phase 2, Training in WHO, Geneva, and University of Tampere, September-October 1986, part 2, theses
A professor of medicine reveals how technology like wireless internet, individual data, and personal genomics can be used to save lives.
Health communication : theory, method, and application / edited by Nancy Grant Harrington
Discourse, identities and roles in specialized communication
"This book is about communicating for health and social change. With a clear focus on public health and health promotion practice, it provides a unique introduction to media and cultural studies perspectives on health communication. Health Communication explores the dynamic world of contemporary mass media and diverse forms of alternative, mobile and social media: How are communities using media to communicate about health and advocate for social change? What are the challenges and opportunities involved with using the media for health communication? How can health promotion practitioners utilise media to create opportunities for more participatory and empowering approaches to health communication? This indispensable guide to health communication provides readers with detailed and practical insights to the role of media and culture in contemporary health issues. Accessible theory is blended with case studies from around the world giving students, academics, and practitioners an invaluable framework for practice and a rich source of material for discussion"--Provided by publisher.
Mediating mental health : contexts, debates and analysis
Communicating health for all in Africa : report on the Training course of African communicators on primary health care
eHealth services and technology : challenges for co-development
Health promotion creates conditions that promote rather than damage health by bringing about changes in policy on a local, national and international level. This book outlines clearly the function and position of health promotion.
To support the employment of a rehabilitee
Corpora and discourse studies : integrating discourse and corpora
The Routledge Handbook of Applied Communication Research provides a state-of-the-art review of communication scholarship that addresses real-world concerns, issues, and problems. This comprehensive examination of applied communication research - including its foundations, research methods employed, significant issues confronted, important contexts in which such research has been conducted, and overviews of some exemplary programs of applied communication research shows how such research has and can make a difference in the world and in people's lives. Unique to this volume are chapters presenting exemplary programs of applied communication research that demonstrate the principles and practices of such scholarship, written by the scholars who conducted the programs.
An integrated approach to communication theory and research
Sustainability, participation & culture in communication : theory and praxis
Talk in interaction : comparative dimensions
Feminist development communication : empowering women in the information era
Research methods in health communication : principles and application
The success of communication in the adventures of Joe Fin campaign : self-evaluated effects on health behaviour
Organizations, communication, and health
Effective communication : a guide for the people professions
The handbook of communication ethics
Emotional interplay and communication with patients diagnosed with schizophrenia
Health communication : from theory to practice
Working on health communication
Risk communication and health psychology
Communication in everyday life
Change Management in Public Healthcare and It's Logistic Services : a case study of the Hospital District of Southwest Finland
Health promotion : effectiveness, efficiency and equity
The illusion of certainty : health benefits and risks
This book explores topics such as community mobilization, information technologies, gender and social norms, mass media, interpersonal communication, and integrated communication. It draws on contemporary theories of communication, as well as real-world examples. It showcases the increasing richness and versatility of communication research and practice. It puts forth a vision of communication, sustainability and development and social change that synthesizes current perspectives in both research and practice in the field. At a time when sustainability is one everyone's lips, this volume is one of the first to offer an overview of sustainability and communication issues - including community mobilization, information technologies, gender and social norms, mass media, interpersonal communication, and integrated communication approaches - from a development and social change perspective. Drawing on contemporary theories of communication as well as real-world examples from development projects around the world, the contributors showcase the increasing richness and versatility of communication research and practice. Together, they make a case for adopting a more comprehensive perspective on communication in the areas of development and social change.
Television and Fertility
The most important needs to start the use of ICT in the health promotion and care in Zambia
Systematic literature review to examine the evidence for the effectiveness of interventions that use theories and models of behaviour change : towards the prevention and control of communicable diseases : insights into health communication
Much research has been conducted in the field of utilising the media - television and radio in particular - to promote particular public health messages. However, a burgeoning canon has examined how mass media can play a role in affecting change in fertility preferences and outcomes. In this paper we review these researches which have primarily focussed upon higher fertility settings. The impact of mass media presentation of families and children in low fertility settings has not yet been subject to rigorous sociological investigation so its impact can not be accurately inferred. However, given the pervasive nature of mass media and celebrity culture, we suggest that this is an important avenue for future research. We conclude that television plays a multi-faceted role in shaping individuals decision-making procedures concerning both demographic events and public health interactions. To illustrate this, we present a model which demonstrates a sliding scale of intent - but not impact - of various genres in order to understand the actual role of the media in shaping attitudes towards family size - either explicitly in terms of edutainment or implicitly as a forms of normalization. .
Risk, media and stigma : understanding public challenges to modern science and technology
ArctiChildren InNet : empowering school eHealth model in the Barents Region
Health education by television and radio : contributions to an international conference with a selected bibliography
Emotions in social life : critical themes and contemporary issues
The communication panacea : pediatrics and general semantics
Medical discourse in professional, academic and popular settings
This study is about change management in public health care and its logistic services. It concentrates on human behaviour, actions and feelings in the change process and presents how the cooperation was implemented in the hospital and health care centre point of view. The focus of the study is in communication and how health care centres and hospitals prejudices met the actual implementation.  This study uses two kinds of methods in data collection; Qualitative data collection and the Action Research method. These methods were chosen because the data collection is analysing human behaviour, actions, and feelings rather than analyzing numerical data. The analyze requires deeper interpretation of answers and there must be space for changes during the data collection as well.  The results showed that there were a lot of unclarity and uncertainty with the issues that the change might bring along. The biggest issues turned out to be economic efficiency, realiability of deliveries and communication. The respondents expected to have mutual information flows, cost follow-ups and functional operations. The participants felt that these expectations were not met in the level they seeked and expected to.  The unclarity and uncertainty of the change caused negative attitude which then caused unpreparedness in the change. The unpreparedness led to weaker performance of work which added more pressure on health care centres and hospitals. The pressure was then on the Logistic Centre employees. The pressure affected on personal relationships negatively and weakenend the team work between health care centres, hospitals and the Logistic Centre and this caused tense atmosphere. All the negativity might have caused more fears about the change; are employees in health care centres and hospitals able to meet the required quality of their work.
The creative destruction of medicine : how the digital revolution will create better health care
Educating the deaf : psychology, principles, and practices
Bad science
The wellness workbook : how to achieve enduring health and vitality
A literature review on health information-seeking behaviour on the web : a health consumer and health professional perspective : insights in to health communication
Evaluating health promotion programs
Communicating health : strategies for health promotion
"This volume explores current use of interactive communication (or eHealth) applications to promote behavior change. It focuses on the use of these technology-based interventions for public health promotion and disease prevention, takinga population-based approach. The chapters included herein provide overviews of key interactive health communication applications; present research examining a variety of technology-based applications, including computer, Internet, and mobile; and offer observations and reflections on this growing area, including dissemination of programs and future directions for the study of interactive health communication.Providing a timely and comprehensive review of current tools for health communication, eHealth Applications is a must-read for scholars, students, and researchers in health communication, public health, and health education"--Provided by publisher.
Strategies for developing global health programs
The process of cultural competence in the delivery of healthcare services : the journey continues
Doctoring the media : the reporting of health and medicine
"Mobile technology has transformed our lives, and personal genomics is revolutionizing biology. But despite the availability of technologies that can provide wireless, personalized health care at lower cost, the medical community has resisted change. In The Creative Destruction of Medicine, Eric Topol - one of the nation's top physicians - calls for consumer activism to demand innovation and the democratization of medical care. The Creative Destruction of Medicine is the definitive account of the coming disruption of medicine, written by the field's leading voice." -- (Back Cover)
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
Handbook of patient-provider interactions : raising and responding to concerns about life, illness, and disease
The success of communication in the Adventures of Joe Fin campaign : self-evaluated effects on health behaviour
Communication in healthcare
Food and culture
Tailoring health messages : customizing communication with computer technology
Promoting healthy lifestyles with personalized, APOE genotype based health information : the effects of psychological-, health behavioral and clinical factors
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Midwives, families and everyday health information and ICT interactions : exploration of identities and networks
Training course of East African journalists on primary health care. Phase 1, National workshops in Kenya, Tanzania, and Ethiopia April 1986.
Health and the media : essays on the effect of mass communication
Communication in healthcare settings : policy, participation, and new technologies
Communication and health = systems and applications
'Race', communication and the caring professions
Patient education and counseling
The Internet and health communication : experiences and expectations
Media and health
Configuring health consumers : health work and the imperative of personal responsibility
"The contributors discuss ideas and methodologies across a range of topics, including multifaceted health communication, media coverage of maternal health, the rhetoric of diagnosis in autoimmune illness, media representation of the sick in data-driven healthcare, and health news coverage in print media"--Provided by publisher.
Reporting on risks : the practice and ethics of health and safety communication
eHealth applications : promising strategies for behavior change
Representing health : discourses of health and illness in the media
Health communication : a media and cultural studies approach
Health promotion : disciplines, diversity, and developments
Crisis communication and the public health
Distinctive qualities in communication research
Nutrition health project using an ICT-based learning environment : participatory action research in Eastern Finland
The role of a magazine as an advertising medium : case: Työ, terveys, turvallisuus magazine
Tailoring health communication:the perspective of information users' health information behaviour in relation to their physical health status
Health communication message design : theory and practice
Rethinking health promotion : a global approach
Advice online : advice-giving in an American Internet health column
Emerging perspectives in health communication : meaning, culture, and power
Tailoring health communication : the perspective of information users' health information behaviour in relation to their physical health status
Health information matters : everyday health information literacy and behaviour in relation to health behaviour and physical health among young men
Health information seeking
Main trends in mHealth use scenarios
New adventures in language and interaction
The social amplification of risk
The growing availability of large collections of language texts has expanded our horizons for language analysis, enabling the swift analysis of millions of words of data, aided by computational methods. This edited collection contains examples of such contemporary research which uses corpus linguistics to carry out discourse analysis. The book takes an inclusive view of the meaning of discourse, covering different text-types or modes of language, including discourse as both social practice and as ideology or representation. Authors examine a range of spoken, written, multimodal and electronic corpora covering themes which include health, academic writing, social class, ethnicity, gender, television narrative, news, Early Modern English and political speech. The chapters showcase the variety of qualitative and quantitative tools and methods that this new generation of discourse analysts are combining together, offering a set of compelling models for future corpus-based research in discourse.
Patient and provider interaction : a global health communication perspective
The Routledge handbook of health communication
Vaccinations and public concern in history : legend, rumor, and risk perception
Health communication
"Exploring Health Communication from Multiple Perspectives provides coverage of the major current areas of interest (e.g., interpersonal, organizational, media). It takes an in-depth approach to health communication research by analyzing and critically evaluating research conducted across multiple paradigmatic perspectives. In addition, it offers features important to undergraduate texts, such as sidebars, summary boxes, suggestions for in-class activities, discussion questions, and lists of additional resources. This edited textbook includes a range of chapters covering interpersonal health communication issues, challenges and complexities in health communication, communication aspects of health behaviors and conditions, organizational issues in health communication, and media and eHealth research. This text is designed to be used in upper level health communication courses, and it may be of interest to master's level courses as well. Other social science disciplines such as health education and public health may also find the book to be of interest."
Package communication of functional foods
Organizations, Communication, and Health focuses on theories and constructs of organizational communication and their relationship to health. The goal of the volume is to offer a current picture of organizational and organizing processes and practices related to health. Research in the area of health communication has expanded in recent years, and this research has advanced understandings of campaigns, patient/provider interactions, and social support. However, a gap in the area of health, organizations, and organizing processes emerged, a niche this volume fills. It does so by having chapters identify an organizational theory or organizing process and how aspects of that theory relate to health. Chapters discuss how to marry theory to practice and the other factors (e.g., organizational structure, role, occupation, industry, or environment) that need to be considered in the process of utilizing the theory in organizations.
Communicating health in Africa : research papers of the second Training Course of African Communicators
