http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24556 social identity
social identity
Tattoos and body modifications in antiquity : proceedings of the sessions at the EAA annual meetings in The Hague and Oslo, 2011/11
When identity becomes political : the Russophone population of Moldova in social media
Self-identification of personality in social environment
Communication accommodation between healthcare providers at a private hospital in England : how does identity talk?
Craft and social identity
Profile work for authenticity : self-presentation in social network services
Boundaries of belonging : highly skilled migrants and the migrant hierarchy in Finland
Ancient Rome as a Museum considers how cultural objects from the Roman Empire came to reflect, construct, and challenge Roman perceptions of power and identity. Rutledge argues that Roman cultural values are indicated in part by what sort of materials Romans deemed worthy of display and how they chose to display, view, and preserve them.
Constructing identity in interpersonal communication = Construction identitaire dans la communication interpersonelle = Identitätskonstruktion in der interpersonalen Kommunikation
Alone together : why we expect more from technology and less from each other
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
Social identification and group cohesiveness in a multicultural work group
Professional communicative repertoires and trajectories of socialization into global working life
Sibling identity and relationships : sisters and brothers
A dual inheritance : a novel
In real life : love, lies & identity in the digital age
White middle-class identities and urban schooling
The Cambridge handbook of social representations
Working Community and Teachers' Professional Identity in Dialogue
Dying to be English : suicide narratives and national identity, 1721 - 1814
Transnational Spaces in the Virtual World : Dominican Migrant Communities in the Social Media
"I am because you are" : relationality in the works of Siri Hustvedt
Postfeminist digital cultures : femininity, social media, and self-representation
Britishness, identity and citizenship : the view from abroad
The passage from youth to adulthood : narrative and cultural thresholds
Capoeira : health and social well-being
Gender and everyday life
How fantasy becomes reality : information and entertainment media in everyday life
Challenges how Americans think about terrorism, recruitment, and the homegrown threat. Security and public policy expert Erroll Southers examines post-9/11 homegrown violent extremism - what it is, the conditions enabling its existence, and approaches that can reduce the risk. The book contains essential information for communities, security practitioners, and policymakers on how violent extremists exploit vulnerabilities in their communities and offers approaches to put security theory into practice.
A vulgar art : a new approach to stand-up comedy
Digital identity and personality : a look at identity formation in light of social networking sites
Making men : the formation of elite male identities in England, C.1660-1900 : a sourcebook
Shanzhai products in everyday life : ethnographic fieldwork in China
Connecting self to society : belonging in a changing world
Why are we so insistent that women and men are different? This introduction to gender provides a fascinating and genuinely readable exploration of how society divides people into feminine women and masculine men. It explores gender as a way of seeing women and men as not just biological organisms, but as people shaped by their everyday social world. Examining how gender has been understood and lived in the past; how it is understood and done differently by different cultures and groups within cultures; Mary Holmes considers the strengths and limitations of different ways of thinking and learning to 'do' gender.Key sociological and feminist ideas about gender are covered from Christine Pisan to Mary Wollstonecraft: from symbolic interactionism to second wave feminism through to the work of Judith Butler. The book illustrates gender with a range of familiar and contemporary examples: everything from nineteenth century fashions in China and Britain, to discussions of what Barbie can tell us about gender in America, to the lives of working women in Japan. This book will be of great use and interest to students to gender studies, sociology and feminist theory.
Rethinking cultural marginality in the postmodern age : dialogical ambivalence of the multicultural self
Symbols of social identity - with examples from lumberjacks
Food as communication : communication as food
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
Culture and language : multidisciplinary case studies
Caught in the middle? : narrative identity construction of middle management in strategic change
United we stand - divided we fall : a standard model of unit cohesion
The emergence of a Greek identity (1700-1821)
Contemporary issues in the sociology of race and ethnicity : a critical reader
Underground sociabilities : identity, culture, and resistance in Rio de Janeiro's favelas
Social Identity, Intergroup Conflict, and Conflict Reduction
The politics of belonging in India : becoming Adivasi
Regardless of cultural or national specialities, the implications of higher education teaching are  a very special task. University organization is not just an ordinary learning environment. It is also  a research oriented scientific community, being responsible for global knowledge development and  education of high quality professionals, including teachers.  Training higher education teachers pedagogically will lead them to do a better job than untrained ones  might do. Pedagogical competence will add to a teacher's self-reliance. Since teaching is certainly one of  the most complex duties, the work community is expected to foster the developers of the field. How is a  teacher's self-constructed? Authentic collaboration and sharing experiences in teacher communities  would promote personal professional growth.  The affective domains and identity development of professionals should be nurtured. The social learning  theory offers a good framework. It is important to make models of practical implementations based on  theory.
The undivided past : history beyond our differences
Intersectionality : a foundations and frontiers reader
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
Rediscovering social identity : key readings
"The clash of cultures... and of generations" : immigrant identities in Zadie Smith's White teeth and Monica Ali's Brick lane
Preliminary materials for a theory of the young-girl
Contested voices : women immigrants in today's world
Sociology and human rights : a bill of rights for the twenty-first century
Material culture and social identities in the ancient world
Brand prominence on the luxury market : the impact of need for uniqueness and self-monitoring on the preferred level of conspicuousness
Navigating multiple identities : race, gender, culture, nationality, and roles
Practices of selfhood
Several names, several identities? : the orthography of Finnish country people's names from the 18th to the 20th centuries
The Politics of Popular Culture : Negotiating Power, Identity, and Place
Social identity
In this new edition of How Fantasy Becomes Reality, Karen E. Dill-Shackleford offers readers a greater understanding of what the current science of psychology tells us about life in our digital culture.
Consumer Culture, Modernity and Identity offers analysis of articulation of consumer culture and modernity in everyday lives of people in a transnational framework. It pursues three broad themes: lifestyle and construction of modern identity; fashion and identity; and subaltern concerns and moral subjectivities. It juxtaposes empirical studies with theoretical traditions in addressing questions such as: How do people imagine modernity and identity in consumer culture? What does modernity or 'being modern' mean to people in different societies? Are modernity and tradition antithetical to or develop an interface with each other? The chapters in the book trace manifestations and trajectories of consumer culture and modernity as they connect to develop a sense of renewed identity. --Publisher's description.
The sociology of architecture : constructing identities
Ask Elizabeth : real answers to everything you secretly wanted to ask about love, friends, your body-- and life in general
The psychology of the Internet
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
"No one has harder balls than you, Lieutenant." : Constructing the identity of Eve Dallas in J. D. Robb's In death series
Social psychology of musicianship
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
Routledge handbook of identity studies
Identity shift : where identity meets technology in the networked-community age
The presentation of self in everyday life
Critical and cultural theory : thematic variations
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Brings together the founding texts of the 'Social Identity Approach' - a set of concepts, ideas, and principles contained in Social Identity Theory and Self-Categorization Theory - that is originated in social psychology and part of the standard curriculum in communication and media studies, organizations and management, education, and politics.
Negotiating identity : symbolic interactionist approaches to social identity
Supervisor's fair treatment and decision making in an organizational context : a social identity analysis
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Click and Kin is an interdisciplinary examination of how our increasingly mobile and networked age is changing the experience of kinship and connection. Focusing on how identity formation is affected by quick media such as instant messaging, video chat, and social networks, the contributors to this collection use ethnographic and textual analyses, as well as autobiographical approaches, to demonstrate the ways in which the ability to communicate across national boundaries is transforming how we grow together and apart as families, communities, and nations.
Spaces of intercultural communication : an interdisciplinary introduction to communication, culture, and globalizing/localizing identities
Social movements and Bourdieu : class, embodiment and the politics of identity
The Psychology of personhood : philosophical, historical, social-developmental, and narrative perspectives
'Community' is one of social science's longest-standing concepts. The assumption, of much social science, has been that it is in communities -- and to communities -- that human individuals, as social and cultural beings, belong. Communities are said to embody that interactive environment from which individuals' identities and senses of self derive, and in which they continue to dwell. The trouble with 'community' is that this is not necessarily so; the personal social networks of individuals' actual experience crosscut collective categories, situations and institutions. Communities can prove unviable or imprisoning; the reality of community life and identity can often be very different from the ideology and the ideal. In this provocative new book, anthropologists Vered Amit and Nigel Rapport draw on their various ethnographic experiences to reappraise the concept and the reality of 'community', in the light of globalization, religious fundamentalism, identity politics, and renascent localisms. How might anthropology better apprehend social identities which are intrinsically plural, transgressive and ironic? What has anthropology to say about the way in which civil society might hope to accommodate the on-going construction and the rightful expression of such migrant identities? Nigel Rapport and Vered Amit give their own answers to these questions before entering into dialogue to assess each other's positions.
'Belonging' is often overlooked in its relationship to society and social change, and yet it forms the bedrock of how we relate to the world around us. Through the work of Marx, Giddens and Goffman, this book covers the familiar terrain of identity theory, while going beyond it to other sites of identification and social change.
Social identity and intergroup relations
Ethnic identities are affected by social changes which force identities, their meanings, and cultural markers connected to them to be adapted to new situations. Among the highland peoples of Southeast Asia in recent decades, the degree of change has been remarkable, encompassing both economic and political transformation, and increased impact and cultural influence from majority populations. As a result, in one of the smaller upland groups of southwestern China, northern Thailand, Laos and central Myanmar—the Akeu—symbols of ethnicity which are related to traditions and outer appearance are losing their significance, while certain selected traditions are still appreciated and are undergoing modification to fit them to new circumstances. Language remains an important marker of Akeu ethnicity. Akeu identity used to carry meanings of illiteracy, poverty, and low status and, as language remains an important marker of Akeu ethnicity, newly invented writing in the Akeu language has become an important means both to preserve oral traditions and to empower the meaning of Akeu identity. However, their developing appreciation of literacy furthers their integration into the nation state and Western-oriented urban cultures.
Social psychology
Always be yourself. Unless you can be a unicorn. Then always be a unicorn. : A snapshot of the weird and wonderful world of the Tumblr generation
Adolescents' self-discovery in groups
Costume : performing identities through dress
Women's managerial careers in the context of the United Arab Emirates
Understanding lifestyle sports : consumption, identity and difference
Digital identities : creating and communicating the online self
Focusing on the important relationship between the 'sacred' and the 'secular', this book demonstrates that it is not paradoxical to think in terms of both secular and sacred or neither, in different times and places. International experts from a range of disciplinary perspectives draw on local, national, and international contexts to provide a fresh analytical approach to understanding these two contested poles. Exploring such phenomena at an individual, institutional, or theoretical level, each chapter contributes to the central message of the book - that the 'in between' is real, embodied and experienced every day and informs, and is informed by, intersecting social identities.Social Identities between the Sacred and the Secular provides an essential resource for continued research into these concepts, challenging us to re-think where the boundaries of sacred and secular lie and what may lie between.
T&T Clark handbook to social identity in the New Testament
Doing intersectional identity work : social categories, inequalities, and silences
Midwives, families and everyday health information and ICT interactions : exploration of identities and networks
Women, Islam, and identity : public life in private spaces in Uzbekistan
Communication as... : perspectives on theory
Click and kin : transnational identity and quick media
"Enlightenment assumptions regarding the gendering of suicide still persist in coroners' investigations, statistical analyses and the media's coverage of high-profile deaths. This study examines the presentation of suicide within the genre of the eighteenth-century novel as both a feminine action and a declaration of national identity. A perceived rise in suicide rates in the eighteenth-century led to the topic's identification as an 'English Malady' and its treatment within the novel as a public, society-defining gesture. Using the novels of several key writers of the period, including Frances Burney, Eliza Haywood and Samuel Richardson, McGuire demonstrates that their work inscribes a nationalist imperative to frame suicide as self-sacrifice. By considering the eighteenth-century novel as a cultural document, she combines literary analysis with cultural history, creating an innovative and challenging picture of the relationship between suicide, gender and national identity"--Publisher
Social identity : knowing yourself, knowing others
The Japanese self in cultural logic
The identity of the constitutional subject : selfhood, citizenship, culture, and community
We Are All Here! : Multiple Groups on a Social Network Site
Communication students' motives for and attitudes towards personal branding
Social psychology and politics
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
Consumer culture, modernity and identity
Where is home?
Ancient Rome as a museum : power, identity, and the culture of collecting
'Between worlds' : deaf women, work, and intersections of gender and ability
The year of living Danishly : uncovering the secrets of the world's happiest country
"We live in an ever-changing social world, which constantly demands adjustment to our identities and actions. Advances in science, technology and medicine, political upheaval, and economic development are just some examples of social change that can impact upon how we live our lives, how we view ourselves and each other, and how we communicate. Three decades after its first appearance, identity process theory remains a vibrant and useful integrative framework in which identity, social action and social change can be collectively examined. This book presents some of the key developments in this area. In eighteen chapters by world-renowned social psychologists, the reader is introduced to the major social psychological debates about the construction and protection of identity in face of social change. Contributors address a wide range of contemporary topics - national identity, risk, prejudice, intractable conflict and ageing - which are examined from the perspective of identity process theory"--
The trouble with community : anthropological reflections on movement, identity and collectivity
Identity process theory : identity, social action and social change
Disability rights and wrongs
Performing identities : renegotiating socio-cultural identities in the post-socialist Eastern Europe
Situating selves : the communication of social identities in American scenes
Swedish-speaking Finns’ construction of work-related identities
An introduction to sosiolinguistics : society and identity
Bilingualism : a social approach
Life values in middle-age : psychometric structure and links to personality traits and mental well-being.
Online Identities: Creating and Communicating the Online Self presents a critical investigation of the ways in which representations of identities have shifted since the advent of digital communications technologies. Critical studies over the past century have pointed to the multifaceted nature of identity, with a number of different theories and approaches used to explain how everyday people have a sense of themselves, their behaviors, desires, and representations. In the era of interactive, digital, and networked media and communication, identity can be understood as even more complex, with digital users arguably playing a more extensive role in fashioning their own self-representations online, as well as making use of the capacity to co-create common and group narratives of identity through interactivity and the proliferation of audio-visual user-generated content online
What is a person? Surprisingly little attention is given to this question in psychology. For much of the past century, psychology has tended to focus on the systematic study of processes rather than on the persons who enact and embody them. In contrast to the reductionist picture of much mainstream theorising, which construes persons as their mental lives, behaviours or neurophysiological particulars, The Psychology of Personhood presents persons as irreducibly embodied and socially situated beings. Placing the study of persons at the centre of psychology, this book presents novel insights on the typical, everyday actions and experiences of persons in relation to each other and to the broader society and culture. Leading scholars from diverse academic disciplines paint an integrative portrait of the psychological person within evolutionary, historical, cultural, developmental and everyday contexts.
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
About me(n) : a study of UK-based heterosexual men's identity construction in online dating profiles
Dispossession describes the condition of those who have lost land, citizenship, property, and a broader belonging to the world. This thought-provoking book seeks to elaborate our understanding of dispossession outside of the conventional logic of possession, a hallmark of capitalism, liberalism, and humanism. Can dispossession simultaneously characterize political responses and opposition to the disenfranchisement associated with unjust dispossession of land, economic and political power, and basic conditions for living? In the context of neoliberal expropriation of labor and livelihood, dispossession opens up a performative condition of being both affected by injustice and prompted to act. From the uprisings in the Middle East and North Africa to the anti-neoliberal gatherings at Puerta del Sol, Syntagma and Zucchotti Park, an alternative political and affective economy of bodies in public is being formed. Bodies on the street are precarious - exposed to police force, they are also standing for, and opposing, their dispossession. These bodies insist upon their collective standing, organize themselves without and against hierarchy, and refuse to become disposable: they demand regard. This book interrogates the agonistic and open-ended corporeality and conviviality of the crowd as it assembles in cities to protest political and economic dispossession through a performative dispossession of the sovereign subject and its propriety.
Re-identification as a mean for promoting peace
Combining the insights of many leading New Testament scholars writing on the use of social identity theory this new reference work provides a comprehensive handbook to the construction of social identity in the New Testament. Part one examines key methodological issues and the ways in which scholars have viewed and studied social identity, including different theoretical approaches, and core areas or topics which may be used in the study of social identity, such as food, social memory, and ancient media culture. Part two presents worked examples and in-depth textual studies covering core passages from each of the New Testament books, as they relate to the construction of social identity. Adopting a case-study approach, in line with sociological methods the volume builds a picture of how identity was structured in the earliest Christ-movement. Contributors include; Philip Esler, Warren Carter, Paul Middleton, Rafael Rodriquez, and Robert Brawley.
Belonging : solidarity and division in modern societies
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Dispossession : the performative in the political : conversations with Athena Athanasiou
The psychology of diversity : beyond prejudice and racism
Social identities between the sacred and the secular
Homegrown violent extremism
Back in the West : changing lifestyles in transforming societies
Inside the world of interculturalists : exploring the co-constructions of professional identity in online discussions
The culturalization of caste in India : identity and inequality in a multicultural age
Constructing identity in interpersonal communication = Construction identitaire dans la communication interpersonnelle = Identitätskonstruktion in der interpersonalen Kommunikation
A recited community : figures of an identity foretold : narrating heritage and positioning boundaries among student partisan groups in plural Lebanon
Communities in cyberspace
