http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24500 bark
bark tree bark
A monograph of the immature stages of British and imported timber beetles (Cerambycidae)
Resin pockets in Norway spruce are not caused by the bark beetle Ips typographus : Kvaelommer i gran skyldes ikke angrep av granbarkbillen
Bark-cloth in Southeast Asia
Abstract.
Referat.
Reproduction and competition in the spruce bark beetle Ips typographus
Changes in bark beetle populations in a forest area in south Finland from 1953 to 1964
Beetle-pathogen interactions in conifer forests
Nitrogen availability in Norway spruce forest floor : the effect of forest defoliation induced by bark beetle infestation
Interactions between host trees and fungi associated with the spruce bark beetle (Ips typographus)
Assessment of insect occurrence in boreal forests based on satellite imagery and field measurements
Insects of Iran : the list of Coleoptera in the insect collection of Plant Pests & Diseases Research Institute. 24, Curculionoidea: Fam. 162, 166-171 : Anthribidae, Attelabidae, Brentidae, Apionidae, Curculionidae, Scolytidae, Platypodidae
Windthrown Scots pines as brood material for Tomicus piniperda and T. minor
Chemical ecology and phytochemistry of forest ecosystems
Olfactory recognition and behavioural avoidance of angiosperm non-host volatiles by conifer bark beetles
The pheromone systems of the spruce bark beetles, Ips duplicatus and I. typographus : biosynthesis and regulation
Host recognition in Tomicus piniperda (Coleoptera: Scolytidae) and other bark beetles attacking Scots pine
Practical information on the scolytid beetles of North American forests. 1, Barkbeetles of the genus dendroctonus
Forest pathology : from genes to landscapes
Forest insects and environmental variation in stand edges
Distribution and spread of bark beetles (Coleoptera: Scolytidae) around the Gulf of Finland : a comparative study with notes on rare species of Estonia, Finland and North-Western Russia
Influence of large snow depths on Black Woodpecker Dryocopus martius foraging behavior
Coleoptera : Scolytidae and Platypodidae
Potential forest pest beetles conveyed to Finland on timber imported from the Soviet Union
Effects of forest management on beetle diversity, with implications for species conservation and forest protection
Infestation of timber by beetles on a subarctic fell in northeastern Lapland in 1972
Quantitative biogeography of the bark beetles (Coleoptera, Scolytidae) in Northern Europe
Craft from natural materials
Migration in bark beetles : with special reference to the spruce bark beetle Ips typographus
Revision of the palearctic species of the genus Scolytus Geoffroy (Coleoptera, Scolytidae)
Integrated control of Scolytid bark beetles : proceedings of the IUFRO Working Party and XVII international congress of entomology symposium, "Integrated Control of Scolytid Bark Beetles" Vancouver, B.C., Canada, July 4, 1988.
Preliminary findings towards the use of lidar and digital aerial imagery as sampling tools to characterize volume killed by mountain pine beetle
Modeling the effects of a mountain pine beetle outbreak and potential management responses in Alberta's eastern slopes
Sconfinamenti : dalla buona pittura alla video-art : Museo Nazionale di Castel S. Angelo, Roma, 8 febbraio - 30 aprile 2008 = [Digressions : from the "beautiful painting" to the video-art : Museo Nazionale di Castel S. Angelo, Roma, 8th February - 20th Ap / a cura di = [curated by] Sergio Rossi
Mountain pine beetle survey in the Peace Region of British Columbia and adjacent areas in Alberta
Influence of temperature upon the development and voltinism of Ips typographus L. (Coleoptera, Scolytidae)
A monograph of the immature stages of neotropical timber beetles (Cerambycidae)
Catches of Ips duplicatus and other non-target Coleoptera by Ips typographus pheromone trapping
Intensification of hemicellulose hot-water extraction from spruce wood by parameter tuning
The distribution of bark beetles in the Nordic Countries
Den sjätte nordiska textiltriennalen : Nordiskt Konstcentrum = The sixth nordic textile triennial : Nordic Arts Center
Ophiostoma blue-staining fungi associated with Ips typographus in Finland
Bark beetles at forest edges : effects of cuttings on species' occurrence
Characterisation of wood properties for improved utilisation of Norway and Scots pine
Bark and wood boring insects in living trees in Europe : a synthesis
The Southern pine beetle
Effect of nitrogen fertilization and volatile oil content of pine logs on the primary orientation of Scolytids
Ryijy : Finnish textiles : Glasgow Arts Centre, 12.1. - 2.2.1991 / an exhibition organized by the Museum of Applied Arts, Helsinki
Effects of herbivory and climate change factors on BVOC emissions from boreal conifers
A survey of microorganisms from the spruce beetle in central British Columbia
Estimating risks for Spruce bark beetle (Ips typographus (L.)) damage using pheromone-baited traps and trees
Bark and ambrosia beetles of South America (Coleoptera, Scolytidae)
Empire of the beetle : how human folly and a tiny bug are killing North America's great forests
First record of Northern American ambrosia beetle Gnathotrichus materiarius (Fitch) (Coleoptera, Scolytidae) in Finland - a new potential forest pest?
On the life cycle, especially on the reproduction biology of Blastophagus piniperda L. (Col., Scolytidae)
Insects in burned forests : forest protection and faunal conservation (preliminary results)
Mountain pine beetle range expansion : assessing the threat to Canada's boreal forest by evaluating the endemic niche : final report Ver. 1.1
The semiochemical system of Ips typographus : quantitative variation in production and release, and behavioural activity
Abstract: Before the snow-melt and again in early June, when bark beetles were beginning to swarm, piles of fresh pine and spruce logs were placed in the different zones of a subarctic fell in NE Lapland. The degree of infestation of these breeding billets was examined in late summer.
Impacts of natural disturbances on the development of European forest resources : application of model approaches from tree and stand levels to large-scale scenarios
The role of trapping in population management of the spruce bark beetle Ips typographus (L.)
Sorption of metal ions to wood, pulp and bark materials
Summary.
Experiments with Beauveria bassiana (Bals.) Vuill. to control Blastophagus Piniperda L. (Col., Scolytidae)
Animals as forest pests in Finnish Lapland
Ryijy - rugs from Finland / Museum of Applied Arts
Impacts of climate change on mountainpine beetle habitat connectivity in western Canada
13 + 13 kesää tekstiilitaiteelle = 13 + 13 summers for textile art
Available insect prey in bark patches selected by the Three-toed Woodpecker Picoides tridactylus prior to reproduction
Two-year cycle spruce beetle (Dendroctonus rufipennis [Kirby]) adults were collected from emergence traps installed on two types of hosts (stumps and windfalls) in two adjacent timber harvesting areas in central British Columbia over a 5-year period to determine the incidence of associated fungi, bacteria, yeasts, nematodes, and mites. There was no difference in either the mean size or the female ratio of spruce beetles between host types or areas. Yeasts and bacteria were the most common associates of the spruce beetle and were isolated from the majority of beetles, regardless of host type. Pesotum sp. A, a blue-stain fungus, was the most common filamentous species and was isolated from 63% of the 221 beetles sampled. This fungus appears to be closely associated with the spruce beetle regardless of host type. At least 25 taxa of other filamentous fungi (OFF) were also isolated from beetles. Most of the OFF were common, wind-dispersed species, prevalent in the environment, e.g., Penicillium and Cladosporium spp., and are likely only incidental associates of the spruce beetle. The OFF were more likely to be isolated from beetles emerging from windfalls than from stumps. This may have been due to higher moisture in windfalls, which promoted the growth of some OFF. The incidence of mites and nematodes associated with the spruce beetle was relatively low; however, only those observed on the exoskeleton were recorded. The association of microorganisms with the spruce beetle did not vary between the two timber harvesting areas sampled in this study. Despite differences in the two types of host material, the spruce beetle is able to maintain a consistent association with yeasts, bacteria, and Pesotum sp. A.
Attack and reproduction of bark beetles in windthrown pine in northern Finland
Anatomical structure of barks in Neotropical genera of Annonaceae
Bark beetle-associated fungi in Fennoscandia with special emphasis on species of Ophiostoma and Grosmannia
