http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24555 group identity
group identity
"What is Europe? What are the contents of the concept of Europe? And what defines European identity? Instead of only asking these classical questions, this volume also explores who asks these questions, and who is addressed with such questions. Who answers the questions, from which standpoints and for what reasons? Which philosophical, historical, religious or political traditions influence the answers? This book addresses its task in three parts. The first concentrates on the controversies around the meaning of Europe. The second focuses on the role of the European Union. The third discusses Europe and its relations to different types of otherness, or rather, non-European-ness. The volume produces a complex and plural picture of the concepts, ideas, debates and (ex)changes associated with the concept of Europe, and has a clear significance for today's debates on European identity, Europeanization, and the EU".
When peace is not enough : how the Israeli peace camp thinks about religion, nationalism, and justice
Limits of liberal multiculturalism
Belonging in Oceania : Movement, Place-Making and Multiple Identifications
"Movements like the Arab Spring, Occupy Wall Street, and the Tea Party embody some of our deepest intuitions about popular politics and 'the power of the people'. They also expose tensions and shortcomings in our understanding of these ideals. We typically see 'the people' as having a special, sovereign power. Despite the centrality of this idea in our thinking, we have little understanding of why it has such importance. Imagined Sovereignties probes the considerable force that 'the people' exercises on our thought and practice. Like the imagined communities described by Benedict Anderson, popular politics is formed around shared, imaginary constructs rooted in our collective imagination. This book investigates these 'imagined sovereignties' in a genealogy traversing the French Enlightenment, the Haitian Revolution, and nineteenth-century Haitian constitutionalism. It problematizes taken-for-granted ideas about popular politics and provokes new ways of imagining the power of the people"--
Grammars of identity/alterity : a structural approach
Social ontology : collective intentionality and group agents
Russian borderlands in change : North Caucasian youth and the politics of bordering and citizenship
"The first study of the everydayness of political life under Stalin, this book examines Soviet citizenship through common practices of expressing Soviet identity in the public space. The Stalinist state understood citizenship as practice, with participation in a set of political rituals and public display of certain 'civic emotions' serving as the marker of a person's inclusion in the political world. The state's relations with its citizens were structured by rituals of celebration, thanking, and hatred-rites that required both political awareness and a demonstrable emotional response. Soviet functionaries transmitted this obligation to ordinary citizens through the mechanisms of communal authority (workplace committees, volunteer agitators, and other forms of peer pressure) as much as through brutal state coercion.Yet, the population also often imbued these ceremonies--elections, state holidays, parades, mass rallies, subscriptions to state bonds--with different meanings: as a popular fãete, an occasion to get together after work, a chance to purchase goods not available on other days, and even as an opportunity to indulge in some drinking. The people also understood these political rituals as moments of negotiation whereby citizens fulfilling their 'patriotic duty' expected the state to reciprocate by providing essential services and basic social welfare.Nearly-universal passive resistance to required attendance casts doubt on recent theories about the mass internalization of communist ideology and the development of 'Soviet subjectivities.' The book is set in the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv during the last years of World War II and immediate postwar years, the period best demonstrating how formulaic rituals could create space for the people to express their concerns, fears, and prejudices, as well as their eagerness to be viewed as citizens in good standing. By the end of Stalin's rule, a more ossified routine of political participation developed, which persisted until the Soviet Union's collapse"--
Consumer Culture, Modernity and Identity offers analysis of articulation of consumer culture and modernity in everyday lives of people in a transnational framework. It pursues three broad themes: lifestyle and construction of modern identity; fashion and identity; and subaltern concerns and moral subjectivities. It juxtaposes empirical studies with theoretical traditions in addressing questions such as: How do people imagine modernity and identity in consumer culture? What does modernity or 'being modern' mean to people in different societies? Are modernity and tradition antithetical to or develop an interface with each other? The chapters in the book trace manifestations and trajectories of consumer culture and modernity as they connect to develop a sense of renewed identity. --Publisher's description.
The social atlas of Europe
Introduction -- English language colonisation, de-colonisation, and globalisation -- Ethnic linguistic minorities -- 1900s-1950s: a discourse of laissez-faire, preserving the status quo -- 1960s-1980s: a discourse of multiculturalism, living with difference -- 1990s-2000s: a discourse of integration, sharing common values -- Contemporary British identity, over a hundred years in the making.
Fitting into place? : class and gender geographies and temporalities
Diaspora literature and visual culture : Asia in flight
The politics of belonging in the Himalayas : local attachments and boundary dynamics
Incorporating cultural value into a service brand : strategic branding for ALV
"When groups feature in political philosophy, it is usually in one of three contexts: the redressing of past or current injustices suffered by ethnic or cultural minorities; the nature and scope of group rights; and questions around how institutions are supposed to treat a certain specific identity/cultural/ethnic group. What is missing from these debates is a comprehensive analysis of groups as both agents and objects of social policies. While this has been subject to much scrutiny by sociologists and social psychologists, it has received less attention from a normative and philosophical point of view. This volume asks: what problems are posed to political philosophy by a collection of individuals who act or are treated in a collective way? Focusing not only on ways in which institutions should treat groups, but also on the normative implications of considering groups as possible social agents, when acting either in vertical relations with the state or in horizontal relations with other groups (or individuals), this book explores these issues from both theoretical and practical perspectives. Contributors address both the nature of political and social philosophy itself, and the ways in which specific issues--affirmative action, race, religion and places of worship, the rights of states--have become political and social priorities"--
The dialectics of identity and resistance among Dalits in Nepal
Us and them : understanding your tribal mind
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
On exit : interdisciplinary perspectives on the right of exit in liberal multicultural societies
"Drawing on studies conducted in Australia, the United Kingdom and the United States, this book focuses on a growing number of staff who undertake roles associated with broadly based projects that have emerged in higher education institutions, including student life and welfare, widening participation, learning support, community partnership, research and business partnership, and institutional research. At the same time as professional staff are acquiring academic credentials, some academic staff are moving in a more project-oriented direction, effectively creating a Third Space between professional and academic spheres of activity. Associated with these changes, the concept of service has become re-oriented towards one of partnership between professional and academic colleagues, students and external agencies. Furthermore, although hierarchical line relationships continue to exist, these may be less significant in day-to-day working than lateral networks, and individuals may identify more closely with projects and teams than with formal organisational structures. Yet such developments have tended to occur 'under the radar', and have not been fully articulated. The concept of Third Space is offered as a way of exploring the emergence of less boundaried roles and identities in higher education community, and of considering the implications of these for individuals and institution"--
The sociology of architecture : constructing identities
Media, surveillance and identity : social perspectives
Europe in crisis : intellectuals and the European idea, 1917-1957
Social networks and regional identity in Bronze Age Italy
Advances in intergroup communication
Stalin's citizens : everyday politics in the wake of total war
Identity is defined in many different ways in various disciplines in the social sciences and sub-disciplines within psychology. The developmental psychological approach to identity is characterized by a focus on developing a sense of the self that is temporally continuous and unified across the different life spaces that individuals inhabit. Erikson proposed that the task of adolescence and young adulthood was to define the self by answering the question: Who Am I? There have been many advances in theory and research on identity development since Erikson's writing over fifty years ago, and the time has come to consolidate our knowledge and set an agenda for future research. The Oxford Handbook of Identity Development represents a turning point in the field of identity development research. Various, and disparate, groups of researchers are brought together to debate, extend, and apply Erikson's theory to contemporary problems and empirical issues. The result is a comprehensive and state-of-the-art examination of identity development that pushes the field in provocative new directions.
Evolution and social psychology
The Oxford handbook of identity development
Dynamics of memory and identity in contemporary Europe
"Identity is defined in many different ways in various disciplines in the social sciences and sub-disciplines within psychology. The developmental psychological approach to identity is characterized by a focus on developing a sense of the self that is temporally continuous and unified across the different life spaces that individuals inhabit. Erikson proposed that the task of adolescence and young adulthood was to define the self by answering the question: Who Am I? There have been many advances in theory and research on identity development since Erikson's writing over fifty years ago, and the time has come to consolidate our knowledge and set an agenda for future research. The Oxford Handbook of Identity Development represents a turning point in the field of identity development research. Various, and disparate, groups of researchers are brought together to debate, extend, and apply Erikson's theory to contemporary problems and empirical issues. The result is a comprehensive and state-of-the-art examination of identity development that pushes the field in provocative new directions. Scholars of identity development, adolescent and adult development, and related fields, as well as graduate students, advanced undergraduates, and practitioners will find this to be an innovative, unique, and exciting look at identity development".
Craft and social identity
Relating indigenous and settler identities : beyond domination
Imagining globalization : language, identities, and boundaries
Sports and identity : new agendas in communication
Imagining the other and constructing Israelite identity in the early second temple period
How a continent created a nation
The political psychology of democratic citizenship
"We live in a world in which being a 'citizen' of a state and being a 'national' are by no means the same. Amidst much scholarly debate about 'nations' and 'nationalism', comparatively little has been written explicitly on 'national identity' and a great deal less is solidly evidence-based. This book focuses on national identity in England and Scotland. Using data collected over twenty years it asks: does national identity really matter to people? How does 'national identity' differ from 'nationality' and having a passport? Are there particular people and places which have ambiguous or contested national identities? What happens if someone makes a claim to a national identity? On what basis do others accept or reject the claim? Does national identity have much internal substance, or is it simply about defending group boundaries? How does national identity relate to politics and constitutional change?" -- Provided by publisher.
In this text, the authors explore how the formation and transformation of national and state identities affect the foreign policy behaviour of Middle Eastern states.
What makes individuals with divergent and often conflicting interests join together and act in unison? Fear of enemies and collective action explores how the fear of external threats shapes political groups at their founding and helps preserve them by consolidating them in times of crisis. It develops a theory of 'negative association' that examines the dynamics captured by the maxim 'The enemy of my enemy is my friend' and then traces its role from Greek and Roman political thought, through Machiavelli and the reason of state thinkers, and Hobbes and his emulators and critics, to the realists of the twentieth century. By focusing on the role of fear and enmity in the formation of individual and group identity, this book reveals an important tradition in the history of political thought and offers new insights into texts that are considered familiar. This book demonstrates that the fear of external threats is an essential element of the formation and preservation of political groups and that its absence renders political association unsustainable.
The throwback special : a novel
In this book, Yuval-Davis provides a cutting-edge investigation of the challenging debates around belonging and the politics of belonging. Alongside the hegemonic forms of citizenship and nationalism which have tended to dominate our recent political and social history, the author examines alternative contemporary political projects of belonging constructed around the notions of religion, cosmopolitanism and the feminist 'ethics of care'. The book also explores the effects of globalization, mass migration, the rise of both fundamentalist and human rights movements on such politics of belonging, as well as some of its racialized and gendered dimensions. A special space is given to the various feminist political movements that have been engaged as part of or in resistance to the political projects of belonging. Yuval-Davis deconstructs notions of national and ethnic and interrogates the effects that different political projects of belonging have on members of these collectivities who are differentially located socially, economically and politically.
Does ethnicity matter for European Americans? : interpreting ethnic identity in the post-civil rights era
Russians as presented in TV documentaries
"Intellectual leadership in Higher Education draws on studies conducted in Australia, the United Kingdom and the United States, this book focuses on the growing number of staff who undertake roles associated with broadly based projects that are emerging in higher education institutions. These include aspects such as student life and welfare, widening participation, learning support, community partnership, research and business partnership, and institutional research. Some academic staff are moving in a increasingy project-oriented direction, effectively creating a Third Space between professional and academic spheres of activity. Associated with these changes, the concept of service has become re-oriented towards one of partnership between professional and academic colleagues, students and external agencies.Lateral networks are becoming more significant than traditional linear relationships, and individuals may identify more closely with projects and teams than with formal organisational structures. The concept of Third Space is offered as a way of exploring the emergence of less boundaried roles and identities in higher education community, and of considering the implications of these for individuals and institutions. This book explores the significance of relationships as a key variable in Third Space environments and looks into the development and use of appropriate forms of language to facilitate communication between a range of constituencies. Importantly, it recognises the paradoxes and dilemmas that are likely to arise in Third Space, and how these might be used in positive ways. The book is split into three sections which look at: Literary understandings about professional and academic identities and an introduction to the concept of Third Space.The characteristics of Third Space professionals, including the knowledges, relationships, legitimacies and languages that they create. The implications for individuals and institutions of the developments described, and their possible futures in management and leadership. Intellectual leadership in Higher Education will be of great interest to professional and academic staff who find themselves working in Third Space environments; to those to whom such staff may be responsible, including senior management teams; and also to academic researchers interested in changing identities in higher education"--
The meanings of Europe : changes and exchanges of a contested concept
Group agency : the possibility, design, and status of corporate agents
Combining the insights of many leading New Testament scholars writing on the use of social identity theory this new reference work provides a comprehensive handbook to the construction of social identity in the New Testament. Part one examines key methodological issues and the ways in which scholars have viewed and studied social identity, including different theoretical approaches, and core areas or topics which may be used in the study of social identity, such as food, social memory, and ancient media culture. Part two presents worked examples and in-depth textual studies covering core passages from each of the New Testament books, as they relate to the construction of social identity. Adopting a case-study approach, in line with sociological methods the volume builds a picture of how identity was structured in the earliest Christ-movement. Contributors include; Philip Esler, Warren Carter, Paul Middleton, Rafael Rodriquez, and Robert Brawley.
Group identity and religious individuality in late antiquity
Categorizing otherness in the Kings' Sagas
This paper presents some of the key results of the INPRES (“Intervening at the pre-migration stage: Providing tools for promoting integration and adaptation”) research project concerning identity and integration of Ingrian Finns migrating from Russia to Finland. Conducted at the University of Helsinki between 2008 and 2011, the aim of the research project was to investigate the factors involved in these migrants' integration processes over the course of the migration process, starting before they move to Finland. The project also aimed to provide researchbased tools to promote integration and positive intergroup relations. In this paper, we discuss our findings that concern the complexity of identities and how they are constructed and change based on context. The role of identities in the formation of acculturation orientations, and anticipated and actual intergroup relations are also discussed. The results presented are derived from our most recent INPRES publications and ongoing work..
"This book argues that the Renaissance, long associated with the historical development of individualism, in fact witnessed the emergence of radically new concepts of group identity. From the end of the fifteenth century, rapidly accelerating globalization intensified cross-cultural encounters, destabilized older categories of large- and small-group identity, and contributed to the rise of new hybrid group concepts. Drawing on insights from psychoanalysis, linguistics, and social network theory, this book advances a theory of "group subjectivity" - perceptions, fantasies, and patterns of belief that guide the behaviors of individuals in groups and of collectives. Considering not only Europe, but also South Asia, Africa, the Sugar Islands of the Atlantic, the Caribbean world, and Brazil, Hannah Chapelle Wojciehowski reconsiders the Renaissance in global context, presenting micro-histories of group identity formation, and persuasively argues that we think of that transformational era as a "re-networking" of the world and its peoples, rather than a "rebirth.""--Provided by publisher.
E pluribus unum : the assimilation paradigm revisited
"India is changing at a rapid pace as it continues to move from its colonial past to its globalised future. This Companion offers a framework for understanding that change, and how modern cultural forms have emerged out of very different histories and traditions. The book provides accounts of literature, theatre, film, modern and popular art, music, television and food; it also explores in detail social divisions, customs, communications and daily life. In a series of engaging, erudite and occasionally moving essays the contributors, drawn from a variety of disciplines, examine not merely what constitutes modern Indian culture, but just how wide-ranging are the cultures that persist in the regions of India. This volume will help the reader understand the continuities and fissures within Indian culture and some of the conflicts arising from them. Throughout, what comes to the fore is the extraordinary richness and diversity of modern Indian culture"--
Border politics : social movements, collective identities, and globalization
Social identification and group cohesiveness in a multicultural work group
Landscapes, identities, and development
Venice's most loyal city : civic identity in Renaissance Brescia
Fingerprinting the Iron Age : approaches to identity in the European Iron Age : integrating South-Eastern Europe into the debate
"Each chapter tells a great story, but with the goal of looking into complex issues: the many problems young black men face, subtle persistent racism, the stagnation of blacks vis a vis whites, widespread black participation in the military despite widesprad anti-war sentiments, the increased decline of unions even as unions become the primary vehicle for black progress, the challenges of interracial families, the lack of good schools or healthcare for the poor, and the inability of well-off blacks to lift up others"--Provided by publisher.
Identity in the shadow of slavery
Multiple minority identities : applications for practice, research, and training
Adolescents' self-discovery in groups
A recited community : figures of an identity foretold : narrating heritage and positioning boundaries among student partisan groups in plural Lebanon
"This book takes an innovative approach to detecting regional groupings in peninsular Italy during the Late Bronze Age, a notoriously murky period of Italian prehistory. Applying social network analysis to the distributions of imports and other distinctive objects, Emma Blake reveals previously unrecognized exchange networks that are in some cases the precursors of the named peoples of the first millennium BC: the Etruscans, the Veneti, and others. In a series of regional case studies, she uses quantitative methods to both reconstruct and analyze the character of these early networks and posits that, through path dependence, the initial structure of the networks played a role in the success or failure of the groups occupying those same regions in later times. This book thus bridges the divide between Italian prehistory and the Classical period, and demonstrates that Italy's regionalism began far earlier than previously thought"--
Punk rock and the politics of place : building a better tomorrow
Social Identity, Intergroup Conflict, and Conflict Reduction
TRADITIONS, LANGUAGE, AND LITERACY: CHANGING MEANINGS OF AKEU ETHNICITY
Representation matters : (re)articulating collective identities in a postcolonial world
This volume sheds light on how particular constructions of the 'Other'contributed to an ongoing process of defining what 'Israel' or an 'Israelite'was or was supposed to be in literature taken to be authoritative in the late Persian and Early Hellenistic periods. It asks, who is an insider and who anoutsider? Are boundaries permeable? Are there different ideas expressed withinindividual books? What about constructions of the (partial) 'Other' frominside, e.g., women, people whose body did not fit social constructions ofnormalness? It includes chapters dealing with theoretical issues and casestudies, and addresses similar issues from the perspective of groups in thelate Second Temple period so as to shed light on processes of continuity anddiscontinuity on these matters. Preliminary forms of five of the contributions werepresented in Thessaloniki in 2011 in the research programme, 'Production andReception of Authoritative Books in the Persian and Hellenistic Period,' at theAnnual Meeting of European Association of Biblical Studies (EABS). --
Community identity : dynamics of religion in context
Social identity and intergroup relations
The state of Israel is often spoken of as a haven for the Jewish people, a place rooted in the story of a nation dispersed, wandering the earth in search of its homeland. Born in adversity but purportedly nurtured by liberal ideals, Israel has never known peace, experiencing instead a state of constant war that has divided its population along the stark and seemingly unbreachable lines of dissent around the relationship between unrestricted citizenship and Jewish identity. By focusing on the perceptions and histories of Israel's most marginalized stakeholders - Palestinian Israelis, Arab Jews, and non-Israeli Jews - Atalia Omer cuts to the heart of the Israeli-Arab conflict, demonstrating how these voices provide urgently needed resources for conflict analysis and peace building. Navigating a complex set of arguments about ethnicity, boundaries, and peace and offering a different approach to the renegotiation and reimagination of national identity and citizenship, Omer pushes the conversation beyond the bounds of the single narrative and toward a new and dynamic concept of justice - one that offers the prospect of building a lasting peace.
The triple package : what really determines success
Identity and participation in culturally diverse societies : a multidisciplinary perspective
Towards a monoethnic state : ethnic minorities in Poland from the end of the Second World War until the present
Identity in education
Material culture and social identities in the ancient world
United we stand - divided we fall : a standard model of unit cohesion
The Oxford handbook of multicultural identity
The politics of identity in Visigothic Spain : religion and power in the histories of Isidor of Seville
The perfect Nazi : uncovering my grandfather's secret past and how Hitler seduced a generation
The 21st-century hipster : on micro-populations in times of superdiversity
Discourse and identity in the professions : legal, corporate and institutional citizenship
Group identity in the Renaissance world
Ethnographic case studies explore what it means to ""belong"" in Oceania, as contributors consider ongoing formations of place, self and community in connection with travelling, internal and international migration. The chapters apply the multi-dimensional concepts of movement, place-making and cultural identifications to explain contemporary life in Oceanic societies. The volume closes by suggesting that constructions of multiple belongings-and, with these, the relevant forms of mobility, place-making and identifications-are being recontextualized and modified by emerging discourses of climate change and sea-level rise.
"In this paper, four theories on the causes of civil war are reviewed. One theory, associated with Paul Collier, emphasises feasibility over factors related to grievance. A second theory, espoused by Frances Stewart, focuses on the role of horizontal inequalities. The third theory, identified with William Zartman, highlights the different roles “need, creed and greed” factors play in various phases of a conflict. And the fourth theory, associated with the World Bank / World Development Report 2011, points out “commitment” problems leading to institutional failures as a crucial factor. Each of the theories leads to quite different policy conclusions. Their strengths and weaknesses, and their claimed empirical support, are discussed.In addition, some of the mechanisms underpinning the theories are highlighted on the basis of empirical data. In particular, the central role of horizontal inequalities between social groups is discussed." --Publisher's description.
Living in the Ottoman Realm brings the Ottoman Empire to life in all of its ethnic, religious, linguistic, and geographic diversity. The contributors explore the development and transformation of identity over the long span of the empire's existence. They offer engaging accounts of individuals, groups, and communities by drawing on a rich array of primary sources, some available in English translation for the first time. These materials are examined with new methodological approaches to gain a deeper understanding of what it meant to be Ottoman. Designed for use as a course text, each chapter includes study questions and suggestions for further reading.
Digital identity and personality : a look at identity formation in light of social networking sites
Belonging and isolation in the Hellenistic world
Allegorical bodies : power and gender in late medieval France
Brings together the founding texts of the 'Social Identity Approach' - a set of concepts, ideas, and principles contained in Social Identity Theory and Self-Categorization Theory - that is originated in social psychology and part of the standard curriculum in communication and media studies, organizations and management, education, and politics.
Understanding collective pride and group identity : new directions in emotion theory, research and practice
Masculinity in the black imagination : politics of communicating race and manhood
Learning to labour : how working class kids get working class jobs
Moving mosaic : exploring collegial collaboration as a way of indentifying and transforming the culture of dance teaching
The changing face of European identity : a seven-nation study of (supra)national attachments
Understanding national identity
Comparative perspectives on Judaisms and Jewish identities
The empire at the end of time : identity and reform in late medieval German prophecy
Group processes
The emergence of a Greek identity (1700-1821)
Tiivistelmä - Summary [in Finnish].
Paul's letter to the Galatians, sometimes known as the Magna Carta of Christian liberty, is central to the understanding of the relation of Paul and the Law and is packed with crucial historical, social and theological material. Philip F. Esler provides a detailed and accessible interpretation of the text, which draws on contemporary and modern literary models. He outlines the problems often associated with reading Galatians, the context of the text, the rhetoric of the text and the intercultural and social implications of Galatians. Galatians includes comprehensive indices of ancient sources and modern sources, detailed references and an appendix discussing Paul's attitude to the Law in Romans 5.20-21. Galatians presents a succinct and emminently readable analysis of a dense and important New Testament text.
Hybrid identities : theoretical and empirical examinations
Transatlantic Caribbean : dialogues of people, practices, ideas
Identity, self-determination and secession
Being Danish : paradoxes of identity in everyday life
We Are All Here! : Multiple Groups on a Social Network Site
T&T Clark handbook to social identity in the New Testament
Historical tales and national identity : an introduction to narrative social psychology
Enigmas of identity
"The EU is not them, but us!" : the first person plural and the articulation of collective identities in European political discourse
Ethnicity and the long-term perspective : the African experience
Social identities between the sacred and the secular
Historical and religious memory in the ancient world
Bilingual youth : Spanish in English-speaking societies
Constructing identity in interpersonal communication = Construction identitaire dans la communication interpersonnelle = Identitätskonstruktion in der interpersonalen Kommunikation
"Rules" and "roles" : fluid institutions and hybrid identities in East European transformation processes (1989-2005)
Measuring identity : a guide for social scientists
Imagined sovereignties : the power of the people and other myths of the modern age
Co-creation of corporate brand through stakeholder relationships in B2B SMEs
"This volume of essays examines the ways in which sports have become a means for the communication of social identity in the United States. The essays included here explore the question, How is identity engaged in the performance and spectatorship of sports? Defining sports as the whole range of mediated professional sports, and considering actual participation in sports, the chapters herein address a varied range of ways in which sports as a cultural entity becomes a site for the creation and management of symbolic components of identity.Originating in the New Agendas in Communication symposium sponsored by the University of Texas College of Communication, this volume provides contemporary explorations of sports and identity, highlighting the perspectives of up-and-coming scholars and researchers. It has much to offer readers in communication, sociology of sport, human kinetics, and related areas".
Essays on team cooperation and firm performance
American heathens : the politics of identity in a pagan religious movement
Ethnic identities are affected by social changes which force identities, their meanings, and cultural markers connected to them to be adapted to new situations. Among the highland peoples of Southeast Asia in recent decades, the degree of change has been remarkable, encompassing both economic and political transformation, and increased impact and cultural influence from majority populations. As a result, in one of the smaller upland groups of southwestern China, northern Thailand, Laos and central Myanmar—the Akeu—symbols of ethnicity which are related to traditions and outer appearance are losing their significance, while certain selected traditions are still appreciated and are undergoing modification to fit them to new circumstances. Language remains an important marker of Akeu ethnicity. Akeu identity used to carry meanings of illiteracy, poverty, and low status and, as language remains an important marker of Akeu ethnicity, newly invented writing in the Akeu language has become an important means both to preserve oral traditions and to empower the meaning of Akeu identity. However, their developing appreciation of literacy furthers their integration into the nation state and Western-oriented urban cultures.
Consumer culture, modernity and identity
Heavy : the obesity crisis in cultural context
The Cambridge companion to modern Indian culture
Identity and foreign policy in the Middle East
Contemporary British identity : English language, migrants and public discourse
Players and their pets : gaming communities from Beta to Sunset
Europe's contending identities : supranationalism, ethnoregionalism, religion, and new nationalism
This book presents twelve interdisciplinary studies on memory and how ancient Mediterranean cultures configured their pasts in art, texts, and religious practices. It examines how the past is controlled in various processes of selection, manipulation, and erasure - always with purposes specific to particular cultures and contexts.
Negotiating identity : symbolic interactionist approaches to social identity
Conditions of contract, common in-group identity, and in-group bias toward contingent workers
Self continuity : individual and collective perspectives
The myth of southern exceptionalism
Constructing identity in and around organizations / : Majken Schultz ... [et al.]
Triple border regions in Central Europe : the case of Hungary and its neighbours
In 1926, at the age of twenty, a trainee dentist called Bruno Langbehn joined the Nazi party. Growing up in a Germany that was impoverished and humiliated by the defeat of the First World War, Bruno was one of the first young men to sign up. This title traces Bruno's journey from disillusioned adolescent to SS Officer to mysterious grandfather.
We, the American people
Identities and social change in Britain since 1940 : the politics of method
Rediscovering social identity : key readings
Exactly in the right place : ways of making and maintaining a Crow Indian landscape
Practices of selfhood
Identity, political freedom, and collective responsibility : the pillars and foundations of global ethics
"This book shows how the imperial Russian system of social estates (sosloviia), which derived from the government's need to categorize and rank its subjects, held power over individual identities and life choices in Russia throughout the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. Though in part modeled on the orders of old regime Europe, also called estates, the Russian system had its own peculiarities, two of which include the imprecision in the (oft changing) laws of its rules and procedures, allowing for endless interpretations and realignments, and its stamina, not being swept away until the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917. For the imperial state, estates were a means of making the population productive; for individuals, they were a source not only of individual identity, but of community, in ways at times demanding and at times supportive"--Provided by publisher.
Foundation myths in ancient societies : dialogues and discourses
Identity and cultural diversity : what social psychology can teach us
"In the current historical moment borders have taken on heightened material and symbolic significance, shaping identities and the social and political landscape. "Borders"--defined broadly to include territorial dividing lines as well as sociocultural boundaries--have become increasingly salient sites of struggle over social belonging and cultural and material resources. How do contemporary activists navigate and challenge these borders? What meanings do they ascribe to different social, cultural and political boundaries, and how do these meanings shape the strategies in which they engage? Moreover, how do these social movements confront internal borders based on the differences that emerge within social change initiatives? Border Politics, edited by Nancy A. Naples and Jennifer Bickham Mendez, explores these important questions through eleven carefully selected case studies situated in geographic contexts around the globe. By conceptualizing struggles over identity, social belonging and exclusion as extensions of border politics, the authors capture the complex ways in which geographic, cultural, and symbolic dividing lines are blurred and transcended, but also fortified and redrawn. This volume notably places right-wing and social justice initiatives in the same analytical frame to identify patterns that span the political spectrum. Border Politics offers a lens through which to understand borders as sites of diverse struggles, as well as the strategies and practices used by diverse social movements in today's globally interconnected world. Contributors: Phillip Ayoub, Renata Blumberg, Yvonne Braun, Moon Charania, Michael Dreiling, Jennifer Johnson, Jesse Klein, Andrej Kurnik, Sarah Maddison, Duncan McDuie-Ra, Jennifer Bickham Mendez, Nancy A. Naples, David Paternotte, Maple Razsa, Raphi Rechitsky, Kyle Rogers, Deana Rohlinger, Cristina Sanidad, Meera Sehgal, Tara Stamm, Michelle Te;llez"--
What happens when public figures' private selves are put forth for examination by public audiences? How do the personal struggles of music artists, specifically those with immigrant backgrounds, compare to the private struggles of other individuals? At a time when many countries in the European Union experience an increase in far-right political party activities, how do individuals from the margins negotiate new ways of thinking about identity, offering hope for greater understanding of shared struggles across societies? This book offers interpretations of identity and belonging by examining the work of two music artists, Faudel Belloua from France and Adam Tensta from Sweden. By analyzing texts produced by these individuals, I argue that ongoing engagement with the materials produced by Belloua and Tensta, a process which I refer to as living biography, presents a unique window into the process of how Belloua and Tensta connect personal struggles to public issues, providing a compelling departure point for further discussions on how interpretations of national identity are changing in France and Sweden and beyond.
The perils of belonging : autochthony, citizenship, and exclusion in Africa and Europe
Sovereignty at the edge : Macau & the question of Chineseness
Ordinary genomes : science, citizenship, and genetic identities
The psychology of social and cultural diversity
The Limits of Liberal Multiculturalism provides a timely analysis of some of the weaknesses, as well as the successes, of the liberal multicultural project. It also takes a step forward by developing a pluralist, individual-centred approach to allocating minority rights in practice.
Fear of enemies and collective action
The politics of belonging in India : becoming Adivasi
The social location of the visions of Amram (4Q543-547)
Children and social exclusion : morality, prejudice, and group identity
Identities and integration in the context of ethnic migration : a longitudinal, multi-pronged approach to studying Ingrian-Finnish migrants
The limits of liberal multiculturalism : towards an individuated approach to cultural diversity
Multiculturalism is a prevalent worldwide societal phenomenon. This handbook reviews cutting-edge empirical and theoretical work on the psychology of multicultural identities and experiences. It addresses some important basic (e.g., measurement, socio-cognitive and neural mechanisms) and applied issues.
Evoking Polish memory : state, self and the Communist past in transition
Focusing on the important relationship between the 'sacred' and the 'secular', this book demonstrates that it is not paradoxical to think in terms of both secular and sacred or neither, in different times and places. International experts from a range of disciplinary perspectives draw on local, national, and international contexts to provide a fresh analytical approach to understanding these two contested poles. Exploring such phenomena at an individual, institutional, or theoretical level, each chapter contributes to the central message of the book - that the 'in between' is real, embodied and experienced every day and informs, and is informed by, intersecting social identities.Social Identities between the Sacred and the Secular provides an essential resource for continued research into these concepts, challenging us to re-think where the boundaries of sacred and secular lie and what may lie between.
Identity and violence : the illusion of destiny
Constructing identity in interpersonal communication = Construction identitaire dans la communication interpersonelle = Identitätskonstruktion in der interpersonalen Kommunikation
Living in the Ottoman realm : empire and identity, 13th to 20th centuries
Language in Taiwanese Social Movements
Studies on corporate social responsibility in the Finnish small business context
For the common good and their own well-being : social estates in Imperial Russia
Imagining Europe as a global player : the ideological construction of a new European identity within the EU
Fractured identities : changing patterns of inequality
Identity at work
Inequality and identity : causes of war?
How groups matter : challenges of toleration in pluralistic societies
The sixth and fifth centuries BCE were a time of constant re-identifications within Judean communities, both in exile and in the land; it was a time when Babylonian exilic ideologies captured a central position in Judean (Jewish) history and literature at the expense of silencing the voices of any other Judean communities.Proceeding from the later biblical evidence to the earlier, from the Persian period sources (Ezra-Nehemiah, Haggai, Zechariah, and Deutero-Isaiah) to the Neo-Babylonian prophecy of Ezekiel and Jeremiah, Exclusive Inclusivity explores the ideological transformations within these writings using the sociological rubric of exclusivity. Social psychology categories of ethnicity and group identity provide the analytical framework to clarify that Ezekiel, the prophet of the Jehoiachin Exiles, was the earliest constructor of these exclusive ideologies. Thus, already from the Neo-Babylonian period, definitions of otherness were being set to shape the self-understanding of each of the post-586 communities, in Judah (Yehud) and in the Babylonian Diaspora, as the exclusive People of God. As each community reidentified itself as the in-group, arguments of otherness were adduced to diregard and delegitimize the sister community. The polemics against "foreigners" in the Persian period literature are the ideological successors to the earlier ideological conflict.
Identity development meets emotional stability : transcending borders through music therapy with an intercultural group of women : a case study
Advances in Intergroup Communication is a timely contribution to the field. It reflects developments in older, more established intergroup settings (e.g., gender, sexual orientation, organizations) whilst introducing newer studies such as the military and political parties. It also pays attention to emerging trends in new media and social networks and considers the developing field of neuroscience of communication. The volume brings together authors from different geographical areas (North America, Europe, and Australia) and from different disciplines (particularly communication, linguistics, and psychology). Contributions are organized around five themes, corresponding to the five sections of the book: defining features and constraints; tools of intergroup communication; social groups in their context; intergroup communication in organizations; and future directions.
Disability rights and wrongs
"In this era of recognition and reconciliation in settler societies indigenous peoples are laying claims to tribunals, courts and governments and reclaiming extensive territories and resource rights, in some cases even political sovereignty. But, paradoxically, alongside these practices of decolonization, settler societies continue the work of colonization in myriad everyday ways. This book explores this ongoing colonization in indigenous-settler identity politics in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the United States. These four are part of the 'Post-British World' and share colonial orientations towards indigenous peoples traceable to their European origins. The book identifies a shared settler imaginary that continues to constrain indigenous possibilities while it fails to deliver the redemption and unified nationhood settler peoples crave. Against this colonizing imaginary this book argues for the need for a new relational imaginary that recognizes the autonomy of indigenous ways of being, living and knowing"--
Beyond caste : identity and power in South Asia, past and present
Exclusive inclusivity : identity conflicts between the exiles and the people who remained (6th-5th centuries BCE)
Psychology and politics : a social identity perspective
The Politics of Popular Culture : Negotiating Power, Identity, and Place
Multiculturalism reconsidered : 'Culture and equality' and its critics
Ethnic minority member perspective on leader-member exchange
A day late and a dollar short
The politics of belonging : intersectional contestations
Many of us think of European countries as discreet entities: their own languages, cultures, food, and economies squarely contained within their national boundaries. But in fact Europe is at once a unified place and a sophisticatedly fragmented one, and national boundaries rarely reflect its social and economic realities. The Social Atlas of Europe is the first atlas to map Europe according to these realities, from the perspective of human geography rather than simply a political one.
Conflict of national identity in Sudan
Life stories and sociological imagination : music, private lives, and public identity in France and Sweden
A stranger in my homeland : the politics of belonging among young people with Kurdish backgrounds in Sweden
The political force of musical beauty
Who are we - and ashould it matter in the 21st century?
Reconstructing identities in higher education : the rise of "third space" professionals
Re-identification as a mean for promoting peace
