http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24549 gas engine
gas engine
Bosch technical instruction. Mmotronic : Combined ignition and fuel-injection system with lambda closed-loop control
Effect of the exhaust gas side fouling on the performance of a plate and shell type heat exchanger
Elements of gas turbine propulsion
Pounder's marine diesel engines and gas turbines
Diesel exhaust emissions control 2002 : SCR, HC, DeNOx and measurement
Aircraft propulsion and gas turbine engines
Parallel operation of diesels and gas turbine engine in electric cruise vessel propulsion
On exhaust emissions from petrol-fuelled passenger cars at low ambient temperatures
Comparison of the effects of various fuel additives on the diesel engine emissions
Particulate and gaseous emissions from large-scale medium speed diesel engines
Abstract.
Electric gear and throttle contol for Finncat
Factors influencing emissions and emissions formation processes
23rd CIMAC world congress on combustion engine technology for ship propulsion, power generation, rail traction : May 7-10, 2001, Hamburg, Germany. Volume 2, Diesel engines - exhaust emission, Gas turbines - exhaust emission, Fuels, lubricants, tribology, Components
Tuning light knock limits on SG engines
Particle filter retrofit for all Diesel engines
Crevice volumes contribution to the THC emission in a medium speed gas engine
Automotive engine performance
Advanced engine technology
Emission control of two off-road diesel engines using EGR and DPF methods
Classification of SOx Scrubber for Ships
A LEAN process approach for 4-stroke gas conversion projects
NOx adsorber catalysts with improved desulfation properties and enchanced low-temperature activity
How to build & modify intake & exhaust systems
NOx adsorber catalyst technology has been successfully applied on diesel vehicles to enable them to satisfy stringent NOx emission regulations. One limitation of this technology is the requirement to regularly desulfate the adsorber to maintain high NOx conversion efficiency. In addition to adding significant engine and calibration complexity, these high temperature desulfation events accelerate the thermal degradation of the exhaust system components. Minimization of the severity and the frequency of the desulfation events is highly desirable. Laboratory studies to understand desulfation processes and to identify improved NOx Adsorber washcoat compositions are described. These studies led to a new generation of NOx adsorber catalysts with reduced desulfation temperatures, faster desulfation rates and enhanced low-temperature activity. The new generation of catalysts also enabled the potential for PGM thrifting, especially for applications with low engine- out NOx emissions. These PGM thrifted catalysts demonstrated excellent performance after exposure to long-term sulfation/desulfation/thermal aging cycles.
The main objective of this thesis is to provide combustion study by optical methods in Wärtsilä 34 size gas engines. To enable this study method, a optical cylinder assembly had to be designed. This means designing an optical access to the combustion chamber. This optical access has to be designed in a way that it endures the stresses directed to it during the measurements and it has to enable passive and active measurement methods. In a practise it means that the access has to be really big or that there is multiple accesses. Measurement techniques were not studied in this thesis. Studying combustion with optical methods enables measuring and analysing the combustion happening in a way that other measurement techniques do not enable. Measurement results help to understand better the combustion and to develop the gas engine efficiency and make it more environment friendly. This optical cylinder assembly were studied and optimized with computer simulation. The cylinder assembly that provides optical access to combustion chamber of gas engine endures the stresses that are directed to it based on the computer simulations. Thus it means that with this optical cylinder assembly it is possible to study combustion.
Optical access to the combustion chamber in a large bore gas engine
Feasibility of hydrogen as fuel in medium speed engines
Diesel emissions and their control
Powerplants of future
Combustion & emission control for SI engines : modeling and experimental studies
Reduction of Particulate Matter Emissions in EU Inland Waterway Transport
Marine gas engines : their construction and management
The effects of SO2 and SO3 poisoning on Cu/Zeolite SCR catalysts
In-cylinder diesel particulate and NOx control 1999.
Exhaust emissions from combustion machinery
Viking Line trusts in green expertise : a gas powered passenger that will be operational within two years
EGR rsponse in a turbo-charged and after-cooled DI diesel engine and its effects on smoke opacity
Emissions-control technology for gasoline engines
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
From waste to traffic fuel (W-Fuel)
Engine control system : new draft for the control system of the 20V34SG engine
Hybrid scrubber test plan
On the possibilities to increase power output and reduce exhaust emissions of a spark-assisted direct-injection ethanol engine
Feasibility study of power increase for gas engine power plant
Gasoline Fuel-injection system L-Jetronic
Particle size distribution in the exhaust of diesel and gasoline engines
The effects of sulfur poisoning and desulfation temperature on the NOx conversion of LNT+SCR systems for diesel applications
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
Fundamentals of jet propulsion with applications
Emissions in 2-stroke and small 4-stroke engines
State of alternative fuel technologies
23rd CIMAC world congress on combustion engine technology for ship propulsion, power generation, rail traction : May 7-10, 2001, Hamburg, Germany. Volume 3, User aspects, Gas engines, Electronics, Integrated systems
Gasoline fuel-injection system mono-jetronic
Theory of engine manifold design : wave action methods for IC engines
Present and future automotive fuels
Propulsion 2000 : the great debate : [London, 25-26 November 1999]
23rd CIMAC world congress on combustion engine technology for ship propulsion, power generation, rail traction : May 7-10, 2001, Hamburg, Germany. Volume 1, Diesel engines - product development slow/medium/high speed, Gas turbines - product development new machines/applications
New concepts for biofuels in transportation : biomass-based methanol production and reduced emissions in advanced vehicles
Simulations of ion formation at temperature and pressure conditions found in a large bore gas engine
Biogas composition and upgrading to biomethane
23rd CIMAC world congress on combustion engine technology for ship propulsion, power generation, rail traction : May 7-10, 2001, Hamburg, Germany. Volume 4, Integrated systems, Fuels, lubricants, tribology
Gas engines and particulate emissions
Exhaust gas boiler fouling and soot removal investigation in HFO diesel engine plants
Handbook of diesel engines
Combined heat and power : Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers : International Conference, 11-12 October 1994, Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Birdcage Walk, London
Planning of a training cell for Wärtsilä NOx Reducer = [Wärtsilä NOx Reduce -koulutussolun suunnittelu]
Diesel nitrogen oxide emissions : landmark research 1995-2001
Emissions technologies
Engines for Biogas
Diesel Emissions on CD-ROM from the SAE 2004 World Congress
Elimination of engine generated nanoparticles : problems and solutions
Survey of modern power plants driven by diesel and gas engines
Aircraft powerplants
22nd international congress on combustion engines. 1-7 / Copenhagen
Maximum boost : designing, testing and installing turbocharger system
Nanoparticle emissions from combustion engines
International seminar on application of powertrain and fuel technologies to meet emissions standards, 24-26 June 1996
Supercharging, turbocharging & nitrous oxide performance handbook
Variable valvetrain system technology
Combustion characteristics of a Dual Fuel diesel engine with natural gas : (study with fatty acid methyl esters used as ignition fuels)
Electronically controlled gasoline fuel-injection system with Lambda closed-loop control Mono-Jetronic : Bosch teknical instruction
In response to the tightening emission legislation of marine and stationary engines, Wärtsilä has developed Wärtsilä NOx Reducer, in short, Wärtsilä NOR. Wärtsilä NOR is based on selective catalytic reduction (SCR) technology which has the purpose of nitrogen oxide emissions abatement from exhaust gas. The goal of this thesis was to plan a training area, a training cell, for Wärtsilä NOx Reducer in Wärtsilä Land & Sea Academy Turku Training Centre. The objective was to determine the efforts needed to establish it, the needed equipment and the training possibilities with the cell. In addition, planning of the cell layout and general operating instructions was required. This study was carried out as a project for Wärtsilä Training Development department. It included inspections at the Turku Training Centre, meetings and discussions with technical experts in Wärtsilä, and self-directed planning. The starting point was good since the premises for the training cell were suitable. The old SCR simulator was already on the site, and utilizing the associated equipment and facilities was considered a cost-efficient compromise. The simulator and its components were upgraded to match the current Wärtsilä NOR system. As a result, the thesis forms a proposal for SCR simulator with Wärtsilä NOR equipment, with a possibility to do several various training exercises, including commissioning and maintenance procedures. The layout, including the working areas, is planned as well. The outcome is a preliminary plan to provide support and background information when considering acquiring Wärtsilä NOR simulator equipment.
Emissions from two-stroke engines
Measurement of aromatic compounds in automobile exhaust gases with membrane inlet mass spectrometry equipped with an on-line-probe and an automatic Tenax-Sampler
Automotive handbook
Reciprocating internal combustion engines : determination and method for the measurement of engine power : additional requirements for exhaust emission tests in accordance with ISO 8178.
Computational studies of aerosol growth, formation and measurement in diesel exhaust
Concepts in turbocharging for improved efficiency and emissions reduction
Marine diesel engine exhaust gas system, fouling and corrosion problems
From Waste to Traffic Fuel -projects : final report
Recommendations regarding exhaust emissions measurement : for reciprocating engines and gas turbines "Lubricants" = Recommandations concernant mesures relatives aux polluants dans le gaz d'echappement
Pounder's marine diesel engines and gas turbines : ninth edition
Environmental Effects of Gas Conversion : Engines of Power Plants
Jet propulsion : a simple guide to the aerodynamics [i.e. aerodynamic] and thermodynamic design and performance of jet engines
