http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24519 obligations
obligations
Law of obligations
Dicey, Morris and Collins on the conflict of laws. Volume 1
The death of the Big men and the rise of the big shots : custom and conflict in East New Britain
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 6
English private law
Motor vehicle distribution under Block Exemption Regulation 1400/2002 and Finnish Contracts Act : focus on qualitative features
Personal security (PEL Pers. Sec.)
Dicey and Morris on the conflict of laws
Building competence to manage contractual claims in international construction environment : the case of Finnish contractors
A comparative introduction to the German law of tort
Commercial law
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : draft common frame of reference (DCFR)
Economics of contract law
The death of contract
Securing investors interests in an international Joint Venture co-operation and solving disputes raised between the partners
In search of fairness and rationality : Russian contract law from a Finnish point of view
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 4
Contract law. Vol. 2
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 3
Private international law : a comparative treatise on American international conflicts law, including the law of admiralty. 3 : Special part, obligations (contracts, torts), an outline
Factoring : a comparative analysis : the legal and practical implications of factoring as practised in the United States, England and Denmark
Control over compliance with international law
Human rights in a positive state : rethinking the relationship between positive and negative obligations under the European Convention on Human Rights
Impact of the 2006 M&A rules on structuring options of cross-border private mergers and acquisitions in the People's Republic of China
Contract as promise : a theory of contractual obligation
Certain aspects of civil liability : report drawn up the Sub-committee on Fundamental Legal Concepts set up by the European Committee on Legal Co-operation (CCJ)
Mayne and McGregor on damages
Themes in comparative law : in honor of Bernard Rudden
Studies on the roman law of contract
English and international set-off
Consideration of consumer problems related to mobile services in UK
Open environmental information upon disclosure request in China : the paradox of legal mobilization
Introduction to Turkish law
Security program and policies : principles and practices
Dispute avoidance and European contract law : dealing with divergence
Tort liability under uncertainty
Towards a new lex mercatoria?
Proprietary security in movable assets : (PEL Prop. Sec.)
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 4, Torts : Private and governmental liability for the torts of employees and organs
The common law of obligations
Studies in contract law
Civil liability for defective premises
The law of contract in Scotland
Contract theory
The law of obligations in the later Roman Republic
Migration, remittance, and belonging among African immigrants in Finland
European private international law of obligations : acts and documents of an International Colloquium on the European Preliminary Draft Convention on the Law Applicable to Contractual and Non-Contractual Obligations, held in Copenhagen on April 29 and 30, 1974
Rome regulations : commentary on the European rules of the conflict of laws
Protection of a non-contractual party under the Rotterdam rules
Contract law in perspective
Third party non-signatories an arbitration agreement in international commerce : question of law or factitious theories?
The German law of obligations. Volume 1, The law of contracts and restitution : a comparative introduction
Justification and legitimacy : essays on rights and obligations
Contract notebook
Conflits et harmonisation : mélanges en l'honneur d' Alfred E. von Overbeck à l'occasion de son 65ème anniversaire = Kollision und Vereinheitlichung = Conflicts and harmonization
Contract and organisation : legal analysis in the light of economic and social theory
New german law of obligations : Historical and comparative perspectives
Civil code of the Russian federation : parts one, two and three
Damages claims for infringement of EC Competition Law : from right to damages to practical considerations
The gift and its paradoxes : beyond Mauss
Promises, morals, and law
Contract law. Vol. 1
The law of obligations : Roman foundations of the civilian tradition
Principles of Scottish private law. 2
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 6, Torts : Professional liability
The French law of contract
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 5
Measuring damages in the law of obligations : the search for harmonised principles
Pacta sunt servanda and the different meanings of international commercial conciliation
The German law of torts
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 2
An introduction to the law of contract
Assessing the uncertainties of climate policies and mitigation measures : viewpoints on biofuel production, grid electricity consumption and differentiation of emission reduction commitments
Hardship and its impact on contractual obligations : a comparative analysis
Essays on contract
A historical introduction to the law of obligations
The financial obligation in international law
The German law of obligations. Volume 2, The law of torts : a comparative introduction
Labour law, fundamental rights and social Europe
Context over consent : addressing the status of non-signatories in international commercial arbitration
This is the first volume to comprehensively and systematically study, describe, and theorize the financial obligation created and governed by public international law.    Legal globalization has given rise to a number of financial issues in international law in areas as diverse as development financing, investment protection, compensation of human rights victims, and sovereign debt crises. The claims resulting from the proliferation of financial activity are not limited to those primarily involving financial obligation (e.g. loans and grants) but include secondary obligation resulting from the law on international responsibility. Among the many instances of financial obligation covered in this study, the reader will find inter-State financial transactions, inter-State sale of goods, transnational services such as telecommunications and post, the financial operations of multilateral institutions, loans, grants and guarantees provided by the various international financial institutions, certain financial relations between non-State actors (including natural persons) and States, intergovernmental organizations or other international legal actors, and government loans to international organizations.
The rise and fall of freedom of contract
Long-term gas supply contracts between EU area buyers and third country producers in the continental European gas market : a changing paradigm of contract and pricing structure
A history of the common law of contract : the rise of the action of assumpsit
General principles of the law of obligations
Rome Convention-Rome I Regulation : commentary : new EU conflict-of-laws rules for contractual obligations
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
Price and its validity in sales of goods contracts in Internet between businesses and consumers in England and Finland
International procurement contracts : an introduction
Tort law
An outline of the law of contract
Cheshire and Fifoot's Law of contract
Cheshire & Fifoot's cases on the law of contract
The law of contract
Fathers of the world : essays in rabbinic and patristic literatures
