http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24594 troponins
troponins
Cardiac sarcoidosis and giant cell myocarditis in Finland
Cardiac troponin specific autoantibodies : analytical tools for exploring their impact on cardiac troponin I testing
Novel immunoassays for cardiac troponin I : reducing negative interference from troponin autoantibodies
Nanoparticle-assisted immunoassays for point-of-care testing : with specific interest in minimally interference-prone assays for cardiac troponin I
Perioperative bleeding and use of blood products in coronary artery bypass grafting
Coronary artery disease (CAD) is the leading cause of death in developed countries. In patients with complex CAD, coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) remains the preferred treatment as it can provide long-lasting results. However, CABG carries a significant risk of excessive perioperative bleeding and other complications, which may deteriorate the prognosis. Transfusion of blood products is generally used to compensate blood loss. However, both bleeding and blood transfusions have been shown to be associated with an adverse outcome.This cohort study aimed to clarify the impact of perioperative bleeding and the use of different blood products in the development of perioperative complications in 2,764 patients undergoing isolated CABG. The universal definition of perioperative bleeding classification (UDPB) was employed to stratify the severity of bleeding. Additionally, the impact of storage time of transfused red blood cells (RBCs) on the outcome was investigated.Increased UDPB classes, particularly classes 3 and 4, were associated with significantly poorer immediate and late outcome. RBC transfusion in patients who underwent elective off-pump CABG was independently associated with increased troponin I release indicating myocardial injury. Prolonged storage duration of transfused RBCs did not affect immediate and late outcome of patients with moderate bleeding. The most remarkable risk factors for stroke after off-pump CABG were any degree of atherosclerosis of the ascending aorta as well as transfusion of platelets and/or solvent/detergent-treated plasma.The UDPB classification appears to be a promising research tool to stratify the severity of perioperative bleeding and to assess its prognostic impact after coronary surgery. Prevention of major bleeding that leads to blood transfusion may protect from myocardial injury and stroke and possibly result in better ea rly and late outcomes. Patients with a diseased ascending aorta could be considered at high risk of stroke because of their risk of generalized atherosclerosis. In case of mildly diseased aorta, the “no-touch” aorta policy should be considered with the intention of preventing postoperative stroke.
Novel immunoassays for cardiac troponin I: reducing negative interference from troponin autoantibodies
12-lead electrocardiogram in acute coronary syndrome : association with coronary angiography findings and outcome
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
Summary.
Sensitive troponin assays : diagnostic and prognostic use in cardiology
