http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24581 argumentation theory
argumentation theory
Advances in argumentation theory and research
In Strategic Maneuvering in Argumentative Discourse, Frans H. van Eemeren brings together the dialectical and the rhetorical dimensions of argumentation by introducing the concept of strategic maneuvering. Strategic maneuvering refers to the arguer's continual efforts to reconcile More... aiming for effectiveness with being reasonable. It takes place in all stages of argumentative discourse and manifests itself simultaneously in the choices that are made from the topical potential available at a particular stage, in adaptation to audience demand, and in the use of specific presentational devices. Strategic maneuvering derails when in the specific context in which the discourse takes place a rule for critical discussion has been violated, so that a fallacy has been committed. Van Eemeren makes clear that extending the pragma-dialectical approach to argumentation by taking account of strategic maneuvering leads to a richer and more precise method for analyzing and evaluating argumentative discourse.
Mapping the argumetnt on a vaccine information website : an approach to wicked problems
Practical reasoning in human affairs : studies in honor of Chaim Perelman
Strategic maneuvering in argumentative discourse : extending the pragma-dialectical theory of argumentation
The new rhetoric : a treatise on argumentation
Legal argumentation theory : cross-disciplinary perspectives
The Handbook Argumentation Theory provides an up to date survey of the various theoretical contributions to the development of argumentation theory for all scholars interested in argumentation, informal logic and rhetoric. It describes the historical roots of modern argumentation theory that are still an important theoretical background to contemporary approaches. Because of the complexity, diversity and rate of developments in argumentation theory, there is a real need for an overview of the state of the art, the main approaches that can be distinguished and the distinctive features of these approaches. The Handbook covers classical and modern backgrounds to the study of argumentation, the New Rhetoric developed by Perelman and Olbrechts-Tyteca, the Toulmin model, formal approaches, informal logic, communication and rhetoric, pragmatic approaches, linguistic approaches and pragma-dialectics. The Handbook is co-authored by Frans H. van Eemeren, Bart Garssen, Erik C.W. Krabbe, A. Francisca Snoeck Henkemans, Bart Verheij and Jean Wagemans, who are a coherent and prominent writing team whose expertise covers the whole field. The authors are assisted by an international Editorial Board consisting of outstanding argumentation scholars whose fields of interest are represented in the volume.
Inside arguments : logic and the study of argumentation
Metalinguistic operators with reference to French
Abstract: Mother's care, shared parenthood - and freedom to choose. Argumentation in Finnish parental leave reforms from the 1970's to the 2000s.
Handbook of argumentation theory
Do you know it when you see it? : a study on the judicial legitimacy of the European Court of Human Rights
Law, truth and reason : a treatise on legal argumentation
