http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24533 crisis states
crisis states failed states fragile states
Modernity and the state : East, West
Can government go bankrupt?
Abstract.
Towards a welfare society?
The politics of permanent crisis : class, ideology and state in Turkey
Five hundred million children : poverty and child welfare in the third world
Crisis Management Centre Finland yearbook 2009 on civilian crisis management studies
The financial crisis
Free to choose: a personal statement
Welfare states in transition : national adaptations in global economics
Bailout : an inside account of how Washington abandoned Main Street while rescuing Wall Street
The Finnish banking crisis and its handling : (an update of developments through 1993)
Crisis stability and nuclear war
Fragile states : causes, costs, and responses
Lost decades : the making of America's debt crisis and the long recovery
Social change, social welfare and social science ; Peter Taylor-Gooby
Beyond the welfare state? : the new political economy of welfare
The tragedy of the European Union : disintegration or revival?
Southern European welfare states : between crisis and reform
No way to run an economy : why the system failed and how to put it right
Emergency powers in Asia : exploring the limits of legality
The managerial state : power, politics and ideology in the remaking of social welfare
Federal practice : exploring alternatives for Georgia and Abkhazia
Social policy in challenging times: economic crisis and welfare systems
Buying time : the delayed crisis of democratic capitalism
Integration cycles in the Eurozone stock markets
The post-colonial state and civil war in Sudan : the origins of conflict in Darfur
Nation-building : beyond Afghanistan and Iraq
Financial crises in developed economies : the cases of Sweden and Finland
The logic of discipline : global capitalism and the architecture of government
"The financial and economic crisis that began in 2008 still has the world on tenterhooks. The gravity of the situation is matched by a general paucity of understanding about what is happening and how it started. In this book, based on his 2012 Adorno Lectures given in Frankfurt, Wolfgang Streeck places the crisis in the context of the long neoliberal transformation of postwar capitalism that began in the 1970s. He analyses the subsequent tensions and conflicts involving states, governments, voters and capitalist interests, as expressed in inflation, public debt, and rising private indebtedness. Streeck traces the transformation of the tax state into a debt state, and from there into the consolidation state of today. At the centre of the analysis is the changing relationship between capitalism and democracy, in Europe and elsewhere, and the advancing immunization of the former against the latter"--
The Oxford handbook of comparative politics
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
The real North Korea : life and politics in the failed Stalinist utopia
Myths and facts : Israel or Palestine?
Global finance and the macroeconomy
Implicit government guarantees and bank herding behavior
Managing risks in the European periphery debt crisis : lessons from the trade-off between economics, politics and the financial markets
In August 1998 the Russian Federation was forced to devalue the rouble and declare a moratorium on its debt servicing.Russia was badly hit by unfavourable external conditions, but the main reason for the crisis was the inability of the fiscal authorities to bring the budget deficit under control.When the rouble was devalued, the Russian Federation was unable to meet its domestic or external obligations.The holders of Russia's domestic debt were forced to accept unfavourable restructuring terms, and now also some holders of the old Soviet debt instruments have accepted a significant reduction in the value of their holdings.However, Russia has been willing and able to honour the debts incurred after the Soviet period.Russia's relations with its creditors and international financial institutions have been quite strained in the aftermath of the crisis, and it remains to be seen whether the recent restructuring deal with London Club creditors will mean Russia's re-entry into the international financial markets. .
"This wide-ranging collection offers fresh insights into a critical factor in development and politics on the African continent. It has three primary objectives. First, it critically examines and illustrates the centrality of policing in transition societies in Africa. Secondly, it outlines and assesses the emergence and impact of the diversity of state and non-state policing agencies. Finally, it engages with the nature, scope, and diversity of international interventions for police capacity-building in countries emerging from war as part of security sector reform"--
Public sector shock : the impact of policy retrenchment in Europe
Welfare and citizenship : beyond the crisis of the welfare state?
The world economics and financial crisis
Crisis Management Centre Finland yearbook 2010 on peacebuilding and civilian crisis management studies
Macroeconomic aspects of systemic bank restructuring
1990s economic crisis : the research programme on the economic crisis of the 1990s in Finland: the projects
Crisis management : a new form of nation-building?
Down from the heavens, up from the ashes : the Finnish economic crisis of the 1990s in the light of economic and social research
Central government communications in incidents and emergencies
Boomerang : travels in the new third world
Displacement of social policies
The double crisis of the welfare state and what we can do about it
This paper presents the results of an analytical project on the methodology for assessing and monitoring anti-crisis measures taken by the government of the RF. The paper is based on an analysis of about 100 measures in support of Russia.s real economy that were initiated in October 2008 . March 2009. Within the scope of this analysis, we singled out the main beneficiaries by industry and the size of enterprise, and estimated the effects of the measures underway in the crisis phase and in the phase of a return to economic growth. The paper also gives an account of the major risks the Russian government will face in putting into practice the measures supporting the real economy, and reveals the key problems and inconsistencies of the anti-crisis program. Key words: Russia, anti-crisis measures, economic policy, state subsidies, fiscal policy..
The changing face of welfare
Assessment of policy measures to support Russia's real economy
The banking crisis, banking policy regimes and the value of a bank
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 04/2009, Crisis, crisis, crisis! : finance, economy, ecology, politics.
The lost continent : the BBC's Europe editor on Europe's darkest hour since World War Two
Coping with the economic crisis : alternative responses to economic recession in advanced industrial societies
The Finnish banking crisis and its handling
Stress test : reflections on financial crises
Social policy, the crisis of the work society, and utopias
"The financial crisis keeps us on edge and creates a diffuse sense of helplessness. Well-nigh unfathomable problems lead to measures that seem like emergency operations on the open heart of the Western world, performed with no knowledge of the patient's clinical history. The gravity of the situation is matched by the paucity of our understanding of it, and of how it came about in the first place. In this book, compiled from his Adorno Lectures given in Frankfurt, Wolfgang Streeck lays bare the roots of the present financial, fiscal and economic crisis, seeing it as part of the long neoliberal transformation of postwar capitalism that began in the 1970s. Linking up with the crisis theories of that decade, he analyses the subsequent tensions and conflicts involving states, governments, voters and capitalist interests--a process in which the defining focus of the European state system has shifted from taxation through debt to budgetary "consolidation." The book then ends by exploring the prospects for a restoration of social and economic stability. Buying Time is a model of enlightenment. It shows that something deeply disturbing underlies the current situation: a metamorphosis of the whole relationship between democracy and capitalism"--
The consequences of the crisis of the 1990s to the Nordic welfare state : Finland and Sweden
NATOʼs changing role in the new strategic concept : A legal analysis of NATÒ̀ʼs non-article 5 operations in the light of the Washington treaty and the charter of the United Nations
Crisis
Control of violence : historical and international perspectives on violence in modern societies
Challenges to the nation-state in Africa
States of crisis and post-capitalist scenarios
Discourses on Livy
Statebuilding : consolidating peace after civil war
The Aftermath of the Russian debt crisis
Contemporary crisis of the Nation State?
"Overcoming state fragility is one of the most important international development objectives of the 21st century. Many fragile states have turned into failed states, where millions of people are caught in deprivation and seemingly hopeless conditions. Fragile states lack the authority, legitimacy, and capacity that a modern state needs to advance the development of its peoples, and present deep challenges for the design and implementation of development policy. For instance, how is aid to be designed and delivered in a way that will help people in fragile states if their governments lack capacity to absorb and use aid? And what can be done about adverse side-effects of fragile states on their neighbours and the global community, such as heightened insecurity, rising out-migration, displaced populations, and the destruction of natural resources? This book documents the far reaching global repercussions of state fragility and provides a timely contribution to the international discourse on three dimensions of fragile states: their causes, costs, and the responses required. It will appeal to scholars, policymakers, and donors who are concerned about conflict and development. Its aim is to contribute to our understanding of how strong and accountable states can be fostered-states where government and civil society progressively advance human wellbeing, underpin households' resilience in the face of shocks, and form effective partnerships to maximize the benefits of development assistance."--Publisher's website.
An African perspective on state-building : institutional capabilities and legitimacy of the state
The edge of madness
The impact of economic crisis on public support for the welfare state
National intellectual capital and the financial crisis in Greece, Italy, Portugal, and Spain
Somali state failure : players, incentives and institutions
A-Z of hell : Ross Kemp's how not to travel the world
"When the first rumblings of the coming financial crisis were heard in August 2007, three men who were never elected to public office suddenly became the most powerful men in the world. They were the leaders of the world's three most important central banks: Ben Bernanke of the U.S. Federal Reserve, Mervyn King of the Bank of England, and Jean-Claude Trichet of the European Central Bank. Over the next five years, they and their fellow central bankers deployed trillions of dollars, pounds and euros to try and contain the waves of panic that threatened to bring down the global financial system. Neil Irwin's The Alchemists is both a gripping account of the most intense exercise in economic crisis management we've ever seen, and an insightful examination of the role and power of the central bank. It begins in Stockholm, Sweden, in the seventeenth century, where central banking had its rocky birth, and then progresses through a brisk but dazzling tutorial on how the central banker came to exert such vast influence over our world. It is the story of how these figures and institutions became what they are - the possessors of extraordinary power over our collective fate. What they chose to do with those powers is the heart of the story Irwin tells. Irwin covered the financial crisis for the Washington Post, enjoying privileged access to leading central bankers and the people close to them. His account, based on reporting that took place in 27 cities in 11 countries, is the holistic, truly global story of the central bankers' role in the world economy we have been missing. It is a landmark reckoning with central bankers and their power, with the great financial crisis of our time, and with the history of the relationship between capitalism and the state. Definitive, revelatory, and riveting, The Alchemists shows us where money comes from--and where it may well be going."--Publisher's description
The Russian economy in crisis and transition
Crisis in the Horn of Africa : politics, piracy and the threat of terror
Fixing failed states : a framework for rebuilding a fractured world
Troubled regions and failing states : the clustering and contagion of armed conflicts
Europe in crisis : bolt from the blue?
State of crisis
The great rebalancing : trade, conflict, and the perilous road ahead for the world economy
Critical perspectives on the responsibility to protect : interrogating theory and practice
The Penguin state of the world atlas
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Economic crises and restructuring in history : experiences of small countries
Crisis Management Centre Finland yearbook 2008 on civilian crisis management studies
The new geography of capitalism : firms, finance, and society
Policing in Africa
Retrenchment or renewal? : welfare states in times of economic crisis
The poverty of nations : a guide to the debt crisis - from Argentina to Zaire
Asian societies in comparative perspective : papers presented at the 7th annual conference of the Nordic Association for Southeast Asian Studies, Møn, Denmark, 1990. Vol. 3
International statebuilding and fragile states
The weight of the world : social suffering in contemporary society
Media strategies for marketing places in crisis : improving the image of cities, countries and tourist destinations
"The humanitarian crisis in Darfur, a consequence of the civil war and ongoing violence, has attracted significant international media attention. Here, Noah Bassil offers a re-conception of the conflict in Darfur by examining the origins and progression of the conflict through the broader issue of state failure in post-colonial Sudan. By moving away from a 'localised' view of the conflict, Bassil is able to demonstrate the extent to which the breakdown of social relations in Darfur is interconnected with the wider breakdown of Sudanese and post-colonial societies, offering an examination of the nexus between international, national and local forces. Through its coherent framework for understanding the causes of the civil war that erupted in the Darfur region in 2003, this book provides a unique examination of the conflict and the wider post-colonial situation, making it an important contribution to the fields of History, International Relations and Peace Studies."--Publisher's website.
The Future of welfare : a guide to the debate
The alchemists : inside the secret world of central bankers
War and gold : a five-hundred-year history of empires, adventures and debt
The European social model in crisis : is Europe losing its soul?
"The NHS, education, social care, local government, employment services, social housing and benefits for the poor face major challenges from a government determined to entrench a radical and divisive liberalism permanently in British public life. This book analyses the immediate challenges from headlong cuts that bear most heavily on women, families and the poor, and from a root-and-branch restructuring which will fragment and privatize the bulk of public services. It sets this in the context of escalating inequalities and the longer-term pressures from population ageing. It demonstrates that a more humane and generous welfare state that will build inclusiveness is possible by combining policies that limit child poverty, promote more equal outcomes from health care and education, introduce a greater contributory element into social benefits, invest in better child and elder care and address low wages and workplace rights. It analyses the political forces that can be marshalled to support these shifts and shows that, with political leadership, the welfare state can attract mass support." --Publisher's descrition.
Addressing state fragility in Africa : a need to challenge the established ‘wisdom’?
