http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24518 discharge from liability
discharge from liability release from responsibility exemption from liability freedom from liability
Agency and responsibility : essays on the metaphysics of freedom
The metaphysics of free will : an essay on control
Persönlichkeitsschutz gegenüber Massenmedien = The protection of personality rights against invasions by mass media
Moral responsibility and alternative possibilities : essays on the importance of alternative possibilities
Media law in Denmark
Future of internet news portals after the case of Delfi
Oxford studies in agency and responsibility. Volume 1
Libertarianism : for and against
Summary: Wholehearted and purposefully : sketching conceptual framework of project work.
Rationality + consciousness = free will
Freedom and moral sentiment : Hume's way of naturalizing responsibility
Autonomy and Liberalism
Freedom and the will
Shame and necessity
Manipulation : theory and practice
Did my neurons make me do it? : philosophical and neurobiological perspectives on moral responsibility and free will
Hard luck : how luck undermines free will and moral responsibility
The rediscovery of common sense philosophy
Contract negotiations and the importance of being earnest
Abstract.
Free will : critical concepts in philosophy. Vol. 4, Free agency, moral responsibility, and skepticism
An essay on free will
Free will : critical concepts in philosophy. Vol. 2, Determinism
European product liability directive and manufacturer's liability for defective products in the United States
Freedom and belief
The free development of each : studies on freedom, right, and ethics in classical German philosophy
Personal autonomy : beyond negative and positive liberty
Freedom and responsibility
The origins of responsibility
"Defining Right and Wrong in Brain Science is an authoritative record of the emerging ideas that are defining neuroethics. Edited by University of Calgary philosophy professor Walter Glannon, it is an essential reference for anyone who wants to understand how these issues have taken shape. Contributors include Adina Roskies, writing on neuroethics for the New millennium, Martha J. Farah and Paul Root Wolpe on monitoring and manipulating brain function, Antonio Damasio on the neural basis of social behavior, and Alan Leshner on ethical issues in taking neuroscience research from bench to bedside. Other thinkers represented in this collection are British Medical Research Council Chairman Colin Blakemore, Patricia Smith Churchland, Arthur Caplan, Paul McHugh, and Anjan Chatterjee. This book will be indispensable to readers curious about how discoveries in brain science are stirring up classic - and new - questions of ethics." -- (Dana Press)
Swedish national reports to the 13. International Congress of Comparative Law, Montreal 1990
Free will and moral responsibility
Civic virtues : rights, citizenship, and republican liberalism
The Free Development of Each collects twelve essays on the history of German philosophy by Allen W. Wood, one of the leading scholars in the field. They explore moral philosophy, politics, society, and history in the works of Kant, Herder, Fichte, Hegel, and Marx, and share the basic theme of freedom, as it appears in morality and in politics. All of the essays have been re-edited and revised for this collection, and five are previously unpublished. They are accompanied by an Introduction which sets out the central, philosophical viewpoint of the volume, and a comprehensive bibliography.--
From Milton to McLuhan : the ideas behind American journalism
The essential Chomsky
Hostile takeovers and directors : regulation of takeover defences in Finland, the United Kingdom, the United States and the European Union
Thinking sociologically
Connexity : responsibility, freedom, business and power in the new century
Responsibility and the moral sentiments
Freedom and accountability at work : applying philosophical insight to the real world
Action, intention, and reason
Heidegger and practical philosophy
Rights and the common good : the communitarian perspective
The right to refuse military orders
Living in a less than perfect world : essays in political philosophy
International media liability : civil liability in the information age
Manufacturing discontent : the trap of individualism in corporate society
A fundamentally subversive doctrine : a look at the "social responsibility of business"
Defining right and wrong in brain science : essential readings in neuroethics
The essential communitarian reader
Surgical consent : bioethics and cochlear implantation
Taking rights seriously
Free will : critical concepts in philosophy. Vol. 1, Concepts and challenges
Summary: Wholehearted and purposefully.
Journalists and media accountability : an international study of news people in the digital age
Media accountability is back on the political agenda. Debates about the phone-hacking scandal at Rupert Murdoch's News of the World have shown that the need for free and responsible journalism is more pressing than ever. Opinions, however, differ on the measures that need to be taken. Do existing structures of media accountability - such as press councils, codes of ethics, and ombudspersons - suffice, or do we urgently need new instruments and initiatives in today's converging media world? These questions were tackled in an international survey of 1,800 journalists in twelve European and two Arab states conducted by the EU-funded research project, Media Accountability and Transparency in Europe (MediaAct). The results provide a solid empirical basis for the discussions taking place. This book advances research on media accountability and transparency, and also offers innovative perspectives for newsrooms, media policy-makers, and journalism educators. Its systematic comparative design makes it an unprecedented venture in international journalism studies.
On reflection
Protection of individual rights under EC law
