http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24516 empowerment
empowerment
Empowering older people : an international approach
Independent living : the right to be equal citizens
Empowering muslim girls through sport : a case study of Tanzanian muslim girls' hindrances to physical activity
Leading empowerment : a practical guide to change
Average to A+ : realising strengths in yourself and others
New arenas for community social work practice with urban youth : use of the arts, humanities and sports
Depression in/by /for women : agency, feminism and self-help in groups
Depression in / by / for women : agency, feminism and self-help in groups
Generalist social work practice : an empowering approach
Nursing students' learning about an empowering discourse in patient education
Citizen empowerment : eHealth consumerism in Europe
Changing art : how does art intervene on collective processes contributing to a sociocultural transformation, towards more sustainable relations
Filming a new beginning : designing a new media learning practice by building on the personal interests of families in India
Perceptions of empowerment and power in community development programs : case study of Tanganyika Christian Refugee Service
Youth work ethics
'Legal empowerment of the poor' versus ''Right to the city' : implications for access to housing in urban Africa
Negotiating identities : education for empowerment in a diverse society
Theory and practice of leadership
I as me : making of 2000 & 11 self-portraits / [editor: Ilona Tanskanen ; editorial team: Taina Erävaara ... [et al.] ; photographs: Vesa Aaltonen ... [et al.] ]
Summary.
Exploring experiences of advocacy by people with learning disabilities : testimonies of resistance
Women and empowerment : participation and decision making
Empowerment in action : self-directed groupwork
Art for Empowerment : One-on-one art sessions with dementia patients
Larp politics : systems, theory, and gender in action
Advancing social work in mental health through strenghts-based practice
Protective Measures in Working with People with Intellectual Disabilities : Carers' Views on Protective Measures and Client Participation
Handicap disability learning and living difficulties : policy practice in different european settings
Empowering tribal women in India : the anti-po(w)erty machine?
Perceived employability : antecedents, trajectories and well-being consequences
Participatory methods and empowerment for health and safety work : case studies in Norrbotten, Sweden
Cultural agents and creative arts
Health promotion practice : power and empowerment
Pathways to empowerment
The inner warrior : developing courage for personal and organizational change
Promoting educational equity through teacher empowerment : web-assisted transformative action research as a counter-heteronormative praxis
The more beautiful world our hearts know is possible
Rights based approaches to development in Ethiopia : theory, application and power dynamics
A teaspoon of earth and sea
Strengths based leadership : great leaders, teams, and why people follow
Diaries of family workers: empowerment and working with families with children
"This book breaks new ground in understanding how modern society has shaped women's knowledge system in Africa and deconstructs long-held myths about the position of ordinary women in the construction of knowledge. Using case studies, it historicizes the experiences of ordinary women in Tanzania and looks at how empowerment is used to, paradoxically, eviscerate women's knowledge systems"--Provided by publisher.
Abstract: The object of this bachelor's thesis was to study the prevalence of actualized protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior as well as to clarify carers' views on protective measures and client participation, and whether there are possibilities for empowerment. The setting for the study was Kuusela, a department offering care, guidance and rehabilitation to adults with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior. The theoretical framework for this study was based on values of the social field and the operating environment of Kuusela and how empowerment can be reached through participation and the right to subjectivity, self-determination, and dialog. Methods in acquiring the essential information were both qualitative and quantitative. Data on the prevalence of actualized protective measures was gathered through a documentary analysis. Data on carers' views on protective measures and client participation were gathered through a questionnaire consisting of a set of questions that were to be answered according to the Likert scale. The questionnaire also included two open-ended questions that required a written answer. The data were analysed according to qualitative content analysis. The results showed that the number of actualized protective measures had decreased from the year 2008 to 2010. Results on the carers' views showed that protective measures are needed and justified in their work. Although they seem conscious of the inhabitants' right to participatory working methods, it was not seen clearly in the everyday life. Obstacles in the implementation of this right were seen as being related to the inhabitants' shortcomings and the carers' attitudes and know-how. It can be concluded that continuous reflection on values and models of action is needed in order for the inhabitants' participation to be respected and implemented and for empowerment to be possible. The results showed that learning by living should be heightened through open professional discussions. The inhabitants' shortcomings should be dealt with in a professional manner and attitudes and knowledge on addressing these shortcomings should be dealt with through discussion and possibly through further training.
Feminine empowerment in Cathy Kelly's romance novels Never too late, Someone like you, Just between us
Empowerment : a challenge of non-governmental organizations in development cooperation partnerships
The majority of great innovative ideas are not discovered in a laboratory by a group of brilliant minds, nor in the executive office by the top managers. The people that deal with the company's problems, analyze the competition and service the guests on a daily base are the ones that come up with the great ideas. This fact is often overlooked by senior management who thinks that the people working under them do not understand what the company needs. The main objective of this thesis is to highlight that the regular employees of an organization play a crucial role in the innovative process, in the form of employee- driven innovations. Furthermore, the need for change that comes with having an innovative company is emphasized. The thesis in front of you isn't a conventional researched based thesis, but rather a product-oriented thesis, meaning that no qualitative or quantitative research is done. Instead the theoretical framework is the base of the product, supplemented with personal ideas, case examples and adapted views of industry professionals. The thesis product is a guide which helps managers in creating an environment where EDI can flourish, and it also contains practical tips. As can be concluded, the majority of companies with the goal of being innovative have a big chance of succeeding, as long as they abandon most of the existing idea generat-ing processes. The guide is a great starting point for managers who want to change their organization from the core and who are ready to change their existing behavior. Not only does the company of tomorrow need to promote self direction instead of management, but it also needs to loosen up and allow mistakes to be made.
Protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities: carers' views on protective measures and client participation
Strengthening civil society organisations : studying mechanisms of CSO empowerment
The big book of leadership games : quick, fun activities to improve communication, increase productivity, and bring out the best in your employees
A journey towards empowerment & the status of single women in Nepal
Indigenous studies and engaged anthropology : the collaborative moment
Connecting internal communication and organizational engagement : an employee-centered perspective
Social media and women of the Arab Spring : effects of social media on Egyptian women's participation in the revolution
Our place, my future and their project : reflecting children's lifeworld in education for sustainable development
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
Complexities of project interactions in Nicaraguan rural development
Theorising empowerment : individual power and community care
Transforming pain to power : unlock your unlimited potential
Self help group: an approach to women empowerment in Chhattisgarh
Craftmaking designers : creativity and empowerment through craft workshops
Empowerment evaluation principles in practice
The seven-day weekend : a better way to work in the 21st century
Empowering patient education : development of educational intervention for school-age children with type 1 diabetes and their parents
Disability, liberation, and development
Self-esteem games : 300 fun activities that children feel good about themselves
Sustainability evaluation of Indian Eco-Village Development -Project
Go and see yourself : Lean philosophy in theory and practice
"The challenge of urban deprivation and exclusion in the urban South has given rise to varied and shifting policies and ideas. Two sets of ideas have gained great currency in recent years in international policy and academic circles. The Legal Empowerment of the Poor approach, rooted in neoliberal thinking, focuses on the legal rights of the urban poor as the means to secure access to basic services and needs. The Right to the City perspective, on the other hand, stresses issues of citizenship and the appropriation and uses of urban space. This Policy Dialogue analyses the different ideological and normative foundations of the two perspectives and discusses how they lead to different policy formulations. It then takes a closer look at how the two perspectives find expression in contemporary discussions on and approaches to access to housing in urban Africa. To this end, it compares what each approach identifies as the source of the problem and recommends as the policy solution." --Publisher's description.
Democratizing inequalities : dilemmas of the new public participation
Abstract: This final project was realised in co-operation with the Ageing Migrants-activity, which functions under The Central Union for the Welfare of the Aged. This is a functional final project, which consists of a handbook for the instructors working with elderly Somalis in Finland with the aim of supporting the empowerment of the clients. The instructor's handbook is designed to be used together with a handbook for elderly Somalis.    The theoretical framework was empowerment through awakening. This report explains how empowerment and the instructor's role together with the product of the final project can help the elderly Somalis to cope in certain everyday situations in Finland. The report explains the process of the handbooks; initial planning, making, testing, evaluating, finalizing, marketing and distributing it as well as future possibilities of the product.    The client's handbook was done according to simplified language principles by using Finnish and Somali. It was desined to be used both with illiterate and literate clients. The instructor's handbook includes the same material as the client's handbook and instructions for implimenting the group sessions.    The results of testing the handbooks showed that the product supports the empowerment of elderly Somalis. Future possibilities would be to translate the handbooks into different languages and to change them to suit different cultures for using the product with other client groups.
The Five Percenters : Islam, hip hop and the gods of New York
Women's bank in Peru : microcredit and the empowerment of women
'I won't have time to be lonely,' Lisa snapped. 'I have a career to think of.' : empowerment and agency in Sushi for Beginners and The Other Side of the Story by Marian Keyes
Craftmaking designers: creativity and empowerment through craft workshops
Empowering your pupils through role-play : exploring emotions and building resilience
Psychological empowerment of service employees : a case study
Re-embodied : young women, the body quest and agency in the culture of appearances
Microcredit and women's empowerment : does microcredit promote the borrowers to participate in the household decision-making process in Bangladesh?
Deliberate receiving : finally, the universe makes some freakin' sense!
Empowering songwriting: / an  art-oriented method used with the youth in Viertola reception home
Companies need to be ever more efficient and at the same time provide an attractive and motivating work environment. Yet, development requires change and change calls for actions. What happens when such actions, that derive from an improvement methodology originally created to serve production environment, are implemented in an organization representing today's service industry? This master thesis aimed at explaing implementation of Lean philosophy as well as employee perceptions of the resulted changes in a real-life context of a service organization. The objectives of this master thesis were to describe how a Lean project was implemented in the target organization, how and to what extent Lean methodology described in literature was utilized, how employees found the actual Lean project and the resulted changes in the work environment, as well as to present improvement ideas for similar future projects in the target organization. The theory element of the study explored the principles, methods and tools of Lean found in the literature and the practical element studied how the project was conducted in real life. The chosen actions against theory and the way employees found the project and the resulted changes were analyzed. The research was qualitative and was conducted as a case study with interviews as the primary data collection method. The findings of the research showed that Lean can be successfully implemented in a service environment when viewed from both theoretical and practical standpoint. The employees found the Lean project phase partly as stressful, hasty and sudden but also as efficient, supportive for learning, variable, well facilitated, fun and open. Improvement aspects of more time for preparations, truer communication, and more encouragement were brought forth. The perceptions of the actual changes in the workplace were partly linked to confusion, lack of general view and formality but also to improved areas of communication, organizing and learning. Recommendations for future projects included aspects of more precise communication regarding both the increased workload during the project and employees' and managers' roles in a Lean-type organization, celebrating events of success, preparations for future process optimization as well as maintaining the areas perceived positively by the employees.
Community of the future : challenges and new approaches to communtiy based social work and diaconia from the CABLE approach
Indigenous responses to neocolonialist policies : “stop the political games!”
Empowerment and participation - grassroots democracy by Roma and non-Roma women : baseline study of the Roma community in Valea Seaca, Romania
Beyond women's empowerment in Africa : exploring dislocation and agency
"Poor people are like Bonsai trees" : an analysis of Muhammad Yunus' thoughts on microcredit, poverty and the poor
Promoting Educational Equity through Teacher Empowerment:web-assisted Transformative Action Research as a Counter-Heteronormative Praxis
Salsa, soul, and spirit : leadership for a multicultural age
Transformative coaching : a learning theory for practice
Two leadership consultants identify three keys to being a more effective leader: knowing your strengths and investing in others' strengths, getting people with the right strengths on your team, and understanding and meeting the four basic needs of those who look to you for leadership.
Making a difference in women's lives? : case study of women's empowerment programme in Rajasthan
Empowerment evaluation : knowledge and tools for self-assessment, evaluation capacity building, and accountability
Our place, my future and their project:reflecting children’s lifeworld in education for sustainable development
"When girls don't have to work that much they are doing better in school" : ethnographic case study on girls participation in Nepalese village school
An analysis of participants’ experiences of HELMO workshops
Redeveloping communication for social change : theory, practice, and power
Human resource management in organisations : the theory and practice of high performance
Voices of Europe : comparative studies of disabled people
Study guide with practice tests for Generalist social work practice : an empowering approach
The politics of multicultural encounters : feminist postcolonial perspectives
Yoga and body image : 25 personal stories about beauty, bravery & loving your body
Empowering practice? : a critical appraisal of the family group conference approach
Mastering self-leadership : empowering yourself for personal excellence
A new role for fashion designers in the apparel industry : a facilitatior
Conceptualizing and counteracting the bullying dynamic : classroom and school contexts matter
The 50th law
Empowering children to cope with difficulty and build muscles for mental health
Governing the poor : exercises of poverty reduction, practices of global aid
Inside-out wellness : the wisdom of mind/body healing
Control in an age of empowerment
Black empowerment : social work in oppressed communities
Fashion openness : applying an open source philosophy to the paradigm of fashion
Design when social enterprises arise : design for sustainable development in Guatemala through social enterprises
Mobile phones and women's empowerment : Mhealth use in West Jakarta
The everyday womanhood : a methodological journey to an entwined process
Empowering patient education programme : examples of reviews conducted in education
Technologies of Citizenship in the Finnish EU-Funded Empowerment Projects
Dive deeper in peer groups of disabled women
Empowerment, lifelong learning and recovery in mental health : towards a new paradigm
Holacracy : the new management system for a rapidly changing world
Empowering women through microcredit : the case of Nepal
Globalization and money : a global South perspective
Empowering asylum seekers : developing good practice
Women and power in postconflict Africa
Understanding and operationalising empowerment
Women's Empowerment in Finn Church Aid Project Documents
The physics of vulnerability is simple: If we are brave enough often enough, we will fall. This is a book about what it takes to get back up and how owning our stories of disappointment, failure, and heartbreak gives us the power to write a daring new ending. Struggle can be our greatest call to courage and Rising Strong, our clearest path to deeper meaning, wisdom and hope.
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
The pedagogy of empowerment : community schools as a social movement in Egypt
Employee-driven innovation : the manager's guide to EDI
The Role of mobile phones in empowering rural residents : study in Katakwi district, Uganda
