http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24502 spirits (supernatural beings)
spirits (supernatural beings)
The falling sky : words of a Yanomami shaman
Conceiving spirits : birth rituals and contested identities among Laujé of Indonesia
The return
Contemporary pagan and native faith movements in Europe : colonialist and nationalist impulses
Rebel of the Sands
The round house
The sacred history : how angels, mystics and higher intelligence made our world
Mugen spiral : The complete two-volume series
Neverwhere
The key
R.L. Stine's mostly ghostly : have you met my ghoulfriend?
Son of a gun : a memoir
Ghost hunting
Let your spirit guides speak : a simple guide for a life of purpose, abundance and joy
Umineko when they cry. Episode 1 : Legend of the golden witch 1
Sisters of blood and spirit
Songs for the spirits : music and mediums in modern Vietnam
The girls : a novel
Supernatural : writings on an unknown history
Redemption in indigo : a novel
Dammed divinities : the water powers at Bujagali Falls, Uganda
Natsume's book of friends. Volume 6
Torment
Biographical dictionary of twentieth-century philosophers
Insidious : chapter 3
Sea of shadows
The vanir : an obituary
Lobster Johnson [Vol. 2] : The burning hand
How forests think : toward an anthropology beyond the human
Umineko when they cry. Episode 3, Banquet of the golden witch. 1
"Explores what it is like to live in a world where cannibal witches are undeniably real, yet too ephemeral and contradictory to be an object of belief. In a book based on more than three years of fieldwork between 1991 and 2011, Nils Bubandt argues that cannibal witches for people in the coastal, and predominantly Christian, community of Buli in the Indonesian province of North Maluku are both corporeally real and fundamentally unknowable"--
R.L. Stine's mostly ghostly
Accompanying DVD-ROM contains "Slaves of the Saints" (64 min.).
Ritual and belief in Morocco. Volume I
Strategic management and marketing strategy in insurance companies : case: China Life Insurance Company Limited in Shifang
Wish. 1
Fall of the multiverse
The forthcoming 20-year period offers an unprecedented opportunity for spiritual growth. For the first time since the Golden Era of Atlantis, those who are ready can be bathed in ninth-dimensional frequencies to accelerate the ascension process. In this book, Diana Cooper and Tim Whild share their incredible knowledge of the Golden Era of Atlantis and offer information, exercises and meditations to become an Enlightened Master in this lifetime. They connect you to the highest frequency dragons, unicorns, angels and great Ascended Masters who are assisting you from many universes to move into your true potential. The entire book vibrates at the fifth to seventh dimensions, interwoven with incredible shining ninth-dimensional threads. Lord Kuthumi, the World Teacher, takes you into his 12 teaching temples where he and great Universal Angels and Masters take you on a training course into enlightenment and mastery. In addition, many of the greatest masters who serve our planet share their secrets and assistance. Lord Voosloo, the highest frequency High Priest to have served in Atlantis, has allowed us to access his incredible energy to take the reader to the highest levels now achievable on planet Earth. This book is a must-read for those who wish to fulfil their soul missions in this life and serve Gaia in the fifth dimension and beyond.
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
Song for a scarlet runner
Animism in rainforest and tundra : personhood, animals, plants and things in contemporary Amazonia and Siberia
Natsume's book of friends. Volume 5
The empty seashell : witchcraft and doubt on an Indonesian island
Legend of the scarlet blades
The restorer
Daylight saving
Kushiel's justice : Treason's heir: book two
Relatedness and alterity in Bentian human-spirit relations
Wish. 2
From bad to cursed : a Bad girls don't die novel
The world's most haunted places : from the secret files of ghostvillage.com
Yōkai attack! : The Japanese monster survival guide
Empire of night
Wolf brother
Reinventing Chinese tradition : the cultural politics of late socialism
Natsume's book of friends. Volume 3
The (de)construction of mythic ethnography I : is every þurs in verse a þurs?
Castle in the air
Banshees, werewolves, vampires, and other creatures of the night : facts, fictions, and first-hand accounts
Look back!
Becoming Jinn
The black book of modern myths
How like a god : deification in Japanese religion
Southern gods
Demon hunts
The liminal people : a novel
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
R.L. Stine's mostly ghostly : one night in doom house
Ritual and belief in Morocco
Thorn Jack : a night and nothing novel
Buried thunder
Wish. 3
Natsume's book of friends. Volume 1
Lobster Johnson [Vol. 1] : The iron Prometheus
Shutter box. Book 1, Orientation, Damien, Adrien, and the running of the hyperpans
As dead as it gets
The (de)construction of mythic ethnography II : Hrimþurs and cosmogony (a contrbution to the Vanir debate)
What she left behind
Long-term tracheostomy : outcome, cannula care and material wear
The Kachina and the White man : the influences of White culture on the Hopi Kachina cult
The yellow houses
Natsume's book of friends. Volume 2
Apocalypse now now
Apparitions : ghosts of Old Edo
Natsume's book of friends. Volume 4
Ouija : origin of evil
Archivist Wasp : a novel
The Boggart
Shadows cast by stars
The girls
"The damming of Bujagali Falls, located only 8 kilometers north of the historic source of the White Nile or the outlet of Lake Victoria, has been seen as one of the most controversial dams in modern times. In 2012, the dam was eventually inaugurated after years of anti-dam opposition and delays. A unique aspect of the controversies was the river spirit Budhagaali living in the falls blocking the dam and opposing the destruction of the waterfalls. This spirits embodies a particular healer - Jaja Bujagali, but he was bypassed by another healer who conducted no less than three grandiose appeasement and relocation ceremonies for the Budhagaali spirit clearing the way for the dam. Why has this particular dam been so controversial? How can a water spirit block a nearly billion dollar dam? What was the ritual drama behind the construction of the dam and is it possible to move a spirit? And what happened to Budhagaali and the indigenous religion after the falls were flooded and can a river spirit be drowned in its own element - water?" --Provided by publisher.
Hunted
The archangel guide to enlightenment and mastery : living in the fifth dimension
Children into swans : fairy tales and the pagan imagination
The blood dimmed tide
Umineko when they cry. Episode 4, Alliance of the golden witch. 1
A brief history of angels and demons
Umineko when they cry. Episode 2, Turn of the golden witch. 2
No dress rehearsal
Holy harlots : femininity, sexuality, and black magic in Brazil
The seven tengu scrolls : evil and the rhetoric of legitimacy in medieval Japanese Buddhism
The healing landscapes of Central and Southeastern Siberia
House of shadows
Wish. 4
Cave and cosmos : shamanic encounters with another reality
Mostly ghostly : have you met my ghoulfriend?
What dreams may come
Life after death : the diffusion of Swedish life insurance - dynamics of financial and social modernization 1830-1950
War and shadows : the haunting of Vietnam
The haunting in Connecticut, 2 : ghosts of Georgia
Queen of kings
The conjuring 2
Servant of the bones
Umineko when they cry. Episode 1 : Legend of the golden witch 2
Gender, song, and sensibility : folktales and folksongs in the highlands of New Guinea
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Forest of ruin
Umineko when they cry. Episode 2, Turn of the golden witch. 1
Rebel of the sands
The dancing goddesses : folklore, archaeology, and the origins of European dance
Magical consciousness : an anthropological and neurobiological approach
The amazing screw-on head and other curious objects
A postapocalyptic ghosthunter escapes her dire fate by joining the ghost of a supersoldier on his quest to the underworld.
