http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24507 Sanskrit literature
Sanskrit literature
Avadānaçataka : a century of edifying tales belonging to the Hīnayāna. Vol. 1-2
Three Sanskrit texts on Caitya worship : in relation to the Ahorātravrata
The Meghadūta of Kālidāsa
The Sauptikaparvan : being the tenth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
Ramacarita by Sandhyākara Nandī
A catalogue of South Indian Sanskrit manuscripts (especially those of the Whish collection) belonging to the Royal Asiatic Society of Great Britain and Ireland
Abhijñāna-Śakuntalam : a synthetic study (with about 30,000 quotations & references)
Selections from classical Sanskrit literature : with English translation and notes
A concise history of classical Sanskrit literature
The cane groves of Narmada River : erotic poems from old India
The Narmamālā of Kṣemendra : critical edition, study and translation
Phiṭsūtras of Śāntanava
Adhyātmarāmāyanam : text with introduction & English translation
Composing a tradition: concepts, techniques and relationships : proceedings of the First Dubrovnik International Conference on the Sanskrit epics and purānas, August 1997 = Stvaranje predaje: pojmovi, umijeća i odnosi
Veda-lakṣaṇa Vedic ancillary literature : a descriptive bibliography
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol 1, [Kānda 1 : Pra'snas 1-3]
On the pratyaya rules of Ratnākaraśānti
The Udyogaparvan : being the fifth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
Anekārtha-Tilaka of Mahīpa
Niṣpannayogāvalī of Mahāpaṇḍita Abhayākaragupta
The Virātaparvan : being the fourth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
The Sahāparvan : being the second book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
Phantasies of a love-thief : the Caurapañcāśikā attributed to Bilhana
The two first chapters of the Daśasāhasrikā prajñāpāramitā : restoration of the Sanskrit text, analysis, and index
Two yamaka poems of Vāsudeva : Vāsudevayamakakāvyayugalam
The Karnaparvan : being the eighth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol. 6, [Kānda 5 : Pra'snas 1-4]
Poems from the Sanskrit
Epic and Purānic bibliography : (up to 1985) : annotated and with indexes
The Ramayana of Valmiki.. Vol 1
The Kāvya-portions in the Kathā-literature (Pañcatantra, Hitopadeśa, Vikramacarita, Vetālapañcaviṁśatikā, and Sukasaptati) : an analysis
Saddharmalankv̄atārasūtram
Jaiminiya-Brahmana : of the Samaveda
The Ramayana of Valmiki.. Vol 3
Bodhicaryāvatāra of Śāntideva : with the commentary Pañjikā of Prajñākaramati
The Trikāndaçesha : a collection of Sanskrit nouns
The Narasimha Purānam : a study
Sāhityadarpana : (Paricchedas I, II, X Arthālankāras) with exhaustive notes
Six Sanskrit plays : in English translation
Kālidāsa's Meghadūta : edited from manuscripts with the commentary of Vallabhadeva and provided with a complete Sanskrit-English vocabulary
The Ādiparvan : being the first book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India. Part 1-2
'Sāradīyākhya-nāmamālā of Harsakīrti
A history of Sanskrit literature
Vedāntasāra of Sadānanda : ed. with the commentaries of Nr̥siṃhasarashvatī and Rāmatīrtha
The Narasimha Purānam : study, text with English translation, śloka index
The Āśramavāsikaparvan : being the fifteenth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
The Āranyakaparvan : being the third book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India. Part 1-2
The Śāntiparvan : being the twelfth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India. Part 1-3B
POEMS FROM THE SANSKRIT
The Mālavikāgnimitram of Kālidāsa : with the commentary of Kātayavema, various readings, introduction, translation into English and critical and explanatory notes
The Panchatantra-text of Purnabhadra : critical introduction and list of variants
The Ramayana of Valmiki.. Vol 2
The Ā'svamedhikaparvan : being the fourteenth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
Epic undertakings
The Bhagavadgītā
Literary history of Sanskrit Buddhism : (from Winternitz, Sylvain Levi, Huber)
The Abhijänānaśākuntalam of Kālidāsa : with the commentary of Rāghavabhaṭṭa, various readings, introduction, literal translation, exhaustive notes and appendices
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol. 9, [Kānda 6 : Pra'snas 5-6], [Kānda 7 : Pra'snas 1-3]
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol. 8, [Kānda 6 : Pra'snas 1-4]
Śataka-trayam of Bhartr̥hari
Plays ascribed to Bhāsa : original thirteen texts in Devanāgarī
Saga of seven mothers : Satīsaptakam
Mallinātha : a study
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol. 3, [Kānda 1 : Pra'snas 7-8], [Kānda 2 : Pra'snas 1-2]
The Dronaparvan : being the seventh book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India. Part 1-2
Rāmāyaṇa of Vālmīki : India's national epic,. Fasc. 1
A new abridged version of the Bṛhaspati-saṁhitā of the Garuḍa Purāṇa
Secondary tales of the two great epics
Skrikrsnavijayam, Nalodaya : text with introduction & English translation
Sanskrit theory of drama and dramaturgy : the theory of the Saṁdhis and the Saṁdhyaṅgas in Bharata's Naṭyaśāstra
Vikramorvasie or The hero and the nymph
The purānas
The Amaramandana of Krsnasūri
A new history of Sanskrit literature
Astasāhasrikā prajñāpāramitā : with Haribhadra's commentary called Āloka
The Bhīsmaparvan : being the sixth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
Mahāyāna-sūtrālankāra of Asanga
Some thoughts on Indian aesthetics and literary criticism : (special lectures)
Social conscience in Sanskrit literature
New essays in the Bhagavadgītā : philosophical, methodological, and cultural approaches
The Śalyaparvan : being the ninth book of the Mahābhārata the great epic of India
'Siksāsamuccaya of sāntideva
Madhyamakaśāstra of Nāgārjuna : with the commentary: Prasannapadā by Candrakīrti
The Indian heritage : an anthology of Sanskrit literature
Rāmāyana in China : 1. Jātaka of an unnamed king translated into Chinese from an original Indian text by K'ang-Seng-Hui in 251 a.d., 2. Nidāna of king "Ten-luxuries" translated into Chinese from an original Indian text by Kekaya in 472 a.d
The Bhagavad Gītā. Part 2, Interpretation and Arnold's translation
