http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24540 energy consumption (metabolism)
energy consumption (metabolism)
Effects of gradual weight reduction on body composition, hormone concentrations, acid-base balance and power performance in male athletes
"Calories--too few or too many--are the source of health problems affecting billions of people in today's globalized world. Although calories are essential to human health and survival, they cannot be seen, smelled, or tasted. They are also hard to understand. In Why Calories Count, Marion Nestle and Malden Nesheim explain in clear and accessible language what calories are and how they work, both biologically and politically. As they take readers through the issues that are fundamental to our understanding of diet and food, weight gain, loss, and obesity, Nestle and Nesheim sort through a great deal of the misinformation put forth by food manufacturers and diet program promoters. They elucidate the political stakes and show how federal and corporate policies have come together to create an "eat more" environment. Finally, having armed readers with the necessary information to interpret food labels, evaluate diet claims, and understand evidence as presented in popular media, the authors offer some candid advice: Get organized. Eat less. Eat better. Move more. Get political"--Provided by publisher.
Causes and consequences of individual variation in energy turnover rates
Energy in nature and society : general energetics of complex systems
Seasonal variation in migratory body condition, corticosterone secretion, oxidative stress and biotransformation activity in barn swallows (Hirundo rustica l.)
Characterization of functional brown adipose tissue in adult humans
Why calories count : from science to politics
Performance nutrition : applying the science of nutrient timing
Analysis of personal health monitoring data for physical activity recognition and assessment of energy expenditure, mental load and stress
50 ways to boost your metabolism
Wintering strategy of the boreal raccoon dog (Nyctereutes procyonoides) : applications to farming practice
Effects of military training on aerobic fitness, serum hormones, oxidative stress and energy balance, with special reference to overreaching
Exercise physiology : nutrition, energy and human performance
Blends theory with applied content and real-life examples to help nutritionists, coaches, and athletes design nutrition plans based on each athlete's individual needs and the specific demands of the sport.
The 20-minute body : 20 minutes, 20 days, 20 inches
The effects of exercising in the cold on energy metabolism, skeletal muscle tissue oxygenation and immuno-endocrine responses
Assessment of physical activity in normal daily life using shorts with embedded EMG electrodes
