http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24563 needs assessment
needs assessment
Mastering whole family assessment in social work : balancing the needs of children, adults and their families
GIS for health organizations
Mastering the requirements process : getting requirements right
Finnish government official's perception of their language skills 1993-1994. Anni Walder
English language needs and language proficiency of academic professionals as a basis for developing language training : a case study of environmental researchers
High-level requirements for à la carte restaurant point of sale and inventory management systems
Forestry GIS : the next step : proceedings from the Geographic Information Systems Conference March 9-11 1988.
This text offers a practical and comprehensive guide for practitioners who are responsible for: Introducing a training program, Creating adult education programs, Assessing the development needs of a workforce, Improving individual, group, organization, or interorganizational performance in the workplace, Implementing community, national, or international development interventions. Designed as a resource for practitioners, this book is filled with how-to information, tips, and case studies. It shows how to use data-based needs assessments to frame people-related problems and performance-improvement opportunities, obtain support from those who are affected by the changes, make effective decisions, and increase efficiency. The book details four approaches to needs assessment-knowledge and skill assessment, job and task analysis, competency-based needs assessment, and strategic needs assessment. It also describes techniques for collecting and analyzing data, strategies for managing a needs assessment, ethical guidelines, models and theories, and frequently asked questions.
Product development : drivers, stakeholders, and customer representation during early development
Using English at work : a material package for the staff at ABC service stations
Summary: Knowledge and research in child protection. The experts' point of view.
Towards better usability : usability and end-user participation in healthcare information technology systems development
How libraries make tough choices in difficult times : purposeful abandonment
An analysis of the influence of water and nutrient deficiencies on the spectral signature of barley : field measurements in the wavelength range 0.4-2.3 m
A practical guide to needs assessment
Listening to the customer : case: company X
How do you balance the needs of both children and adults, and keep the whole family in mind when carrying out social work assessments? Mastering Whole Family Assessment in Social Work brings together what social workers in adult and children services need to know about assessments across both services. With tools and frameworks that make sense of the interface between adult problems, parenting capacity and children's safety, this practical guide will help social workers to think across professional and administrative divides and consider the well-being of the whole family when conducting and interpreting assessments. Practice vignettes and exercises for the reader are included throughout the book. This guide will help social workers to think holistically and work collaboratively both with each other and with families.
Mastering the requirements process
Customer need mapping for an on-line optical particle analyser in the mineral processing industry
