http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24546 members
members
The last whisper in the dark : a novel
Sex, gender and the Conservative Party : from Iron Lady to Kitten Heels
Biographical dictionary of the Comintern
List of members and scale of agency fee
Developing the Membership of a B-to-B Youth Travel Organization : Case WYSE Travel Confederation
Authority
Finnair plus newsletter : news for Finnair plus -members
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 1998, October: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Is gerontocracy possible?
Jotailan jutut : family bulletin
You never give me your money : the Beatles after the breakup
List of members
Shamrock
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list. 1996, April
The Helsinki diplomatic list. November 2002 : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Enabling social Europe
This study examined the extent to which farmer cooperatives enjoy social capital within their memberships as they become internationalised. The empirical basis was a survey of farmers in Finland. Findings from limited dependent variable regression models suggest that one group of farmers is loyal to the cooperative and opposes its foreign investments. A second and a third group have lower levels of social capital and switch membership status between multiple cooperatives or opt out of cooperatives. These farmers welcome international investment. This finding was more significant for individual farm types than the social capital-linked opposition to internationalisation. A general conclusion is that the internationalization of cooperatives seems affect the members' trust in the cooperative differently. The increasing heterogeneity within the memberships may give rise to governance problems.
The last kind words : a novel
Politics and the elderly people in Finland
"An eye-opening account of how the hidden rise of personalization on the Internet is controlling-and limiting-the information we consume.  In December 2009, Google began customizing its search results for each user. Instead of giving you the most broadly popular result, Google now tries to predict what you are most likely to click on. According to MoveOn.org board president Eli Pariser, Google's change in policy is symptomatic of the most significant shift to take place on the Web in recent years-the rise of personalization. In this groundbreaking investigation of the new hidden Web, Pariser uncovers how this growing trend threatens to control how we consume and share information as a society-and reveals what we can do about it.  Though the phenomenon has gone largely undetected until now, personalized filters are sweeping the Web, creating individual universes of information for each of us. Facebook-the primary news source for an increasing number of Americans-prioritizes the links it believes will appeal to you so that if you are a liberal, you can expect to see only progressive links. Even an old-media bastion like The Washington Post devotes the top of its home page to a news feed with the links your Facebook friends are sharing. Behind the scenes a burgeoning industry of data companies is tracking your personal information to sell to advertisers, from your political leanings to the color you painted your living room to the hiking boots you just browsed on Zappos.  In a personalized world, we will increasingly be typed and fed only news that is pleasant, familiar, and confirms our beliefs-and because these filters are invisible, we won't know what is being hidden from us. Our past interests will determine what we are exposed to in the future, leaving less room for the unexpected encounters that spark creativity, innovation, and the democratic exchange of ideas.  While we all worry that the Internet is eroding privacy or shrinking our attention spans, Pariser uncovers a more pernicious and far- reaching trend on the Internet and shows how we can- and must-change course. With vivid detail and remarkable scope, The Filter Bubble reveals how personalization undermines the Internet's original purpose as an open platform for the spread of ideas and could leave us all in an isolated, echoing world"--
Biography and social exclusion in Europe : experiences and life journeys
The colour thief : a family's story of depression
Combating cult mind control
Fresh! : the official magazine of the Department of English at the University of Jyväskylä
Clarice Bean, that's me
Security and defence aspects of the Republic of Serbia's accession to the European Union
The Helsinki diplomatic list. May 2003 : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Recent demographic developments in the member states of the Council of Europe
Amity & Sorrow
From cold war to common currency : a personal perspective on Finland and the EU
The past
No time for goodbye
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 2000, May: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
What Alice forgot
Poppet gets two big brothers
Abstract: The political conceptions of the National Coalition Party (conservatives) and the Social Democratic Party in Finland in 1960-1970 with the manner of narrating stories.
The EU countries
The Helsinki diplomatic list. November 2003 : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Voice! : international skinhead magazine
How family members perceive each other : political and social attitudes in two generations
Identities and regions : exploring spatial narratives, legacies and practices with civic organizations in England and Finland
Councillor turnover in local elections - a result of voters' rational choice?
The Election of the European Parliament 2004 : A research concerning representation and proportionality in the European Parliament
Guys, gangs, and girlfriend abuse
Directory of Japanese Society of Plant Physilogists
Family careers : developmental change in families
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 1998, April: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
The good girl
The art of membership : how to attract, retain, and cement member loyalty
Dark places : a novel
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 2002, May: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
The lowland
The enigma of membership : a sociological study of membership in a Finnish consumer co-operative
My family and I = Mi familia y yo
Zilliacus : a life for peace and socialism
Yours truly : annual bulletin for the members of Suomen englanninopettajat ry, Engelsklärarna i Finland rf, The Association of Teachers of English in Finland
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
Understanding the significance of EU higher education policy cooperation in Finnish higher education policy
The Helsinki diplomatic list. May 2006 : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list. 1996, October
The green road
Floppy Ears
The Helsinki diplomatic list. November 2005 : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Towards explaining the tasks and roles of the boards of directors : the role of contextual, behavioural and social identification factors
Who's in my family? : all about our families
Olga Romanov : russia's last grand duchess
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list. 1997, April
The international handbook of labour unions : responses to neo-liberalism
Bella's new baby
Scrapped
Membership directory 1999-2000 : 75th anniversary ISA 1924-1999
ArchiMAG : the international ArchiCad users̕ magazine
The filter bubble : what the Internet is hiding from you
Quarterly
Lying in wait
International skinhead bulletin
Farmers' reactions to the internationalisation of cooperatives
Political parties and the concept of power : a theoretical framework
Family members' presence is important for older persons at the emergency department
Sibling identity and relationships : sisters and brothers
A cup of turkish coffee = Bir fincan kahve
Negative effects of borderline personality disorder on the family : a systematic literature review
The Septembers of Shiraz
Yours truly : annual bulletin for the members of  Suomen englanninopettajat ry, Engelsklärarna i Finland rf, The Association of Teachers of English in Finland
The higgledy piggledy pigs
"With contributions from leading scholars in the field, Rebels in Groups brings together the latest research on dissent, deviance, difference and defiance. Many of the most famous figures in psychology - Asch, Milgram and Zimbardo and others - have emphasized the pressures to conform and obey which are present in groups, and focused on the positive value that groups place on loyalty and uniformity. From this perspective, dissent, deviance, difference and defiance have been regarded as detrimental forces within groups: reflections of a lack of group loyalty, a sign of disengagement or delinquent behaviour. Contrary to traditional views, this book presents an approach which considers rebellion to be a normal, functional and healthy aspect of group life. Rebels in Groups presents the latest thinking on these issues by examining a broad range of groups - such as political groups, task groups, and teams in organisations - and by considering diverse fields of psychology, including social, organizational, and developmental psychology. In the process, it shows how new approaches to the study of dissent, deviance, difference and defiance have refined our theorizing in this area and shed a more nuanced light upon the role of rebels in groups"--
Marketing plan for a non-profit association with an objective to increase membership and awareness of the association : Case: PATA Cambodia Chapter
Abstract: Party manifesto as an arena of practising in and maintaining political thinking.
Mondragon : an economic analysis
The gathering
Finn-Brits magazine
The London train
Rebels in groups : dissent, deviance, difference and defiance
Insight
“How patients and their family members’ need of support and counselling can be assessed by written measures?  : Literature review
EMLA laser health journal : the journal of the European Medical Laser Association (EMLA)
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 1999, April: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 1997, October: including directory of international organizations, hononary consuls and other entities
Royal funding of the Parisian Académie royale des sciences during the 1690s
Secrets of a family album
Jäsenluettelo 1987 = Medlemsförteckning 1987 = List of members 1987
"The Art of Membership offers 13 "rules of the road" for membership engagement, recruitment, and retention that organizations can put to work immediately regardless organization size, culture, type or environment. The Rules are concrete, irrefutable and based on the author's experience and extensive research. The book is filled with a wealth of cases and examples and how-to guides with checklists and worksheets that break down the concepts from goal to strategy to tactics culminating in an actionable to-do list. Includes a template that can be used to create a concrete action."--
