http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24525 Atrium (Turku)
Atrium (Turku)
On the role of cyclic GMP as a modulator of the cell metabolism of hypoxic and ischaemic rat heart : with special reference to the mode of action of vasoactive organic nitroesters
20th-century architecture. 7 : Finland
Mechanotransduction in the heart atrium : stretch-activated channels and calcium in pressure-dependent modulation of ANP and BNP release, gene expression, electrophysiology and contraction force of an isolated rat atrium
Cellular mechanisms of atrial mechanotransduction : interacting mechanisms in stretch-induced changes of rat atrial function and their modulation by intracellular acidosis. Pasi Tavi
Electrocardiographic studies of atrial activity
The role of hyperosmolality in the release of atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP)
Auricular catecholamines in various heart diseases
20th century architecture : Finland
Summary.
"This book provides a systematic overview of the different types of courtyard houses. A central task in the field of residential architecture is to work with existing housing types and to continue to develop them in intelligent ways. Essential for the success of a design is a profound understanding of the general type of building that the design takes as its basis. Understanding the building type is indispensable as it ensures that well established structures can be widely utilised, repeated, and varied." "The authors of this volume have developed new, systematic representations of the most innovative types of courtyard houses. They layout the possible ways a particular form can be used and how it can be transformed. The courtyard is presented here as a building block of the city. This is followed by an account of the complete range of courtyard houses - the garden house, the shared courtyard house, the L-shaped house, the patio house, and the atrium-type house. Designs are differentiated according to the diverse ways they organise space and the number of storeys they have. The authors review the spectrum of forms using newly drawn floor plans that are systematic and to scale."--BOOK JACKET.
Courtyard houses : a housing typology
