http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24579 environmental analysis
environmental analysis
Referat.
Starting a Tourism Company in Gambia : Case Company Jäälin Palvelupiste Ky
The state of the environment
Colombia as a target country for a strategic cross-border acquisition
Valuing the environment : six case studies
The language of environment
Europe's environment : An Assessment of Assessments
Selling results solutions : creating sales opportunities in mature industrial markets
Financial evaluation of environmental investments
Arctic climate change : the ACSYS decade and beyond
English summary.
Material flow models in environmental policy planning : case: pulp and paper industry
Exploring evolutionary responses to increasing temperature in an environmental opportunistic pathogen
Greenhouse impact assessment of some combustible fuels with a dynamic life cycle approach
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Benefits of reduced eutrophication : evidence from Finland, the Baltic Sea area and Europe for policy making
Meeting design industry analysis
An introduction to social constructionism
Social profitability of combustion technology in poultry manure management : a cost-benefit analysis of co-combustion of boultry manure and natural gas in the Leningrad region, Russia
On the suitability of the self-organizing map for analysis of the macro and firm level competitive environment : an empirical evaluation
Flame spectrometry in environmental chemical analysis : A practical guide
Creating a lean and green business system : techniques for improving profits and sustainability
Environmental impact assessment : theory and practice
On-line coupling of pressurised hot water extraction and microporous membrane liquid-liquid extraction with chromatography in analysis of environmental samples
Natural resource and environmental economics
Environmental futures : the practice of environmental scenario analysis
Fundamentals of environmental sampling and analysis
Environmental sampling for trace analysis
Every company must analyze their environment in order to stay on top of things in our changing world. It is essential to be aware of the environment and changes that occur in it. Anticipating changes and reacting quickly to them can also be an advantage in the market. The business environment affects what kind of marketing strategy best suits the company, and what they should take this into consideration in their operations. This thesis is a commission for a business-to-business consultancy company; it is an analysis of their business environment. The political, economic, socio-cultural and technological factors that affect their business environment are analyzed using a PEST analysis. Their strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats are also analyzed, through a SWOT analysis. A SWOT analysis is very topical at this time, with the downturn of the economy, as many companies have to reassess themselves and the external risks and opportunities that can help them overcome the current downturn. In this thesis, the investigation of the business environment is limited to PEST and SWOT analyses; the area of study is Finland. The objective of the thesis is to support Company X's marketing by giving them proposals and suggestions. It should also give them an outsider's view of the company, which should make them think about things that otherwise might not be self-evident. The analysis has been carried out by concurrently following news, publications and events, literacy, theory, investigating the different areas of the analyses and interviewing Company X personnel.  One of the most important speculations in the thesis is that Company X should develop their scenario thinking and communication, and carry out a SWOT analysis on a regular basis. When all the possibilities are known, they can better survive future challenges.
A marketing analysis of household appliances market in Finland : a case study for the Haier Group
Manual of environmental analysis
Unmixing methods in novel applications of spectral imaging
Formulating a feasible business idea in Finland : case: Silta Consultancy Oy
Ion selective electrodes for determination of low and ultra low concentrations of lead (II) in natural waters
Risk-based environmental decisions : culture and methods
Chemistry for environmental engineering
Life cycle inventory analysis of hard coal based electricity generation
Abstract: Enlargement of the environmental management system - including the production plants of Nakkila and Säkylä into the ISO 14001 system.
Starting a tourism company in Gambia : case company Jäälin Palvelupiste KY
Valuing environmental benefits using the contingent valuation method : an econometric analysis
Guidelines for landscape and visual impact assessment
Risk analysis and security countermeasure selection
Production frontier methods in environmental performance measurement and analysis
Marketing plan of electric vehicle charging solutions to USA
Biomimicry as a design reference : the sustainable potentiality of textile design mimicking nature’s ways
The Earthscan reader in environmental economics
Environmental impact of building materials
Summary.
Fish consumption : human health effects and decision making
Environmental life cycle costing
Renewable Energy Market Analysis in Nigeria
ISO 14000 : environmental management : ISO standards compendium
Combining ecological and economic assessment of waste management options : case newspaper
Cost-benefit analysis of environmental change
Development of methods for toxic element analysis in samples with environmental concern by ICP-AES and ETAAS
Introducing Tanzania as a potential market for Finnish companies
Assessment of environmental impacts with life cycle methods in nanotechnology industry
Gambia is a diverse and exciting new market. The establishment of a company on a new market requires plenty of planning and background information. The commissioning company plans to start a hotel business in Gambia and the primary purpose of this thesis is to serve as a guide in that process. The research has been carried out as a case study. The empirical part is based on well-known and reliable primary and secondary printed sources. Electronic sources have been used to supplement the information. To deepen the understanding of the theory and to aid in the practice has practical information been gathered from various sources by questionnaires and theme interviews. The structure of the thesis is built as a zipper model, where theory and practice are combined in a discussion. The first part of the thesis focuses on the starting point analyses and offers more insight of Gambia as a market and operating environment. The purpose is to evaluate what the Gambian environment is like and to deepen the understanding of Gambia as a potential location for a travelling company. The secondary purpose is to offer tools for other Finnish companies that want to enter the Gambian market. The thesis has been narrowed down to focus on the tourism industry, but the theoretic part and practical advice can be used in any field of business. The end of the thesis focuses on the risks involving the business operations in Gambia and on the critical success factors in the hotel business. The schedule has been changed during the process due to difficulties reaching all interviewees. All parties interviewed have been professionals within the tourism and business branches. The interviews have been carried out as questionnaires vie E-mail or theme interviews by telephone or Skype. The interviewees have been two representatives of the commissioning company, a representative of a tour operator, the Finnish-Gambian ambassador and a Gambian director. The theoretic and practical data has been analyzed from different views. According to the gathered data is Gambia a potential location for a hotel business. All though the country is poor and is a dictatorship, is it believable that the government wants to develop the country further partly by democratic means. As the tourism industry is very important, the government tries to enhance its development with different inducements. Start-up companies are offered tax exemptions for a certain period and building land is given by the government. The ownership of foreigners are protected with legislation, which promises that the property will not be expropriated by the government. The bureaucracy is complicated and the corruption sets challenges especially for foreigners. The governmental tourism development agency provides advice and help in the process. At the same time the official wants to guarantee that the foreign investors are treated equally to the Gambians.
Environmental aspects related to nanomaterials
Enlargement of the environmental management system : including the production plants of Nakkila and Säkylä into the ISO 14001 system
Vastine rahalle : kannanottoja terveyden edistämisen kustannusvaikuttavuuteen = Value for money : the cost-effectiveness of health promotion
Living with climate change : how communities are surviving and thriving in a changing climate
Sampling and analysis of environmental chemical pollutants : a complete guide
Managerial Aspects of Business Intelligence Implementation
Life cycle assessment and ecodesign in a day : lessons learned from a series of LCA clinics for start-ups and small and medium enterprises (SMEs)
An introduction to environmental pattern analysis
Life cycle analysis
On-line coupled supercritical fluid extraction : liquid chromatography : gas chromatography in the analysis of atmospheric aerosols
Life Cycle Assessment and its Role in Marketing
Greenspeak : a study of environmental discourse
A business environment analysis : case Company X
Proceedings from Workshop on System Studies of Integrated Solid Waste Management in Stockholm 2-3 april 2001
Environmental economics : An introduction
Cost-benefit analysis and the environment
Science, risk analysis and environmental policy decisions
Restoring cursed earth : appraising environmental policy reforms in eastern Europe and Russia
Things that are good for the planet are also good for business. Numerous studies from the likes of the Economist Intelligence Unit, Harvard, MIT Sloan, and others indicate that organizations that commit to goals of zero waste, zero harmful emissions, and zero use of nonrenewable resources clearly outperform their competition. Like lean thinking, greening your business is not just a 'nice to have'; at least not anymore. It is now a key economic driver for many forward looking firms. This book is packed with case studies and examples that illustrate how leading firms use lean and green as simultaneous sources of inspiration in various sectors of industry - from automotive and retail to textile and brewing. Take Toyota as an example, the holy grail of economic efficiency for decades. This book, shows that Toyota tops the green chart too, describing Toyota's notion of Monozukuri: sustainable manufacturing. Creating a Lean and Green Business System: Techniques for Improving Profits and Sustainability offers opportunities for innovation that can simultaneously reduce dependence on natural resources and enhance global prosperity.
Humor in the classroom
Environmental analysis of contaminated sites
Analysis of organic micropollutants in water : proceedings of the 3rd European symposium, held in Oslo, Norway, September 19-21, 1983
Holocene marine and freshwater diatoms from the Faeroe Islands : Taxonomy and environmental influences
Environmental assessment methods and its influence on the construction sector : market chnce or marketing campaign?
Sustainable fashion and textiles : design journeys
Risk and culture : an essay on the selection of technical and environmental dangers
Greener management international : the journal of corporate environmental strategy and practice
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Handbook of environmental analysis : chemical pollutants in air, water, soil, and solid wastes
Harvesting the biosphere : what we have taken from nature
Handbook of environmental analysis
Developing and comparing methods for mapping habitat types and conservation values using remote sensing data and GIS methods
Life-cycle assessment of a spanish wind farm
Towards minimizing measurement uncertainty in total petroleum hydrocarbon determination by GC-FID
Environmental management : life cycle assessment : examples of application of ISO 14041 to goal and scope definition and inventory analysis
Integrating environmental economics and policy analyses in a geographical information system
Land use in life cycle assessment
Environmental policy analysis for decision making
