http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24509 science communication
science communication
Mobile lives : self, excess and nature
In the beginning was information : a scientist explains the incredible design in nature
A scientist's guide to talking with the media : practical advice from the Union of Concerned Scientists
Writing for scholars : a practical guide to making sense and being heard
Linguistic inequality in scientific communication today / edited by Augusto Carli, Ulrich Ammon
Preparing and delivering scientific presentations : a complete guide for international medical scientists
Communication skills for the biosciences : a graduate guide
eHealth of Finland : check point 2006
Science communication, as a multidisciplinary field, has developed remarkably in recent years. It is now a distinct and exceedingly dynamic science that melds theoretical approaches with practical experience. Formerly well-established theoretical models now seem out of step with the social reality of the sciences, and the previously clear-cut delineations and interacting domains between cultural fields have blurred. Communicating Science in Social Contexts examines that shift, which itself depicts a profound recomposition of knowledge fields, activities and dissemination practices, and the val.
Knowledge interplay : user-oriented research dissemination through synthesis pedagogics
Discourse, of course : an overview of research in discourse studies
Why information systems and software engineering students enter and leave their study programme : a factor model and process theory
International journal of science education. Part B, Communication and public engagement
Introducing science communication : a practical guide
Don't be such a scientist : talking substance in an age of style
Handbook of public communication of science and technology
Listen. Write. Present. : the elements for communicating science and technology
Language and learning in the international university : from English uniformity to diversity and hybridity
Health communication : theory, method, and application / edited by Nancy Grant Harrington
Discourse, identities and roles in specialized communication
Communicating science : a handbook
Publishing in the networked world: transforming the nature of communication : 14th International Conference on Electronic Publishing, 16-18 June 2010, Helsinki, Finland
Scientific English : a guide for scientists and other professionals
The sciences' media connection : public communication and its repercussions
Communicating science
Cultural and contextual shaping of scholarly communication : publishing and reading practices in Finnish state research institutes
The foreign-language barrier : problems in scientific communication
Communicating science in social contexts : new models, new practices
Language, known and unknown : how and why we speak
The future of scholarly communication
Naučnaâ reč' na anglijskom âzyke : rukovodstvo po naučnomu izloženiû : slovar' oborotov i sočetaemosti obŝenaučnoj leksiki : novyj slovar'-spravočnik aktivnogo tipa = English for scientific purposes : guide to academic writing : combinatory dictionary of science usage : a new active reference
Scholarly communications : a history from content as king to content as kingmaker
Making sense : a student's guide to research and writing : engineering and the technical sciences
Scientific discourse and the rhetoric of globalization : the impact of culture and language
The hidden life of trees : what they feel, how they communicate : discoveries from a secret world
Scientific and technical translation explained : a nuts and bolts guide for beginners
The challenges and opportunities of human technology
Merchants of doubt : how a handful of scientists obscured the truth on issues from tobacco smoke to global warming
Artists in the landscape of berry wars and reindeer husbandry.
Writing readable research : a guide for students of social science
Lies, damned lies, and science : how to sort through the noise around global warming, the latest health claims, and other scientific controversies
The rules are no game : the strategy of communication
Am I making myself clear? : a scientist's guide to talking to the public
Science communication in theory and practice
Science and the media : alternative routes to scientific communications
Starring the text : the place of rhetoric in science studies
Broadening the horizon of linguistic politeness
3D scientific visualization with Blender
Advances in visual methodology
Interacting with audiences : social influences on the production of scientific writing
Escape from the ivory tower : a guide to making your science matter
Journalism, science and society : science communication between news and public relations
Academic vocabulary in context
Impact survey : 2Ways Communicating Life Science Research
The exposition of artistic research : publishing art in academia
The dark side of knowledge : histories of ignorance, 1400 to 1800
Ways of reading : advanced reading skills for students of English literature
Information comics : knowledge transfer in a popular format
Scientific communication for natural resource professionals
Presents more than thirty full-page science maps, fifty data charts, a timeline of science-mapping milestones, and 500 color images, which serve as a sumptuous visual index to the evolution of modern science and as an introduction to "the science of science"--charting the trajectory from scientific concept to published results.
Designed to help the novice scientist get started with science communication, this unique guide begins with a short history of science communication before discussing the design and delivery of an effective engagement event. Along with numerous case studies written by highly regarded international contributors, the book discusses how to approach face-to-face science communication and engagement activities with the public while providing tips to avoid potential pitfalls. A companion website includes further useful links, references, and supplementary case studies along with information on regulations and practical information specific to countries.
Science blogging : the essential guide
Cross-linguistic and cross-cultural perspectives on academic discourse
Professional communication : collaboration between academics and practitioners
News & numbers : a writer's guide to statistics
Linguistics : an introduction to language and communication
Autism's false prophets : bad science, risky medicine, and the search for a cure
Communication and engagement with science and technology : issues and dilemmas : a reader in science communication
Intelligently designed : how creationists built the campaign against evolution
The new media handbook
The Lomborg deception : setting the record straight about global warming
Hacking the academy : new approaches to scholarship and teaching from digital humanities
Genre change in the contemporary world : short-term diachronic perspectives
Communicating biological sciences : ethical and metaphorical dimensions
How to write a paper
Covers each stage of research, from formulating questions and gathering data to developing experiments and analyzing results and finally to the many ways for presenting results. --from publisher description
Intercultural communication with Arabs : studies in educational, professional and societal contexts
Public understanding of science : a history of communicating scientific ideas
Incentives and performance : governance of research organizations
Learning to communicate in science and engineering : case studies from MIT
Constructing interpersonality : multiple perspectives on written academic genres
Summary.
Scientific style and format : the CSE manual for authors, editors, and publishers
Write like a chemist : a guide and resource
Language and globalization
Successful science communication : telling it like it is
Doing science : design, analysis, and communication of scientific research
Metaphors for environmental sustainability : redefining our relationship with nature
This distinctive monograph examines the dynamic rhetorical processes by which scientists shape, negotiate, and position their work within an interdisciplinary community. Author Ann M. Blakeslee studies the everyday rhetorical practices of a group of condensed matter theoretical physicists, and presents here the first substantial qualitative study of the planning and implementation of discursive practices by a group of scientists. This volume also represents one of the first studies to use situated cognition and learning theory to study how knowledge of a domain's discursive practices is acquired by newcomers. Unlike previous studies of scientists' rhetorical practices, which have focused primarily on finished or published texts, Blakeslee's involvement with the physicists as they engaged in the composing processes - from jotting down planning notes through publishing a scientific paper - suggests an alternative view of audience based on cooperative interaction between authors and their interlocutors. From this innovative perspective, functional knowledge of audiences comes only by entering into some community of practice, in which readers also become self-defining interlocutors and even participants in joint projects. Blakeslee's research follows the physicists' work into communal interactive dynamics, looking at their overt attempts to get feedback from members of their audiences, what their feedback was, and how they respond to it. Blakeslee's work addresses and extends a model for audience analysis that consists of two primary operations: getting to know and understand one's interlocutors and determining how to reach and influence them. In doing so, it offers important insights into the dissemination of scientific information and thus will be of great interest to scholars and students in the areas of rhetoric of science and technology, composition, rhetorical theory, and scientific writing.
Towards dialogic teaching in science : challenging classroom realities through teacher education
Atlas of science : visualizing what we know
Science centres and science events : a science communication handbook
"In recent years governments and scientific establishments have been encouraging the development of professional and popular science communication. This book critically examines the origin of this drive to improve communication, and discusses why simply improving scientists' communication skills and understanding of their audiences may not be enough. Written in an engaging style, and avoiding specialist jargon, this book provides an insight into science's place in society by looking at science communication in three contexts: the professional patterns of communication among scientists, popular communication to the public, and science in literature and drama. This three-part framework shows how historical and cultural factors operate in today's complex communication landscape, and should be actively considered when designing and evaluating science communication. Ideal for students and practitioners in science, engineering and medicine, this book provides a better understanding of the culture, sociology and mechanics of professional and popular communication"--Provided by publisher.
Clear and concise communications for scientists and engineers
Scholarly discussion as engineering the meanings of a European cultural heritage
This book features 18 essays that explore the ways people communicate in the Arab world, from the Unites Arab Emirates to Qatar, Saudi Arabia to Oman. While there is a concentration of studies from the Gulf Arab states, the collection spans perspectives from Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Egypt, Libya, Tunisia, and Sudan. Written by both Arab authors and foreign scholars who live or have lived in the region, it will help readers to better understand and communicate with Arab culture and society. The book is divided into three main sections that include studies in educational, professional, and societal contexts. Based on ethnographies, case studies, and real life experiences, the essays provide insight into the ways Arabs communicate in different situations, contexts, and settings such as business, education, politics, media, healthcare, and society at large. Drawing on current theory, research, and practice, this book will help readers better understand and, as a result, better engage with the Arab world.
Becoming an academic writer : 50 exercises for paced, productive, and powerful writing
Share your research : a hands-on guide to successful science communication
Listening and empowering : crossing the social inclusion and the science in society agendas in science communication activities involving young people
Communicating research
Citizen voices : performing public participation in science and environment communication
" Tracing the growth of creationism in America as a political movement, this book explains why the particularly American phenomenon of anti-evolution has succeeded as a popular belief. Conceptualizing the history of creationism as a strategic public relations campaign, Edward Caudill examines why this movement has captured the imagination of the American public, from the explosive Scopes trial of 1925 to today's heated battles over public school curricula. Caudill shows how creationists have appealed to cultural values such as individual rights and admiration of the rebel spirit, thus spinning creationism as a viable, even preferable, alternative to evolution. In particular, Caudill argues that the current anti-evolution campaign follows a template created by Clarence Darrow and William Jennings Bryan, the Scopes trial's primary combatants. Their celebrity status and dexterity with the press prefigured the Moral Majority's 1980s media blitz, more recent staunchly creationist politicians such as Sarah Palin and Mike Huckabee, and creationists' savvy use of the Internet and museums to publicize their cause. Drawing from trial transcripts, media sources, films, and archival documents, Intelligently Designed highlights the importance of historical myth in popular culture, religion, and politics and situates this nearly century-old debate in American cultural history. "--
Crackle and fizz : essential communication and pitching skills for scientists
The rhetoric of science
Measuring the quality of media relations in an EU institution : developing and testing a measurement model
Pretending to communicate
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Encyclopedia of science and technology communication
Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
Language and discipline perspectives on academic discourse
Voice and vision : a guide to writing history and other serious nonfiction
Writing about archaeology
This concise paperback is about writing a paper for publication in biomedical journals. Its straightforward format - a chapter covering each of part of the structured abstract - makes it relevant and easy to use for any novice paper writer. How to Write a Paper addresses the mechanics of submission, including electronic submission, and how publishers handle papers, writing letters to journals abstracts for scientific meetings, and assessing papers. This new edition also covers how to write a book review and updated chapters on ethics, electronic publication and submission, and the movement for open access".
The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication constitutes a comprehensive introduction to the multidisciplinary field of intercultural communication, drawing on the expertise of leading scholars from diverse backgrounds. The Handbook is structured in five sections and covers historical perspectives, core issues and topics, and new debates in the field, with a particular focus on the language dimension. Among the key themes addressed are: the foundation of intercultural communication; core themes and issues; putting intercultural communication theory into practice; new debates and future directions. The Handbook includes an introduction and overview by the editor, which provides readers with an indication of the focus of each section and chapter. The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication is the ideal resource for advanced undergraduates and postgraduate students of applied linguistics, TESOL/TEFL and communication studies.
Science as writing
Boundaries, believers and bodies : a cultural analysis of a multidisciplinary research community
Why we disagree about climate change : understanding controversy, inaction and opportunity
A broad strand of applied linguistic research has focused on the language of science and scholarship, stressing its role in the construction and negotiation of knowledge claims. Central to the success of such texts is the use of evaluative expressions encoding what is considered to be desirable or undesirable in a given domain. While the speech acts relevant to evaluation have been extensively researched, little is known of the underlying values they encode. This volume seeks to fill the gap by exploring the main facets of academic value in a corpus of research articles from leading journals in anthropology, biology, computer science, economics, engineering, history, mathematics, medicine, physics and sociology. The collocations and qualified entities associated with such variables in the corpus provide insights into how scholars draw on a repertoire of conventional, largely unqualified, axiological meanings instrumental to the production of new knowledge in their field.
English for academic correspondence
The Routledge handbook of language and intercultural communication
Mapping academic values in the disciplines : a corpus-based approach
AMA manual of style : a guide for authors and editors
Science in print : essays on the history of science and the culture of print
Communicating science : professional, popular, literary
Linguistics of American Sign Language : an introduction [Elektroninen aineisto]
Radio speech communication and workload in military aviation:a human factors perspective
"Exploring Health Communication from Multiple Perspectives provides coverage of the major current areas of interest (e.g., interpersonal, organizational, media). It takes an in-depth approach to health communication research by analyzing and critically evaluating research conducted across multiple paradigmatic perspectives. In addition, it offers features important to undergraduate texts, such as sidebars, summary boxes, suggestions for in-class activities, discussion questions, and lists of additional resources. This edited textbook includes a range of chapters covering interpersonal health communication issues, challenges and complexities in health communication, communication aspects of health behaviors and conditions, organizational issues in health communication, and media and eHealth research. This text is designed to be used in upper level health communication courses, and it may be of interest to master's level courses as well. Other social science disciplines such as health education and public health may also find the book to be of interest."
Science communication : practical guide for scientists
Linguistic and translation studies in scientific communication
Investigating science communication in the information age : implications for public engagement and popular media
"Tracing the growth of creationism in America as a political movement as opposed to a science-religion issue, this book explains why anti-evolution, this peculiarly American phenomenon, has succeeded, as measured in terms of popular appeal. Conceiving the history of creationism as a strategic public relations campaign, it emphasizes ways that media have been used to spin creationism as a viable, even preferable, alternative to evolution. Understanding creationists' campaigns means understanding their popularity and appeal in American culture. Beginning with the rise of fundamentalism in the early 20th century, Edward Caudill traces the movement through the rest of the 20th and into the 21st century. He illustrates how the 1925 Scopes trial created the contours of the modern debate over evolution. Its primary combatants--Clarence Darrow and William Jennings Bryan--became the celebrity representatives of opposing sides in the battle over teaching evolution in public schools. He then draws parallels between the media's role in the Scopes trial and subsequent political campaigns against evolution represented by Moral Majority of the 1980s, the 2005 cases in Kansas and Dover, PA, current anti-evolution politicians, such as Sara Palin and Mike Huckabee, and highlight creationism's recent gravitation toward museums and websites as a medium of communication. Caudill draws from media sources, trial transcripts, films, as well as the archives to highlight the importance of historical myth in popular culture, religion, and politics and situate this nearly century-old debate in American cultural history"--
