http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24571 formal writing
formal writing
Document engineering : analyzing and designing documents for business informatics & Web services
The law of war : A documentary history. 1
Technical writing and professional communication for nonnative speakers of English
Translating information
Gartside's model business letters : & Other business documents
"This volume brings together contributions from two separate editors. The first is a collection of texts that evidence Cardinal Thomas Wolsey's legatine powers to grant dispensations and other papal graces and his exercise of these powers during the 1520's in Henry VIII's realm. The second is a text edited by Michael Questier comprising glosses on and suggested readings of the Elizabethan statute law which imposed treason penalties on Catholic clergy who exercised their office in reconciling to Rome. Both contributions illuminate the limits of the law and flexibility in interpreting and applying it and regard the role of Catholic clergy as agents of papal authority in Tudor England before and after the break with Rome."-- Provided by publisher.
Translators in the realm of architecture : a study on the competences needed in the translation of special subject texts
International criminal law : a collection of international and European instruments
Microsoft Office Word 2007 update, Gregg college keyboarding & document processing. Lessons 1-120
Proceedings
Written documents in the workplace
Dynamics in document design : creating text for readers
Perspectives on the age of the information society
Text databases and document management : theory and practice
Getting StartED with Google Apps
Selection of basic texts on European security and defence
Microsoft Office Word 2007 update, Gregg college keyboarding & document processing : home. Lessons 1-120
Google Apps deciphered : compute in the cloud to streamline your desktop
Relationship of Standard Generalized Markup Language and Hypermedia/Time-Based Structuring Language
Proceedings of Louhi'08 : the first Conference on Text and Data Mining of Clinical Documents, September 3rd-4th, 2008, Turku, Finland
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng.
Finnish summary.
Text encoding initiative : background and context
Voice and vision : a guide to writing history and other serious nonfiction
Microsoft Word 2010 : step by step
The structure of multimodal documents : an empirical approach
European labour law and social policy : cases and materials
Law on the Public Defender of Georgia
The society of text : hypertext, hypermedia, and the social construction of information
On text document classification and retrieval using self-organising maps
The Text Encoding Initiative (TEI) Guidelines for Electronic Text Encoding and Interchange are the result of over six years' work by dozens of scholars from all over the world. As such, they represent a pioneer effort in an area where only occasional and isolated attempts were made before. They will certainly serve as the primary basis for encoding texts in electronic form for the foreseeable future. The work of participants in the TEI not only involved consideration of problems of text encoding that are likely to be with us for decades to come, but also required the development of a methodology - from scratch - for approaching these problems. These pioneering efforts, while likely to be refined and extended, must not be lost: they provide the intellectual basis upon which text encoding practices will build in the future. This collection therefore documents the course of these efforts. `The TEI Guidelines are extraordinary. Even if they were never adopted they would stand as a significant contribution to scholarship for their detailed analysis of the information sets of a huge range of complex text types.' From the Preface by Charles E. Goldfarb, inventor of the Standard Generalized Markup Language.
Processing of structured documents using a syntax-directed approach
Act on Commercial Representatives and Salesmen
Handbook for preparing engineering documents : from concept to completion
Experiments in measuring the efficiency of knowledge distribution
InDesign CS5 for dummies
Model-based explanation of plant knowledge
The effectiveness of a searching thesaurus in free-text searching of a full-text database
Professional XML
Using documents in social research
Microsoft Office Word 2007 update manual for Gregg college keyboarding & document processing. Lessons 1-120
Microsoft Office Word 2007 : step by step
Adobe InDesign
Adobe InDesign CS4 : classroom in a book : the official training workbook from Adobe Systems
Quality of technical documentation
LATEX line by line : tips and techniques for document processing
Google Docs 4 everyone
Udeghe (Udihe) folk tales
Hyperknowledge and continuous strategy in executive support systems
Scripting intelligence : Web 3.0 information gathering and processing
DocBook : the definitive guide
Papal authority and the limits of the law in Tudor England
Oxford handbook of commercial correspondence
Critical factors in legal document management : a study of standardised markup languages
Keeping up expert appearances : an analysis of the textual construction of expertise in the debate on global warming
Progress and problems in information retrieval
Adobe Acrobat 6 : complete course
