http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24562 resource allocation
resource allocation
Video transcoding in a distributed cloud computing environment
Management of portfolios
Inband relaying in long term evolution-advanced networks
Sustainable competitive advantage through resource allocations in operational strategies in housing business : case company
How libraries make tough choices in difficult times : purposeful abandonment
Specificity and the macroeconomics of restructuring
Comparing and evaluating the performance of ERP systems in small and medium enterprises (SMEs)
Security mechanisms in partially isolated networks
Quality of life and cost-effectiveness of treatment after a serious neurosurgical illness
Resource allocation in wireless access network : a queueing theoretic approach
Cognitive radio (CR) is becoming a promising tool for solving the problem of the scarce radio resource and spectrum inefficiency. Spectrum sensing (signal detection) enables real-time detection of spectrum holes by unlicensed secondary users (SUs) in cognitive radio networks (CRNs). In this thesis, performance analysis of CRNs and radio resource allocation are considered. A continuous time Markov chain (CTMC) based analytical model taking into account all relevant elements as well as addressing the issue of the false alarm rate (FAR) associated with the continuous sensing is developed. In some cases, the PU can be modeled as time-slotted with constant state (transmitting or not) in each slot. In this case, assuming SU can synchronize to the slots, its intuitive to use beginning of a slot for sensing and rest (possibly) for communication. For this model, M/D/1 priority queueing scheme has been applied in this thesis to find waiting time and queue length for PU and SU.Multiple access among SUs in a time-slotted channel is considered next. A conventional method is e.g. using a channel access probability ψ in each slot similar to the slotted ALOHA. A radically new idea is introduced in this thesis: why not increase the false alarm probability PFA of each SU and use it as a multiple access method?A game theoretic approach to radio resource allocation for the downlink capacity providing fair resource sharing among mobile nodes located along a multihop link is presented. Furthermore, the problem of resource allocations in heterogeneous wireless networks is also studied.Finally, device-to-device (D2D) communication - with localized distribution, where users tend to gather around some areas (clusters/hot-spots) within the cell such as buildings is studied. Theoretical analysis with two dimensional clustering is presented including cases with correlated clusters. Correlation in cluster selection is shown to significantly improve performance.
Performance analysis of cognitive radio networks and radio resource allocation
Improving resource implementation proceses : a case study from telecommunication industry
The quality of life and cost-effectiveness of treatment after a serious neurosurgical illness
Managing from clarity : identifying, aligning and leveraging strategic resources
