http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24530 Persian cat
Persian cat
Early India and Pakistan to Ashoka
The wonders of Vilayet : being the memoir, originally in Persian, of a visit to France and Britain
Entrepreneurs and empire : the Murašû archive, the Murašû firm, and Persian rule in Babylonia
Persian cat
A survey of Persian art from prehistoric times to the present. Volume 1, Text : pre-Achaemenid, Achaemenid, Parthian and Sāsānian periods
In a monastery garden .. et allp 329
The Medes and Persians
Heck's Pictorial Archive of Art and Architecture
A survey of Persian art from prehistoric times to the present. Volume 6, Plates 981-1482 : textiles, carpets, metalwork, minor arts
Alien wisdom : the limits of Hellenization
Persian cats and other longhairs
A survey of Persian art from prehistoric times to the present. Volume 2, Text : architecture, the ceramic arts, calligraphy and epigraphy
The ship of Sulaimān
Cultural, historical, and political aspects of Perso-Arabic epigraphy in India
A survey of Persian art from prehistoric times to the present. Volume 3, Text : the art of the book, textiles, carpets, metalwork, minor arts
The plays of Aeschylus
A survey of Persian art from prehistoric times to the present. Volume 5, Plates 511-980 : architectural ornament, pottery and faience, the art of the book
Ego in Middle-Eastern literature
Tents : architecture of the nomads
Approaching Yehud : new approaches to the study of the Persian period
The historical encyclopedia of costume
A survey of Persian art from prehistoric times to the present. Volume 4, Plates 1-510 : pre-Achaemenid, Achaemenid, Parthian and Sāsānian periods, architecture of the Islamic period
Persian drawings in the Metropolitan Museum of Art
This excellent introduction to the six extant plays of Aeschylus is fully revised and updated, with additional further reading, ideal for the student unfamiliar with these earliest of Greek tragedies. Aeschylus is the oldest of the three great Greek tragedians and lived from 525/524 to 465/455. He took part in the battle of Marathon in 490 and probably also in the battle of Salamis in 480, the subject of his Persians. Working in chronological order of their first production, this volume explores Persians, the earliest Greek tragedy that has come down to us; Seven against Thebes; Suppliants; and the three plays of the Oresteia trilogy: Agamemnon, Libation Bearers and Eumenides. The book also contains an essay on Prometheus Bound, now generally thought not to be by Aeschylus, but accepted as his in antiquity.
