http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24564 Neanderthal
Neanderthal
Secrets of the ice age : the world of the cave artists
Masters of the planet : the search for our human origins
Language in the upper Pleistocene
What can we learn from the genes of our closest evolutionary relatives? Beginning with the study of DNA in Egyptian mummies in the early 1980s and culminating in his sequencing of the Neanderthal genome in 2009.  From Paabo, we learn how Neanderthal genes offer a unique window into the lives of our hominin relatives and may hold the key to unlocking the mystery of why humans survived while Neanderthals went extinct.  Drawing on genetic and fossil clues, Paabo explores what is known about the origin of modern humans and their relationship to the Neanderthals and describes the fierce debate surrounding the nature of the two species' interactions
"When homo sapiens made their entrance 100,000 years ago they were confronted by a wide range of other early humans--homo erectus, who walked better and used fire; homo habilis who used tools; and of course the Neanderthals, who were brawny and strong. But shortly after their arrival, something happened that vaulted the species forward and made them the indisputable masters of the planet. This book is devoted to revealing just what that difference is. It explores how the physical traits and cognitive ability of homo sapiens distanced them from the rest of nature. Even more importantly, Masters of the Planet looks at how our early ancestors acquired these superior abilities; it shows that their strange and unprecedented mental facility is not, as most of us were taught, simply a basic competence that was refined over unimaginable eons by natural selection. Instead, it is an emergent capacity that was acquired quite recently and changed the world definitively"--
In search of the Neanderthals : solving the puzzle of human origins
The Neanderthals rediscovered : how modern science is rewriting their story
The humans who went extinct : why Neanderthals died out and we survived
Neanderthal man
How to think like a Neandertal
The 10,000 year explosion : how civilization accelerated human evolution
Neanderthal man : in search of lost genomes
Reassessing paleolithic subsistence : the Neandertal and modern human foragers of Saint-Césaire
Summary: "There have been many books, movies, and even TV commercials featuring Neandertals--some serious, some comical. But what was it really like to be a Neandertal? How were their lives similar to or different from ours? In How to Think Like a Neandertal, archaeologist Thomas Wynn and psychologist Frederick L. Coolidge team up to provide a brilliant account of the mental life of Neandertals, drawing on the most recent fossil and archaeological remains. Their eye-opening portrait of Neandertals paints a remarkable picture of these long-vanished people and provides insight, as they go along, into our own minds and culture"--.
The last Neanderthal : the rise, success, and mysterious extinction of our closest human relatives
An introduction to anthropology. Vol. 1, Physical anthropology and archaeology
"What can we learn from the genes of our closest evolutionary relatives? Neanderthal Man tells the story of geneticist Svante Pääbo's mission to answer that question, beginning with the study of DNA in Egyptian mummies in the early 1980s and culminating in his sequencing of the Neanderthal genome in 2009. From Pääbo, we learn how Neanderthal genes offer a unique window into the lives of our hominin relatives and may hold the key to unlocking the mystery of why humans survived while Neanderthals went extinct. Drawing on genetic and fossil clues, Pääbo explores what is known about the origin of modern humans and their relationship to the Neanderthals and describes the fierce debate surrounding the nature of the two species' interactions. A riveting story about a visionary researcher and the nature of scientific inquiry, Neanderthal Man offers rich insight into the fundamental question of who we are"--
The Neandertal enigma : solving the mystery of modern human origins
"In the field of human evolution, few subjects have generated as much controversy as the fate of the Neandertals. Most debates have centered on the problem of their affiliation with early modern humans. This book examines the hypothesis that Neandertals and early modern humans differed in terms of subsistance. To assess this hypothesis, the analysis focuses on animal bones accumulated by these groups at Saint-Cesaire, a collapsed cave in western France. The faunal evidence suggests that Neandertals and early modern humans exploited a similar range of game species"--
The Neanderthals
How to think like a neandertal
The story of human evolution : missing links alive!
