http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24506 delusions
delusions
The art of thinking clearly
This book breaks with three common scholarly barriers of periodization, discipline and geography in its exploration of the related themes of heresy, magic and witchcraft. It sets aside constructed chronological boundaries, and in doing so aims to achieve a clearer picture of what 'went before', as well as what 'came after'. Thus the volume demonstrates continuity as well as change in the concepts and understandings of magic, heresy and witchcraft. In addition, the geographical pattern of similarities and diversities suggests a comparative approach, transcending confessional as well as national borders. Throughout the medieval and early modern period, the orthodoxy of the Christian Church was continuously contested. The challenge of heterodoxy, especially as expressed in various kinds of heresy, magic and witchcraft, was constantly present during the period 1200-1650. Neither contesters nor followers of orthodoxy were homogeneous groups or fractions. They themselves and their ideas changed from one century to the next, from region to region, even from city to city, but within a common framework of interpretation. This collection of essays focuses on this complex.
Voices of reason, voices of insanity : studies of verbal hallucinations
The three Christs of Ypsilanti
Lectures on psychical research
Optical illusions and other puzzles
The Waldenses, 1170-1530 : between a religious order and a church
The art and science of visual illusions
Stereoscopic distortions as an artistic practice
Art and representation : new principles in the analysis of pictures
Henry's gift : the magic eye
The neurological boundaries of reality
Simon Magus in patristic, medieval, and early modern traditions
Extraordinary popular delusions and the madness of crowds
Masters of deception : Escher, Dalí & the artists of optical illusion
Among the gentiles : Greco-Roman religion and Christianity
The halo effect  ... and  the eight other business delusions that deceive managers
Pathologies of belief
The death of Bunny Munro
Optical illusions
Heterodoxy in late Imperial China
The miraculous journey of Edward Tulane
Characterizing and minimizing spurious responses in Delta-Sigma modulators
Ambigrams revealed : [a graphic designer's guide to creating typographic art using optical illusions, symmetry, and visual perception]
Escher on Escher : Exploring the infinite
Heresy in the Roman Catholic Church : a history
A brief history of heresy
The Moons At Your Door collects over 30 tales, both familiar and unknown from  Robert Aickman, Algernon Blackwood, DK Broster, AM Burrage, RW Chambers, Aleister Crowley, Elizabeth Gaskell, WW Jacobs, MR James, LA Lewis, Thomas Ligotti, Arthur Machen, Guy de Maupassant, Perrault, Thomas De Quincey, Saki, Count Stenbock and HR Wakefield. The volume also includes extracts and translations by the author from Babylonian, Coptic and Biblical texts alongside poems and fairy tales.
God's message to the world : you've got me all wrong
Epidemiology of psychotic disorders
Contesting orthodoxy in medieval and early modern Europe : heresy, magic and witchcraft
The blood of angels
Mapping the uncanny : assessing dimensions of psychotic-like experiences for clinical utility
Illusion in nature and art
Magical illusions conjuring tricks : amazing puzzles & stunning stunts : Nicholas Einhorn teaches 200 fabulous tricks in 1300 step-by-step pictures
The passion of Dolssa : a novel
The intelligent eye
The early Christian world. Volume 2
Graphic work of M. C. Escher / introduced and exlained by the artist
A history of medieval heresy and inquisition
Illusionology : the secret science of magic
Heterodoxy, Spinozism, and free thought in early-eighteenth-century Europe : studies on the Traité des trois imposteurs
Delusions and other irrational beliefs
The doors of perception and Heaven and hell
50 popular beliefs that people think are true
Eyes, lies and illusions : the art of deception : drawn from the Werner Nekes Collection : [Hayward Gallery, London, 7 October 2004 - 3 January 2005] / Laurent Mannoni, Werner Nekes, Marina Warner
The other God : dualist religions from antiquity to the Cathar heresy
The scrivener's tale
The optical corrections of the Doric temple : form and meaning in Greek sacred architecture
Blindspots : the many ways we cannot see
The book collector
Rethinking "Gnosticism" : an argument for dismantling a dubious category
Ambigrams revealed
Arius : heresy and tradition
Heresy : a history of defending the truth
Enthusiasm : a chapter in the history of religion : with special reference to the XVII and XVIII centuries
In mid-thirteenth century Provence, Dolssa de Stigata is a fervently religious girl who feels the call to preach, condemned by the Inquisition as an "unnatural woman," and hunted by the Dominican Friar Lucien who fears a resurgence of the Albigensian heresy; Botille is a matchmaker trying to protect her sisters from being branded as gypsies or witches--but when she finds the hunted Dolssa dying on a hillside, she feels compelled to protect her, a decision that may cost her everything.
The moons at your door
A handbook of heresies
"What is a religious or spiritual delusion? What does religious delusion reveal about the difference between good and bad spirituality? What is the connection between religious delusion and moral failure? Or between religious delusion and religious terrorism? Or religious delusion and despair? The Abraham Dilemma: A Divine Delusion is the first book written by a philosopher on the topic of religious delusion -- on the disorder's causes, contents, consequences, diagnosis and treatment. The book argues that we cannot understand a religious delusion without appreciating three facts. One is that religiosity or spirituality is a part of human nature, whether it takes theistic or non-theistic forms. Another is that religious delusion is something to which we are all vulnerable. The third is that the delusion is not best understood by reducing it to brain chemistry, or by insisting that it is empirically false. It is best understood by examining its harmful personal and moral consequences -- consequences that nearly unfolded when the biblical patriarch Abraham prepared to sacrifice his son Isaac in response to a command, he thought, from God. The book presents a fascinating and profound exploration of a phenomenon as old as mankind itself."--
Hallucinations
50 optical illusions
Optical illusions : the science of visual perception
The Art of thinking clearly
You've got to be kidding! : how jokes can help you think
Gnosis : the nature and history of gnosticism
Optical illusions : The science of Visual Perception
The science of illusions
The boy who stole Attila's horse
Histories of heresy in early modern Europe : for, against, and beyond persecution and toleration
The magic of illusion
Heretics : the other side of early Christianity
The voices within : the history and science of how we talk to ourselves
Non-response and information bias in population-based psychiatric research:the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort study
"This book explains the construction and beliefs of the organized movements against the Roman Catholic Church and documents the individuals and their efforts in challenging papal infallibility, singular doctrine, and the Inquisition. It examines how heretics have never ceased to appear and reappear from ancient times into modern times"--Provided by publisher.
Hail to the emperor!
A fool, free
St Paul and the church of the gentiles
Hallucinations : the science of idiosyncratic perception
Perspective and other optical illusions
The museum of illusions : optical tricks in art
Archetypal heresy : Arianism through the centuries
Manichaeism in the later Roman empire and medieval China
Frontiers of faith : the Christian encounter with Manichaeism in the Acts of Archelaus
Optical illusions and the visual arts
Delusions play a fundamental role in the history of psychology, philosophy and culture, dividing not only the mad from the sane but reason from unreason. Yet the very nature and extent of delusions are poorly understood. What are delusions? How do they differ from everyday errors or mistaken beliefs? Are they scientific categories? In this superb, panoramic investigation of delusion, Jennifer Radden explores these questions and more, unravelling a fascinating story that ranges from Descartes' demon to famous first-hand accounts of delusion, such as Daniel Schreber's Memoirs of My Nervous Illness. Radden places delusion in both a clinical and cultural context and explores a fascinating range of themes: delusions as both individually and collectively held, including the phenomenon of folies a deux; spiritual and religious delusions, in particular what distinguishes normal religious belief from delusions with religious themes; how we assess those suffering from delusion from a moral standpoint; and, how we are to interpret violent actions when they are the result of delusional thinking. As well as more common delusions, such as those of grandeur, she also discusses some of the most interesting and perplexing forms of clinical delusion, such as Cotard and Capgras.
