http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2463 chemical technology
chemical technology
Encyclopedia of chemical processing and design. 43, Process control, feedback simulation to process optimization
Kirk-Othmer encyclopedia of chemical technology. Vol. 3, Antibiotics to batteries
Principles of unit operations
Ullmann's encyclopedia of industrial chemistry
Mathematical methods in chemical & environmental engineering
Utilization of phenomena-based modeling in unit operation design
Computational study of charge transfer in a porphine : quinone complex and novel alkoxypyridylindolizine derivatives
Green chemistry : a resource outlining areas for the teaching of green and environmental chemistry and sustainable development for 11-19 year old students
Final report industrial chemistry programme 1987-1992 : national technology programme
Basic principles and calculations in chemical engineerting / David M. Himmelblau, James B. Riggs
The fifth Italian Conference on Chemical Process Engineering : Florence, Italy, May 20-23, 2001 : proceedings
Chemical and biochemical engineering : new materials and developed components
Encyclopedia of chemical processing and design. 41, Polymers, rubber modified to pressure-relieving devices, rupture disks, low burst pressures
Basic principles and calculations in chemical engineering
Scientific papers of the University of Pardubice. Series A, Faculty of Chemical Technology
Qualitive reasoning and optimization of chemical engineering processes
Elements of chemical reaction engineering
Chemical engineering. Vol. 4, Solutions to the problems in chemical engineering: vol. 1
Encyclopedia of chemical processing and design. 42, Pressure-relieving devices, rupture disks, selection of to process control and dynamics, savings from upgrading
Encyclopedia of chemical processing and design. 39, Pollution, air, costs : part 1 : parameters for sizing systems to polymers, polyamides, aliphatic
Proceedings of the third Nordic Symposium on Reactive Separation Systems
Preparation and characterisation of supported palladium, platinum and ruthenium catalysts for cinnamaldehyde hydrogenation
Mass transfer operations for the practicing engineer
Esterification of isobutyric acid with neopentyl glycol catalysed by cation-exchange resins
ECCE - 4th European Congress of Chemical Engineering [ : Granada, Spain 21-25 September 2003]. [Book 12], topic 14, Last minute posters
Introduction to Chemical Process : fundamentals and design
Problem solving in chemical engineering with numerical methods
Improving the robustness with modified bounded homotopies and problem-tailored solving procedures
Evaluation report of industrial chemistry technology programme
Ullmann's encyclopedia of industrial chemistry. Vol. A 21, Plastics, properties and testing to polyvinyl compounds
Modelling gas-liquid flow in trickle-bed reactors
Presenting process design knowledge with a conceptual process design methodology
Shreve's chemical process industries
ECCE - 4th European Congress of Chemical Engineering [ : Granada, Spain 21-25 September 2003]. Book 6, topic 7, Separation technologies
Chromium oxide catalysts in the dehydrogenation of alkanes
Selected papers of 6th Italian Conference on Chemical Process Engineering : an event of AIDIC, the Italian Association of Chemical Engineering : ICheaP  6 June, 8-11, 2003 Pisa, Italy
Analysis, synthesis, and design of chemical processes
Chemical engineering. 2, Unit operations
Approaches of qualitative process modelling
Applied parameter estimation for chemical engineers
Studies on polyolefin product extrusion and compounding in a twin-screw extruder
Neon : VTT Chemical Technology ingformation magazine
Kirk-Othmer encyclopedia of chemical technology. Volume 2, Alkanolamines to antibiotics (glycopeptides)
An introduction to industrial chemistry
Fifth International Conference on Foundations of Computer-aided Process Design : proceedings of the fifth conference on chemical process design, Beckenridge, Colorado, July 19-24, 1999
ECCE - 4th European Congress of Chemical Engineering [ : Granada, Spain 21-25 September 2003]. Book 10, topic 11, Biochemical and food engineerings
Handbook of chemical engineering calculations
Dimerisation of isobutene on acidic ion-exchange resins
Alkylation and hydrodearomatisation over zeolite catalysts
Ullmann's encyclopedia of industrial chemistry. Vol. A 19, Parkinsonism treatment to photoelectricity
Application of on-line adaptive simulation to batch evaporative crystallization
Ullmann's encyclopedia of industrial chemistry. Vol. A 20, Photography to plastics, processing
Brazilian journal of Chemical Engineering. Vol. 17, no.4-7
Transport phenomena and unit operations : a combined approach
ECCE - 4th European Congress of Chemical Engineering [ : Granada, Spain 21-25 September 2003]. Book 5, topic 6, Trends in chemical reactors
Balance and conservation
Ullmann's encyclopedia of industrial chemistry. Vol. A 24, Silicon compounds, inorganic to stains, microscopic
Encyclopedia of chemical processing and design. 40, Polymers, polyamides, aromatic to polymers, polyvinylchloride
Activity and osmotic in aqueous sodium and potassium chloride solutions at 25 ̊C
Extended abstracts : American Institute of Chemical Engineers 1989 spring national meeting and Petrochemical Expo'89, George R. Brown Convention Center Houston, Texas April 2-6, 1989.
The expanding world of chemical engineering
Study on the validity of mass transfer and reaction models in multiphase systems
The rheology of coatings in application and drying
Rhodium and cobalt catalysts in the heterogeneous hydroformylation of ethene, propene and 1-hexene
6th Italian Conference on Chemical Process Engineering : ICheaP  6 June, 8-11, 2003 Pisa, Italy
Chemical engineering. Volume 2, Particle technology and separation processes
ECCE - 4th European Congress of Chemical Engineering [ : Granada, Spain 21-25 September 2003]. Book 1, topic 1 & 2, Chemical engineering and Society. Chemical industries strategies
ECCE - 4th European Congress of Chemical Engineering [ : Granada, Spain 21-25 September 2003]. Book 3, topic 4, Safety, health & environmental engineering
Calculation of multicomponent mass transfer between dispersed and continuous phases
Numerical methods for chemical engineers with MATLAB applications
ECCE - 4th European Congress of Chemical Engineering [ : Granada, Spain 21-25 September 2003]. Book 2, topic 3, Sustainable development
ECCE - 4th European Congress of Chemical Engineering [ : Granada, Spain 21-25 September 2003]. Book 4, topic 5, Chemical engineering tools
Handbook of process chromatography : a guide to optimization, scale-up and validation
Mass transport in polymer electrolyte membrane fuel cells using natural convection for air supply
Process intensification : from optimised flow patterns to microprocess technology
Concepts of chemical engineering 4 chemists
Case-based reasoning prototype system for equipment selection : fluid mixer example
Survey of industrial chemistry
Ullmann's encyclopedia of industrial chemistry. Vol. A 18, Nucleic acids to parasympatholytics and parasympathomimetics
Encyclopedia of chemical processing and design. 44, Process plants, cost estimating to project manage
ECCE - 4th European Congress of Chemical Engineering [ : Granada, Spain 21-25 September 2003]. Book 9, topic 10, Novel products and technologies
Rules of thumb in engineering practice
Environmental Degradation of Glass-fiber Reinforced Vinyl Ester : Public Part
Chemical engineering design and analysis : an introduction
Modelling of reactive separation systems
Chemical technology : in two parts. Part 1, The theoretical foundations of chemical technology
Thermodynamics of aqueous mixtures containing formic acid, potassium formate and potassium chloride
Conceptual design of chemical processes
Evolutionary methods in chemical engineering : literature review
7th Italian Conference on Chemical and Process Engineering, ICheaP-7, Giardini di Naxos, Italy, May 15-18, 2005
ECCE - 4th European Congress of Chemical Engineering [ : Granada, Spain 21-25 September 2003]. Book 7, topic 8, Powder technology
Selected papers of the fifth Italian Conference on Chemical Process Engineering : an event of AIDIC, The Italian Association of Chemical Engineering, ICheaP-5, 20-23 May, 2001, Florence, Italy
Chemical engineering. Volume 5, Solutions to the problems in chemical engineering : volume 2
Coulson & Richardson's chemical engineering. Vol. 2, Particle technology and separation processes
European Symposium on Computer-Aided Process Engineering - 13 : 36th European Symposium of the Working Party on Computer Aided Process Engineering : ESCAPE-13, 1-4 June, 2003, Lappeenranta, Finland
Powder technology : fundamentals of particles, powder beds, and particle generation
Selected papers of 8th Italian Conference on Chemical Process Engineering : an event of AIDIC, the Italian Association of Chemical Engineering : ICheaP-8, 24-27 June, 2007 Ischia, Naples Italy
ECCE - 4th European Congress of Chemical Engineering [ : Granada, Spain 21-25 September 2003]. Book 11, topic 12 & 13, High pressure technology. First European Symposium on Product Engineering
Some studies on simultaneous heat and mass transfer in adsorption and drying
Multicomponent ion exchange in fixed beds : removal of ammonia from waste-water
Multivariate autoregressive analysis in locating the origin of fluctuation in continuous industrial processes
Calculation of activity coefficients of uni-univalent electrolytes by equations containing no adjustable parameters in aqueous solutions at 298.15 K
Ullmann's encyclopedia of industrial chemistry. Vol. A 25, Starch and other polysaccharides to surfactants
ECCE - 4th European Congress of Chemical Engineering [ : Granada, Spain 21-25 September 2003]. Book 8, topic 9, Process system engineering & cape
