http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24639 stories
stories
Winter's passage
John Lyon, nurseryman and plant hunter, and his journal, 1799-1814
Hamlet's hit points : what three classic narratives tell us about roleplaying games
Scandinavian ghost stories : and other tales of the supernatural
Lonely Planet unpacked : travel disaster stories
Amazing diving stories : incredible tales for deep beneath the sea
Around India in 80 trains
New cthulhu : the recent weird
Amazing sailing stories : true adventures from the high seas
Here are 25 Christmas stories old and new, tales to delight, to entrance, to beguile, and even to sadden a whole new generation of readers. From Nina Kiriki Hoffman's poignant "Lazelle Family Christmas" to Jacob A. Riis's gut-wrenching portrait of the holiday in the 1890s slums of New York to Johnston McCulley's riveting tale of Christmas in the Old West, we experience every possible facet of this most precious day of the year
Jizhi pian, Zhongguo chengyu gushi = The stories behind common Chinese idioms
Pocket atlas of remote islands : fifty islands I have not visited and never will
Ten sorry tales
The little black book of stories
Living stories : pastoral counseling in congregational context
Mr. Peabody's Apples
Anthropology and a hundred other stories
Eldritch tales : a miscellany of the macabre
Teenagers exploring the world : their stories 10 to 18 years after : or what remains of an extended Outdoor Adventure Education sailing trip
The grownup : a story by the author of Gone Girl
CIHEC Finnish National Commission : annual report 2007.
Siirtolaisuusinstituutin toimintakertomus vuodelta 1985 = Institute of Migration : annual report 1985.
Tales from the perilous realm
Piranha to Scurfy : and other stories
Summary of the annual report for 1989 of the Institute of Migration
Bodies of memory : narratives of war in postwar Japanese culture, 1945-1970
Corporate social responsibility reporting in large listed Vietnamese companies
A love song for India
The lilac bus
Noah's Ark and other first Bible stories
Dancing with mr Darcy : stories inspired by Jane Austen and Chawton House Library
Among the Russians
Batman : the revenge of clayface
Nothing but shadows : Shadowhunters
Batman : poison ivy's deadly garden
Conference report : the Old  Norse Folklorists Network's conference "Sagas, legends and trolls : the supernatural from early modern back to Old Norse tradition" : 12th-14th June 2014, Tartu, Estonia
Tales of the Wild West : an illustrated collection of adventure stories
The Lodger and other stories
The iron traitor
One world : a global anthology of short stories
Return to The Hundred Acre Wood : in which Winnie-the-Pooh enjoys further adventures with Christopher Robin and his friends
Seven Gothic tales
The eye of the elephant : an epic adventure in the African wilderness
Beyond Rue Morgue : further tales of Edgar Allan Poe's 1st detective
Batman : emperor of the airwaves
Short films : dispersive effects of clip thinking
A lovesong for India
Roughing it
Supertoys last all summer long and other stories of future time
The Christmas megapack : 25 modern and classic Christmas stories
Chinese stories
The dialectic of understanding progress in arctic governance
The indestructible fairy tale : the role and meaning of fairy tales for adult women
Gothic romanced : consumption, gender and technology in contemporary fictions
Smoke and mirrors : short fictions and illusions
Field study
Iron's prophecy
The ends of our tethers : 13 sorry stories
Finland's development cooperation 2010
The girl who married a ghost : and other tales from Nigeria
Man with a sax : An adventure
When Eli the jewelry-maker is commissioned to make a special necklace for the queen, he and his young helper overcome seemingly insurmountable odds to complete the task.
When Yakov, the cobbler's son lies dying, it is the thieves, pickpockets, and criminals of the village whose prayers are heard, causing the boy to be healed.
Classic stories from around the world
Beyond twilight : explore the hidden world of th vampires
A collection of classic stories for children
The young wife and other stories
Not singing exactly : the collected stories of Siân James
Amoo Norooz and other Persian stories
Armageddon in retrospect : and other new and unpublished writings on war and peace
Can't and won't
The concept of the world creation in Karelian epic songs
Kisses from hell
Trouble at Rose Cottage
Yakov and the seven thieves
The Nivkh people of Sakhalin and their music : my Nivkh journey
Corporate social responsibility disclosure practices in Vietnam : differences between English and Vietnamese versions of large listed companies
Admen, mad men, and the real world of advertising : essential lessons for business and life
Batman : fun house of evil
How to write your best story ever!
Smoke and mirrors : short fiction and illusions
Summary of the annual report for 1988 of the Institute of Migration
Falling fast
Animal stories : heartwarming true tales from the animal kingdom
The Murders in the Rue Morgue
A walk in the woods : rediscovering America on the Appalachian Trail
Tutankhamun and the golden chariot
Paws and whiskers : animal tales from Jacqueline Wilson, Michael Morpurgo, Enid Blyton and more!
Storylines : politics, history and narrative from an Arendtian perspective
The Complete Short Stories of Oscar Wilde
Savu sauna (Old Smokey) and other tales
Chasing the sun : stories from Africa
A feast of dragons
A boy learns a lesson about the destructive power of gossip.
Girl in the mirror
The stories that families tell : narrative coherence, narrative interaction, and relationship beliefs
Shards and ashes
Better than fiction. 2, True adventures from 30 great fiction writers
A thousand years of good prayers
Tales for change : using storytelling to develop people and organizations
The Flying Dutchman
Racing Savannah
Dorothy and the wizard in Oz. [4]
P.S. I still love you
More wishing-chair stories
The Snow Tourist
The complete stories. Vol. 1
Give me your heart : tales of mystery & suspence
The first person : and other stories
Abstract: The political conceptions of the National Coalition Party (conservatives) and the Social Democratic Party in Finland in 1960-1970 with the manner of narrating stories.
England and other stories
Women in the city of the dead
The corn maiden and other nightmares
Sauna-pukki : (How to hunting deer ta sauna vay) and other new and original Finnish dialect verses
Under the mistletoe
Day out of days : stories
Noah's knits
The jungle book : Mowgli stories
The virago book of ghost stories. [vol. 1], The twentieth century
We'll always have summer
In the company of mushrooms : a biologist's tale. Elio Schaechter
Secrets and ethics in Ali Smith's novel The Accidental
Let there be laughter : A Treasury of Great Jewish Humor and What It All Means
We'll always have Paris : stories
After rain
To the river : a journey beneath the surface
Stories from the Bible
Resource exploitation in the Arctic : incorrect diagnoses, misinterpretations  and wrong solutions – how to avoid these?
Come, tell me how you live : an archaeological memoir
Batman : Harley Quinn's shocking surprise
Poetry and story therapy : the healing power of creative expression
Eat, pray, love : one woman's search for everything across Italy, India and Indonesia
Collected stories
Tales of St Austins's
Finnish folklore atlas
Sugar and other stories
Best Gay Love Stories
This was the old chief's country
My extremely good story collection
Tales from ancient worlds
Lord Arthur Savile's Crime and Other Stories
The Mammoth Book of SF Stories by Women
The iron warrior
The iron queen
A blink of the screen : collected shorter fiction
The American lover and other stories
This isn't the sort of thing that happens to someone like you
Bob the builder : owners' workshop manual
Journeys and landscapes : Finavia's annual report [2009]
Anne of Green Gables
Mitosis : a Reckoners story
The inheritance
Jerry Cornelius : his life and his times
Little black book of stories
Shakespeare's stories
Development Research for Cramo Plc Annual Report to Meet the Requirements of IR Communications
The adventures of Abdi
The smart princess and other deaf tales : a project of the Canadian Cultural Society of the Deaf
A bit on the side
The Price of Love
Just so stories
Batman : Catwoman's classroom of claws
Storytime Yoga : the treasure in your heart. Yoga and stories for children
Storytelling in Japanese art
Abstract: Hannah Arendt's storytelling: an approach to the understanding contingency.
The best British short stories 2011
The graveyard book
The view from Castle Rock : stories
Life times : stories, 1952-2007
The sun between their feet
Percy Jackson and the greek heroes : Percy Jackson's greek myths
A man who has spent his life making money, but who cannot find happiness, learns some valuable lessons from unlikely sources.
Lounais-Hämeen Luonnonsuojeluyhdistys ry:n toimintakertomus vuodelta 1994 = 1994 annual report of the Nature Conservation Society of South-West Häme
Let there be laughter : a treasury of great Jewish humor & what it all means
A march of kings
Ron's race
Abandon the old in Tokyo
Stories from world religions
Amazing surfing stories
Parnyard pasepall with other anecdotes and tales from Finn taun
The grand voyage : the experience, the narrated experience and the experience economy : an analysis of ocean cruisers' travel blogs
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
A quest of heroes
Gaysia : adventures in the queer east
The call of the wild
The shell collector
A collection of original travel stories told by some of the world’s best novelists, including Isabel Allende, Keri Hulme, Peter Matthiessen, Alexander McCall Smith, Joyce Carol Oates, Téa Obreht and DBC Pierre. Exhilaratingly varied in place, plot, and voice, these tales all share one common characteristic: They manifest a passion for the precious gifts that travel confers, from its unexpected but inevitably enriching lessons about other peoples and places to the truths – sometimes uncomfortable but always enlarging – it reveals about ourselves.
Paddington Bear's first concert : for narrator and piano
Fire in the sky
Understanding outlawry in medieval Iceland
Moonglow : a novel
CIHEC Finnish National Commission : annual report 2008.
Batman. The fog of fear
The agricultural situation in the European Union : 2002 report
The marvelous land of Oz. [2]
The Christmas book
The pedant in the kitchen
Slowly downward : a collection of miserable stories
The Finnish way to travel : verbs of motion in Finnish frog story narratives
Better than fiction : true travel tales from great fiction writers
Amazing fishing stories: : incredible tales from stream to open sea
Great Irish drinking stories : the Craic's the thing
Holiday Ha Ha Ha! : super silly stories by..
Statistical methods for studying mythology : : three peer reviewed papers and a short history of the dragon motif / Julien d'Huy
Cultural heritage cooperation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 5 / editor Helena Edgren ; co-editor and co-ordinator Marianne Lehtimäki
Percy Jackson and the olympians. Books I-III, Collecting The Lightning Thief, The Sea of Monsters, and The Titans' Curse
The 101-year anniversary celebration
The Picador book of contemporary Scottish fiction
Hereward the wake : last of the English
From the host of NPR affiliates Forum with Michael Krasny, a compendium of Jewish jokes that packs the punches with hilarious riff after riff and also offers a window into Jewish culture.Michael Krasny has been telling Jewish jokes since his bar mitzvah, and its been said that he knows more of them than anyone on the planet. He certainly states his case in this wise, enlightening, and hilarious book that not only collects the best of Jewish humor passed down from generation to generation, but explains the cultural expressions and anxieties behind the laughs. "Whats Jewish Alzheimers?""You forget everything but the grudges." "You must be so proud. Your daughter is the President of the United States!""Yes. But her brother is a doctor!" "Isn't Jewish humor masochistic?""No. And if I hear that one more time I am going to kill myself." With his background as a scholar and public-radio host, Krasny delves deeply into the themes, topics, and form of Jewish humor: chauvinism undercut by irony and self-mockery, the fear of losing cultural identity through assimilation, the importance of vocal inflection in joke-telling, and calls to communal memory, including the use of Yiddish. Borrowing from traditional humor and such Jewish comedy legends as Jackie Mason, Mel Brooks, and Joan Rivers, Larry David, Sarah Silverman, Jerry Seinfeld and Amy Schumer, Let There Be Laughter is an absolute pleasure for the chosen and goyim alike.
Results by working together : Metso annual report 2010.
Memory wall
The border town;  a novel
Bodies of water
Men without women
The whole story and other stories
The nightless North : a walk across Lapland
The love object : selected stories
101 places in Italy : a private grand tour, 1001 unforgettable works of art
Rama and Sita : path of flames
Buddhist birth-stories (Jataka tales) : the commentarial introduction entitled Nidāna - Kātha, the Story of the Lineage
The complete stories. Vol. 2
In the sea there are crocodiles : the story of Enaiatollah Akbari
The age of miracles : a novel
Narrative research : voices of teachers and philosophers
Carried away : a selection of stories
A Tidewater morning : three tales from youth
Love hurts
The good story : exchanges on truth, fiction and psychotherapy
Give Me Your Heart : tales of mystery and suspense
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
Letters from the Canary Islands
Siirtolaisuusinstituutin toimintakertomus vuodelta 1987 = Summary of the annual report for 1987 of the Institute of Migration
Life's Too Short
Sourland : stories
