http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24607 printing (output)
printing (output)
Makers : the new industrial revolution
Abstract.
Introduction to printed electronics
Implementing a scalable marketing model for Launzer.com : case : Kalevala Jewerly
In the making : a practice-led enquiry into prototyping in designing a touch-free faucet
3D printing 90 success secrets : 90 most asked questions - what you need to kow
A focus on SLM and SLS methods in 3D printing
Assessing demand for physical objects among marketing agencies : market research for Alphaform RPI Oy
Corner joint for furniture
The new shop class : getting started with 3D printing, Arduino, and wearable tech
Digital handmade : craftmanship and the new industrial revolution
301 inkjet tips and techniques : an essential printing resource for photographers
3D-printers : a beginner's guide
Make : 3D printing projects
Make : 3D printing
Digital fabrications : architectural and material techniques
A simple path to sustainability : green business strategies for small and medium-sized businesses
3D woven scaffolds for bone tissue engineering
Implementing a new printing solution : FollowPrint
Digital watermarking techniques for printed images
3d printing : build your own 3d printer and print your own 3d objects
3D printing : the next technology gold rush : future factories and how to capitalize on distributed manufacturing
A selection of the newest materials and best fabrication techniques for esthetic restorative results are elegantly presented in QDT 2016. Original articles on minimally invasive procedures, CAD/CAM, difficult cases, and the ever-challenging transition zone take center stage this year. The State of the Art article features full-mouth esthetic rehabilitation of the severely worn and compromised dentition, and the Biomaterials Update focuses on self-etching primer as an alternative to strong hydrofluoric and porcelain etching. Rounding out the issue is a special feature on achieving excellence in portrait photography, courtesy of Naoki Aiba.
Color imaging XII : processing, hardcopy, and applications : 30 January - 1 February 2007, San Jose, California, USA
3D printing ; the next industrial revolution
Technology vs. humanity : the coming clash between man and machine
Implementing mass customization : using SAP variant configuration and a 3D printer
3D printing with SketchUp : real-world case studies to help you design models in SketchUp for 3D printing on anything ranging from the smallest desktop machines to the largest industrial 3D printers
Design for 3D printing : scanning, creating, editing, remixing and making in three dimensions
Mastering 3D printing
Bit Bang 5 : changing global landscapes : role of policy making and innovation capability
3D printing of solid dosage forms - effect of polymers on processability and drug release properties
The art and technique of digital color correction
Synthesis of biodegradable photocrosslinkable polymers for stereolithography-based 3D fabrication of tissue engineering scaffolds and hydrogels
Product manufacturing and cost estimating using CAD/CAE
This book tells the story of 3D printers, humble manufacturing machines that are bursting out of the factory and into schools, kitchens, hospitals, even onto the fashion catwalk. The book describes the emerging world of printable products, where people design and 3D print their own creations as easily as they edit an online document. A 3D printer transforms digital information into a physical object by carrying out instructions from an electronic design file, or "blueprint."
Prototyping and Hygiene Demand Assessment of “CoCuCo” Dispenser
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
Hacking the digital print : alternative image capture and printmaking processes with a special section on 3D printing
Beginning design for 3D printing
Integration of inkjet-printing and processing into manufacturing for flexible electronics
3D printing with Autodesk 123D : create and print 3D objects with 123D, AutoCad, and Inventor
Picturing Future Events : Building a Visual Identity for a New Music Festival
3D-Workbench : Design and Development of a 3-Dimension Computer Numerical Controlled Machine
OpenSCAD for 3D Printing
Wohlers Report 2016 : 3D Printing and Additive Manufacturing State of the Industry : Annual Worldwide Progess Report
Digital alchemy : printmaking techniques for fine art, photography, and mixed media
Getting started with 3D printing : a hands-on guide to the hardware, software, and services behind the new manufacturing revolution
Fabricated : the new world of 3D printing
Practical 3D printers : the science and art of 3D printing
Additive manufacturing technologies ; 3D printing, rapid prototyping, and direct digital manufacturing
This thesis concerns the design of a corner joint for furniture. Various joints, as well as the methods used in the design are described in the theoretical part. One of the design goals was to clarify what possibilities 3D printing and design have when manufacturing a corner joint. The main purpose was to design a corner joint for furniture. The research questions included: is 3D printing suitable for manufacturing a corner joint piece? How suitable is a corner joint piece when creating different kinds of furniture? Is it possible to assemble different furniture by using a designed corner joint piece? The design process and how the design process proceeded is explained, along with how and why the results were obtained. The thesis describes how the prototype of the corner joint was manufactured and the challenges that 3D printing presents. The used design methods were brainstorming, mind maps, the Golden ratio, and iterative design. The researched joints were traditional woodworking joints, structural joints and Japanese joints. This thesis researches if 3D printing is suitable for manufacturing corner joints for furniture. It also evaluates how a well-designed corner joint for furniture can be used when assembling different furniture. 3D printing is a suitable yet slow and quite expensive method. 3D printed corner pieces are not very durable. The corner piece is suitable for creating different furniture. It is also possible when assembling different furniture when using corner joint pieces.
Bita'13 : Proceedings of Seminar on Current Topics in Business, Information Technology and Analytics
Printing in plastic : build your own 3D printer
3d printing with biomaterials : towards a sustainable and circular economy
Design and manufacture of plastic components for multifunctionality : structural composites, injection molding, and 3D printing
Smart Technology in Smart Use : UAS Master Symposium IV : Proceedings
Comparison of sintering methods and conductive adhesives for interconnections in inkjet-printed flexible electronics
Getting started with MakerBot
The Book on 3D printing
3D printed science projects : ideas for your classroom, science fair, or home
Legal and economic implications of customization through 3D printing
Ink and paper saving for sustainable printing
Development and characterization of co-amorphous indomethacin-arginine in three-dimensionally printed polymer matrices
Engineering design and rapid prototyping
Out of hand : materializing the postdigital
Customer centric and value-based business model design : impacts of the additive manufacturing technology on firm's business model
The big book of maker skills : tools & techniques for building great tech projects
Nanoparticle sintering methods and applications for printed electronics
3D printing of medical device prototypes
The comparative dynamics of bulk liquid flow and interpolymer diffusion during inkjet ink imbibition in porous coating structures
Designing and implementing a robot gripper using additive manufacturing
A photographer's guide to printing : a selection of classic articles on paper, fixing, pigments and many other aspects of photographic printing / by various authors
Innovative fabric imagery for quilts : must-have guide to transforming & printing your favorite images on fabric
Make : ultimate guide to 3D printing 2014
Abstract: The aim of my research is to look for means to reduce the ink and paper consumption in printing. Previously, all text documents or in this case specifically final year thesis papers' were printed without the awareness of the number of papers used and ink consumed. This thesis leans towards green technology based systems of printing which can be termed as  sustainable printing that can benefit the environment and the cost of production for that case. In the 21th century, global warming and climate changes have been the biggest issues addressed. The emission of a greenhouse gas during the production process of printing  pollutes our environment. Printing is the 3rd largest industry while pulp and paper is the 3rd largest industrial polluter of our environment. This study case explores the impact of printing on the environment and looks for means to reduce it. Ink and paper savings not only save us money but also our environment and native natural resources. Different  online tools such as InkSaver 2.0, ecoPrint2 Pro Ink and Paper Saver, and Ecofont have been analyzed. This research is based on the current thesis guidelines of media engineering students at Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences. I have attempted to modify the thesis  guidelines for saving ink and paper by applying techniques such as choosing the right inkeconomical typeface, a smaller font size, margin and line spacing. Finally, I have tested  the usability of the modified document. This research shows that the modification of typographic parameters and page layout of a document could save us paper and ink.
3D printing is no longer just a figment of your imagination. This remarkable technology is coming to the masses with the growing availability of 3D printers. 3D printers create 3-dimensional layered models and they allow users to create prototypes that use multiple materials and colors. This friendly-but-straightforward guide examines each type of 3D printing technology available today and gives artists, entrepreneurs, engineers, and hobbyists insight into the amazing things 3D printing has to offer. You'll discover methods for the creation of 3D printable objects using software, 3D scanners, and even photographs with the help of this timely For Dummies guide.
Learn excel 2007 essential skills with the smart method
3-D printers for libraries
Printing things : visions and essentials for 3D printing
Inks based on inorganic nanomaterials for printed electronics applications
Entry Level 3D Printers : Usage and Benchmarking
Medical applications of additive manufacturing in surgery and dental care
Characterization of process efficiency improvement in laser additive manufacturing
3d Printing : high-impact emerging technology - what you need to know: definitions, adoptions, impact, benefits, maturity, vendors
Animal-headed bone artefact from Kuuvuori in Turku interpreted - and reinterpreted
3D Printing for Artists, Designers and Makers
Visualizing mathematics with 3D printing
Exploring color photography : from film to pixels
Large scale synthesis of microdroplets for biomedical applications
Inkjet-printed quantum dot hybrid light-emitting devices - towards display applications
Quintessence of dental technology 2016
This book describes in detail modern technologies for printed electronics, explaining how nanotechnology and modern printing technology are merging to revolutionize electronics fabrication of thin, lightweight, large, and inexpensive products. Readers will benefit from the explanations of materials, devices and circuits used to design and implement the latest applications of printed electronics, such as thin flexible OLED displays, organic solar cells, OLED lighting, smart wallpaper, sensors, logic, memory and more.
Printed electronics & diagnostic products : printoCent designer's handbook
3D printing for dummies
Production for print
3D printing, copyright law and useful articles : a new wave of U.S. copyright law expansionism?
While the industrial revolution of the nineteenth century diminished the role of the craftsperson in the manufacturing process, the digital revolution has had a less devastating effect. Today's digital technologies have given rise to entirely new working methods, skill sets, and consumer products that don't eliminate, but enrich traditional hand techniques. Digital Handmade presents eighty international designers, artists, and craftsmen who combine the precision and flexibility of computing and digital fabrication with the skill and tactility of the master artisan to create unexpected and desirable objects and products. These pioneers include Louise Lemieux Bérubé, a Canadian artist whose work integrates photography and weaving; Australian jewelry designer Cinnamon Lee, whose designs explore the relationship between hand and machine; and Japanese artists Nendo, who produce ceramic pieces that employ both digital fabrication and ancient traditional methods.
Even if you've never touched a 3D printer, these projects will excite and empower you to learn new skills, extend your current abilities, and awaken your creative impulses. Each project uses a unique combination of electronics, hand assembly techniques, custom 3D-printed parts, and software, while teaching you how to think through and execute your own ideas. Written by the founder of Printrbot, his staff, and veteran DIY authors, this book of projects exemplifies the broad range of highly personalized, limit-pushing project possibilities of 3D printing when combined with affordable electronic components and materials. In Make: 3D Printing Projects, you'll: Print and assemble a modular lamp that's suitable for beginners--and quickly gets you incorporating electronics into 3D-printed structures. Learn about RC vehicles by fabricating--and driving--your own sleek, shiny, and fast Inverted Trike. Model a 1950s-style Raygun Pen through a step-by-step primer on how to augment an existing object through rapid prototyping. Fabricate a fully functional, battery-powered screwdriver, while learning how to tear down and reconstruct your own tools. Get hands-on with animatronics by building your own set of life-like mechanical eyes. Make a Raspberry Pi robot that rides a monorail of string, can turn corners, runs its own web server, streams video, and is remote-controlled from your phone. Build and customize a bubble-blowing robot, flower watering contraption, and a DIY camera gimbal.
The effect of cationic-anionic polyelectrolyte multilayer surface treatment on inkjet ink spreading and print quality
"In 3D Printing Will Rock the World, John Hornick takes a deep look into the world of 3D printing and its potential future impact on business, manufacturing, science, crime, law, education, and basically, life as we know it."--Back cover.
3D printing will rock the world
Wohlers report 2015 : 3D printing and additive manufacturing state of the industry : annual worldwide progess report
3D printing and additive manufacturing : principles and applications
