http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p246 sexism
sexism
Everyday sexism in the third millenium
Evil sisters : the threat of female sexuality and the cult of manhood
They told you you need to be thin and beautiful. They told you to wear longer skirts, avoid going out late at night and move in groups, never accept drinks from a stranger, and wear shoes you can run in more easily than heels. They told you to wear just enough make-up to look presentable but not enough to be a slut; to dress to flatter your apple, pear, hourglass figure, but not to be too tarty. They warned you that if you try to be strong, or take control, you'll be shrill, bossy, a ballbreaker. Of course it's fine for the boys, but you should know your place. They told you that's not for girls, take it as a compliment, don't rock the boat, that'll go straight to your hips. They told you 'beauty is on the inside', but you knew they didn't really mean it. Well screw that. I'm here to tell you something else. Hilarious, jaunty and bold, this book exposes the truth about the pressures surrounding body image, the false representations in media, the complexities of a sex and relationships, the trials of social media and all the other lies they told us.
The glass Madonna
Every day, small arms and light weapons (SALW) kill and maim, wound and threaten millions of adults and children, whether combatants and civilians in war zones or gangs and communities in degraded "peacetime" environments that are characterized by large-scale violence. Due to their widespread availability, mobility and ease of use prolific SALW have become central to maintaining social dislocation, destabilization, insecurity and crime in the build-up to war, in wartime and in the aftermath of violent conflict. Small arms are misused within domestic settings, as well as in public spaces, and they affect everyone in the community without regard to sex or age. Although the impacts of these weapons can be vastly different for women and men, girls and boys, a careful consideration of gender and age is rare in the formulation of small arms policy, of planning small arms collection or control, or even in small arms research. To counter the effects of prolific SALW, their role in reinforcing and maintaining gender- and age-specific violence must be more deeply analyzed and the results applied at the policy and operational level. This work should be undertaken in war-afflicted contexts, in societies suffering from elevated levels of social violence and/or severe underdevelopment, and in those tolerant of the presence of individually owned firearms. Contributors to this book draw on experience and research from around the world on the nexus of gender, age, violence and small arms in developing and developed countries. Their findings feed into a number of recommendations for future policy formulation, program implementation and research designed to further illuminate and counteract the firing of the "sexed pistol".--Publisher's description.
Philosophy without women : the birth of sexism in Western thought
Teaching "race" with a gendered edge
Mother tongue, father time : a decade of linguistic revolt
Sexed pistols : the gendered impacts of small arms and light weapons
Making sense of race, class, and gender : commonsense, power, and privilege in the United States
Defining and redefining gender equity in education
Male chauvinism : how it works at home and in the office
The psychology of the Internet
'Sex' at 'work' : the power and paradox of organisation sexuality
Sex, politics, and Putin : political legitimacy in Russia
Readings for diversity and social justice
The gender of science
Race, identity and representation in education
Sexism, racism and oppression
Feminist Erasures presents a collection of essays that examines the state of feminism in North America and Western Europe by focusing on multiple sites such as media, politics and activism. Through individual examples, the essays reveal the extent to which feminism has been made (in)visible and (ir)relevant in contemporary Western culture.
Discrimination against men : appearance and causes in the context of a modern welfare state
Sexist language : a modern philosophical analysis
Language and woman's place : text and commentaries
The myth of the revolution : hero cults and the institutionalization of the Mexican State, 1920-1940
The age of scientific sexism : how evolutionary psychology promotes gender profiling and fans the battle of the sexes
Sexist harassment as an issue of gender equality politics and policies at university
Are human beings innately aggressive? Does biology condemn women to remain the second sex? Taking up such biases cloaked as the findings of science, Reed explains that the disciplines closest to human life anthropology, biology, and sociology are permeated with rationalizations for the oppression of women and the maintenance of the established capitalist order.
In almost all critical writings on the horror film, woman is conceptualised only as victim. In The Monstrous-Feminine Barbara Creed challenges this patriarchal view by arguing that the prototype of all definitions of the monstrous is the female reproductive body. With close reference to a number of classic horror films including the Alien trilogy, The Exorcist and Psycho, Creed analyses the seven 'faces' of the monstrous-feminine: archaic mother, monstrous womb, vampire, witch, possessed body, monstrous mother and castrator. Her argument that man fears woman as castrator, rather than as castrated, questions not only Freudian theories of sexual difference but existing theories of spectatorship and fetishism, providing a provocative re-reading of classical and contemporary film and theoretical texts.
The rise of enlightened sexism : how pop culture took us from girl power to girls gone wild
Boys Don't Cry looks at the factors in schools that affect the socialization of boys; at pressures on them to conform to damaging male stereotypes; at relationships between boys and at bullying and aggressive behaviour in general. The book provides an analysis of the ways in which schools may unintentionally reinforce and perpetuate certain aspects of 'masculinity' which operate against the boys' best interests. It also considers some constraints put on boys and looks at how these may affect both their social development and their approach to various learning activities. Women teachers might also be adversely affected by these pressures. The book explores ways in which this is particularly apparent in the 'masculine' atmosphere of boys' schools.
Language, gender and feminism : theory, methodology and practice
Sexism in children's books : facts, figures & guidelines
Do it like a woman : ... and change the world
Feminist fieldwork analysis
Rethinking sexism, gender, and sexuality
Sexism and science
Theorizing feminisms : a reader
Nonsexist research methods : a practical guide
The absent girl in Scouting for Boys
Five women in the civil rights movement of the USA
Women in God's army : genderand equality in the early Salvation Army
Yoga, bhoga, and ardhanariswara : individuality, wellbeing, and gender in Tantra
Communicating gender diversity : a critical approach
In The Redundant Male: Is sex irrelevant in the modern world? British science writers Jeremy Cherfas and John Gribbin ask the question, 'Why do women bother to have sons?' Women would propagate more prolifically if they had only girls; eventually those that had only girls would replace those that wasted their time having boys. This has happened many times in other species, asexual varieties displacing sexual varieties because of more effective reproduction. Why didn't it happen in ours? To answer they lay the groundwork by studying the means of reproduction across species. In some genera asexual species dominate and, in many environments, have displaced sexual species entirely. They find the illustrative examples such as the Jacana, a tropical American bird whose females mate with multiple males, the males incubating the eggs (the males build nests to encourage a female to give them an egg.); hermaphroditic snails and fish (they switch between sex as their relative population warrants, or do both at once.); an insect like the Ascaris Lumbricoides, a parasitic worm whose male lives only in the cloaca of the female; the stickleback, a fish whose male makes the nest and chases the female away after she lays her eggs and raises the fry alone; crocodiles and turtles whose eggs develop into males or females depending upon their temperature (but with an opposite relationship between the two.) The authors search for common threads that explain the diversity of sexual strategies, why different strategies work for different species and where humans fit in this spectrum, relating human physical characteristics to human sexual strategies.
In accessible and jargon-free language, Margrit Eichler provides a systematic approach to identifying, eliminating, and preventing sexist bias in social science research. She begins with a general discussion of the problems and implications of sexism in research, and then identifies four primary sources of bias: androcentricity, overgeneralization, gender insensitivity, and double standards. Three derivative sources of bias -- sex appropriateness, familism, and sexual dichotism -- are also discussed. Each chapter defines a problem and provides illustrative examples drawn from recently published work. In the concluding chapter, Eichler outlines a step-by-step approach to avoiding the intrduction of sexist bias at each phase of the research process. She also provides concrete suggestions for eliminating bias in titles, language, research design, concepts, research methods, data interpretation, and policy evaluations and recommendations. The book includes a Nonsexist Research Checklist that is designed as a handy reference to be used during the research process.
Steamy studs and well rounded girls: sexism in Playboy and Playgirl magazines
Virus of the mind : the new science of the meme
The book is designed to be of interest to women's studies students wishing an introduction to a specifically philosophical analysis of the problem of sex objectification, as well as to philosophers interested in the contemporary moral issues of sexism and sex stereotyping.
Women's reality : an emerging female system in a white male society
Violence and the body : race, gender, and the state
Gender and creative labour
The public and the private
Sexualities in education : a reader
Sexism and stereotypes in modern society : the gender science of Janet Taylor Spence
So sexy so soon : the new sexualized childhood, and what parents can do to protect their kids
Language and woman's place
An actress prepares : women and "the method"
The redundant male : is sex irrelevant in the modern world?
The status of women : violence, identity, and activism
Gender and physical education : contemporary issues and future directions
After pornified : how women are transforming pornography & why it really matters
Physical Sexual Harassment as Experienced by Children at School:in Northern Finland and Northwest Russia
Reclaiming the F word : the new feminist movement
The dark side of game play : controversial issues in playful environments
"In today's p̀ost-feminist' society, feminism is often portrayed as unfashionable and irrelevant. But since the turn of the millennium, a revitalised feminist movement has emerged to challenge these assumptions and assert a vibrant new agenda. Reclaiming the F Word reveals the what, why and how of the new feminist movement and what it has to say about women's lives today. From cosmetic surgery to celebrity culture and parenting to politics, from rape to religion and sex to singleness, this groundbreaking book reveals the seven vital issues at stake for today's feminists, and calls a new generation back to action." "À lucid and lively examination of the state of contempoary feminism from two women who really Know what they're talking about.' Libby Brooks, Guardian" "S̀avvy, witty and politically passionate, Reclaiming the F Word explains what today's feminists want, and describes what they are doing to make it happen,' Deborah Cameron, University of Oxford" "T̀here has never been a better, more exciting time to be a feminist. This book...should be every woman's - and many men's - bedside companion.' Zoe Margolis, aka Abby Lee, author of Girl With A One Track Mind" "T̀his is a book that celebrates feminist history and salutes the new generation of feminism that's emerging.'" "Alison Piepmeier, Women's and Gender Studies Program, College of Charleston" "...practical, positive, and refreshingly free from navel-gazing' Delilah Campbell, Trouble & Strife" "With verve and immediacy, Reclaiming the F Word provides feisty retorts to those tired claims that feminism is dead,' Chilla Bulbeck, University of Adelaide"--BOOK JACKET.
Examines the reasons for our continued consent to traditional sexual arrangements and suggests that female domination of early child care is responsible for a lowering of human intelligence and creativity.
Language, Gender and Feminism presents key contemporary theoretical perspectives, methodologies and analytical frameworks in the field of feminist linguistic analysis. Mills and Mullany cover a wide range of contemporary feminist theories and emphasise the importance of an interdisciplinary approach. Topics covered include: power, language and sexuality, sexism and an exploration of the difference between second and third wave feminist analysis. Each chapter presents examples from research conducted in different cultural and linguistic contexts which allows students to observe practical applications of all current theories and approaches. Throughout oral and written language data, from a wealth of different contexts, settings and sources, is thoroughly analysed. The book concludes with a discussion of how the field could advance and a overview of the various research methods, pertinent for future work in language and gender study.
Sexuality and its discontents : meanings, myths & modern sexualities
From man to human : sexism in English and its manifestations in four English-langauge textbooks from three different decades
We trust our sciences to operate on a plane of objectivity and fact in a world of subjectivity and cultural ideologies, but should we? In The Age of Scientific Sexism, philosopher Mari Ruti offers a sharp critique of the gender profiling tendencies of evolutionary psychology, untangling the insidious threads of various gender mythologies that have infiltrated-or perhaps even define-this faux-science. Selling stereotypes as scientific facts, evolutionary psychology continually brings retrograde models of sexuality into mainstream culture: it insists that men and women live in two completely different psychological, emotional, and sexual universes, and that they will consequently always be locked in a vicious battle of the sexes. Among these regressive arguments is the assumption that men's sexuality is urgent and indiscriminate, whereas women are "naturally" reluctant, reticent, and choosy-a concept constructed to justify masculine behavior, such as cheating, that women have historically found painful. On its most basic level, The Age of Scientific Sexism explores our impulse to "explain" romantic behavior through science: in the increasingly egalitarian gender landscape of our society, why are we so eager to embrace the rampant gender profiling that evolutionary psychology promotes? Perhaps these simplistic gender caricatures owe their popularity, at least in part, to our overly pragmatic society pragmatic society, which encourages us to search for easy answers to complex questions.
Audiovisual translation through a gender lens
Is it okay to call God "Mother" : considering the feminine face of God
Discrimination in organizations : using social indicators to manage social change
The equal opportunities handbook : how to recognise diversity, encourage fairness and promote anti-discriminatory practice
William Blake and gender
Living dolls : the return of sexism
Sexism in the 1970s : discrimination against women: a report of a World Council of Churches consultation, West Berlin, 1974
The issue of sexist language has been hotly debated within feminist circles since the 1960s. Previous books have tended to regard sexism in language as easy to identify and have suggested solutions to overcome and counter sexism. Sara Mills takes a fresh and more critical look at sexism in language, and argues that even in feminist circles it has become a problematic concept. Drawing on conversational and textual data collected over the last ten years, and with reference to recent research carried out in a range of different academic disciplines, Mills suggests that there are two forms of sexism - overt and indirect. Overt sexism is clear and unambiguous, while indirect sexism is based on pragmatics and the meaning and interpretation of utterances. Indirect sexism is extremely common and we therefore need new ways to challenge and analyse its usage in language.
Gender, discourse and power in the Cameroonian Parliament
The 1975 publication of Robin Tolmach Lakoff's Language and Woman's Place, is widely recognized as having inaugurated feminist research on the relationship between language and gender, touching off a remarkable response among language scholars, feminists, and general readers. For the past thirty years, scholars of language and gender have been debating and developing Lakoff's initial observations. Arguing that language is fundamental to gender inequality, Lakoff pointed to two areas in which inequalities can be found: Language used about women, such as the asymmetries between seemingly parallel terms like master and mistress, and language used by women, which places women in a double bind between being appropriately feminine and being fully human. Lakoff's central argument that "women's language" expresses powerlessness triggered a controversy that continues to this day. The revised and expanded edition presents the full text of the original first edition, along with an introduction and annotations by Lakoff in which she reflects on the text a quarter century later and expands on some of the most widely discussed issues it raises. The volume also brings together commentaries from twenty-six leading scholars of language, gender, and sexuality, within linguistics, anthropology, modern languages, education, information sciences, and other disciplines. The commentaries discuss the book's contribution to feminist research on language and explore its ongoing relevance for scholarship in the field.
Sex in public : women, outdoor advertising and public policy
Masculine domination is so deeply ingrained in our unconscious that we hardly perceive all of its dimensions. It is so much in line with our expectations that we struggle to call it fully into question. Pierre Bourdieu's ethnographic analysis of gender divisions in Kabyle society, as a living reservoir of the Mediterranean cultural tradition, provides a potent instrument for disclosing the symbolic structures of the androcentric unconscious which survives in the men and women of our own societies. Bourdieu analyses masculine domination as a paradigmatic form of symbolic violence - the kind of gentle, invisible, pervasive violence which is exercised through cognition and misrecognition, knowledge and sentiment, often with the unwitting consent of the dominated. To understand this form of domination we must analyse both its invariant features and the historical work of dehistoricization through which social institutions - family, school, church, state - eternalize the arbitrary at the root of men's power. This analysis leads directly to the political question: can we neutralize the mechanisms through which history is continuously turned into nature, thereby freeing the forces of change and accelerating the incipient transformations of the relations between the sexes?
Swimming against the tide : African American girls and science education
Outlaw culture : resisting representations
Everyday sexism
Engendering international health : the challenge of equity
Sexism and the war system
Gender in communication : a critical introduction
Whipping girl : a transsexual woman on sexism and the scapegoating of femininity
Race-ing art history : critical readings in race and art history
Professional women in news discourse : "Charming (lethally so), exteremely capable and truculent, when pressed"
Money, sex, and power : toward a feminist historical materialism
"Most sociological work on football fandom has focused on the 'malestream', i.e. the experience of men, and it usually talks about socially 'deviant' behaviours, such as alcohol, fighting and general hooliganism. Yet there have always been female fans of football - even if they have been ignored or written out of the literature. This book shows that there are some unique facets of female experience, including a strong engagement with the new cooperative supporters' trust movement, and fascinating negotiations of identity within this male-dominated world. It draws upon in-depth responsive interviews to put together a broad picture of women's experiences of men's professional football in England. "--
Women, men, and society
Feminism, media, and the law
Learning our lines : sexuality and social control in education
Dehumanizing women : treating persons as sex objects
Boys don't cry : boys and sexism in education
The monstrous-feminine : film, feminism, psychoanalysis
Sex, drugs, and cocoa puffs : a low culture manifesto
This collection features new and original research on the range of sexism still faced every day by women in US society. It documents oppression across ethnic, racial, class, and sexual orientation groups in a wide range of gendered spaces, including the home, the workplace, unions, educational institutions, and the Internet. Exploring the way these different but related systems of oppression interact, the editors come to view sexism not as a static thing, but as part of a "dialectic of domination" in which women are simultaneously oppressed and capable of oppressing others through their discourse and practice. With its broad range of approaches, its focus on discourse and experience in gendered spaces, and its debunking of the personal and societal fictions of gender, this book goes a long way toward explaining why sexism is still so pervasive in everyday life.
Gendered transformations : theory and practices on gender and media
Comprising the most current scholarship from leading experts in the fields of gender and media studies, Gendered Transformations offers readers a new foundation from which to re-examine traditional perspectives on gender. Organized into sections concerning representational politics, embodied performance, and social constructions of reality, these essays explore a wide variety of concerns from a similarly wide variety of perspectives, from essentialist to anti-essentialist. A thought-provoking contribution to a number of disparate fields, Gendered Transformations offers a rare interdisciplinary approach to gender that reflects the most recent developments in media theory and methodology.
Language and sexism
"They should stick to being women" : an analysis of argumentation and judgement in online comments on a BBC news article about gender equality
The gender challenge to media : diverse voices from the field
Headscarves and hymens : why the Middle East needs a sexual revolution
Feminist erasures : challenging backlash culture
Young people, sex, and the media : the facts of life?
Words and women
Promoting Educational Equity through Teacher Empowerment:web-assisted Transformative Action Research as a Counter-Heteronormative Praxis
Do it like a woman... and change the world
The gay tapes : a candid discussion about male homosexuality
The psychology of prejudice
In science's shadow : literary constructions of late Victorian women
Few topics evoke so much anxiety and pleasure, pain and hope, discussion and silence as sexuality. Throughout the Christian era it has been a major moral preoccupation. Since the eighteenth century it has also been the focus of 'scientific' exploration and political activity. But, despite this obsessive concern, we are still as baffled as our predecessors about the 'true' meaning of sex. In this book Jeffrey Weeks unravels the dense web of historical, theoretical and political forces that have culminated in the contemporary crisis of sexual meanings and values. The book begins with a powerful evocation of our present discontents and their potent signs: the rise of the New Right, the retreat of progressive forces and a wave of moral panics around sex. It argues that this crisis is rooted in a tradition which has ascribed an inflated importance to sexuality, whilst claiming a privileged access to truth. The author then examines radical debates of recent years, and asks whether they contain the potentiality for taking us beyond the existing boundaries of sexuality. From this analysis emerges a controversial 'radical pluralist' approach to sexuality built on an acceptance of diversity and choice.
The writing or the sex?, or, Why you don't have to read women's writing to know it's no good
Female football fans : community, identity and sexism
What should we tell our daughters : the pleasures and pressures of growing up female
Language, gender and power : the politics of representation and hegemony in South Asia
Michael Korda writes brilliantly and irreverently about what male chauvinism means, why men act the way they do toward women in business, marriage and sex--ways men are finally being asked to, forced to, abandon. He includes discussions with successful women such as Barbara Walters and Helen Gurley Brown.
Female chauvinist pigs : women and the rise of raunch culture
Women and language in literature and society
A provocative manifesto, Whipping Girl asserts the powerful observations of Julia Serano, a transsexual woman whose supremely intelligent writing reflects her diverse background as a lesbian transgender activist and professional biologist. Serano shares her experiences and observations - both pre- and post-transition - to reveal the ways in which fear, suspicion, and dismissiveness toward femininity shape our societal attitudes toward trans women, as well as gender and sexuality as a whole. Serano's well-honed arguments stem from her ability to bridge the gap between the often-disparate biological and social perspectives on gender. She exposes how deep-rooted the cultural belief is that femininity is frivolous, weak, and passive, and how this "feminine" weakness exists only to attract and appease male desire. In addition to debunking popular misconceptions about transsexuality, Serano makes the case that today's feminists and transgender activists must work to embrace and empower femininity - in all of its wondrous forms.
Schoolgirl fictions
Gender in Communication: A Critical Introduction, Second Edition examines the variety of ways in which communication of and about gender enables and constrains people's identities. Authors Catherine Helen Palczewski and Victoria Pruin DeFrancisco, with Danielle Dick McGeough, demonstrate how communication constitutes gender, rather than presenting gender as an influence on communication. Operating from an intersectional gender diversity perspective, they show how a focus on gender/sex alone omits the richness of diverse gendered lives. In addition, they explore how gender is constructed through interpersonal and public discourse in, about, and by the social institutions of family, education, work, religion, and media. Throughout the book, readers are equipped with critical analysis tools they can use to form their own conclusions about the ever-changing processes of gender in communication.
Re-thinking men : heroes, villains and victims
Sex in the outdoors : a humorous approach to recreation
Girls, boys, books, toys : gender in children's literature and culture
Filth
The representation of women and men in Collins Cobuild English Language Dictionary
The mermaid and the minotaur : sexual arrangements and human malaise
Organizational behaviour and gender
