http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24616 translation studies
translation studies
On translation
La voix du traducteur a l'école = The translator's voice at school. 1, Canons
"Salman Rushdie's writing is engaged with translation in many ways: translator-figures tell and retell stories in his novels, while acts of translation are catalysts for climactic events. Covering his major novels as well as his often-neglected short stories and writing for children, Salman Rushdie and Translation explores the role of translation in Rushdie's work. In this book, Jenni Ramone draws on contemporary translation theory to analyse the part translation plays in Rushdie's appropriation of historical and contemporary Indian narratives of independence and migration."
Theories of translation
Translating worlds : the epistemological space of translation
In Translation Changes Everything leading theorist Lawrence Venuti gathers fourteen of his incisive essays since 2000. The selection sketches the trajectory of his thinking about translation while engaging with the main trends in research and commentary. The issues covered include basic concepts like equivalence, retranslation, and reader reception; sociological topics like the impact of translations in the academy and the global cultural economy; and philosophical problems such as the translator's unconscious and translation ethics. Every essay presents case studies that include Venuti's own translation projects, illuminating the connections between theoretical concepts and verbal choices. The texts, drawn from a broad variety of languages, are both humanistic and pragmatic, encompassing such forms as poems and novels, religious and philosophical works, travel guidebooks and advertisements. The discussions all explore practical applications, whether writing, publishing, reviewing, teaching or studying translations. Venuti's aim is to conceive of translation as an interpretive act with far-reaching social effects, at once enabled and constrained by specific cultural situations. This latest chapter in his developing work is essential reading for translators and students of translation alike.
True north : literary translation in the Nordic Countries
Translation studies
A linguistic theory of translation : an essay in applied linguistics
Toward a translation criticism : John Donne = Pour une critique des traductions : John Donne
Dialogue interpreting : a guide to interpreting in public services and the community
Getting started in interpreting research : methodological reflections, personal accounts and advice for beginners
TRANSST : an international newsletter of translation studies
Eco-translation : translation and ecology in the age of the anthropocene
This title looks at the important role translation studies plays in exploring how words, sounds and images are translated and reinterpreted in new socio-cultural contexts. This volume presents fresh approaches to the role that translation - in its many forms - plays in enabling and mediating global cultural exchange. As modes of communication and textual production continue to evolve, the field of translation studies has an increasingly important role in exploring the ways in which words, sounds and images are translated and reinterpreted in new socio-cultural contexts. The book includes an innovative mix of literary, cultural and intersemiotic perspectives and represents a wide range of languages and cultures. The contributions are all linked by a shared focus on the place of translation in the contemporary world, and the ways in which translation, and the discipline of translation studies, can shed light on questions of inter- and hypertextuality, multimodality and new media in contemporary cultural production. Published in association with the International Association for Translation and Intercultural Studies (IATIS), "Continuum Studies in Translation" aims to present a series of books focused around central issues in translation and interpreting. Using case studies drawn from a wide range of different countries and languages, each book presents a comprehensive examination of current areas of research within translation studies written by academics at the forefront of the field. The thought-provoking books in this series are aimed at advanced students and researchers of translation studies.
This book covers the history of the theory and practice of translation from Cicero to the digital age. It examines all major processes of translation, offers critical accounts of current research, and compares theoretical perspectives on the problems of translation ranging from sacred texts and drama to science and diplomatic interpretation.
The interpreter and translator trainer
Translation in language teaching and for professional purposes : [proceedings of a joint seminar organised by the Centre for Translation and Language Studies, University of Surrey, in association with the British Association for Applied Linguistics, and held at the University of Surrey, Guilford, 3-5 July 1986]. Volume 3, Translation in teaching and teaching translation
Across boundaries : international perspectives on translation studies
Translating children's literature
Under construction : links for the site of literary theory : essays in honour of Hendrik van Gorp
Translating the Middle Ages
A (self-) critical perspective of translation theories = Una visión (auto)crítica de los estudios de traducción
Cross-linguistic corpora for the study of translations : insights from the language pair English-German
The voices of suspense and their translation in thrillers
Translationswissenschaft : alte und neue Arten der Translation in Theorie und Praxis ; Tagungsband der 1. Internationalen Konferenz Translata "Translationswissenschaft: Gestern - Heute - Morgen", 12. - 14. Mai 2011, Innsbruck = Translation studies : old and new types of translation in theory and practice ; proceedings of the 1st international conference Translata "Translation & interpreting research: yesterday - today - tomorrow", may 12-14,2011, Inssbruck
Relevance in the translation of instructions with special emphasis on indirectness and the avoidance of direct personal reference
Translating Children's Literature is an exploration of the many developmental and linguistic issues related to writing and translating for children, an audience that spans a period of enormous intellectual progress and affective change from birth to adolescence. Lathey looks at a broad range of children's literature, from prose fiction to poetry and picture books.
Introducing translation studies : theories and applications
Authorial and editorial voices in translation. 1. Collaborative relationships between authors, translators, and performers
Technical communication : journal of the Society for Technical Communication
English in translation studies : methodological perspectives
Interdisziplinäre Aspekte des Übersetzens und Dolmetschens = Interdisciplinary aspects of translation and interpreting
Modelle der Translation = Models of translation : Festschrift für Albrecht Neubert
Translation : the interpretive model
The translation studies reader
The known unknowns of translation studies
The Oxford handbook of translation studies
The knowledges of the translator : from literary interpretation to machine classification
Claims, changes and challenges in translation studies : selected contributions from the EST congress, Copenhagen 2001
The vision of Dante : Cary's translation of The Divine comedy
In spite of a theory of translation : a quality assessment of a novice translation
Meaning in translation
Quality in interpreting : widening the scope. Volume 1
La voix du traducteur a l'école = The translator's voice at school. 2, Praxis
Reembedding translation process research
Queer in translation
Translation and migration
Thinking through translation with metaphors
Reembedding Translation Process Research' is a rich collection of empirical research papers investigating important new facets of the relationship between translation and cognition. The common thread running through the collection is the notion of "re-embedding" or re-situating the acts of translating and interpreting - and the ways we understand them - within what we now know about the brain, the powerful relationship of brain and body, and the complex interaction between cognition and the environment in which it is embedded. Each chapter focuses on a particular aspect of the overall notion of re-embedding, thereby expanding the breadth of empirical research about translating. This book refuses Descartes' distinction between mind and brain, and reaffirms the highly dynamic, emergent, and interactive nature of cognitive processes in translation. The overarching conclusion is that translation studies should reconsider, re-embed, any model of translation processes that arises without properly accommodating the interdependence of brain, body, and environment in the emergence of cognition.
Miscellanea n. 4 : language teaching, translation, interpretation, communication
Translation as a social activity : [community translation 2.0]
Difficulty of the translation of primary and complex metaphors : an experimental study
Translation changes everything : theory and practice
Interpreting : international journal of research and practice in interpreting
Translation research and interpreting research : traditions, gaps and synergies
Border crossings : translation studies and other disciplines
The client factor : a study of clients' expectations regarding non-literary translators and the quality of non-literary translations
Coordinating participation in dialogue interpreting
Post-editing of machine translation : processes and applications
Routledge encyclopedia of interpreting studies
On self-translation : an exploration in self-translators' teloi and strategies
Cultural distance and literary translation : a descriptive approach
Language-teaching abstracts
Remapping habitus in translation studies
Graphic equivalence in translated texts : a statistical approach
Science of translation
Words, images and performances in translation
Technical communication research : dissemination, reception, utilization
Lost in translation?
Subtitling matters : new perspectives on subtitling and foreign language learning
Translation discourse in early 19th century Finland
The Routledge Encyclopedia of Interpreting Studies is the authoritative reference for anyone with an academic or professional interest in interpreting. Drawing on the expertise of an international team of specialist contributors, this single-volume reference presents the state of the art in interpreting studies in a much more fine-grained matrix of entries than has ever been seen before. For the first time all key issues and concepts in interpreting studies are brought together and covered systematically and in a structured and accessible format. With all entries alphabetically arranged, extensively cross-referenced and including suggestions for further reading, this text combines clarity with scholarly accuracy and depth, defining and discussing key terms in context to ensure maximum understanding and ease of use.
Translation research projects. 3
The art of translation
The translator : studies in intercultural communication
Perspectives: Studies in translatology
The linguist : journal of the Institute of Linguists
The Interpreters' newsletter
Quantitative methods in corpus-based translation studies : a practical guide to descriptive translation research
Textual and contextual analysis in empirical translation studies
Culture-specific perspective and translation
Pragmatic adaptation in translating Skeptics vs creationists: a formal debate from English into Finnish
Salman Rushdie and translation
Translationsforschung : Tagungsberichte der LICTRA, IX. Leipzig International Conference on Translation & Interpretation Studies, 19.- 21.5.2010. Teil 1 & 2
Following the leader : a study of live broadcast simultaneous interpreting in the case of President Barack Obama's first inaugural address
Exploring translation theories
Reflections on translation
The translation of cultural items in Monika Fagerholm's Den amerikanska flickan
Summary: This textbook provides a non- technical introduction to the basic and central concepts of translation theory and practice, including translation briefs, parallel texts and textual functions, cohesion and coherence, and old and new information
Enlarging translation, empowering translators
Translation
Übersetzung ; Translation ; Traduction = ein internationales Handbuch zur Übersetzungsforschung = an international encyclopedia of translation studies = encyclopédie internationale de la recherche sur la traduction. 2. Teilbd
Translation : theory and practice in dialogue
Between cultures and texts : itineraries in translation history = Entre les cultures et les textes : itinéraires en histoire de la traduction
Towards a general theory of translational action : skopos theory explained
Translated! : papers on literary translation and translation studies
"Bring the vast unthinkable down to earth" : popularization and usability in A Short History of Nearly Everything by Bill Bryson and its Finnish translation
Translating from major into minor languages
Übersetzung ; Translation ; Traduction = ein internationales Handbuch zur Übersetzungsforschung = an international encyclopedia of translation studies = encyclopédie internationale de la recherche sur la traduction. 1. Teilbd
Internationale Bibliographie der Übersetzung = International bibliography of translation
Pragmatics : quarterly publication of the International Pragmatics Association
Tracing the boundaries between Hindi and Urdu : lost and added in translation between 20th century short stories
Translating fictional dialogue for children and young people
The art of accidental reading and incidental listening : an empirical study on the viewing of subtitled films
Corpus-based translation studies : research and applications
(re)visiting translation : linguistic and cultural issues across genres
Language teaching and linguistics abstracts
ITI news
The seventh templar : an annotated translation of passages from a historical novel by Juha-Pekka Koskinen
Cartographie des methodologies en traduction = Charting research methods in translation studies
Translating expressive language in children's literature : problems and solutions
Tracks and treks in translation studies : selected papers from the EST Congress, Leuven 2010
The translator as author : perspectives on literary translation : proceedings of the international conference, Università per Stranieri of Siena, 28-29 May 2009
Language international
From the early days of interpreting studies, the notion of quality has attracted the interest of professionals, trainers and scholars alike. Recent years have witnessed a considerable increase in the number of publications on quality, and the continued activity of both individual scholars and research groups testify to the liveliness of this area of research. In the course of this process, research on interpreting quality has become more interdiscilinary and technically sophisticated, widening its scope to cover new interpreting settings and language combinations. This volume attempts to provide an overview of the state of the art in interpreting quality.
Cognitive linguistics and translation : advances in some theoretical models and applications
Translation science and contrastive linguistics : boundary clearing and a neighbourly handshake
Index translationum : répertoire international des traductions = International bibliography of translations = Repertorio internacional de traducciones. 38.
Fundamentals of translation
Text and translation : theory and methodology of translation : Beiträge der Euro-Conference 2004
Translation studies at the interface of disciplines
Wittgenstein in translation : exploring semiotic signatures
This exciting new book explores the present relevance of translation theory to practice. A range of perspectives provides both current theoretical insights into the relevance of theory to translation and also offers first-hand experiences of applying appropriate strategies and methods to the practice and description of translation. The individual chapters in the book explore theoretical pronouncements and practical observations grouped in topics that include theory and creativity, translation and its relation with linguistics, gender issues and more. The book features four parts: it firstly deals with how theories from both within translation studies and from other disciplines can contribute to our understanding of the practice of translation; secondly, how theory can be reconceptualized from examining translation in practice; thirdly reconceptualizing-practice from theory; and finally Eastern European and Asian perspectives of how translation theory and practice inform one another. The chapters all show examples from theoretical and practical as well as pedagogical issues ensuring appeal for a wide readership. This book will appeal to advanced level students, researchers and academics in translation studies.
