http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24600 service business
service business
Woo, wow, and win : service design, strategy, and the art of customer delight
How to Establish a Programme Service Company
Business model analysis in asset management : the case JRS Finanzmandate Gmbh
Virtual goods sales : new requirements for business modelling?
The solution business model : boosting organic growth through cross-functional solution sales
Hotel pricing in a social world : driving value in the digital economy
Success in solution business starts by accepting that solution business is a separate business model, not simply another product category or an extension of the existing product business. This book identifies the business model areas that firms need to focus on when transforming into solution business. It further organizes these areas into three sets of capabilities and practices: commercialization, industrialization, and solution platforms. Commercialization refers to a firm’s ability to understand customers’ value-creating processes and to create solutions that enable improved value creation for customers. It also refers to a firm’s ability to sell the solutions and to receive compensation based on customers’ value-in-use. Industrialization refers to a firm’s ability to standardize the solution in order to create repeatability and scalability.To support repeatability, firms need to develop common processes so that the solutions can be efficiently replicated across regions and time. A solution platform creates the necessary support for an effective solution-business process. The platform consists of subsets of capabilities related to strategic management, management systems, infrastructure support, and human resources. Solution Business: Building a Platform for Organic Growth is the first book to take a comprehensive view of success in solution business, and its relevance therefore extends to all functions of firms wanting to become solution providers. It offers advice for strategy planning, business development, research and development, marketing, sales, supply chain management, operations, finance, planning and control, legal matters, and human resources management. The book is also relevant on many managerial levels. For top management, it provides the agenda for transformation.For functional heads, it illustrates the capabilities that each function needs to develop. For business-unit heads, it shows the areas prone to conflict during the transition towards solution business. And for middle management, it offers a language with which to discuss solution business across functions and regions. The book will also help you self-assess how ready your organization is for success in solution business.
In "Design for Services", Anna Meroni and Daniela Sangiorgi articulate what Design is doing and can do for services, and how this connects to existing fields of knowledge and practice. Designers previously saw their task as the conceptualisation, development and production of tangible objects. In the twenty-first century, a designer rarely 'designs something' but rather 'designs for something': in the case of this publication, for change, better experiences and better services. The authors reflect on this recent transformation in the practice, role and skills of designers, by organising their book into three main sections. The first section links "Design for Services" to existing models and studies on services and service innovation. Section two presents multiple service design projects to illustrate and clarify the issues, practices and theories that characterise the discipline today; using these case studies the authors propose a conceptual framework that maps and describes the role of designers in the service economy. The final section projects the discipline into the emerging paradigms of a new economy to initiate a reflection on its future development.
How to offer quality e-service in a new online store? : Case study: IVANAhelsinki Web shop
Governance of infrastructure networks:development avenues for the Finnish water and sewage sector
Serving customers : global services marketing perspectives
Palveluliiketoiminnan sanasto = Vocabulary of Service Business
Applying Business Model Canvas with Service-Dominant Logic for Child Sponsorship
In a world moving towards services, driving service productivity is a central challenge for leaders and members of all types of organisations: for service businesses there is a clear need to be 'productive', but it is far less clear what this exactly means. In this book, we invite you on a journey that explores the ways, tools and options for driving service productivity. We take an innovator's perspectives and look at the tricky challenge of service productivity as a landscape of options for designing the future of services. Case examples, from the airport, hotel, healthcare, and professional service industry, offer insights in the methods used and approaches taken in business practice. Research results provide food for thought and valuable advice on the path towards superior service productivity. Throughout the book we also listen to the views and advices of interviewed experts from academia as well as business practice on how to drive service productivity. A forecast on how service productivity and service innovation might evolve in the future provides us - and hopefully you as a reader - with the necessary food for thought to develop our own understanding of driving service productivity in different business settings. Overall, this book is not a traditional 'academic product' that summarises the views of a few, but a co-created offering that profited enormously from the contributions of so many.
Marketing plans for service business : a complete guide
Strategic change towards future industrial service business
CoCo tool kit version 1.0 : a co-creation workbook and a collection of tools for service businesses
Marketing plan for event management company : case: Clubworks
What great service leaders know and do : creating breakthroughs in service firms
Advances in the human side of service engineering
Titans of service : building strategic service leadership
Co-creation of integrated service solutions in business networks
Exploring the underlying dynamics of buyer-seller interaction in project afterlife
Exploring pilot projects of a manufacturer on service R&D to understand service as an accounting object
The aim of this thesis is to provide the commissioner ZEF Ltd. with important points of considera-tion when entering the US market. The subject was agreed with the commissioner to support their business expansion abroad, and the desired results of this thesis will point out certain matters that may have gone unnoticed if it was not for this thesis. The purpose is to help ZEF have a suc-cessful market entry to the US. Mainly online sources were used for the theoretical background in order to ensure up-to-date information and practical approach. To support the knowledge provided by theory, a semi-structured interview covering all the four themes was conducted with Juho Risku, the co-founder and partner at Butterfly Ventures, due to his experience in operating a business in the US. The interview was used together with the theory to form a coherent knowledge base. The results show that ZEF needs to take into account each of the four themes introduced in this thesis. They should consider all the practicalities of establishing an office in a foreign country from entry strategies to market differences. After entering the country, the company needs to consider different ways of networking in order to establish relationships with business partners and cus-tomers. Also, ZEF needs to consider their marketing and sales operations, especially whether to use both inbound and outbound marketing, and whether their product is ready for the market or not. The final consideration is the arrangement of customer support, as customer support locating only in Finland is not going to be sufficient, and ZEF will face the need to recruit more employees in the US. This thesis was conducted when ZEF was not yet operating in the US. Therefore, as the situation and the companys plans may change during their US operations, further research could be done on each of the four themes or the situation as a whole. For example, continuously changing mar-keting methods can bring new research ideas, and the arrangement of customer support will face challenges as the US customer base grows bigger.
Service economy revolution and digitalisation : Finland's growth potential
Linkages between employee and customer perceptions in business-to-business services : towards positively deviant performances
Investigations for a small business development in the field of hotel industry in Finland
Design for services
The economic ascent of the hotel business
Managing services : challenges and innovations
Spare part business analysis and development
Governance of infrastructure networks : development avenues for the Finnish water and sewage sector
Towards service modularity - service and business model development
This study examines emerging service markets1 and creates a model to capture both the service provider's activities within market development and the interplay between different market actors. This work aims to identify the key elements behind sustainable market development, specifically examining 1) market activities, 2) the role of innovation and 3) the necessary evolutionary factors, where a market consists of multiple buyers and sellers and comparable market offerings.The empirical part of the study is conducted in the form of a qualitative case study, which is used to analyse the dynamic nature of emerging market development. The study uses a multi-method approach to data collection to capture the market's evolution and relationships between market actors. The study follows emerging energy saving market development taking the perspective of an Energy Service Company in Dubai.As the main outcome of the study, it is argued that the service provider needs to direct its activities to build those relationships necessary to gain market acceptance and a coherent market offering before it can truly exploit market opportunities. As a characteristic of an emerging market, different interpretations of an innovation increase market dynamics, which slows market acceptance. Therefore, the service provider's innovation process needs to serve market needs first; later, when the market has evolved, the innovation process is divided into co-innovation and structured innovation. From the evolutionary point of view, many service markets need to be fostered by market actors, as well as needing government-built regulatory and market support mechanisms. This need is especially valid for services that have other societal goals beyond pure financial interests.For a new service provider, an understanding of emerging markets is essential to appropriately set expectations and to accuratelyplan for the timing and effort needed for market entry.
The new service society
Solution business : building a platform for organic growth
Measuring performance in service business
Business Modelling for ICT based services targeted to Intellectually Disabled People
Setting the table : lessons and inspirations from one of the world's leading entrepreneurs
Customer Retention in E-commerce business
Market Analysis of Solar Water Heating in Hospitality Industry, Thailand
The Brazilian market for forestry machinery : case: Ponsse Latin America Ltda
The operational environments of the Finnish and Swiss mobile operators
Servitization: synthesis and direction forward
TestCell -service business model
Role of service and data reuse in enterprises
Games as services : final report
Emergence of an energy saving market : the rise of energy service companies
Resource access and creation in networks for service innovation
Summary: 'This is an essential resource for managers and scholars interested in services marketing. It covers the topic comprehensively and in novel ways. All the luminaries in the field are represented. Buy this book and you will be up to date on the field.' - Valarie Zeithaml, UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School, US. The Handbook of Service Marketing Research brings together an all-star team of leading researchers in service marketing to explore many of the hottest topics in service marketing today. Cutting-edge topics include: customer relationships and loyalty, customer-centered metrics, managing customer contacts, product and pricing, digital service marketing, rethinking the marketing function, and service for society. This book, which includes authors from both academia and industry, will provide academics with an invaluable current view of the field and practitioners with a window into the latest academic thinking. With chapters from internationally renowned contributors, this comprehensive yet concise Handbook will appeal to service marketing academics, researchers and service practitioners.
E-business innovation and process management
The customer service solution : managing emotions, trust, and control to win your customer's business
Service systems implementation
Resilient and proactive utilization of opportunities and uncertainties in service business
Organizing service operations in manufacturing
Business planning: Excellence institute of language training
Institutionalizing cloud infrastructure : major change factors and business reformations
Growth acceleration : boosting organic growth through cross-functional solution sales
Solution business in marine equipment markets : case Taurus
Marketing Your Service Business
Understanding neogrowth : an invitation to sustainable productivity
Service operations management : improving service delivery
Visions of hospitality and tourism business
Designing for service : key issues and new directions
Service oriented enterprises
Service operations management : the total experience
A service-dominant perspective on payment for ecosystem service offerings
Examining business models of Software-as-a-Service companies
How to build an experience differentiation strategy for software business : customer values perspective
Industrial solution business : transition from product to solution offering
Customer value co-creation through reverse use of customer data
Changing institutions and consumer-driven development of forest products and servicess
Selling the invisible : a field guide to modern marketing
Handbook of service marketing research
Foundations of service science a aragmatic approach
Has been written in a critical scholarly manner at an advanced level for postgraduate students. It is an edited book, taking a global perspective and addressing global trends.
An exploration of the characteristics of co-creation in the B2B service business
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
The art of managing professional services : insights from leaders of the world's top firms
Services for Europe : strategic research agenda and implementation action plan for services
Business model captured?:variation in the use of business models
Essays on globalization and evolving competitive strategies of Finnish MNEs : transitioning from products to services and solutions
China as an opportunity and a challenge for Western service providers
Design at your service : how to improve your business with the help of a designer
Servitization and solution provision of manufacturing companies :a contingency theoretical analysis
Introduction to hospitality
Radical business model transformation : gaining the competitive edge in a disruptive world
Business plan for establishing an auto car-washing service in Hanoi, Vietnam
Exploring the transformation of media sector through the lens of service-dominant (S-D) logic
Market entry to US : IT company ZEF Ltd
Proceedings of the 11th EuroFM research symposium : 24-25 May 2012 in Copenhagen, Denmark
Research of the mobile LBS in China and its future strategies
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
A business and marketing plan for the cleaning company Hardmakers Oy
Introducing a New Business Model : Die Storage Service for Purso Oy
The book is a collection of perspectives on service and service management written by leading researchers in the field. It considers the range and importance of services, the challenges of managing services and recent contemporary innovations in services and service management.
Integrating business models and knowledge management
Business model captured? : variation in the use of business models
Internationalisation models of open source software business services
"How can manufacturers of capital goods succeed in service business development? What are the potential network approaches for manufacturing companies planning on extending their service business? Over the last decade, the business environment of capital goods manufacturers has changed dramatically. Few capital goods manufacturers are able to outrun the competition with pure product-related technologies and innovation alone. For this reason they have added services to products as a way of responding to eroding margins and the loss of strategic differentiation through product innovation and technological superiority. Based on over twelve years of research, this book provides academics and business professionals with a thorough overview of the strategies available for value creation through service business development. It features case studies and covers a wide range of topics, including emerging issues such as service business in small and medium-sized companies, business innovation through services and the impact of rapidly growing Asian markets"--
The Dark side of international business? : stakeholder approach to human trafficking in finnish service and construction sectors
Management of service businesses in Japan
The future of service business innovation
Service innovation : novel ways of creating value in actor systems
This book is a guide for everyone interested in managing services profitably. It is based on substantial research with leading academic experts whom we call Titans, and provides a practical and insightful frame- work for business leaders, the educational community and students.
The present state and future prospects of a manpower pool as part of project business
Service design and delivery
Business model viability of Galileo Commercial Service
Service business development : strategies for value creation in manufacturing firms
Digital service concepts and business models : current state and future prospects
Analysis of logistic process : Measuring performance using balanced score card
Sarlin : in the service of industry and society : the history of the company
Helps you understand consumer psychology to drive profits and growth. This title explains how consumers perceive services and shows you how toenhance the customer experience - every time. It identifies and demystifies the psychological triggers behind customer behavior.
Emergence of wireless services : business actors and their roles in networked component-based development
Developing the business practices of an SME operating in the music service industry : a perspective on organic growth and development as led by the owner-manager
A Calculation Model of Service Business Potential –  Case LKI Käldman Ltd.
Business Plan     : Case: Liujun Consulting Service
Made to serve : how manufacturers can compete through servitization and product service systems
The business of design : balancing creativity and profitability
Business support services for SMEs in Namibia : present state and development
Marketing plans for services : a complete guide
Understanding service businesses / : applying principles of unified services theory
Effective, agile and trusted eServices co-creation : proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Electronic Commerce : ICEC 2013, August 13-15, Turku, Finland
Driving service productivity : value-creation through innovation
Service systems management and engineering : creating strategic differentiation and operational excellence
The science of service systems
More value from security : redefining value creation and service provision in security services
FUTUAeroport : visions and futures of service landscape and innovations at tomorrow's airport. II
Handbook of service science
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
How to improve the process and profitability of the calibration and repair services in a high-tech company
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The Clients’ Perceptions of the UK as a Business Location and the Services of UK Trade and Investment
Golf tourism
Paths towards pioneering in service business
Case studies in service innovation
