http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2467 reports (memorandums)
reports (memorandums)
Nils Westermarckin arkisto 1934-1989
"By expanding the definition of "epistle" to include any writing that addresses the intended receiver directly, JaHyun Kim Haboush introduces readers to the rich epistolary practice of Chosŏn Korea. The Chosŏn dynasty (1392-1910) produced an abundance of epistles, writings that mirror the genres of neighboring countries (especially China) while retaining their own specific historical trajectory. Written in both literary Chinese and vernacular Korean, the writings collected here range from royal public edicts to private letters, a fascinating array that blurs the line between classical and everyday language and the divisions between men and women. Haboush's selections also recast the relationship between epistolography and the concept of public and private space. Haboush groups her epistles according to where they were written and read : public letters, letters to colleagues and friends, social letters, and family letters. Then she arranges them according to occasion : letters on leaving home, deathbed letters, letters of fiction, and letters to the dead. She examines the mechanics of epistles, their communicative space, and their cultural and political meaning. With its wholly unique collection of materials, "Epistolary Korea" produces more than a vivid chronicle of pre- and early modern Korean life. It breaks new ground in establishing the terms of a distinct, non-European form of epistolography."-- Back cover.
Natural science in archaeology in Denmark, Iceland, Norway and Sweden : a report to the European Science Foundation Committee for Archaeology
The joy of learning : a national strategy for lifelong learning
Autonomy for the national museums and the museum services in the Netherlands : background and documentation = La privatisation des musees nationaux et des institutions auxiliaires aus Pays-Pas : justifications et documents = Verselbständigung der staatlichen Museen und andere Museumsdiensstellen in den Niederlanden : hintergründe und dokumente
A proposal for the degree and syllabus reform of teacher education in the Finnish institutions of higher education : a summary of the report by the 1973 committee on teacher education (1975:75)
Saami Affairs Committees and Reports: Finland
Saami Affairs Committees and Reports: Sweden
Saami Affairs Committees and Reports: Norway
English summary.
Epistolary Korea : letters in the communicative space of the Chosŏn, 1392-1910
Report on Lapp affairs : [finnish state commission 1949-1951]
Appeal of the Representatives of the Baltic Nations to the General Assembly of the United Nations
A summary: Of the report by the 1973 committee on teacher education (1975:75).
