http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24634 foreign affairs journalists
foreign affairs journalists international news correspondents
Mapping Foreign Correspondence in Europe
From pigeons to news portals : foreign reporting and the challenge of new technology
Age of Ambition : chasing fortune, truth, and faith in the new China
"A vibrant, colorful, and revelatory inner history of China during a moment of profound transformation"--
Confessions from correspondent-land : the dangers & delights of life as a foreign correspondent
International journalism
Foreign correspondents and international newsgathering : the role of fixers
Americanah : a novel
Mapping foreign correspondence in Europe
"A vibrant, colorful, and revelatory inner history of China during a moment of profound transformation From abroad, we often see China as a caricature: a nation of pragmatic plutocrats and ruthlessly dedicated students destined to rule the global economy--or an addled Goliath, riddled with corruption and on the edge of stagnation. What we don't see is how both powerful and ordinary people are remaking their lives as their country dramatically changes. As the Beijing correspondent for The New Yorker, Evan Osnos was on the ground in China for years, witness to profound political, economic, and cultural upheaval. In Age of Ambition, he describes the greatest collision taking place in that country: the clash between the rise of the individual and the Communist Party's struggle to retain control. He asks probing questions: Why does a government with more success lifting people from poverty than any civilization in history choose to put strict restraints on freedom of expression? Why do millions of young Chinese professionals--fluent in English and devoted to Western pop culture--consider themselves "angry youth," dedicated to resisting the West's influence? How are Chinese from all strata finding meaning after two decades of the relentless pursuit of wealth? Writing with great narrative verve and a keen sense of irony, Osnos follows the moving stories of everyday people and reveals life in the new China to be a battleground between aspiration and authoritarianism, in which only one can prevail"--
The global freelancer : telling and selling foreign news
Through the looking glass : China's foreign journalists from Opium Wars to Mao
The convulsive history of foreign journalists in China starts with newspapers printed in the European factories of Canton in the 1820s. It also starts with a duel between two editors over the future of China and ends with a fistfight in Shanghai over the revolution. This book tells the story of China's foreign journalists.
Foreign affairs news and the broadcast journalist
A young woman from Nigeria leaves behind her home and her first love to start a new life in America, only to find her dreams are not all she expected
