http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24628 ecosystem services
ecosystem services
Principles of ecosystem stewardship : resilience-based natural resource management in a changing world
Regional assessment of climate change in the Mediterranean. Volume 2, Agriculture, forests and ecosystem services and people
Introduction to forests and renewable resources
This study explains the role of forests in the hydrological cycle, with a particular focus on critical, "red flag" forest situations such as mountainous or steep terrain, river and coastal areas and swamp ecosystems, as well as the special case of mountainous small islands. It addresses the protection of municipal water supplies and emerging systems of payment for watershed services.--Publisher's description.
The indigenous agroforestry systems of the south-eastern Rift Valley escarpment, Ethiopia : their biodiversity, carbon stocks, and litterfall
Policy support guidelines for the promotion of sustainable production intensification and ecosystem services
Baltic Sea in Estonian and Finnish media : discussed topics and stakeholders
What is land for? : the food, fuel and climate change debate
Payments for ecosystem services as a road to sustainability? : a case of forest dispute in Muonio, Northern Finland
Save and grow : a policymaker's guide to sustainable intensification of smallholder crop production
Peatland restoration and ecosystem services : science, policy, and practice
"Despite the growing popularity of the concept of ecosystem services, policy makers and practitioners continue to struggle with the challenge of translating it into practice. Drawing on a range of interdisciplinary perspectives, this volume takes up the challenge to provide a framework for the effective implementation of simple concepts into complex ecosystem-related decision-making. Addressing the measurement, valuation and governance of ecosystem services, the book is specifically designed to guide students and policy-makers from definitions and measurements to applications in terms of policy instruments and governance arrangements. Each chapter discusses key methodological approaches, illustrating their applications at various scales by drawing on case studies from around the world. Presenting a range of perspectives from across many fields, this text ultimately considers the crucial question of how ecosystem service delivery can be safeguarded for generations to come"--
Collaborative planning of urban green infrastructure : need, quality, evaluation, and design
Ecological functions and human wellbeing depend on ecosystem services. Among the ecosystem services are provisional (food, feed, fuel, fiber), regulating (carbon sequestration, waste recycling, water cleansing), cultural (aesthetic, recreational, spiritual), and supporting services (soil formation, photosynthesis, nutrient cycling). Many relationships of various degree exist among ecosystem services. Thus, land use and soil management to enhance biospheric carbon sinks for carbon sequestration requires a comprehensive understanding on the effects on ecosystem services.
Functional assessment of wetlands : towards evaluation of ecosystem services
Addressing the demand for and supply of ecosystem services in agriculture through market-based and target-based policy measures
Treetops at risk : challenges of global canopy ecology and conservation
Urbanization, biodiversity and ecosystem services : challenges and opportunities: a global assessment
The justices and injustices of ecosystems services
Ecosystem services and carbon sequestration in the biosphere
Assessing the land cover and land use change and its impact on watershed services in a tropical Andean watershed of Peru
The ecosystem services approach in corporate sustainability : results from industrial plantation forestry in China
Conserving and valuing ecosystem services and biodiversity : economic, institutional and social challenges
Ecosystem services from agriculture and agroforestry : measurement and payment
Forest management of Mediterranean forests under the new context of climate change : building alternatives for the coming future
Impacts of indigenous and exotic tree species on ecosystem services : case study on the mountain cloud forests of Taita Hills, Kenya
Economic valuation of ecosystem services provided by coastal habitats in Finland, Sweden, and Lithuania
Economic evaluation of climate change impacts : development of a cross-sectoral framework and results for Austria
Carbon sinks and climate change : forests in the fight against global warming
The Lviv Forum on Forests in a green economy for countries in Eastern Europe, Northern and Central Asia
Biodiversity, ecosystem functioning, and human wellbeing : an ecological and economic perspective
Cost-benefit analysis of green roofs in urban areas : case study in Helsinki
Conservation agriculture and sustainable crop intensification : a Zimbabwe case study
Paying for biodiversity : enhancing the cost-effectiveness of payments for ecosystem services
Volume 2: Focuses on the tensions that arise between people and wildlife on agricultural land, and explores how to mitigate them. It investigates the common sources of conflict and the consequential threats to conservation, discussing a variety of solutions and demonstrating the benefits of an evidence-based, interdisciplinary strategy.
Ecosystem management: issues and trends
Bioeconomy and ecosystem services - synergy or conflict? : horizontal and vertical policy analysis, modelling and orchestration in practice : Final Conference Proceedings of FPS COST Action FP1207
Ecosystem services' change and vulnerability amid climate change : catchment areas and water bodies
Enhancing farmland biodiversity throug environmental fallows : effects of fllow type and landscape
Ecological forest management handbook
Urban ecosystem services at the plant-soil interface
Wildlife conservation on farmland. Volume 1, Managing for nature on lowland farms
Law, tropical forests and carbon : the case of REDD+
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
This book is a further key output of TEEB (The Economics of Ecosystems and Biodiversity). It provides important new evidence of growing corporate concern about biodiversity loss and offers examples of how some leading companies are taking action to conserve biodiversity and to restore ecosystems. It reviews indicators and drivers of biodiversity loss and ecosystem decline, and shows how these present both risks and opportunities to business. It examines the changing preferences of consumers for nature-friendly products and services, and offers examples of how companies are responding. The book also describes recent initiatives to enable businesses to measure, value and report their impacts and dependencies on biodiversity and ecosystem services. A range of practical tools to manage biodiversity risks in business is reviewed, with examples of how some companies are using these tools to deliver added business value. It is shown how companies can take action to avoid, minimize and mitigate biodiversity and ecosystem service risks, using compensation ('offsets') where appropriate, based on the concept of Net Positive Impact. As a result they can grasp new business opportunities linked to biodiversity and ecosystem services, such as increasing cost-efficiencies, new products and new markets.The authors explore emerging business models that seek to deliver biodiversity benefits and ecosystem services on a commercial basis, the enabling frameworks needed to stimulate investment and entrepreneurship to realize such opportunities, and the obstacles that must be overcome. Overall, the book examines how businesses can align their actions in relation to biodiversity and ecosystem services with wider corporate social responsibility initiatives, including community engagement and poverty reduction"
Valuation of ecosystem services for assessment of cost of deforestation, and analysis of its drivers with implications for sustainable forest management in Ghana
Mapping ecosystem services using participatory geographical information systems : a case study from Southwest Finland
Paludiculture - productive use of wet peatlands : climate protection - biodiversity - regional economic benefits
Managing a boreal forest landscape for the simultaneous production of collectable goods and timber revenues
Forests : a very short introduction
Europe's ecological backbone : recognising the true value of our mountains
Ecosystem services and global trade of natural resources : ecology, economics, and policies
Forests in a market economy
The provision of forest ecosystem services. Volume I, Quantifying and valuing non-marketed ecosystem services
Our threatened oceans
Integrated planning and management in the Baltic Sea Region : a GIS-model elaborated in Gotland
Changing flows of ecosystem services : understanding local outcomes of biodiversity conservation in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
Principles of ecological landscape design
Climate vulnerability : understanding and addressing threats to essential resources. Vol. 4, Vulnerability of ecosystems to climate
Biodiversity and climate change : linkages at international, national and local levels
Global forest monitoring from earth observation
Biodiversity and ecosystem services in impact assessment : from components to services
Community forest monitoring for the carbon market : opportunities under REDD
Earth observation of ecosystem services
What has nature ever done for us? : how money really does grow on trees
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
Concepts and considerations for the synthesis of ecosystem goods and services in Finland
Economic valuation of ecosystem services provided by urban green spaces in terms of stormwater quantity management
Wetland environments : a global perspective
Forest landscapes and global change : challenges for research and management
Environmental entrepreneurship : markets meet the environment in unexpected places
Economic valuation of ecosystem services of the Gulf of Finland : a pilot study with the choice experiment method
Literature review of ecosystem service virtual laboratories
"The economic development that was initiated by the Industrial Revolution has been self-consciously intensive in the use of natural resources. The pace hasn't slowed. Since the end of the 2nd World War even as world population and average income per person have grown at unprecedented rates, humanity's reliance on natural resources in large measure have increased correspondingly"--
Ecosystem services : global issues, local practices
Ecological networks in an agricultural world
Forests and water : a thematic study prepared in the framework of the Global Forest Resources Assessment 2005
Urban forests : ecosystem services and management
Values, payments and institutions for ecosystem management : a developing country perspective
Climate change, air pollution and global challenges : understanding and perspectives from forest research
Large-scale ecology : model systems to global perspectives
Volume 1: Integrates more than 30 years of research by the Wildlife Conservation Research Unit at Oxford to reveal how agricultural systems and wildlife interact, presenting examples from scales varying from microcosm to landscape, individuals to populations, and covering plants, invertebrates, birds, and mammals, with the purpose of fortifying the evidence base for managing outcomes. It considers the implications of agricultural development for natural habitats, biodiversity, and the provision of essential ecosystem services.
On environmental governance : sustainability, efficiency, and equity
Sustaining life : how human health depends on biodiversity
Ecosystem services : from biodiversity to society. Part 1
Our uncommon heritage : biodiversity change, ecosystem services, and human wellbeing
Forestry, economics and the environment
The economics of ecosystems and biodiversity in business and enterprise
Seasonally dry tropical forests : ecology and conservation
Forestry economics : a managerial approach
Terrestrial ecosystem ecology : principles and applications
A service-dominant perspective on payment for ecosystem service offerings
Introduction to forestry and natural resources
Ecosystem services : from concept to practice
Global biodiversity finance : the case for international payments for ecosystem services
Coupled biogeochemical cycles and ecosystem services : extended abstracts of the scientific seminar
Provides a combination of selected case studies, combined with authoritative and thought-provoking editorial syntheses, to demonstrate how ecological study (often long term), combined with a flexible, interdisciplinary approach, is a consistently effective strategy to tackle the most pressing challenges facing farmers, conservationists, and policy makers today. It is aimed at student and professional academics as well as conservation practitioners and policy makers, both government and non-government.
Towards a sustainable and genuinely green economy : the value and social significance of ecosystem services in Finland (TEEB for Finland) : synthesis and roadmap
Vulnerability assessment of ecosystem services for climate change impacts and adaptation : VACCIA. Climate change is here already : will ecosystem services be disrupted, will we adapt to change?
Forests, trees and human health
"Ecosystem services are hot, and they have been hot for a while. In 1998, Costanza et al. published their famous article about the societal value produced by ecosystems through ecosystem service delivery, an article which at the time this introduction was written was cited more than 10,000 times. In 2005, the Millennium Ecosystem Assessment (MEA) framed the need to protect biodiversity and the world's ecosystems in terms of ecosystem services (MA 2005)"--
The provision of forest ecosystem services. Volume II, Assessing cost of provision and designing economic instruments for ecosystem services
Payments for environmental services, forest conservation and climate change : livelihoods in the REDD?
Abstract: Ecosystem services research to serve the governance of the environmental and natural resources.
Biodiversity conservation and poverty alleviation : exploring the evidence for a link
Sustainable forests : earthscan reference collections. Volume 4, Forest policy, economics and governance
The significance and sustainability of charcoal production in the changing landscape of Dakatcha Woodland, SE Kenya
Assessing impacts of intensified biomass removal and biodiversity protection on European forests
Ecological engineering design : restoring and conserving ecosystem services
City meadows : vitality from a living heritage
Valuing climate change mitigation : applying stated preferences in the presence of uncertainty
Effects of taxes and climate policy instruments on harvesting of managed forests and on tropical deforestation
Exploring people's perception of biodiversity and ecosystem services in Taita Hills, Kenya
"Biodiversity change is the biggest environmental problem of our time. It leads to much more than species extinctions, affecting the food we eat, the diseases we face, our vulnerability to fire and flood, and our ability to adapt to climate change. Our Uncommon Heritage explores the many dimensions of human-driven biodiversity change. It integrates ecology, economics and policy to examine the causes and consequences of changes in ecosystems, species and genes, and to identify better ways to manage those changes. It explores the place of biodiversity in the wealth of nations, the rights and responsibilities people have for natural resources at local, regional, national and international levels, and the challenges faced in protecting the common good at the global level. This is an important book for students and researchers in the fields of conservation and sustainability science, ecology, natural resource economics and management. It also has much to say to those engaged in international conservation, health, agriculture, forestry and fisheries policy"--
The sustainable role of the tree in environmental protection technologies
