http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24629 search engine marketing
search engine marketing
The art of SEO : mastering search engine optimization
How to reach more target customers by search engine optimization (SEO) and search engine advertising (SEA) : Case: Clean Solutions Finland Kb
Outsmarting social media : profiting in the age of friendship marketing
Integrated marketing communications emphasizing future marketing communications solution : company X case study
Author Tom Hutchison provides instructions on how to set up a website, and then promote you or your client, and the website. Includes information on maximizing your site to increase traffic, online grassroots marketing tactics that will advance your career and how to best utilize social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter
Audience, relevance, and search : targeting Web audiences with relevant content
SEO made simple : strategies for dominating the world`s largest search engine
The essential guide to small business online marketing
The art of digital marketing : the definitive guide to creating strategic, targeted, and measurable online campaigns
Teach yourself visually search engine optimization (SEO)
The aim of the presented paper is to give guidelines for SMEs and marketers for the beginning of the Internet marketing process in Russia. For many SMEs Internet marketing is not used efficiently, often because of a lack of knowledge or interest. Russia is a unique market, and Internet marketing there is no exception. The focus of this paper is in Search Engine Optimisation (SEO), which basically is a process which increases a website's visibility in a search engine, such as Google or Yandex. The amount of reliable reference material in English is very limited. The author's experience in working as an entrepreneur operating in the field of Russian Internet marketing was utilized in this paper. Two projects are used as references – Artic-kaihdin Oy's Russian website and Gardiset Finland Oy's website. This study presents the features of Internet marketing and how they can be implemented. The special importance of SEO is highlighted, as Russia has its own search engine, Yandex. The dominant role of Yandex is evident, which is why SEO has to be done for Yandex. The SEO process for Yandex differs from that of Google's, although the basic principle is the same – make and put relevant content on the website. Internet marketing is highly measurable. Calculation of Return On Investment (ROI) is fast and simple. Measurements and analyses serve as the bases of successful Internet marketing. All features of Internet marketing can be suggested to most SME's if results of the campaigns are analyzed.
Advanced Web Metrics with Google Analytics
The Art of Digital Marketing is the comprehensive guide to cracking the digital marketing 'code', and reaching, engaging, and serving the empowered consumer. Based on the industry's leading certification from the Digital Marketing Institute (DMI), this book presents an innovative methodology for successful digital marketing: start with the customer and work backwards.
Tactical SEO : the theory and practice of search marketing
Digital marketing strategy for a case company
Optimize : how to attract and engage more customers by integrating SEO, social media, and content marketing
Music recommendation and discovery : the long tail, long fail, and long play in the digital music space
BuyerRank : online social network analysis for viral marketing : a method of online social network analysis
Guide to using social media for BelleGames
Search engine optimization : rank well in Google
Win the game of Googleopoly : unlocking the secret strategy of search engines
Low-budget online marketing for small business
Gives step-by-step, practical guidance on how to build a brand online. Through exploring topics like content marketing, social media, search optimisation and web analytics, this book develops a robust framework for brand planning, channel selection and measuring the effectiveness of your brand campaigns.
Digital and social media marketing : a results-driven approach
Web marketing for the music business
Ultimate guide to Google AdWords
Advanced Google AdWords
Inbound marketing : attract, engage, and delight customers online
Revenue management : a path to increased profits
Optimizing AdWords : a guide to using, mastering, and maximizing Google AdWords
Search engine optimization and advertising in social media : case: Total Sec
Internet advertising and sales
SEO step-by-step : The complete beginner's guide to getting traffic from Google
Global search engine marketing : fine-tuning your international search engine results
The art of SEO
Outsmarting Google
The art of digital branding
Guideline for companies: creating digital marketing communications plan
Search engine advertising : buying your way to the top to increase sales
CMS website search engine optimization : case study: Europe-internship.com
Search engine optimization : your visual blueprint for effective internet marketing
Digital branding : a complete step-by-step guide to strategy, tactics and measurement
Digital marketing : strategy, implementation and practice
Beyond viral : how to attract customers, promote your brand, and make money with online video
How to Increase Search Engine Visibility by Using Basic SEM and SEO Tecniques : Case: Voglia Oy
Improve Search Engine Optimization
Online Marketing Handbook for Emerging Jewelry Importer: Case Divina Katalina
The potential and usage of search engine marketing (SEM) in Finnish SMEs
The effectiveness of contextual advertising in promoting a new online business : case: Gojaba, Inc
Internet marketing : an hour a day
Complete B2B online marketing
Impact and return on investment of online marketing strategies for small and medium enterprises
Entrepreneur Magazine's ultimate guide to pay-per-click advertising
From the publisher. The book shows readers, in a practical and comprehensive way, how to harness the power of digital media and use it to achieve the utmost success for their businesses. It explains how to choose online marketing channels in order to get products and services to market. It explores in detail such areas as search marketing, affiliate marketing, e-mail marketing, creative online executions, and digital marketing strategies.
Inbound marketing : Case Immelmökit Oy
Guidelines for starting Internet marketing in Russia
Targeted : how technology is revolutionizing advertising and the way companies reach consumers
Understanding digital marketing : marketing strategies for engaging the digital generation
Web design and marketing solutions for business websites
A complete must-read guide for anyone wanting to turn their hobby, craft or art skills into a successful business. Covering everything you ever wanted to know, Fiona gives clear, simple advice on the importance of identifying markets, focusing on a USP, assessing the competition, making sure the price is right and setting goals. The book includes sections on product photography, branding. and legal matters. The book has particular emphasis on online selling, with detailed information on markets, blogging, using social media and the importance of analytics and SEO (search engine optimisation). Information on offline selling is included too, with notes on on selling at craft fairs, trade fairs and markets, selling through retail outlets, running courses and workshops, and featuring work in the media.
Web marketing all-in-one for dummies
Moving towards a deeper understanding of search marketing and the industry as a whole, this insightful book will help you truly grasp the opportunities, challenges and value that SEO can bring to an online presence in the long term, leading to a more strategic and nuanced approach.
Effectiveness of online marketing campaigns : an investigation into online multichannel and search engine advertising
Part history, part guidebook, part prediction for the future, this book tells the story of the companies, individuals, and innovations driving this revolution. It takes readers behind the scenes - examining the growth of digital advertising, its enormous potential, and the technologies that are changing the game forever
Marketing through search optimization : how people search and how to be found on the Web
Internet marketing : integrating online and offline strategies
Learn to harness the full power of Google Analytics. Clifton shows you analytics that are advanced enough to give you all the crucial decision-making insights, yet simple enough to digest and quickly implement in a clever way.
Inbound marketing in practice : Case study: Lainaaja.fi
Re-engineering a website for Internet marketing purposes
English summary: Unfair competition in Finland in the time of network economy.
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2013 : proceedings of the International Conference in Innsbruck, Austria, January 22-25, 2013
Get up to speed with online marketing : how to use websites, blogs, social networking and more to promote your business
Revenue management : a practical pricing perspective
The new rules of marketing & PR : how to use social media, online video, mobile applications, blogs, news releases, and viral marketing to reach buyers directly
Craft a creative business : making & marketing a successful creative business
Unfair competition in Finland in the time of network economy.
"Rank higher in search results with this guide to SEO and content building supremacyGoogle is not only the number one search engine in the world, it is also the number one website in the world. Only 5 percent of site visitors search past the first page of Google, so if you're not in those top ten results, you are essentially invisible. Winning the Game of Googleopoly is the ultimate roadmap to Page One Domination. The POD strategy is what gets you on that super-critical first page of Google results by increasing your page views. You'll learn how to shape your online presence for Search Engine Optimization, effectively speaking Google's language to become one of the top results returned for relevant queries. This invaluable resource provides a plan that is universal to any business in any industry, and provides expert guidance on tailoring the strategy to best suit your organization.Coverage includes an explanation of the mechanics of a search, and how to tie your website, paid ads, online reputation, social media, content, images, and video into a winning SEO strategy that pushes you to the front of the line.The Page One Domination strategy incorporates all the ways in which you can beef up your Internet presence and online reputation. This book is a clear, straightforward guide that will knock down the silos of the Internet and teach you exactly how to integrate all aspects of content creation into a synergistic, SEO strategy. Understand how search engines return results Design an effective, all-encompassing SEO strategy Create the content that gets page views and improves rank Optimize social media and video as part of an overall SEO plan The rules of SEO are always changing, and following outdated rules can actually work against you, burying you at the bottom of the pile.This book will spark a paradigm shift in how you think about SEO and gives you the tools you need to craft a strategy tailored to your specific market. To be successful, you need to be on page one of Google, and Winning the Game of Googleopoly can show you how to get there"--
Search Engine Optimization Case St.Lapland : Creating a Plan to Increase the Traffic Volume on the Website
Local online advertising for dummies
Do you own a small business? Are you making use of online marketing to generate awareness, and make more sales? It is not enough anymore to just have a website. The traditional business landscape has changed and unless you are engaging your clients online via multiple channels you are leaving money on the table and giving your competitors an advantage. This book will simply and effectively explain what you need to be doing to secure the future success of your business in the new digital economy. By reading this book you will learn how to: Build a solid online presence that generates a predictable and repeatable flow of new business, month in and month out Automate your client follow up so you are free to work on other aspects of your business Structure your online presence for maximum effectiveness Engage you customers and prospective customers so that you are the only choice in your category. -- (back cover).
Search engine optimization as a marketing tool in the branding process of an online start-up company
Guideline for companies : creating digital marketing communications plan
The internet as a marketing medium : an introduction to search engine optimization
The environment in marketing communications of any business is constantly changing and developing. New technological advancements, globalization, the Internet and others communication channels open new paths for business marketers. Consumer marketing has many opportunities to reach audience via media for example. In business-to-business marketing the rules are quite different and noise surrounding the messaging is difficult to recognize and block. Company X provides industrial and municipal solutions in both domestic and global markets. There are varieties of communications strategies available which is why I saw this as an opportunity to learn about something that is very current and valuable for the company. Though the company has many successful strategies already existing, I wanted to come up with some new ideas. Web Medias are the trendiest channels in current business and knowledge on that are is quite narrow. This is why the main focus in this thesis surrounds the web environment. The future IMC implementations of Company X are also discussed. The literature review is collected from web sources that tend to be more up to date and books provided by local libratory and online archives. Also, a research case study was conducted in order to evaluate the current online visibility of the company.
Search engine optimization all-in-one for dummies
Ecommerce inbound marketing : how to sell better than Amazon
How to get your website noticed
Searchial marketing : how social media drives search optimization in web 3.0 / Alan Glazier
E-marketing plan- Case study E.Luhta Oy Ltd
Turn clicks into customers : proven marketing techniques for converting online traffic into revenue
The role of Internet marketing in finnish tourism industry
The laptop millionaire : how anyone can escape the 9 to 5 and make money online
Inbound marketing : get found using  Google, social media, and blogs
Start your own e-business : your step-by-step guide to success
