http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24644 poems
poems
New music - New poetry
St. Nadie in winter : Zen encounters with loneliness
Forecasting the rain of Óðinn : referentiel ambiguity in kennings referring to POETRY
Poetic formulas in late medieval Icelandic folk poetry : : the case of  Vamb̂arljóð
The riverred earth
Hildebrandslied 65b : suggestions for a new reading and interpretation
Poetry and story therapy : the healing power of creative expression
The great critics : an anthology of literary criticism
What happens when the queen burps? : laugh-out-loud jokes, riddles and rhymes
Infinity net : the autobiography of Yayoi Kusama
The ode less travelled : unlocking the poet within
Words from a deaf child : simple lyrics and song-poems of deafness, love, and life
Dead redhead
King Fjalar : a poem in five songs
Chant of the bear
The poems & sonnets of William Shakespeare
Behind the text : reconstructing the voice of a singer
The secret life of poems : a poetry primer
The critical writings of James Joyce
Picturing the otherworld : imagination in the study of oral poetry
Rromane paramicha = stories and legends of the Gurbeti roma
The lure of the limerick : an uninhibited history
Pop goes the weasel : the secret meanings of nursery rhymes
Jazz A-B-Z! : an A to Z collection to jazz portraits
The great modern poets
Wai guo shi zhong guo hua = Foreign poetry reproduced in Chinese painting
Collected poems in English and French
Collected poems
The nation's favourite children's poems
Letter composed during a lull in the fighting
Key to modern poetry
Higher gossip : essays and criticism
The poems & sonnets of William Shakespeare : with an introduction and bibliography
New poems book three. Book 3
A lover sings : selected lyrics
Editing skaldic verse and the problem of prosimetra
Heelloy : modern poetry and songs of the Somali
Selected poems
My village : rhymes from around the world
Beyond the Rainbow
One
Controlling desires : sexuality in ancient Greece and Rome
Eadweard Muybridge
Trigger warning : short fictions & disturbances
The poems of Charles Reznikoff : 1918-1975
New approaches to Ezra Pound : a co-ordinated investigation of Pound's poetry and ideas
Contemporary poetry of the Low Countries
The collected poems of Emily Dickinson
Yellow tulips : poems, 1968-2011
Whitman illuminated : song of myself
Listening to poetry in a dead language : could dróttkvætt have been trochaic?
Trigger warning : short fictions and disturbances
Jelly pie
Sanoja words paroles : näyttely kansainvälisten taiteilijoiden runoja = Sanoja words paroles : an exhibition of artists' poems
The Christianisation of Latin metre : a study of Bede's De arte metrica
Beyond remembering : the collected poems of Al Purdy
Opened ground : selected poems 1966-1996
A reader's guide to T. S. Eliot : a poem-by-poem analysis
Poetry into song : performance and analysis of lieder
Prince of stories : the many worlds of Neil Gaiman
On the poet and his craft : selected prose of Theodore Roethke
A night out with Robert Burns : the greatest poems
A casebook on Dylan Thomas
Although it is commonplace in scholarship today to talk about a 'system' of kennings or 'kenning system', critical discussion has tended to take the qualification 'system' for granted and left this topic  unexplored. The present paper presents a study of extended kennings which reveals that the systemic network of kennings have different referents. It shows that kennings for MAN / WARRIOR are at the  center of this network.
Twentieth-century American poetry
The complete works of William Shakespeare
Collected poems : 1934-1953
Map : collected and last poems
Don't ask me what I mean : poets in their own words
A history of haiku in two volumes. Volume two : From Issa up to the present
Zhongguo shige xin chang = Appreciation of Chinese poetry
'The Bees' is a collection of poetry from the pen of Poet Laureate, Carol Ann Duffy. Weaving through the book is its presiding spirit, the bee, symbolizing what we have left of grace in the world and what is most precious for us to protect.
Re-evaluating oral poetry : research on the composers ́ field
Lokrur, Lóðurr and late evidence
Sound of poetry
Bright Memory : the Poetry of Dorothy Miles
The Old Norse poetic form stikki
Flight of the Marie Helena : A Musical Narrative
In Concert with The Dub Band
"Man is the measure of all things" : the system of kennings as a tangible object
The haiku handbook : how to write, share, and teach haiku
The Pelican guide to English literature. Volume 1 : The age of Chaucer
The Sonnets
British and American classical poems : in continuation of Ludwig Herrig's "Classical authors"
Poem of the deep song = Poema del cante jondo
The collected poems of Robert Burns
101 poems that could save your life
Kuningamäng ['King Game'] : an echo of a prehistoric ritual of power in Estonia
Selected poems 1908-1959
My day and age : selected poems
Australian poems to read to the very young
Milk and honey
Conference report : Jubilee seminar for the opening of the Runosong Academy : 8.-10.10.2010 Kuhmo, Finland
Selected poems of Langston Hughes
The biscuit joint : poems
101 poems for children : a laureate's choice
The rose that grew from concrete
"Support your right to arm bears" : animal imagery in Gary Snyder's poetry
Selected poetry
Degrees of well-formedness : the formula principle in the analysis of oral-poetic meters
Rebel poets of America
The 52 project started with a simple idea: Write a poem a week. Start now. Keep going. This book brings together the 52 prompts written by poet Jo Bell and by guest poets, so that you can pick up the challenge yourself. With poems to illustrate each prompt, it's an anthology as well as a book of lively and engaging exercises for all poets.
Seasonal works with letters on fire
Eldritch tales : a miscellany of the macabre
Breath tracks
Gestures : poetry
Bright, dusky, bright
This article advocates a reassessment of imagination in the study of oral poetry, theorizing imagination as a tool for research. It addresses imagination's role in constructing unseen worlds through oral poetry, which dialogically  structures understandings of the experiential world. It argues for a unified approach to imagination operating in mythic and other discourses. Kalevala-metre poetry provides an illustrative case..
Marilyn Monroe : fragments : poems, intimate notes, letters
This article presents the results of the metrical analysis of Estonian regilaul. The results demonstrate that the meter of oral poetry is subject to variation and should not be treated as a static and petrified phenomenon. The choice of methodology for the analysis of meter in a metrically variable oral tradition is also discussed.
Burns by himself
To write a republic : American political poetry from Whitman to 9/11
The collected poems of Samuel Beckett
Poems and essays
The bees
The great enigma : new collected poems
The (de)construction of mythic ethnography I : is every þurs in verse a þurs?
Burns : a study of the poems and songs
Ajan viira : juhlaruno Tamfeltille sen täyttäessä 200 vuotta 17.5.1997 : a bicentennial poem for Tamfelt Corp. = Time is a wire
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
How can you tell who's talking? - transitions between direct speech and narration in Vambarljóð
Extraordinary mode of singing by Finlanders
The SKVR database of ancient poems of the Finnish people in Kalevala meter and the semantic Kalevala
Dialogies in rhyme : the performative contexts of Cretan mantinádes
An American prayer
A great big ugly man came up and tied his horse to me: A book of nonsense verse
Book of longing
The days run away like wild horses over the hills
Collected poems in English
The lay of Aotrou and Itroun : together with The Corrigan poems
Gathering the sun : an alphabet in Spanish and English
The Old English metrical calendar (Menologium)
My God is smiling at me!
Black rainbow : how words healed me : my journey through depression
Distinguishing continuities : textual entities, extra-textual entities and conceptual schemas
Collected poems 1934-1953
Japanese life and character in senryu
Revolting rhymes
The poetical works of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. 2.
Poems on the underground
Poetry and prose of William Blake
War all the time : poems 1981-1984
The Penguin Book of Canadian Verse
Greatest love poems : a comprehensive anthology of the world's finest romantic verse
A history of haiku in two volumes. Volume one : From the beginnings up to Issa
Sir Henry Neville was Shakespeare : the evidence
Prison
The complete poems of Walt Whitman
Pleasures of the Damned / poems, 1951-1993 ; edited by John Martin
Spoon river anthology
The importance of being ernest
The hill
Travels to the ends of the earth : the far north and south depicted in paintings, poems, photographs and stories
Wuthering heights and selected poems
Ways of reading : advanced reading skills for students of English literature
Sigvatr Þórðarson's Vestrfaravísu and Cnut the Great's conquest of Norway in 1028
A child's garden of verses
"Satan still in gaze" : Satan's point of view in Eve's representation in Milton's Paradise lost
Source and target text-orientation in drama translation : an analysis of four translations of William Shakespeare's Julius Caesar
A Shropshire lad : Complete in verse and song
The Christmas book
Play the Piano drunk like a Percussion Instrument until the Fingers begin to bleed a bit
Woolgathering
Honey and salt
Pole dancing to gospel hymns
Goddesses unknown I : Njǫrun and the sister-wife of Njǫrðr
Poems by children
Encyclopedia of poetry and poetics
Interperformative relationships in Ingrian oral poetry
Moon on the meadow : collected poems
The Mystery unfolds
Grapefruit : book of instructions
Riimi "tyst" ä vailla = Poem and rhyme : bon laugh and claim
Music from apartment 8 : new and selected poems
Patti Smith tells real and imagined stories from her childhood.
The poetry home repair manual : practical advice for beginning poets
Alexander Pope's collected poems
Selected poems 1947-1995
On the case of Vambarljóð I : comments on formulaicity in the sagnakvæði
The concept of the world creation in Karelian epic songs
T4 : a novel in verse
Peace of mind : words of wisdom to confort & inspire
Zoo of dreams
Auguries of innocence
The way it was and the way it is
"Do not, folk of the future, bring up a child crookedly!" : moral intervention and other textual practices by Elias Lönnrot
COLLECTED POEMS IN ENGLISH AND FRENCH
Sons + fathers : words and images supporting the Irish Hospice Foundation
On the case of Vambarljóð II : register and mode from skaldic verse to sagnakvæði
This paper evaluates the limited evidence of a particular Old Norse poetic form called stikki, identified, or potentially identified, in only five sources. These sources are critically reviewed in order to  assess what, if any, generalisations can be made about stikki poetry.
The lay of the bell
Regional variation in folkloric meter : the case of Estonian runosong
An anthology of concrete poetry
W.B. Yeats
The tradition of Icelandic sagnakvæði
