http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24610 ink-jet printing
ink-jet printing
The effect of cationic-anionic polyelectrolyte multilayer surface treatment on inkjet ink spreading and print quality
Development of anti-biofilm wound dressings by inkjet printing
Colorimetry as quality control method for ink jet printed vitamin and indomethacin formulations
Inkjet-printed quantum dot hybrid light-emitting devices : towards display applications
Water-based inkjet inks in water circuits of DIP lines and possibilities for removal
Nanoparticle sintering methods and applications for printed electronics
Inkjet-printed quantum dot hybrid light-emitting devices - towards display applications
Inks based on inorganic nanomaterials for printed electronics applications
Inkjet printing of antibacterial coatings on resin composite implant material
Integration of inkjet-printing and processing into manufacturing for flexible electronics
Characterization and modeling of inkjet printed high frequency interconnections
Digital alchemy : printmaking techniques for fine art, photography, and mixed media
The comparative dynamics of bulk liquid flow and interpolymer diffusion during inkjet ink imbibition in porous coating structures
Fine art printing for photographers : exhibition quality prints with inkjet printers
The print collections of the National Galleries of Scotland reveal a diverse and dazzling variety of different techniques and approaches to printmaking. From exquisite copperplate engravings by the old masters to woodblocks cut on kitchen tables, this book examines key works by artists from Durer to Warhol and beyond, giving readers an introduction to printmaking as an art form and an understanding of the different working methods and materials. Through technical summaries and featured examples, 'The printmaker's art' draws on the print and archive collections to illustrate and explain the mysteries of printmaking.
In this thesis several novel inks based on dry inorganic powders enabling magnetic, piezoelectric and memory resistive (memristive) function were researched for printed electronics applications. Low curing temperature screen-printable magnetic inks for high frequency applications based on dry cobalt nanoparticles were developed in the first part of the work. Three publications were achieved. The first one concentrated on ink formulation and its process development, the second on the utilization of multifunctional surfactant, and the third on the development of the inks for plastic substrates. The magnetic inks developed were cured at 120 °C. The electrical performance, microstructure, surface quality and mechanical durability of printed and cured layers were investigated. Relative permeability values up to 3 and related loss tangents up to 0.01 were achieved at 2 GHz frequency, as well as a pull-off strength of up to 5.2 MPa. The maximum loading level of cobalt nanoparticles was 60 vol-%, after which the stability of the ink started to degrade. The developed ink enabled the miniaturization of a patch antenna.In the second part of the thesis, the formulation of inks based on piezoelectric ceramic particles in powder form with ferroelectric polymers as a matrix material is introduced. The performance and quality of the printed inks and cured layers were investigated. The measured pull off -strength was up to 3.25 MPa, relative permittivity was up to 48 at 1 kHz and piezoelectric constant d31 up to 17 pm/V. The printed piezoelectric layer can be utilized in a pressure sensor.In the third part of the thesis, the development of inks for a novel printed memory component, a memristor, is researched. A synthesis route was developed for an organometallic precursor solution, which was formulated into inkjet-printable form. The printing tests were carried out in order to find t he most feasible layer thickness with memristive behaviour. The influence of substrate materials and different thermal treatments on the components’ electrical properties, durability of read/erase -cycles and overall lifetime were also investigated. The prepared memristive patterns remained functional for up to 35 days, while the precursor solution remained usable for over a year. The memristive areas withstood up to 30 read/erase cycles and by utilizing heat treatments the shift in resistance value increased by up to three orders of magnitude.
The printmaker's art : a guide to the processes used by artists from the Renaissance to the present day
The chemistry of inkjet inks
Comparison of sintering methods and conductive adhesives for interconnections in inkjet-printed flexible electronics
