http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2468 terracotta
terracotta
Modeling the figure in clay
The Qin terracotta army : treasures of Lintong
Qin shi huang di ling = Mausoleum of Emperor Qin Shihuang
Deliciae fictiles IV : architectural terracottas in ancient Italy : images of gods, monsters and heroes : proceedings of the international conference held in Rome (Museo Nazionale Etrusco di Villa Giulia, Royal Netherlands Institute) and Syracuse (Museo Archeologico Regionale Paolo Orsi), October 21-25, 2009
The polychromy of antique sculptures and the terracotta army of the first Chinese emperor : studies on materials, painting techniques and conservation
Acquarossa : results of excavations conducted by the Swedish institute of classical studies at Rome and the Soprintendenza alle antichità dell'Etruria meridionale. Vol. 5, The head antefixes and relief plaques, pt. 1 : A reconstruction of a terracotta decoration and its architectural setting
The first emperor : China's Terracotta Army
Includes articles and brief biodata of potters.
Form and many forms of mother clay : contemporary Indian pottery and terracotta : exhibition and catalogue
TERRA-COTTA WARRIORS & HORSES AT THE TOMB OF ..
Earth and fire : Italian terracotta sculpture from Donatello to Canova
Terracottan pots : painting and decorating
The eternal army : the terracotta soldiers of the first Chinese emperor
The Graeco-Roman terracotta figurines of Finland and their collectors
The birth of art in Africa : Nok statuary in Nigeria
The making of sculpture : the materials and techniques of European sculpture
Catalogue of the terracottas in the Department of Greek and Roman Antiquities, British Museum
The Seleucid and Parthian terracotta figurines from Babylon : in the Iraq Museum, the British Museum and the Louvre
The brilliantly expressive clay models created by Gian Lorenzo Bernini (1598-1680) as "sketches" for his works in marble offer extraordinary insights into his creative imagination. Although long admired, the terracotta models have never been the subject of such detailed examination. This publication presents a wealth of new discoveries (including evidence of the artist's fingerprints imprinted on the clay), resolving lingering issues of attribution while giving readers a vivid sense of how the artist and his assistants fulfilled a steady stream of monumental commissions. Essays describe Bernini's education as a modeler; his approach to preparatory drawings; his use of assistants; and the response to his models by 17th-century collectors. Extensive research by conservators and art historians explores the different types of models created in Bernini's workshop. Richly illustrated, Bernini transforms our understanding of the sculptor and his distinctive and fascinating working methods.
The figure in fired clay
The Nabatean terracotta figurines
Terra-cotta skyline : New York's architectural ornament
Ceramics in context
Playing with fire : European terracotta models, 1740 to 1840
Art deco and modernist ceramics
From Indian earth : 4,000 years of terracotta art : [exhibition]
The mummy : tomb of the dragon emperor
Emperor Qin Shihuang's eternal terra-cotta warriors and horses : a mighty and valiant underground army over 2200 years back
Catalogue of terracottas : Cypriote, Greek, Etrusco-Italian and Roman
Bernini : sculpting in clay
Greek terracottas
Corinth : results of excavations conducted by The American School of Classical Studies at Athens. Vol. 18, Part 6, The Sanctuary of Demeter and Kore : the inscriptions
Terracotta art of Bengal
The terracotta revival : building innovation and the image of the industrial city in Britain and North America
Leave a light on : terracotta lamps from Agia Paraskevi of Arachamitai, from the classical period to Roman times
Terracotta : the technique of fired clay sculpture
The Terracotta Army and treasures of the First Emperors of China
The majesty of all under heaven : the eternal realm of china's first emperor = Yi tong tian xia : Qin shi huang di de yong heng guo du
The underground terracotta army of Emperor Qin Shi Huang
THE BEGINNINGS OF JAPANESE ART
Architectural ceramics, their history, manufacture and conservation : a joint symposium of English Heritage and the United Kingdom Institute for Conservation, 22-25 September, 1994
Indian terracotta sculpture : the early period
The first emperor : China's entombed warriors = Qin Shihuang ji qi di xia da jun
The beginnings of Japanese art
Deliciae Fictiles. 2, Proceedings of the second International Conference on Archaic Architectural Terracottas from Italy held at the Netherlands Institute in Rome 12-13 June 1996
The Qin dynasty terra-cotta army of dreams
Symbols of wealth and power : architectural terracotta decoration in Etruria and Central Italy, 640-510 B.C
Qinshihuangling bingmayong = Terra-cotta warriors & horses at the tomb of Qin Shi Huang
The land within the passes : a history of Xian
Egyptianizing figurines from Delos : a study in Hellenistic religion
China's terracotta army
Early hellenistic Athens : symptoms of a change
This is a unique book to accompany an extraordinary new exhibition of one of the greatest archaeological discoveries of the 20th centuries, the Terracotta Army of the First Emperor of China. The Terracotta Army is evidence of the organisational power of the Qin Dynasty that unified China in 221 BC. It has become a symbol of China's long and coherent cultural history and, now that China is rapidly developing, it reminds the world of China's future potential. This book unfolds the historical and archaeological context of the Terracotta Warriors, and explores the new research and excavation that has been carried out in the years since the first discovery in 1974. The book is divided into five sections, all written by experts in the field. The first chapter concentrates on the Qin's rise and military conquest and unification of the Warring States. The second chapter explores the Qin Empire, its ideology and practices, and the emperor's achievements and legacy. The third chapter examines imperial tours and mountain inscriptions, and the fourth focuses on the mausoleum itself and the rituals that surrounded it. The fifth and final chapter, the crux of the book, examines the site itself, the Terracotta Army, the various new excavations that have taken place and future plans. Large numbers of the Terracotta Army's men and horses, displayed in military formation, are illustrated with striking photography. Their manufacture is explained and demonstrated with moulds, inscriptions, broken warriors and heads of warriors. Also illustrated and discussed are fascinating new discoveries such as terracotta bureaucrats, acrobats and strong men, life-size bronze birds, hundreds of suits of stone armour and terracotta warriors with coloured faces preserved with new technology.
The terracotta warriors : the secret codes of the emperor's army
Ritual terracottas and terracotta toys of Darbhanga
Resurrection of the legion = Fùhuó de jūntuán
Catalogue : Etruria and Central Italy 450-30 B.C
The Graeco-Roman terracotta figurines of Finland and their collectors / Leena Pietilä-Castrén
THE GRAMMAR OF JAPANESE ORNAMENT
The ceramic design book : a gallery of contemporary work
Catalogue of Greek terracottas in the British Museum. Vol. 3
The Spartans
Catalogue of the terracottas in the British Museum. vol. 4, Ptolemaic and Roman terracottas from Egypt
The terracotta warriors
Terracottas in the Allahabad Museum
Corinth : results of excavations conducted by The American School of Classical Studies at Athens. Vol. 18, Part 5, The Sanctuary of Demeter and Kore : the terracotta sculpture
Deliciae fictiles III : architectural terracottas in ancient Italy : new discoveries and interpretations : proceedings of the international conference held at the American Academy in Rome, November 7-8, 2002
Qin Shihuang : die Terrakottaarmee des Ersten Chinesischen Kaisers = the terracotta army of the First Chinese Emperor
Arts of Africa : 7000 years of African art
Pots for the living, pots for the dead
