http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24740 liturgical music
liturgical music
Exploring music as worship and theology : an interdisciplinary method for studying liturgical practice
Favourite anthem book. 1, Twenty-five anthems for SATB
Hebrew Music
The great service ; Songs of Sundrie natures 1589 ; Psalmes, songs and sonates 1611
Let Zion move : Music of the Shakers
Sacred music
Vigil : selections from the All-Night Vigil of the Orthodox Christian Church
Tibetan mantras and chants
Lamentations of Jeremiah
Jewish voices in the new world : Chants and prayers from the American colonial era
Schola Cantorum. 1
The liturgy of the hours in East and West : the origins of the divine office and its meaning for today
An introduction to Gregorian chant : Richard L. Crocker
Stiftsbibliothek Sankt Gallen : Codices 484 & 381. 1, Kommentar = Commentary
Ave Maria : monastic chants in the Middle Ages
Anthems
The eucharistic liturgy : liturgical music
Schola Cantorum. 2
Orthodox shrines of the Russian north : Anthology the Solovki Monastery : Part II
Favourite anthem book. 8 : Twenty anthems for SATB
People's church, people's music : ucontextualization of liturgical music in an African church
The office of Holy communion : Collecium regale : for the King's College, Cambridge
The new Novello book of short & easy anthems for mixed-voice chorus
Russian Orthodox church music. Selected hymns & chants from the All-Night Vigil
Gregorian chant experience
A choral tapestry
A discussion of Anglican psalm singing and its application to singing psalms in the Finnish language
The covenant
Choral music of
The Liturgy of St John Chrysostom, Op. 32
Jewish songs : religious and folk melodies
Historical dictionary of sacred music
The parish book of chant : a new collection of Gregorian chant
Russian Orthodox church music. Vol. 12, The Liturgy of St. John Chrysostom
Favourite anthem book. 7 : Twenty-five anthems for SATB
La grande aventure du motet polyphonique = The Polyphonic motet from Ars Antiqua to the Renaissance
Classic anthems : for mixed-voice choirs
Psalms and motets for reflection
Treasures of the Helsinki University Library : the late-medieval hymnary manuscript from St. Olaf's Church at Kalanti
Orthodox vigil service
Schola Cantorum. 5
Visions of liturgy and music for a new century
The 'Oxford & Cambridge' services
Music of the middle ages I
The divine liturgy of the orthodox church : St. Vladimir's liturgical chorale
Are those congas in the pulpit? : hymns, alabanza y adoracion (praise and worship) music, and the Evangelical subculture of Western Cuba
Sacred treasures : Choral masterworks from Russia and beyond. Vol. 3.
The genius of Mozart : His choral music SATB
The passion of Martin Luther King : for bass-baritone, chorus (SSAATTBB) and piano
Orthodox shrines of the Russian north : Anthology the Tikhvin Monastery
Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis : Collegium Regale for the King's College, Cambridge
Sing, choirs! : anthems, psalms and hymns for choirs
A creative collision? : the musical developments born out of the encounter between Finnish missionaries and Owambo culture
Favourite anthem book. 5 : Thirty anthems for unison and two parts / arranged by Richard Lloyd
Stiftsbibliothek Sankt Gallen : Codices 484 & 381. 3, Codex Sangallensis 381
Opinions on Church Music : Comments and reports from four-and-a-half centuries
The new Novello book of short & easy anthems : for upper voices
Eternal light : Music of inner peace
Sacred ceremonies : Music of South Asia
The story of christmas : a new presentation of the Festival of Nine Lessons
Sacred works
The Nidaros Office of the Holy Blood : liturgical music in medieval Norway
Orthodox shrines of the Russian north : Anthology the Solovki Monastery : Part I
Songs of the living light : Antiphons and responsories
Advent at St Paul's
From mode to key : a study of seventeenth-century french liturgical organ music and music theory (Tone, Grigny, Nivers, Couperin, Titelouze)
The Great service
Integrated directory of organa, clausulae, and motets of the thirteenth century. Hendrik van der Werf
Singing in conservative protestant congregations
Sacred music by John Tavener
Te Deum laudamus & Jubilate Deo in D : for St Cecilia's day 1694 : vocal score (English text)
The world of the oratorio : oratorio, mass, requiem, Te Deum, Stabat Mater and large cantatas
In tune with heaven : the report of the Archbishops' Commission On Church Music
People's church - people's music : contextualization of liturgical music in an African church
Panikhida : Orthodox office for the dead
Liturgy and music : lifetime learning
Madonna : sacred art and holy music
Jewish songs : Religious and folk melodies
Chant : chant traditions of the Orthodox Christian Church
Elgar cathedral music
The neglected musical treasury in Finnish archives : medieval Latin chant manuscripts
Schola Cantorum. 4
Jewish music : its historical development
Schola Cantorum. 3
Favourite anthem book. 1 : Twenty-five anthems for SATB
Schola Cantorum. 6
Pascha : hymns of the Resurrection
Hidden pathways
Russian Orthodox church music. Hymns and chants from the Liturgy of St John Chrysostom
Schola cantorum. 7
Stiftsbibliothek Sankt Gallen : Codices 484 & 381. 2, Codex Sangallensis 484
