http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24778 virtual environment
virtual environment
Use of AAPO Social Workspace in a project-based work environment : A Case Study of an advertising agency
"In a 1945 speech, Winston Churchill stated, "We are shaping the world faster than we can change ourselves, and we are applying to the present the habits of the past." Was Churchill predicting the future of project management? Have we changed how we communicate and lead projects? Have leadership and management theories and models evolved to keep pace with today's business environment?Leading Virtual Project Teams: Adapting Leadership Theories and Communications Techniques to 21st Century Organizations addresses the challenges the virtual project management environment poses to traditional methods of leadership and communication. It introduces new approaches for adapting existing leadership theories to e-leadership as well as progressive tools and techniques to improve virtual project communications.The book begins by examining the factors affecting the movement from traditional work environments to virtual organizations.It considers the challenges of leading multicultural, global organizations and reviews what e-leadership means. Illustrating the application of both traditional and new leadership models and theories to virtual project management, the book includes best practices for:Managing and motivating the multicultural teamCommunicating in a distributed work environmentAvoiding social isolationCyber-bullying in the virtual environment and e-ethicsCultural management issues Explaining how traditional leadership theories and models can be applied to contemporary projects, the book details methods virtual project managers can use to enhance virtual communications. The final chapter describes the e-leadership skills and competencies project managers will need to ensure sustainable success in today's competitive business environment. This book provides the virtual project manager with the tools and techniques to improve e-leadership and communications.Complete with case studies that illustrate real-world applications to the virtual challenges presented in each chapter, the book is a suitable text for educational institutions looking to increase understanding of project management leadership and communications outside the traditional project environment"
Progress and new trends in 3D geoinformation sciences
Immersion revisited : a review of existing definitions of immersion and their relation to different theories of presence
Evidence against a correlation between ease of use and actual use of a device in a walk-in virtual environment
Establishing a start-up e-commerce company in Finland
Noise channels : glitch and error in digital culture
Virtual teams : mastering communication and collaboration in the digital age
Creating 3D projection on tangible objects
Autonomous virtual instruments : a foray into musical metacreation
Children's Online Lives
"One of the most significant and important advancements in information and communication technology over the past twenty years is the introduction and expansion of the internet. Now almost universally available the internet brings us email, global voice and video communications, research repositories, reference libraries, and almost unlimited opportunities for daily activities. Bridging geographical distances in unprecedented ways, the internet has impacted all aspects of our daily lives -from facilitating the running of businesses, the attainment of services and keeping in touch with friends and family. Accessible at any time and for many of us from our mobile phones, the internet has opened up a world of knowledge and communication platforms that we cannot now imagine living without. This book explores the concept that the internet has become a second action space for individuals. Coexisting with traditional and 'obvious' real space, the internet serves as a novel spatial platform and action space to its subscribers all over the world. Kellerman expertly discusses this notion and examines the practical integration of cyberspace with real space. Part I looks at the Internet as a platform for action and presents its relations with physical space concerning a range of uses and applications which were traditionally performed in physical space only. It discusses the idea that the Internet has become a second space and explores theoretical perspectives surrounding this notion. The internet has undeniably made humankind more efficient and connected. Part II explores the internet as an action space for human life, considering basic human needs, curiosity, identity and social relations"--
Innovative advisory services in the virtual world : an empowerment perspective
E-learning methodologies and computer applications in archaeology
Leading virtual teams : hold people accountable, build trust, encourage collaboration
The modern 3D virtual laboratory at Oulu University of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS)  brings new kind of efficiency to design and engineering. In a virtual environment the  models are in the same scale as in the final building, which helps to understand and  perceive details in a concrete way. The virtual lab creates experiences that also promote  product sale and marketing.
Understanding learning in virtual worlds
Laboratory as a service : a holistic framework for remote and virtual labs
"This book presents innovative instructional approaches for archaeological e-learning based on networked technologies, providing researchers, scholars, and professionals a comprehensive global perspective on the resources, development, application, and implications of information communication technology in multimedia-based educational products and services in archaeology"--Provided by publisher.
Creating the theory of virtual learning environments : an example of a language forum
Social computing and virtual communities
Gameworlds : virtual media and children's everyday play
Multiphysics modeling using COMSOL 4 : a first principles approach
Insect optomotor experiments in the dark using virtual reality
Virtual leadership : practical strategies for getting the best out of virtual work and virtual teams
Extending virtual worlds : advanced design for virtual environments
Leading virtual project teams : adapting leadership theories and communications techniques to 21st century organizations
Cyber security for decision makers
Serious games and virtual worlds in education, professional development, and healthcare
Online games, social narratives
Virtual Reality Technology and its implementations at Oulu University of Applied Sciences : construction of 3D virtual laboratory
Augmented virtuality : transforming real human activity into virtual environments
The term immersion continues to be applied inconsistently within and across different fields of research connected with the study of virtual reality and interactive media. Moreover, immersion is oftentimes used interchangeably with the terms presence and engagement. This article details a review of existing definitions of immersion originating within the study of video games, virtual environments, and literary works of fiction. Based on this review, a three-dimensional taxonomy of the various conceptualizations of immersion is proposed. That is, the existing definitions of immersion may be broadly divided into three categories, each representing a dimension of the taxonomy: immersion as a property of a system, a subjective response to narrative contents, or a subjective response to challenges within the virtual environment. Finally, four distinct theories of presence are introduced and, based on the established taxonomy, we discuss how the individual theories relate to existing definitions of immersion.
Use of AAPO Social Workspace in a project-based work environment : a case study of an advertising agency
Cognitive agents for virtual environments : first international workshop, CAVE 2012, held at AAMAS 2012, Valencis, Spain, June 4, 2012 : revised selected papers
Knowledge transfer in virtual teams : a social capital perspective
Multiple Connections in RealXtend Architecture
Handbook of virtual environments : design, implementation, and applications
Ready player one
Ubiquitous and mobile learning in the digital age
This encyclopedia of virtual communities and technologies provides a much needed integrated overview of all the critical concepts, technologies and issues in the area of virtual communities.
Meet like you mean it : a leader's guide to painless and productive virtual meetings
This book summarizes almost 50 years of research and development in the field of Augmented Reality (AR). From early research in the 1960's until widespread availability by the 2010's there has been steady progress towards the goal of being able to seamlessly combine real and virtual worlds. The book provides an overview of the common definitions of AR, and shows how AR fits into taxonomies of other related technologies. A history of important milestones in Augmented Reality is followed by sections on the key enabling technologies of tracking, display and input devices. There is also a review design guidelines and some examples of successful AR applications. Finally, it concludes with a summary of directions for future work and a review of some of the areas that are currently being researched.
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT, theory & practice
Digital heritage : 3rd international conference dedicated on digital heritage : 8th - 13th of November 2010 Limassol, Cyprus : short papers
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Extending the semiotics of embodied interaction to blended spaces
Memoria Virtualis : death and mourning rituals in online environments
Impact of status and meme content on the spread of memes in virtual communities
The technology toolbelt for teaching
Virtual reality & augumented reality in industry : : the 2nd Sino-German workshop
Reclaiming the public sphere : communication, power and social change
Implementing PLC programming training of automation engineering education in virtual environment
Still believing in virtual worlds : a decomposed approach
Hacker, hoaxer, whistleblower, spy : the many faces of Anonymous
Coding, once considered an arcane craft practiced by solitary techies, is now recognized by educators and theorists as a crucial skill, even a new literacy, for all children. Programming is often promoted in K-12 schools as a way to encourage "computational thinking" -- which has now become the umbrella term for understanding what computer science has to contribute to reasoning and communicating in an ever-increasingly digital world. In Connected Code, Yasmin Kafai and Quinn Burke argue that although computational thinking represents an excellent starting point, the broader conception of "computational participation" better captures the twenty-first-century reality. Computational participation moves beyond the individual to focus on wider social networks and a DIY culture of digital "making." Kafai and Burke describe contemporary examples of computational participation: students who code not for the sake of coding but to create games, stories, and animations to share; the emergence of youth programming communities; the practices and ethical challenges of remixing (rather than starting from scratch); and the move beyond stationary screens to programmable toys, tools, and textiles.
3D trends : transferring pedagogical user  experiences in virtual environments
Managing virtual teams
Virtual Teams Management: Overcoming the Obstacles to an Effective Team : Case Company: Blooming Twig LLC
Mastering VMware vSphere 5.5
Handbook of augmented reality
Towards immersive user-friendly future  learning spaces in education
The art of Battlefield 4
Virtual worlds as philosophical tools : how to philosophize with a digital hammer
"Scenario-Based Learning offers a wealth of ideas for improving critical thinking skills, problem solving, and includes suggestions for promoting opportunities for practicing scenario-based learning on the job. The book contains a wealth of kick-off alternative research-based examples and describes various types of case data. The book also includes tutorials, action templates, and online references. This must-have resource also includes information on intrinsic versus instructional feedback, rubrics for virtual worlds, as well as technique for refining thinking skills"--
Computer network resilient design : designing a computer network
From one of the world's leading experts in cyberpsychology--a discipline that combines psychology, forensics, and technology--comes a groundbreaking exploration of the impact of technology on human behavior. In the first book of its kind, Mary Aiken applies her expertise in cyber-behavioral analysis to a range of subjects, including criminal activity on the Deep Web and Darknet; deviant behavior; Internet addictions; the impact of technology on the developing child; teenagers and the Web; cyber-romance and cyber-friendships; cyberchondria; the future of artificial intelligence; and the positive effects on our digital selves, such as online altruism.
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Children's virtual play worlds : culture, learning, and participation
Gaming and gamification in tourism : 10 ways to make tourism more playful
Ghost in the shell. [2], man-machine interface
"Here is the ultimate book on the worldwide movement of hackers, pranksters, and activists that operates under the non-name Anonymous, by the writer the Huffington Post says "knows all of Anonymous' deepest, darkest secrets."Half a dozen years ago, anthropologist Gabriella Coleman set out to study the rise of this global phenomenon just as some of its members were turning to political protest and dangerous disruption (before Anonymous shot to fame as a key player in the battles over WikiLeaks, the Arab Spring, and Occupy Wall Street). She ended up becoming so closely connected to Anonymous that the tricky story of her inside-outside status as Anon confidante, interpreter, and erstwhile mouthpiece forms one of the themes of this witty and entirely engrossing book.The narrative brims with details unearthed from within a notoriously mysterious subculture, whose semi-legendary tricksters--such as Topiary, tflow, Anachaos, and Sabu--emerge as complex, diverse, politically and culturally sophisticated people. Propelled by years of chats and encounters with a multitude of hackers, including imprisoned activist Jeremy Hammond and the double agent who helped put him away, Hector Monsegur, Hacker, Hoaxer, Whistleblower, Spy is filled with insights into the meaning of digital activism and little understood facets of culture in the Internet age, including the history of "trolling," the ethics and metaphysics of hacking, and the origins and manifold meanings of "the lulz.""--
Content Creation for Technical Research Centre of Finland's Virtual Reality System, Lumeportti
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
Leadership in spaces and places
The Oxford handbook of virtuality
We examined the influence of meme consistency (vs. inconsistency) and intragroup status on the spread of memes in virtual communities. Prior research suggests that information consistent with the theme of the group is remembered better and that ideas threatening to the group identity are rejected. In addition, previous research shows that low-status group members mimic high-status members and communicate with them to seek information and approval. We analyzed social interactions among members of four online forums from January 1, 2010, to February 21, 2014. Contrary to our prediction, our results show that memes initiated by low-status members spread faster than memes started by high- or moderate-status members. In line with prior research, memes that were consistent with a forum theme were spread more frequently than inconsistent memes..
Practical methods of user involvement in the service innovation process based on user motivation : conducted in conjunction with the FUAS "Virtual Campus" E-learning project
Developing web applications laboratories
A framework for children's participation in online environments
Methods and tools for collaborative networked organizations
Trust in virtual teams
Development of an Interactive 3-D Virtual Environment Test Bed For Motorbikes
Proteus : a cruise design tool for the future
Whether you work at a home office or in one location of a global company, you need to work well with others to meet your professional and organizational goals. This book offers strategies for collaborating with colleagues more effectively no matter where you are. You'll learn tips and strategies for addressing a wide range of virtual work challenges, from conference calls to team chat room etiquette to navigating time zones to coping when technologies fail to avoiding feeling disconnected when you're not interacting one-on-one at the coffee station. Virtual Collaboration guides you through the basics of: - Deciding whether remote work is right for you - Communicating effectively over a variety of media - Clarifying the processes, goals, and tools you'll use to communicate and collaborate with your colleagues - Navigating common challenges, such as technology glitches, isolation, conflict, and performance issues.--
Virtualization security : protecting virtualized environments
Changes in the way work is conducted nowadays have changed significantly in the last years. Digitalisation, disruptions in workflows and challenges in communication have led to an unprecedented situation that requires people to be active on multiple channels to stay up to date on information. New social technologies have emerged in response to the changing work environment and working methods. The objective of this thesis was to study if there are any benefits or advantages in using a digital workspace service, AAPO Social Workspace, in a project-based work environment in the Commissioner organisation, Avalon Oy. This thesis aims to answer those questions in order for to gain researched data, and to further develop the service. The theoretical framework concerns the fundamentals of Web 2.0, digital workspaces and project management in general. This information provides the reader with an understanding of what the main functionalities in Web 2.0 are, and an understanding of project management and some of the aspects that need to be taken into consideration. Research data was collected through a survey that was conducted in the Commissioner organisation. The results suggest that using the service is of value and holds various benefits and advantages for the employees, including centralized communications, improved communality and ease of use. Moreover, key findings illustrate that the service is of value to project managers as well in managing project teams and clients. In conclusion, this study presents the reader with an introduction to project management, an overview of Web 2.0 and its applications, and the service and its features. The results are presented in a concise way, illustrating the use of the service in the Commissioner organisation. In-depth analysis and conclusions based on the results are provided for the reader. This study may be used as a basis for further studies on the subject.
Scenario-based learning : evidence-based guidelines for online workforce e-learning
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology  in education field
Performance documentation an preservation in an online environment
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Summary
Education in 3D virtual learning environment : case Virtual-Mustiala
"Game studies is a rapidly developing field across the world, with a growing number of dedicated courses addressing video games and digital play as significant phenomena in contemporary everyday life and media cultures. Seth Giddings looks to fill a gap by focusing on the relationship between the actual and virtual worlds of play in everyday life. He addresses both the continuities and differences between digital play and longer-established modes of play. The 'gameworlds' title indicates both the virtual world designed into the videogame and the wider environments in which play is manifested: social relationships between players; hardware and software; between the virtual worlds of the game and the media universes they extend (e.g. Poke;mon, Harry Potter, Lego, Star Wars); and the gameworlds generated by children's imaginations and creativity (through talk and role-play, drawings and outdoor play). The gameworld raises questions about who, and what, is in play. Drawing on recent theoretical work in science and technology studies, games studies and new media studies, a key theme is the material and embodied character of these gameworlds and their components (players' bodies, computer hardware, toys, virtual physics, and the physical environment). Building on detailed small-scale ethnographic case studies, Gameworlds is the first book to explore the nature of play in the virtual worlds of video games and how this play relates to, and crosses over into, everyday play in the actual world"
Biopolitical screens : image, power, and the neoliberal brain
Learning and research in virtual worlds
The aim of this thesis was to introduce the current technology that can be used in the virtual reality in education and research at Oulu University of Applied Sciences and explain the construction process of the 3D virtual laboratory to Oulu UAS. The secondary goal was to explain the basic elements that are needed in order to create content in virtual environment and give the basic knowledge for the faculty and students of Oulu UAS of the virtual reality possibilities and equipment that are in use at Oulu UAS. In this thesis some of the various aspects of a virtual reality hardware and software are analysed in a relation to human senses and the human factors affecting it are explained, since the basic understanding of some aspects of the human physiological and psychological characteristics is required in order to comprehend the virtual reality technology implementation requirements in both the software and hardware. The sources used in this thesis were selected with the criteria how relevant they were in relation to each subject under consideration. The majority of the chosen sources are commonly distinguished and sources without a proper scientific background were avoided as much as possible. In conclusion the results of the construction of Oulu UAS 3D virtual laboratory and the proposals how maintain and improve the competence for the virtual reality use at Oulu UAS are presented.
The Internet as second action space
This edited volume includes the most up to date, expanded, and peer reviewed papers from the 2011 CELDA Conference, focusing on the conference theme: Ubiquitous and Mobile Informal and Formal Learning in thr Digital Age. The contributions are aggressively interdisciplinary and cover such timely topics as social web technologies, virtual worlds and games, and location-based and context-aware learning environments. Informal and formal learning settings are explored and a myriad of concrete examples provided to assit the reader in developing curricula, programs, and courses on the topic.
Recommend this! : delivering digital experiences that people want to share
Virtual environments in machinery safety analysis
In Biopolitical Screens, Pasi Väliaho charts and conceptualizes the imagery that composes our affective and conceptual reality under twenty-first-century capitalism. Väliaho investigates the role screen media play in the networks that today harness human minds and bodies -- the ways that images animated on console game platforms, virtual reality technologies, and computer screens capture human potential by plugging it into arrangements of finance, war, and the consumption of entertainment. Drawing on current neuroscience and political and economic thought, Väliaho argues that these images work to shape the atomistic individuals who populate the neoliberal world of accumulation and war. Väliaho bases his argument on a broad notion of the image as something both visible and sayable, detectable in various screen platforms but also in scientific perception and theoretical ideas. After laying out the conceptual foundations of the book, Väliaho offers focused and detailed investigations of the current visual economy. He considers the imagery of first-person shooter video games as tools of "neuropower"; explores the design and construction of virtual reality technologies to treat post-traumatic stress disorder in veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan; and examines three instances of video installation art that have the power to disrupt the dominant regime of sensibility rather than reinforce it.
Summary in Finnish.
AI : its nature and future
Monetization in competitive online games : a study of player views
"This second edition of a bestseller presents systematic and extensive coverage of the primary areas of research and development within VE technology. It brings together a comprehensive set of contributed articles that address the principles required to define system requirements and design, build, evaluate, implement, and manage the effective use of VE applications. The contributors provide critical insights and principles associated with their given area of expertise to provide extensive scope and detail on VE technology. "--
A survey of augmented reality
The cyber effect : a pioneering cyberpsychologist explains how human behavior changes online
Berlino : guided tours, interactiva map, explorations in virtual relity=visite guidate, mappa interattiva, esplorazioni virtuali
Going online : perspective on digital learning
Building a modern 3D virtual laboratory  for user-centric design approaches : case
Encyclopedia of Virtual Communities and Technologies
Continuum companion to discourse analysis
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology in education field
Teachers' conceptions and their approaches to teaching in virtual reality and simulation-based learning environments
Marketing plan for e-commerce start-up company
Click : the virtual meetings book
Virtual worlds and e-commerce : technologies and applications for building customer relationships
Connected code : why children need to learn programming
Virtual collaboration : work from anywhere, overcommunicate, avoid isolation
Work that used be tied to offices, cubicles and desks is undergoing a major transformation in terms of where, when and how it is carried out. Space and materiality of workplaces have long been taken for granted amongst organization studies scholars. But the changing definition of work and workspace has, in recent years, inspired a growing number of scholars to reconsider organizational theories and practices. By combining new research on leadership and workspaces, Leadership in Spaces and Places argues for a radical reconceptualization of leadership. Leadership is not only defined by leaders themselves, but is also affected by the built environment. With contributions from both scholars and practitioners alike, the authors discuss leadership in six different contexts:  workspaces in change,  open office spaces, virtual workspaces,  service spaces,  cultural spaces,  institutional spaces. The book is aimed at two audiences: leadership, organization and management scholars interested in cutting-edge leadership research; and managers, architects and workplace designers who want to update their knowledge on how workplace design contributes to organizational purposes and leadership.
Digital identity and personality : a look at identity formation in light of social networking sites
How to effectively design and deliver virtual advisory services can be a mystery to many public and private organisations. This study examines the interesting phenomenon of providing virtual advisors to assist users in accomplishing their tasks in the digital world. Based on a thorough analysis of abundant typical applications in various business and government sectors, this book discusses the current status and future trends of virtual advisory services in digital environments. This book also reveals exactly what users expect from such services, and what they hate! It provides thought-provoking guidelines for best practice in the design and provision of virtual advisors on e-portals.
Data Transfer in a Motorbike Test Bed
Margaret A. Boden reviews in this work the philosophical and technological challenges raised by Artificial Intelligence (AI), considering whether programs could ever be really intelligent, creative or even conscious. Moreover she shows how the pursuit of Artificial Intelligence has helped us to appreciate how human and animal minds are possible.
Digital media : the future
User expectations and experiences of mobileaugmented reality services
A language didactic case study of multiform teaching and studying of Swedish at Helsinki University Langaueg Centre.
Hello avatar : rise of the networked generation
Novel virtual environment and real-time simulation based methods for improving life-cycle efficiency of non-road mobile machinery
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
"Here is the definitive book on the worldwide movement of hackers, pranksters, and activists that operates under the name Anonymous, by the woman the Chronicle of Higher Education calls "the leading interpreter of digital insurgency" and the Huffington Post says "knows all of Anonymous' deepest, darkest secrets." Half a dozen years ago, anthropologist Gabriella Coleman set out to study the rise of this global collective just as some of its adherents were turning to political protest and disruption (before Anonymous shot to fame as a key player in the Arab Spring and Occupy Wall Street). She ended up becoming so closely connected to Anonymous that some Anons claimed her as "their scholar." Hacker, Hoaxer, Whistleblower, Spy brims with detail from inside a mysterious subculture, including chats with imprisoned hacker Jeremy Hammond and the hacker who helped put him away, Hector "Sabu" Monsegur. It's a beautifully written book, with fascinating insights into the meaning of digital activism and little understood facets of culture in the Internet age, such as the histories of "trolling" and "the lulz.""--
Place, identity and everyday life in a globalizing world
In this paper, we develop a new way of understanding interactions in blended spaces. We do this by developing ideas about embodied semiotics and then apply these ideas to the analysis of interaction in mixed-reality blended spaces (where the physical world and digital world are blended deliberately to provide new forms of interaction). We discuss how blended spaces provide a new medium within which people have experiences. The semiotic analysis reveals how blended spaces are constructed across the physical and the digital, highlighting the ontology, topology, volatility, and agency present within them. It shows how people move between the physical and digital spaces through the objects and places that anchor them together. Our approach reveals more about the way bodily and higher cognitive functions are brought into play within a holistic interactive experience in which people move physically and conceptually through the layers of experience that make up the interaction.
