http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24782 reciprocity
reciprocity
The gift and its paradoxes : beyond Mauss
Tiivistelmä - Finnish abstract.
The price of truth : gift, money, and philosophy
All Bear wants is to spend a pleasant day alone, but Duck really wants to hang out.
Handbook of the economics of giving, altruism and reciprocity. Vol. 1, Foundations [Elektronisk resurs]
Dyadic relations between the main contractor and its suppliers : a case study to clarify critical factors in Metso Paper Ltd
Lily and Bear
The principle of mutual recognition in EU law
The pedagogy of recognition : dancing identity and mutuality
Fair shares : balancing duties and rights from the Incas to modern welfare states
Encounters in social work : recipes for interaction
The gift
Mutuality and empathy : self and other in the ethnographic encounter
Abstract.
Anthropology and the economy of sharing
Host-pathogen coevolution through trade-offs and coinfection
Design for collaborative minds : a visual designers contribution to the collaborative consumption model [sic]
Transatlantic parallaxes : toward reciprocal anthropology
I love you already!
Skolt Sami reciprocity and the actions of the state administration
Community of the future : challenges and new approaches to community based social work and diaconia from the CABLE approach
Anthropology and alterity : responding to the other
Bringing peace to life? : a narrative analysis of Finnish development intervention in conflict-affected Nepal
Handbook of the economics of giving, altruism and reciprocity. Vol. 2, Applications [Elektronisk resurs]
Mutuality : anthropology's changing terms of engagement
The role of attraction and control boundaries in value creation : dyadic exploration of strategic buyer-supplier relationships
Stepping out of the shadows of colonialism to the beat of the drum. The meaning of music for five First Nations children with autism in Brittish Columbia, Canada
Never eat alone : and other secrets to success, one relationship at a time
Give and take : a revolutionary approach to success
Identity- and contact-related determinants of reciprocal intergroup relations in ethno-culturally diverse societies
Circulation, reciprocity and activism : interview with Professor Michael Herzfeld
