http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24781 hate speech
hate speech
Respect, plurality and prejudice : a psychoanalytic and philosophical inquiry into the dynamics of social exclusion and discrimination
An analysis of hate speech in the context of the ECHR and the ICCPR : a comparative study in light of the speech act theory
Speech and harm : controversies over free speech
Speaking hatefully : culture, communication, and political action in Hungary
Minority rights, freedom of expression and of the media: dynamics and dilemmas
The content and context of hate speech : rethinking regulation and responses
Painting the devil on the air : constructing hatred in radio broadcasts in the context of the Rwandan genocide
Government of Finland human rights report 2014.
Opposing hate speech
"An empirical study of hate speech in Hungary, examining the cultural foundations of public communication and how cultural thinking can be used to inform political action through public expression"--Provided by publisher.
Hate speech law : a philosophical examination
Hate speech law can be found throughout the world. But it is also the subject of numerous principled arguments, both for and against. These principles invoke a host of morally relevant features (e.g., liberty, health, autonomy, security, non-subordination, the absence of oppression, human dignity, the discovery of truth, the acquisition of knowledge, self-realization, human excellence, civic dignity, cultural diversity and choice, recognition of cultural identity, intercultural dialogue, participation in democratic self-government, being subject only to legitimate rule) and practical considerations (e.g., efficacy, the least restrictive alternative, chilling effects). The book develops and then critically examines these various principled arguments. It also attempts to de-homogenize hate speech law into different clusters of laws/regulations/codes that constrain uses of hate speech, so as to facilitate a more nuanced examination of the principled arguments. Finally, it argues that it is morally fitting for judicial and legislative judgments about the overall warrant of hate speech law to reflect principled compromise. Principled compromise is characterized not merely by compromise over matters of principled concern but also by compromise which is itself governed by ideals of moral duty or civic virtue (e.g., reciprocity, equality, and mutual respect).
The current state of hate speech policy in the U.S. : an empirical study of media as an informal actor in hate speech regulation policy
The Oxford handbook of philosophy of criminal law
Bit Bang IV : future of internet : societal, business, governance and technological aspects
The communication of hate
Hate speech, pornography, and the radical attack on free speech doctrine
Online hate and harmful content : cross-national perspectives
A space for hate : the white power movement's adaptation into cyberspace
Social ethics : morality and social policy
"A study of the way hate groups, especially white supremacist groups, are using the Internet to spread their messages to a young audience. Attention is given to the legal debate over hate speech and free speech, and questions concerning ethics and rhetoric in the Internet space"--Provided by publisher.
Hate on the right : right wing political groups and hate speech
The freedom to be racist? : how the United States and Europe struggle to preserve freedom and combat racism
Words that wound : critical race theory, assaultive speech, and the First Amendment
Understanding words that wound
Extreme speech and democracy
The harm in hate speech
Speaking back : the free speech versus hate speech debate
Destructive messages : how hate speech paves the way for harmful social movements
Free speech : a very short introduction
