http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24777 virtual world
virtual world
This volume constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Virtual, Augmented and Mixed Reality, VAMR 2015, held as part of the 17th International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction, HCI 2015, held in Los Angeles, CA, USA, in August 2015. The total of 1462 papers and 246 posters presented at the HCII 2015 conferences was carefully reviewed and selected from 4843 submissions. These papers address the latest research and development efforts and highlight the human aspects of design and use of computing systems. The papers thoroughly cover the entire field of human-computer interaction, addressing major advances in knowledge and effective use of computers in a variety of application areas. The 54 papers included in this volume are organized in the following topical sections: user experience in virtual and augmented environments; developing virtual and augmented environments; agents and robots in virtual environments; VR for learning and training; VR in Health and Culture; industrial and military applications.
Scripting your world : the official guide to second life scripting
Cyber Security : analytics, tchnology and automation
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Summary in Finnish.
Virtual worlds and e-commerce : technologies and applications for building customer relationships
EDMD collaboration and virtual prototyping
Pandora Walker unwittingly unleashes cyber Armageddon on her seventeenth birthday and must play a virtual reality game in order to save the world.
Creating 3D projection on tangible objects
Tuotesuunnittelu virtuaalimaailmassa = New product development based on virtual reality prototyping
There be dragons! : an ethnographic inquiry into the strategic practices and process of world of warcraft gaming groups
Facilitating the use of virtual worlds in schools
Working in a virtual world : a study of using Second Life in globally distributed team meetings
The modern 3D virtual laboratory at Oulu University of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS)  brings new kind of efficiency to design and engineering. In a virtual environment the  models are in the same scale as in the final building, which helps to understand and  perceive details in a concrete way. The virtual lab creates experiences that also promote  product sale and marketing.
Leet Noobs : the life and death of an expert player group in World of Warcraft
Economics and social conflict : evil actions and evil social institutions in virtual worlds
Summary
"Virtual worlds offer engaging, rich visual and auditory experiences to their users. In them, players guide computer-based avatars through virtual landscapes filled with realistic buildings, objects, characters, and the avatars of other players. In the commercial realm, games and online virtual communities attract millions of devoted fans who spend large amounts of time and money in these worlds. In recent years, interest in virtual worlds as platforms for instruction and training has rapidly grown as researchers and designers focus on their potential power as learning environments. Educational virtual worlds are designed to incorporate situated learning concepts of collaborative knowledge building among communities of learners in contexts that closely mimic the real world.In this, the first text written specifically on how to design virtual worlds for educational purposes, the authors explore: the history and evolution of virtual worlds (commercial and educational), the theories behind the use of virtual worlds for learning, the design of curricula in virtual worlds, design guidelines for elements experienced in virtual worlds that support learning, and design guidelines for learning quests and activities in virtual worlds. They also examine the theories and associated design principles used to create embedded assessments in virtual worlds. Finally, they offer a framework and methodology to assist professionals in evaluating off-the-shelf virtual worlds for use in educational and training settings"--Provided by publisher.
Oculus Rift in action
Timing and side channel attacks
Shared artefacts and virtual worlds in computer-mediated creative collaboration
In-game and out-of-game mourning : on the complexity of grief in virtual worlds
E-commerce in immersive virtual worlds : case: Second Life
Star Wars : clone wars adventures : the official guide to the virtual world
Snow crash
Finnish cyber security strategy and implementation
Researching virtual worlds : methodologies for studying emergent practices
Virtual Reality Technology and its implementations at Oulu University of Applied Sciences : construction of 3D virtual laboratory
Fun Inc. : why games are the twenty-first century's most serious business
Clustering-based protocol classification via dimensionality reduction
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Ready player one
E-learning methodologies and computer applications in archaeology
This encyclopedia of virtual communities and technologies provides a much needed integrated overview of all the critical concepts, technologies and issues in the area of virtual communities.
This book brings to life the classic thought experiment of a natural state. Provides data on the economic aspects of social conflict of 400.000 people living in a virtual anarchy; showing evil actions and rules exist from an economic perspective. Non-instrumental violence has economic effects and inciting people to fight are not overcome in time.
Pottermore secrets and mysteries revealed : the unofficial guide to Pottermore.com
Trusted computing and DRM
Death and mourning rituals in online environments : lectio praecursoria 8.8.2014
Reinventing ourselves : contemporary concepts of identity in virtual worlds
I discuss the possible future creation of single log-in point and single avatar for multiple virtual worlds for entertainment and business purposes. I also found suggestions for further research topics, such as virtual shopping malls with multiple linked virtual shops.
The Elementia chronicles. Book 2, The new order : an unofficial Minecraft-fan adventure
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
Site analysis interpreting the past in the present real art educational co-operation in virtual reality
Virtual ascendance : video games and the remaking of reality
Unified discourse analysis : language, reality, virtual worlds, and video games
Ambient learning and self authorship : human minds, cultural tools, immersive words
Teaching arts and science with the new social media
How digital worlds become material : an ethnographic and netnographic investigation in Second Life
3D Immersive and Interactive Learning
Sexuality in role-playing games
Extending virtual worlds : advanced design for virtual environments
Cyber world as a social system
"Race, Gender, and Deviance in Xbox Live provides a much-needed theoretical framework for examining deviant behavior and deviant bodies within one of the largest virtual gaming communities--Xbox Live. Previous research on video games has focused mostly on violence and examining violent behavior resulting from consuming this medium. This limited scope has skewed criminologists' understanding of video games and video game culture. Xbox Live has proven to be more than just a gaming platform for users. It has evolved into a multimedia entertainment outlet for more than 20 million users. This book examines the nature of social interactions within Xbox Live, which are often riddled with deviant behavior, including but not limited to racism and sexism. The text situates video games within a hegemonic framework deploying whiteness and masculinity as the norm. The experiences of the marginalized bodies are situated within the framework of deviance as they fail to conform to the hegemonic norm and become victims of racism, sexism, and other types of harassment."--Amazon.com.
Increasing student engagement and retention using immersive interfaces : virtual worlds, gaming, and simulation
The sims 3: pets :PS3
Community services : Healthcare
Education in 3D virtual learning environment : case Virtual-Mustiala
Socializing the classroom : social networks and online learning
The abduction
Still believing in virtual worlds: a decomposed approach
Still believing in virtual worlds : a decomposed approach
Young men in digital culture : a new form of informal learning?
3D technology is not new; research on 3D started back in early 1960s. But unlike in previous times, 3D technology has now rapidly entered our daily life from cinema to office to home. Using 3D for education is a new yet challenging task. This book will present several innovative efforts using 3D for immersive and interactive learning covering a wide spectrum of education including gifted program, normal (technical) stream, and special needs education. The book will also share experience on curriculum-based 3D learning in classroom setting and co-curriculum-based 3D student research projects. The book is organized as follows. Chapter 1 introduces the fundamentals of 3D educational technology and their applications in immersive and interactive learning. Chapter 2 discusses the use of virtual reality in teaching and learning of Molecular Biology. Chapter 3 presents the daVinci Lab @ River Valley High School. Chapter 4 describes the 3D education development process. Chapter 5 studies the adaption 3D system for learning gains in lower secondary normal (technical) stream. Chapter 6 investigates the effects of virtual reality technology on spatial visualization skills. Chapter 7 showcases a sabbatical program for students to use 3D for Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) learning. Chapter 8 shares the use of 3D virtual pink dolphin to assist special education. The foreword of this book is written by Dr Cheah Horn Mun, Director, Education Technology Division, Ministry of Education, Singapore.
Race, gender, and deviance in Xbox live : theoretical perspectives from the virtual margins
Ethnography and virtual worlds : a handbook of method
Zoshling encounters
Virtual economies : design and analysis
"In this, the first text written specifically on how to design virtual worlds for educational purposes, the authors explore: the history and evolution of virtual worlds (commercial and educational), the theories behind the use of virtual worlds for learning, the design of curricula in virtual worlds, design guidelines for elements experienced in virtual worlds that support learning, and design guidelines for learning quests and activities in virtual worlds. They also examine the theories and associated design principles used to create embedded assessments in virtual worlds. Finally, they offer a framework and methodology to assist professionals in evaluating off-the-shelf virtual worlds for use in educational and training settings"-- Provided by publisher.
Connected play : tweens in a virtual world
Virtual, augmented and mixed reality : 7th International Conference, VAMR 2015, held as part of HCI International 2015, Los Angeles, CA, USA, August 2-7, 2015, Proceedings
Building a modern 3D virtual laboratory  for user-centric design approaches : case
Over the last two decades, the Internet and more broadly cyberspace has had a tremendous impact on all parts of society. Governments across the world have started to develop cyber security strategies and to consider cyberspace as an increasingly important international issue. The book, in addition to the cyber threats and technology, processes cyber security from many sides as a social phenomenon and how the implementation of the cyber security strategy is carried out. The book gives a profound idea of the most spoken phenomenon of this time. The book is suitable for a wide-ranging audience from graduate to professionals/practitioners and researchers. Relevant disciplines for the book are Telecommunications / Network security, Applied mathematics / Data analysis, Mobile systems / Security, Engineering / Security of critical infrastructure and Military science / Security.
The Elementia chronicles. Book 3, part 1, Dusk of hope : an unofficial Minecraft-fan adventure
Gameful approaches for computer science education : from gamification to alternate reality games
Phenomena in the cyber world
Encyclopedia of Virtual Communities and Technologies
New directions for academic liaison librarians
Ready Player One
Four new messages
Designing Adaptive Virtual Worlds
Towards natural insect vision research
Learning and research in virtual worlds
EDMD Collaboration and Virtual Prototyping
"Socializing the Classroom: Social Networks and Online Learning, by Susan B. Barnes, examines how social media can be used in education through two research grants and real-world applications. Barnes analyzes social media including Facebook, Courseware, and Second Life, while providing a theoretical foundation for examining social software. A new generation of students is surrounded by digital technologies, leading scholars and teachers to consider virtual worlds to engage students"-- Provided by publisher.
Creating second lives : community, identity, and spatiality as constructions of the virtual
Shaping virtual lives : online identities, representations, and conducts
Dark corners of the internet
Towards immersive user-friendly future  learning spaces in education
A framework for children's participation in online environments
Maya : the world as virtual reality
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Powers and fundamental rights in cyber security
Knowledge discovery from network logs
Memoria Virtualis : death and mourning rituals in online environments
Frontiers of cyberspace
Virtual environments and cultures : a collection of social anthropological research in virtual cultures and landscapes
The aim of this thesis was to introduce the current technology that can be used in the virtual reality in education and research at Oulu University of Applied Sciences and explain the construction process of the 3D virtual laboratory to Oulu UAS. The secondary goal was to explain the basic elements that are needed in order to create content in virtual environment and give the basic knowledge for the faculty and students of Oulu UAS of the virtual reality possibilities and equipment that are in use at Oulu UAS. In this thesis some of the various aspects of a virtual reality hardware and software are analysed in a relation to human senses and the human factors affecting it are explained, since the basic understanding of some aspects of the human physiological and psychological characteristics is required in order to comprehend the virtual reality technology implementation requirements in both the software and hardware. The sources used in this thesis were selected with the criteria how relevant they were in relation to each subject under consideration. The majority of the chosen sources are commonly distinguished and sources without a proper scientific background were avoided as much as possible. In conclusion the results of the construction of Oulu UAS 3D virtual laboratory and the proposals how maintain and improve the competence for the virtual reality use at Oulu UAS are presented.
Hello avatar : rise of the networked generation
Nokia Solutions and Networks (NSN) requires new tools for collaborating electronic and mechanic design phases in its product development. In the first part of this thesis will be introduced Electrical Data Mechanical Data (EDMD) application; the software will be tested within a project to resolve tool’s possibilities and challenges from NSN’s point of view. Results of the study will be used for deciding further usage of the tool. Secondly the thesis will study virtual prototyping as a new working method and also related simulation tools. Tested EDMD tool is one module of the simulation environment. Virtual prototyping will be tested within real product development process and experiences of team members will be utilized to improve NSN’s practices. EDMD tool’s suitability for NSN’s development was tested during short but intensive testing period. Tests were carried out by five experts according to pre-decided testing plan. Virtual prototyping was trialed in project of which team members were instructed to use the new way of working. Simulation tools were tested in same project and collected testing data was analyzed with experts. Testing of EDMD tool succeeded despite of the tide schedule. Tool support was excellent and majority of problems was solved swiftly enabling performance of all planned testing tasks. EDMD tool clearly has potentiality as in addition of visual aid it improves communication between separate design modules. Also new practice of using virtual prototyping received positive feedback from the project team. As a result of the study a conclusive report was presented to NSN for further actions.
Information in e-motion : proceedings, BOBCATSSS 2012, 20th International Conference on Information Science, Amsterdam, 23 - 25 January 2012
Quest for justice
Under the never sky
Design for learning in virtual worlds
Godwired : religion, ritual, and virtual reality
Networked affect
"This book presents innovative instructional approaches for archaeological e-learning based on networked technologies, providing researchers, scholars, and professionals a comprehensive global perspective on the resources, development, application, and implications of information communication technology in multimedia-based educational products and services in archaeology"--Provided by publisher.
Integration of gyro navigation and augmented reality in visual tracking of a mining loader
There be dragons! : an ethnographic inquiry into the strategic practices and process of World of Warcraft gaming groups
