http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24768 metropolitan areas
metropolitan areas
Governing greater Stockholm : a study of policy development and system change
Cultural capitals : early modern London and Paris
The limitless city : a primer on the urban sprawl debate
At just over forty, David Adjaye is one of the worlds most exciting and accomplished architects, and has built many highly acclaimed houses and public buildings in the UK and USA. Over a ten-year period, the Tanzanian born, London-based architect has visited 53 major African cities and photographed thousands of buildings, sites and places that few of us will ever be able to visit. This 7-volume slipcased edition documents Adjaye's tribute to African metropolitan architecture. The individual volumes present cities according to the terrain in which they are situated the Maghreb, Desert, The Sahel, Savannah and Grassland, Mountain and Highveld, and Forest. Each city is shown in a concise urban history, fact file, maps and satellite imagery, along with Adjaye's personal travel notes and dozens of photographs of the city's civic, commercial and residential architecture. All six terrain volumes feature an introductory essay by Adjaye, and a separate volume is dedicated to essays by leading academics and commentators on Africa.
Public libraries and resilient cities
Uncommon London
Analysing multimodal accessibility and mobility in urban environments : final report of an intensive course at the Department of Geosciences and Geography, University of Helsinki, autumn 2014
Decisions in Syracuse
A hundred years of housing in Helsinki
Designing public transportation for private car users
Culture on your doorstep : the Arabianranta district as a powerful creative community ; cultural development at the Arabia district Urbaani luovuus project, 2007-2010
Naapurina Ruoholahti : 1992-2002, asukkaat - toimitilat - kanava : 10-vuotisjuhlakirja = Neighbours Ruoholahti : the first 10 years : people - jobs - townscape
Brand new university : im(possible)-perfection
Metropolis : mapping the city
Shaping the Baltic metropolis : meeting Helsinki - Tallinn - St Petersburg
International handbook of globalization and world cities
The architecture and built environment of African cities are documented in groundbreaking photographs by acclaimed architect David Adjaye. David Adjaye is renowned for his highly acclaimed buildings in Europe and the United States. Of Tanzanian descent but raised and educated in London, he has found endless inspiration for his modern buildings in Africa. This book is the culmination of a personal quest--a decadelong project to document the built environment of every major African city. Adjaye has photographed thousands of structures and places, letting each speak for itself in contrast to a design world obsessed with photorealistic slickness. Fifty-three cities are featured, arranged by terrain and region, including: the Maghreb, the Sahel, Savannah and Grassland, Mountain and Highveld, Desert, and Forest. Each is presented with a concise urban history, fact file, maps, and satellite imagery along with the photographs and essays by leading scholars and critics. This handsome seven-volume slipcased edition is one of the most original and ambitious publications of our time and is sure to be among the great architectural collectibles.
The Great Society subway : a history of the Washington Metro
Cities and suburbs : new metropolitan realities in the US
Bring on the next generation : a analysis of regenerated the Hakaniemi market square [sic]
Change of urban structure in the Helsinki region
African Metropolitan Architecture
Sustainable structure for the metropolitan area
Location dynamics of cluster formation and public sector response : can planning influence the process? : findings from selected Metrex Metropolitan areas : Paris, Helsinki, Lombardy (Milano), Madrid, Oslo, Stockholm, Szczecin
This is London : life and death in the world city
Synergy in polycentric urban regions : complementarity, organising capacity and critical mass
Communicating civic or historical pride? The city hall in Scandinavian capital cities
Cities in a world economy
Living in the endless city : the Urban Age project by the London School of Economics and Deutsche Bank's Alfred Herrhausen Society
An approach towards the integration of bus information systems in Vietnam: case study: Ho Chi Minh City Bus Information System project
Cities in modernity : representations and productions of metropolitan space, 1840-1930
Divergent regional economies in Europe : Helsinki and Baltic Sea metropolises in the network of European regions
Adjaye Africa architecture : photographic survey of metropolitan architecture
Information for better quality of life
Summary (s. 6-7): A sustainable regional structure is necessary for both economy and the environment.
A comparative geography of China and the U.S
