http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24794 Old Swedish language
Old Swedish language
Contested Landscapes/Contested Heritage : history and heritage in Sweden and their archaeological implications concerning the interpretation of the Norrlandian past
The Neolithic of south Sweden : TRB, GRK, and STR
Huma-projektet 2010 = The Huma project 2010 : Heritage underwater maritime archaeology Gotland
Vendel period studies : transactions of the Boat-grave symposium in Stockholm, February 2-3, 1981
Excavations at Helgö. 18, Conclusions and new aspects
The archaeology of Skedemosse. 2, The votive deposits in the Skedemosse Fen and their relation to the Iron-Age settlement on Öland, Sweden
Prehistoric and mediaeval Germanic / Scandinavian loanwords and other linguistic influences in Balto-Finnic / Finnish and Estonian : a study of linguistic contacts
Decolonizing the Viking Age. 2, Death rituals in South-East Scandinavia AD 800-1000
Studia neolithica in honorem Aarne Äyräpää
Abstract.
On the origin and early history of runic script : typology and graphic variation in the older futhark
Birka : Untersuchungen und Studien. 4, The burial customs : a study of the graves on Björkö
The Cyprus collections in the Medelhavsmuseet
Gårdlösa : an Iron Age community in its natural and social setting. 1, Interdisciplinary studies
Excavations at Helgö. 12, Wilhelm Holmqvist - the Helgö scholar
Barshalder : studies of Late Iron Age Gotland. 2, Studies of Late Iron Age Gotland
Archaeology east and west of the Baltic : papers from the Second Estonian-Swedish Archaeological Symposium, Sigtuna, May 1991
With a summary in English.
Making and using stone tools : the analysis of the lithic assemblages from Middle Neolithic sites with flint in Västerbotten, Northern Sweden
Excavations at Helgö. 13, Cemetery 116
Abstract. - Summary.
Excavations at Helgö. 16, Exotic and sacral finds from Helgö
Excavations at Helgö. 1, Report for 1954-1956
Excavations at Helgö. 8, The ancient monument
On ceramic technology during the Scanian Neolithic and Bronze Age
Cereals, weeds and crop; processing in Iron Age Sweden : methodological and interpretive aspects of archaeobotanical evidence
The decline of nominal inflection in old Swedish : the loss of dative case
Eketorp : fortification and settlement on Öland/Sweden. 1, The monument
Archaeological and palaeoecological studies in Medelpad, N. Sweden
Continuity for centuries : a ceremonial building and its context at Uppåkra, southern Sweden
Excavations at Helgö. 2, Report for 1957-1959
The Havor hoard : the gold, the bronzes, the fort
Household economy and archaeology : some aspects on theory and applications
Early Norrland sites on the Umeälven : a study of a cultural-historical survey
The Högom find and other migration period textiles and costumes in Scandinavia : Högom Part II
Excavations at Helgö. 15, Weapon investigations : Helgö and the Swedish hinterland
Lappish bear graves in Northern Sweden : an archaeological and osteological study
Implements and rock materials in the prehistory of Upper Dalarna : by Ragnar Lannerbro
Dig it all : papers dedicated to Ari Siiriäinen
Lapps and Scandinavians : archaeological finds from northern Sweden
Benepuszta and Björkö 550
Excavations at Helgö. 9, Finds, features and functions
Excavations at Helgö. 11, The Holocene development of landscape and environment in the south-east Mälaren valley, with special reference to Helgö
Finds of skis from prehistoric time in Swedish bogs and marsches
The Birka chamber-graves : economic and social aspects. An analysis based on quantitative methods
The significant detail : Europeanization at the base of society : the case of the Baltic rim 1100-1400 AD : transactions of the CCC workshops at Skäftekärr in Sweden 7-10 October 1999, and at Tukums in Latvia 15-18 April 2000
Kvinnonamnens böjning i fornsvenskan : de ursprungligen starkt böjda namnen = The inflection of women's names in Old Swedish : names of originally strong declension
A Scanian grave find from the Vendel time
Lapps and labyrinths : Saami prehistory, colonization and cultural resilience
A detailed analysis of Saami prehistory from 5000 BC to AD 1500 along 500 km of the Bothnian coast in northern Sweden. The Saami were highly specialised seal hunters, who also practiced animal husbandry, farming and metallurgy in ways analagous to the Norse. In the early fourteenth century they were assimilated by the Swedish state, Christianized and driven inland, where many became nomadic reindeer herders. Their land-uses, place-names, technologies and spiritual ideas have strongly impacted upon north Swedish society and left an indelible, if little appreciated, imprint on Nordic culture.
Ancient monuments and prehistoric society : arbetshandling
A selection of the objects in the Smith collection of Egyptian antiquities at the Linköping museum, Sweden
Cultural interaction between east and west : archaeology, artefacts and human contacts in northern Europe
Excavations at Helgö. 3, Report for 1960-1964
Settlement, shieling and landscape : the local history of a forest hamlet
The power of antiquity:the Hyperborean research tradition in early modern Swedish research on national antiquity
Barshalder 3 : Rojrhage in Grötlingbo : a multi-component neolithic shore site on Gotland
Acquired or inherited prestige? : molecular studies of family structures and local horses in Central Svealand during the Early Medieval period
The Eufemiavisor and courtly culture : time, texts and cultural transfer : papers from a symposium in Stockholm 11-13 October 2012
Excavations at Helgö. 5:1, Workshop : 2
The archaeology of Skedemosse. 4, The Iron Age settlements of the Skedemosse area on Öland, Sweden
Summary.
Excavations at Helgö. 6, The Mälaren area
Vistad '88 revisited : ceramological analyses and Lusatian connections
Mediaeval drinking bowls of silver found in Sweden
The Bjurselet settlement III : finds and features : excavation report for 1962 to 1968. Volume 1
Ancient hunters and settlements in the mountains of Sweden : archaeological and ethnological investigations carried out in connection with power-station projects and lake regulation schemes
The Bjurselet settlement III : finds and features : excavation report for 1962 to 1968. Volume 2
Hallunda : a study of pottery from a late Bronze Age settlement in central Sweden
Follow the Vikings : highlights of the Viking world
Excavations at Helgö. 4, Workshop 1
Tärna-Okstindan glacial history project 1990-1993 : progress report
Excavations at Helgö. 7, Glass - iron - clay
The Mästermyr find : a Viking Age tool chest from Gotland
Barshalder : a cemetery in Grötlingbo and Fide parishes, Gotland, Sweden, c. AD 1-1100 : excavations and finds 1826-1971. 1, A cemetery in Grötlingbo and Fide parishes, Gotland, Sweden, c. AD 1-1100 : excavations and finds 1826-1971
Summaries
Crime goes underground ; Receiving stolen goods ; Restraining orders in Sweden ; The online sexual solicitation by adults of children in Sweden ; Threats and violence against prison and probation service staff
Excavations at Helgö. 17, Workshop, part 3
Excavations at Helgö. 14, Cemetery 118 and building group 7 and Cemetery 115
Displaced texts : an Old Swedish Birgittine Revelation in Copenhagen, GkS 1154 fol. and Three Sermons in Vienna, Cod. Vind. 13013
The Årby boat
The allure of the exotic : the social use of non-local raw materials during the Stone Age in Sweden
The cultural landscape during 6000 years in southern Sweden : the Ystad Project
Hällristningar : Kville härad i Bohuslän, Svenneby socken = Rock-carvings, Kville härad (hundred), Svenneby parish (county of Bohuslän)
From the Viking word-hoard : a dictionary of Scandinavian words in the languages of Britain and Ireland
The dolmen in Alvastra
The megaliths of Northern Europe
