http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24746 hybrid technology
hybrid technology
Proceedings of the International Energy Agency Task II : biomass growth and production technology : joint workshop : willow breeding and biotechnology development activities Long Ashton Research Station, Long Ashton, Bristol, BS18 9AF, United Kingdom 28 September - 6 October 1988.
Hybrid membrane processes in industrial water treatment : separation and recovery of inorganic compounds
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Batteries
Automotive engineering fundamentals
Elecric vehicle conversion : battery, recharging and energy system for a Toyota Yaris
Hybrid vehicles and the future of personal transportation
Automotive fuel and emissions control systems
Modern electric, hybrid electric, and fuel cell vehicles : fundamentals, theory, and design
Automotive engineering : powertrain, chassis system and vehicle body
Electric and hybrid vehicles : technologies, modeling, and control : a mechatronic approach
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Engines and powertrains
Chevrolet Volt : development story of the pioneering electrified vehicle / [edited] by Lindsay Brooke
Stiffness based trajectory planning and feedforward based vibration suppression control of parallel robot machines
Energy efficiency of a diesel-electric mobile working machine
Novel methods for error modeling and parameter identification of a redundant serial-parallel hybrid robot
Lightweight electric/hybrid vehicle design
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Fuel Cell Hybrid EVs
Electric vehicle battery systems
On heuristic hybrid methods and structured point sets in global continuous optimization
Flexible multibody dynamics and intelligent control of a hydraulically driven hybrid redundant robot machine
Electric vehicle technology explained
Principles of cyber-physical systems
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fiber and deinking
Electric & hybrid vehicle technology
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Braking systems and NVH considerations
Automotive electricity : electric drives
Genetically modified silver birch and hybrid aspen : target and non-target effects of introduced traits
Hybrid and alternative fuel vehicles
The electric car : development and future of battery, hybrid and fuel-cell cars
Printed functionality in the intersection of forest and ICT industries
Papermaking science and technology. Book 11, Pigment coating and surface sizing of paper
The Automotive Chassis. Vol. 2, System design
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Overview and viewpoints
In this bachelor thesis, general topics of the battery technology used in the hybrid and the electric vehicles including the battery management system will be discussed. This thesis will go also through general ideas related to the charging system of the electric and the hybrid vehicles including thoughts about the charging infrastructure. As a result of this thesis there are ideas presented, which can be utilized at the same time when the actual conversion of the vehicle will be executed. In this project, the students made a plan how to convert a Toyota Yaris passenger car to an electric vehicle. This kind of a project is the first in our school and therefore all things faced are quite new for project members. I personally spent my last year abroad in Austria in Fachhochschule Joanneum. FH-Joanneum has a wide knowledge about the content of the hybrid and the electric vehicles. FH-Joanneum is a significant university of applied sciences in Europe and it has projects among others within the EU in the field of electric vehicles. Three students got their thesis topics from this project. The other topics which are done are "Initial measurements and sample calculations" by Sami Heikkinen and "Comparison of electric motors and comparison of different controlling systems" by Antti Juutila.  My part of the project was to select and dimension an appropriate battery system for the vehicle. Another target was to make an outline for the recharging and regenerative energy recovery systems for the vehicle. This thesis was carried out under supervision of Markku Ikonen of the home university and Hubert Berger of FH-Joanneum.
Electric and hybrid vehicles
Somatic hybridization in crop improvement. 2
Frankenstein's cat : cuddling up to biotech's brave new beasts
Papermaking science and technology. Book 13, Print media : principles, processes and quality
Handbook of automotive power electronics and motor drives
Electric and hybrid vehicles : design fundamentals
Meatspace
Papermaking science and technology. Book 20, Biorefining of forest resources
Automated microassembly for microcomponents
Androgenic haploidization and interspecific and intraspecific somatic hybridization in potato germplasm development
Book alone is not enough : enriching printed learning material with digital mobile technology
