http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24760 frontotemporal lobar degeneration
frontotemporal lobar degeneration
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration in Finland : molecular genetics and clinical aspects
Resting-state functional MRI in behavioral variant of frontotemporal dementia
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration in Finland : Molecular genetics and clinical aspects
Genetics of inherited dementing disorders : special emphasis on Alzheimer's disease, frontotemporal dementia, Parkinson's disease and primary familial brain calcification
The spectrum of the phenotypes in the C9ORF72 expansion carriers : insights at the interface between neurology and psychiatry
Cerebrospinal fluid and plasma biomarkers in the differential diagnosis of neurodegenerative diseases
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration (FTLD) is the second most common neurodegenerative disease leading to early-onset dementia with an estimated worldwide prevalence of 10 to 30 cases per 100000 individuals in the age group of 46 to 65 years. Behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia (bvFTD) is the most common FTLD subtype. It is characterized by a progressive deterioration of behavior and personality as well as executive dysfunction. In Finland, almost 50 % of familial FTLD cases are attributable to the C9ORF72 mutation.bvFTD is associated with a characteristic pattern of brain atrophy detectable in structural MRI. However, these changes are typically not visible in the early stages of the disease. Resting-state functional MRI (RS-fMRI) is being increasingly used to evaluate changes in functional connectivity within neuronal networks in the brain but only a few RS-fMRI investigations of bvFTD patients have been published with inconsistent results.The object of this thesis was to investigate functional connectivity changes detected in the salience (SLN) and default mode networks (DMN) in bvFTD. Another aim was to clarify the role of other cognitive resting-state networks in this disease.A cohort of 26 bvFTD patients was studied, with 8 of these patients carrying the C9ORF72 expansion. Connectivity changes were detected in multiple clinically relevant cognitive networks. Decreased functional connectivity was observed in the SLN, which is associated with guiding of behavior. Increased activity was present in the DMN and the dorsal attention network (DAN). In C9ORF72 associated bvFTD, there was an abnormal linkage detected between the DMN and the thalamus.Currently, fMRI is generally used as a research tool and in a group setting. Different study methods have been used in the literature and also in the studies of this thesis, the analysis procedures differed to some extent. The variety of analysis methods may explain the heterogeneity in fMRI findings in bvFTD patients. There is a need for standardization of the fMRI methodology, larger study groups and also in the future the methodology should be improved so that single patient analysis would provide results to allow a confident diagnosis of this disease.
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration in Finland:molecular genetics and clinical aspects
Molecular genetics of early-onset Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal lobar degeneration
