http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24770 collective intelligence
collective intelligence
The Routledge companion to labor and media
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
Collective intelligence in open journalism : power, knowledge and value
" It's undeniable: technology is changing the way we think. But is it for the better? Amid a chorus of doomsayers, Clive Thompson delivers a resounding "yes." The Internet age has produced a radical new style of human intelligence, worthy of both celebration and analysis. We learn more and retain information longer, write and think with global audiences in mind, and even gain an ESP-like awareness of the world around us. Modern technology is making us smarter, better connected, and often deeper - both as individuals and as a society. In Smarter Than You Think Thompson shows that every technological innovation -from the written word to the printing press to the telegraph - has provoked the very same anxieties that plague us today. We panic that life will never be the same, that our attentions are eroding, that culture is being trivialized. But as in the past, we adapt - learning to use the new and retaining what's good of the old.
"In Smarter Than You Think Thompson shows that every technological innovation--from the written word to the printing press to the telegraph--has provoked the very same anxieties that plague us today. We panic that life will never be the same, that our attentions are eroding, that culture is being trivialized. But as in the past, we adapt--learning to use the new and retaining what's good of the old. Thompson introduces us to a cast of extraordinary characters who augment their minds in inventive ways. There's the seventy-six-year old millionaire who digitally records his every waking moment--giving him instant recall of the events and ideas of his life, even going back decades. There's a group of courageous Chinese students who mounted an online movement that shut down a $1.6 billion toxic copper plant. There are experts and there are amateurs, including a global set of gamers who took a puzzle that had baffled HIV scientists for a decade--and solved it collaboratively in only one month. Smarter Than You Think isn't just about pioneers. It's about everyday users of technology and how our digital tools--from Google to Twitter to Facebook and smartphones--are giving us new ways to learn, talk, and share our ideas. Thompson harnesses the latest discoveries in social science to explore how digital technology taps into our long-standing habits of mind--pushing them in powerful new directions. Our thinking will continue to evolve as newer tools enter our lives. Smarter Than You Think embraces and extols this transformation, presenting an exciting vision of the present and the future"--
Crowdsourcing as a model for problem solving : leveraging the collective intelligence of online communities for public good
Teletext in Europe : from the analog to the digital era
Tacit and explicit knowledge
The wisdom of crowds : why the many are smarter than the few and how collective wisdom shapes business, economies, societies, and nations
" It's undeniable-technology is changing the way we think. But is it for the better? Amid a chorus of doomsayers, Clive Thompson delivers a resounding "yes." The Internet age has produced a radical new style of human intelligence, worthy of both celebration and analysis. We learn more and retain it longer, write and think with global audiences, and even gain an ESP-like awareness of the world around us. Modern technology is making us smarter, better connected, and often deeper-both as individuals and as a society. In Smarter Than You Think Thompson shows that every technological innovation-from the written word to the printing press to the telegraph-has provoked the very same anxieties that plague us today. We panic that life will never be the same, that our attentions are eroding, that culture is being trivialized. But as in the past, we adapt-learning to use the new and retaining what's good of the old.Thompson introduces us to a cast of extraordinary characters who augment their minds in inventive ways. There's the seventy-six-year old millionaire who digitally records his every waking moment-giving him instant recall of the events and ideas of his life, even going back decades. There's a group of courageous Chinese students who mounted an online movement that shut down a $1.6 billion toxic copper plant. There are experts and there are amateurs, including a global set of gamers who took a puzzle that had baffled HIV scientists for a decade-and solved it collaboratively in only one month. Smarter Than You Think isn't just about pioneers. It's about everyday users of technology and how our digital tools-from Google to Twitter to Facebook and smartphones-are giving us new ways to learn, talk, and share our ideas.Thompson harnesses the latest discoveries in social science to explore how digital technology taps into our long-standing habits of mind-pushing them in powerful new directions. Our thinking will continue to evolve as newer tools enter our lives. Smarter Than You Think embraces and extols this transformation, presenting an exciting vision of the present and the future. "--
Theories of team cognition : cross-disciplinary perspectives
The wisdom of crowds
Collective wisdom : principles and mechanisms
Social physics : how good ideas spread - the lessons from a new science
Rough sets : theoretical aspects of reasoning about data
Collective Intelligence on Product Creation
Situated crowdsourcing : feasibility, performance and behaviours
The role of collective intelligence in crowdsourcing innovations
Digital materialities : design and anthropology
Rough sets and current trends in computing : first international conference, RSCTC'98, Warsaw, Poland, June 22-26, 1998 : proceedings
Short stories about tiny tasks : microtasks, crowdsourcing and gamification
The crowdsourcing handbook : the how to on crowdsourcing, complete expert's hints and tips guide by the leading experts, everything you need to know about crowdsourcing /.
Extraordinary groups : how ordinary teams achieve amazing results
The anti-education era : creating smarter students through digital learning
Net smart : how to thrive online
Fuzzy logic for the management of uncertainty
Situated crowdsourcing:feasibility, performance and behaviours
Democratizing online political discussion : a practice-oriented exploration in service design
The wisdom of crowds : why the many are smarter than the few
Digital collaborations and entrepreneurship : the role of shareconomy and crowdsourcing in the era of smart city
Too big to know : rethinking knowledge now that the facts aren't the facts, experts are everywhere, and the smartest person in the room is the room
Smarter than you think : how technology is changing our minds for the better
The participatory cultures handbook
Handbook of collective intelligence
Crowdsourcing for democracy : a new era in policy-making
