http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24747 adventure services
adventure services
Marketing in food, hospitality, tourism and events : a critical approach
Planning Marketing and Marketing Material for Levi Ice Hotel Luvattumaa
Marketing plan for Nita Wellness' event
Creating experiences in the experience economy
The experience economy
Providing value for customers in the experience economy : case Svanhild
Producing experience in marketplace encounters : a study of consumption experiences in art exhibitions and trade fairs
Summary: A guide to tourism studies.
Ecotourism in Scandinavia : lessons in theory and practice
Fundamentals of planning and developing tourism
A year of adventures : a guide to the world's most exciting experiences
Enabling experiences : the role of tour operators and tour leaders in creating and managing package tourism experiences
Customer involvement in new experiential tourism service development : evidence in wellbeing and nature tourism contexts
Museum as an experiential marketing channel to enhance the myth and utilise the heritage of a luxury brand : case Salvatore Ferragamo
Service experience in an innovation context
Human resource management in the hospitality industry : a guide to best practice
This book is the first to critically examine the many ways in which tourism and animals intersect and aims to make a meaningful contribution to the growing body of knowledge concerning the relationships between animals, tourists and the tourism industry.
Designing the creative tourism experience : a service design process with Namibian craftspeople
Handbook for experience tourism agents
New service development : creating memorable experiences
Adventure tourism
The Zappos experience : 5 principles to inspire, engage, and wow
Abstract.
Children's and families' holiday experience
River tourism
Sport tourism : concepts and theories
The tourism and leisure experience : consumer and managerial perspectives
Introduction to hospitality
The leisure industries
The experience! : how to wow your customers and create a passionate workplace
Cultural experience and health : the coherence of health and leisure time activities
From idea to plan : a business plan for SkyTouch Ltd
This project thesis has been commissioned by our client to focus on the creation of a user-friendly manual, describing the financial support instruments available for SMEs from the Finnish development agencies Finnvera and Tekes. The manual will focus on the SMEs in the field of services, specifically in the Experience industry.     In addition to the manual itself, we have provided an assessment tool to evaluate the effectiveness of the financial instruments  to be used in further research and development. The thesis report contains the key definitions plus an effective introduction to the key development agencies, in order to comprehend conceptually the scope of the project. The role of public agencies in public funding is discussed and the project's framework describes how the thesis question is set and addressed through the production of the manual. Further on, the thesis report reveals the various phases undertaken during the project's development process and the rationale behind these. The conclusions section provides an interesting summary of our key findings during the creation of the manual, which could inspire further research.    The project was completed during the year 2011. It was carried out following a similar path that an SME  would undertake by searching via internet for funding opportunities from Finnvera and Tekes. The information presented in the manual is the result of a massive information search, plus a thorough filtering, reformatting and summarizing visually in order to simplify and accelerate the access to relevant information, and the decision making for the target companies.     The project has been a highly valuable learning process about the role of the development agencies in Finland, the financing instruments available for SMEs, the conversion of massive information into well-structured and highly usable knowledge, and finally, the evaluation of these instruments. Additionally, the process of elaborating the financial manual has revealed several of the key strengths and weaknesses of the agencies' current funding portfolio.
Managing quality service in hospitality : how organizations achieve excellence in the guest experience
Adding value to a hostel visit
Storytelling : branding in practice
Handbook on the experience economy
Designing the digital experience : how to use experience design tools and techniques to build Websites customers love
Consuming experience
A year of adventures : a guide to where, what and when to do it
Creating experiences : a manual for the adventure brewery restaurant "Gipsmühle" Hohenschwangau
Animals and tourism : understanding diverse relationships
SME financial support instruments in Finland : Finnvera and Tekes
Culinary arts and sciences IV : global and national perspectives
The impact of entertainment on tourism : case study: Agency Remarc in Greece
Contemporary tourism : an international approach
Tourism in Brazil : environment, management and segments
How do archaeology and its products appear in popular culture and everyday life?
The central library as the steppingstone of Helsinki : developing new service design for an authentic tourist experience
The experience economy : work is theatre & every business a stage
IGU - internordic guide education project report
Spa : a comprehensive introduction
Handbook of industrial, work and organizational psychology. Vol. 2, Organizational psychology
Economy of experiences
THE IMPACT OF ENTERTAINMENT ON THE TOURISM SECTOR : Case study: Agency Remarc Greece
Quality tourism experiences
Leisure and recreation management
Introduction to hospitality management
The experience science : a new discipline on the rise
Strategic marketing in tourism services
"'Since the 1990s, tourism has become a major driver of economic activity and community development in Brazil. New policies and approaches, growing expertise and investment in tourism have brought significant transformation in tourism products, destination development and community involvement. In addition Brazil will be hosting two major sport events in the years ahead, i.e. the Soccer World Cup, in 2014, and the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, in 2016. Brazil offers many cultural and natural attractions but, similar to many other developing countries, it still struggles with issues such as infrastructure, accessibility, product development, service quality, market access and workforce training. This book provides an in-depth examination of tourism in Brazil, critically reviewing its development and management. The social, economic, political and environmental contexts of this emerging global power provide an intriguing backdrop. The book considers important development issues such as the changing policy context, community benefit tourism and indigenous tourism. It explores the impacts of tourism on the environment, changing community attitudes towards tourism, transport infrastructure and sustainability issues in events. Particular segments are explored including backpacker tourism, sensual tourism, adventure tourism and ecotourism and the implications for tourism research and education are examined. The book draws from theoretical foundations and practical insights, and gives voice to Brazilian researchers who are actively engaged in researching tourism. Drawing from cutting edge cross-cultural research, this original and timely book will be of interest to students, researchers and academics in the areas of Tourism, Geography and related disciplines.'"--
