http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24761 podiatry
podiatry
The diabetic foot
Podiatry : case based psychology
A colour atlas of foot and ankle disorders
Prevention of diabetic foot problems in Eastern Finland: the diabetics' own view on their feet condition, foot self-care practices, education and monitoring.
Nails : appearance and therapy
The foot and ankle in rheumatoid arthritis : a comprehensive guide
Management of Diabetic Foot Complications
Foot and ankle disorders : an illustrated reference
Assessment of the lower limb
Evidence-based practice across the health professions
Manual mobilization of the joints : joint examination and basic treatment. Volume 1, The extremities
Foot and ankle pain
Podiatric medical assisting
The functional foot orthosis
Text atlas of podiatric dermatology
International consensus on the diabetic foot
Knee pain and disability
Foot loading in normal and pathological walking
Introduction to podopediatrics
Neale's disorders of the foot : diagnosis and management
Maitland's peripheral manipulation : management of neuromusculoskeletal disorders. Volume 2
Neale's disorders of the foot
The foot : examination and diagnosis
Clinical biomechanics of the lower extremities
Fixing your feet : prevention and treatments for athletes
Foot and ankle injection techniques : a practical guide
This book explores the challenges of treating foot complications associated with diabetes, a major challenge for societies the world over. Authors include experienced podiatrists, nurses and doctors, all of whom work in the field of diabetes foot care. The book is divided into prevention and early management, management of major complications, prevention of recurrence and how to structure a team. In each area, the authors describe their practical experiences and discuss how they have addressed clinical challenges. Management of Diabetic Foot Complications provides useful information for anyone responsible for the care of people with diabetes who may be at risk of developing foot complications.
Gene therapy for ischemic diseases : VEGFs in myocardial and periiipheral ischemia
Offering up-to-date guidance to surgeons looking for the most current management for the care of Charcot arthropathy and related fractures of the foot and ankle in diabetic patients, this book discusses pathophysiology, recommendations for pre-surgical evaluations, and management strategies for diabetes and Charcot neuroarthropathy, along with demographics and epidemiology of diabetes. Conservative care, total contact casts and footwear are discussed, as well as the management of infections and osteomyelitis. Acute fractures and Charcot arthropathy for the forefoot, midfoot and ankle follow, including plate and axial fixation techniques, with authors' preferred treatment strategies presented in step-by-step fashion. Written and edited by recognized leaders in the field, this is a must-have for orthopedic surgeons and podiatrists treating diabetic patients and will be an excellent resource for treating these debilitating afflictions.
The foot and ankle in sport
The foot in diabetes
Reflexotherapy of the feet
This book, specifically designed to be of value in clinical practice, is an up-to-date, case-oriented reference on the various common foot and ankle disorders that is presented in the style of a teaching file, with a wealth of informative illustrations. The text is concise and informative, providing a general overview of each disorder, identifying key points for correct diagnosis and differential diagnosis, and highlighting tips and pitfalls in conservative and operative treatment. The most important feature, however, is the depiction of representative cases by means of detailed, high-quality color photographs that will acquaint the reader with the key appearances relevant to diagnosis and treatment.
Recent advances in orthotic therapy : improving clinical outcomes with a pathology-specific approach
50 foot challenges : assessment and management
Professional practice for podiatric medicine
The surgical management of the diabetic foot and ankle
Atlas of the diabetic foot
Gait analysis : an introduction
Clinical skills in treating the foot
Manual of nail disease and surgery
