http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24749 Afroasiatic languages
Afroasiatic languages Semitic-Hamitic languages
The phonology of two central Chadic languages
This volume features over fifty of the world's languages and language families. The featured languages have been chosen based on the number of speakers, their role as official languages and their cultural and historical importance. Each language is looked at in depth, and the chapters provide information on both grammatical features and on salient features of the language's history and cultural role. This second edition has been updated and revised. Two new languages, Amharic and Javanese, have been included. This accessible volume will appeal to anyone with an interest in linguistics. Attention is paid to both grammatical and sociolinguistic features. Attention is concentrated on the world's major languages designed to be accessible to all readers with an interest in language.
Aspects of Dirayata morphology and syntax : a lexical-functional grammar approach
Development of Afro-Asiatic (Semito-Hamitic) comparative-historical linguistics in Russia and the former Soviet Union
The afroasiatic protolanguage : an attempt at a combined phylogenetic and historical-comparative reconstruction with anthropological objectives
A grammar of Goemai
A grammar of Mina
World's major languages
The Lamang language and dictionary : documenting Gwàd Làmàn, endangered central Chadic language in Northeastern Nigeria. Volume 1, The Laman language
Dialectology in optimality theory : the case of Amazigh
A comparative Semitic lexicon of the Phoenician and Punic languages
The Afroasiatic languages
Texts for linguistic analysis : glossed narratives in Tarifit Berber
The major languages of South Asia, the Middle East and Africa
Semitic and Afroasiatic : challenges and opportunities
Grammaticalization of the complex sentence : a case study in Chadic
Toward proto-Nostratic : a new approach to the comparison of proto-Indo-European and proto-Afroasiatic
The stress system of Berber : an optimality-theoretic approach
Hamito-Semitic etymological dictionary : material for a reconstruction
Cushitic and Omotic languages : proceedings of the Third International Symposium Berlin, March 17-19, 1994
A phonology of Tarifit Berber
Semito-Hamitic languages : an essay in classification
Babel und Bibel 7 : annual of ancient Near Eastern, Old Testament and Semitic studies
Reconstructing Proto-Afroasiatic (Proto-Afrasian) : vowels, tone, consonants, and vocabulary
Encoding motion case studies from Africa : in memory of Ursula Drolc
New data and new methods in Afroasiatic linguistics : Robert Hetzron in memoriam
The meaning of nfš mt in The Old Testament
Afroasiatic : a survey
Literature, journalism and the avant-garde : intersection in Egypt
Sounds and words through the ages : afroasiatic studies from Turin
Focus strategies in African languages : the interaction of focus and grammar in Niger-Congo and Afro-Asiatic
African languages : an introduction
Egyptian and Semito-Hamitic (Afro-Asiatic) studies : in memoriam W. Vycichl
The Lamang language and dictionary : documenting Gwàd Làmàn, endangered central Chadic language in Northeastern Nigeria. Volume 2, A dictionary of Lamang
The Siwi language : a short grammar of the Siwi language, with a map and ten appendices, including a brief account of the customs, etc., of the Siwani, together with a description of the Oasis of Siwa
Geʻez : (classical Ethiopic)
Inor
Selected comparative-historical Afrasian linguistic studies : in memory of Igor M. Diakonoff
A grammar of Hdi
