http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24771 webometrics
webometrics
Summary: "Foreword Big data and analytics promise to change virtually every industry and business function over the next decade. Any organization that gets started early with big data can gain a significant competitive edge. Just as early analytical competitors in the "small data" era (including Capital One bank, Progressive Insurance, and Marriott hotels) moved out ahead of their competitors and built a sizable competitive edge, the time is now for firms to seize the big data opportunity. As this book describes, the potential of big data is enabled by ubiquitous computing and data gathering devices; sensors and microprocessors will soon be everywhere. Virtually every mechanical or electronic device can leave a trail that describes its performance, location, or state. These devices, and the people who use them, communicate through the Internet--which leads to another vast data source. When all these bits are combined with those from other media--wireless and wired telephony, cable, satellite, and so forth--the future of data appears even bigger. The availability of all this data means that virtually every business or organizational activity can be viewed as a big data problem or initiative. Manufacturing, in which most machines already have one or more microprocessors, is increasingly a big data environment. Consumer marketing, with myriad customer touchpoints and clickstreams, is already a big data problem. Google has even described its self-driving car as a big data project. Big data is undeniably a big deal, but it needs to be put in context"--.
"How can Twitter data be used to study individual-level human behavior and social interaction on a global scale? This book introduces readers to the methods, opportunities, and challenges of using Twitter data to analyze phenomena ranging from the number of people infected by the flu, to national elections, to tomorrow's stock prices. Each chapter, written by leading domain experts in clear and accessible language, takes the reader to the forefront of the newly emerging field of computational social science. An introductory chapter on Twitter data analysis provides an overview of key tools and skills, and gives pointers on how to get started, while the case studies demonstrate shortcomings, limitations, and pitfalls of Twitter data as well as its advantages. The book will be an excellent resource for social science students and researchers wanting to explore the use of online data"--
Social media mining : an introduction
Library analytics and metrics : using data to drive decisions and services
Web metrics for library and information professionals
Learn to harness the full power of Google Analytics. Clifton shows you analytics that are advanced enough to give you all the crucial decision-making insights, yet simple enough to digest and quickly implement in a clever way.
Information science in transition
How to measure digital marketing : metrics for assessing impact and designing success
Scholarly communication in library and information services : the impacts of open access journals and e-journals on a changing scenario
Measuring open access : studies of web-enabled innovation in scientific journal publishing
Analyzing social media networks with NodeXL : insights from a connected world
Advanced Web Metrics with Google Analytics
This is a practical guide to using web metrics to measure impact and demonstrate value. The web provides an opportunity to collect a host of different metrics, from those associated with social media accounts and websites to more traditional research outputs. This book is a clear guide for library and information professionals as to what web metrics are available and how to assess and use them to make informed decisions and demonstrate value. As individuals and organizations increasingly use the web in addition to traditional publishing avenues and formats, this book provides the tools to unlock web metrics and evaluate the impact of this content. The key topics covered include: bibliometrics, webometrics and web metrics; data collection tools; evaluating impact on the web; evaluating social media impact; investigating relationships between actors; exploring traditional publications in a new environment; web metrics and the web of data; the future of web metrics and the library and information professional.
Following tweets around : informetric methodology for the twittersphere
Measuring the Success of Digital Marketing explains how to determine the success of a digital marketing campaign by demonstrating what digital marketing metrics are as well as how to measure and use them. Including real life case studies and experts viewpoints that help marketers navigate the digital world.
Webometric network analysis : mapping cooperation and geopolitical connections between local government administration on the web
Big data, mining, and analytics : components of strategic decision making
Introduction to webometrics : quantitative web research for the social sciences
