http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2477 team games (sports)
team games (sports)
The work of professional football : a labour of love?
How to coach a soccer team : professional advice on building a winning team
Teaching and learning team sports and games
World soccer : e-lehti
Prevention of injuries among youth team sports : the role of decreased movement control as a risk factor
Group dynamics in sport
Teaching games for understanding in physical education and sport : an international perspective
Teaching sports concepts and skills : a tactical games approach for ages 7 to 18
The Psychology of coaching team sports : a self-help guide
IHF handball challenge 14 : PS3
Teaching team sports : a coeducational approach
Grant Fuhr : the story of a hockey legend
The year is 2048. You are part of a team of elite officers in command of a state-of-the-art submarine. The hunt has begun. Your mission is simple: seek and destroy the enemy submarine. To beat the enemy, you must cooperate with your teammates. Only the team who best communicates and works together will survive the encounter...
Ever since he saw the legendary player known as the "Little Giant" compete at the national volleyball finals, Shoyo Hinata has been aiming to be the best volleyball player ever! He decides to join the team at the high school the Little Giant went to-and then surpass him. Who says you need to be tall to play volleyball when you can jump higher than anyone else? After losing his first and last volleyball match against Tobio Kageyama, "the King of the Court," Shoyo Hinata swears to become his rival after graduating middle school. But what happens when the guy he wants to defeat ends up being his teammate?!
After proving themselves to be the ultimate combination in their practice match against Tsukishima, Kageyama and Hinata are finally allowed to join the club! Hinata's true power-to perfectly time his spikes with his eyes closed-is awakened and nothing can seem to stop this crazy setter-spiker duo. Now their skills are about to put to the test at a practice match against one of Kageyama's former teammates from middle school, Toru Oikawa.
Youth soccer coaching : a complete guide to building a successful team
Technical and tactical game analysis of elite basketball in three different levels
Teaching sport concepts and skills : a tactical games approach
Four four two : e-lehti
Study of changes in ice hockey game on world championship level from 1991 to 2003
Soccer techniques, tactics & teamwork
The story of the World Cup
Go! fight! win! : cheerleading in American culture
Curling for dummies
Executive marbles : and other team building activities
Swimming games and activities : for individuals, partners and groups of children
Madden NFL 17 : PlayStation 4
Take me out to the pesis game!
The relationship between endurance capacity, game performance and estimated accumulation of fatigue in young football players
Complete conditioning for rugby
All the way : my life on ice
Wearing the "C" : leadership secrets from hockey's greatest captains
Hockey : the skills of the game
Captain Sonar
Soccer : technique & tactics
Freetime machos
Soccer systems & strategies
Game sense : pedagogy for performance, participation and enjoyment
Faith of Our Fathers : Football as Religion
Volleyball : steps to success
Official soccer rules illustrated
The complete book of games
Coaching basketball
The unquiet ones : a history of Pakistan cricket
Improving teaching and learning in physical education
Parenting, achievement strategies and satisfaction in ice hockey
Sport and the spirit of play in contemporary American fiction
Ball sports
Don't call me goon : a tribute to hockey's great enforcers, bad boys, and gunslingers
The Hockey coaching bible
Soccer for everyone
Maxillofacial and dental injuries in contact team sports
Offside : soccer and American exceptionalism
NHL 17 : PlayStation 4
Roller derby : the sensation that caused a book : confessions of a roller derby mascot
Holistic futsal : a total mind-body-spirit approach
Summary.
Flat Stanley plays ball
Rugby skills, tactics and rules
The association game : a history of British football, 1863-2005
Athlete-centred coaching : developing inspired and inspiring people
The Hockey drill book
The economics of association football
Manchester United : a thematic study
Leadership the Sven-Göran Eriksson way : how to turn your team into winners
Science and soccer : developing elite performers
The shooting star
What goes on tour stays on tour
Women's softball
Widely acknowledged as the best hockey book ever written and lauded by Sports Illustrated as one of the Top 10 Sports Books of All Time, The Game is a reflective and thought-provoking look at a life in hockey. Ken Dryden, the former Montreal Canadiens goalie and former president of the Toronto Maple Leafs, captures the essence of the sport and what it means to all hockey fans. He gives vivid and affectionate portraits of the characters--Guy Lafleur, Larry Robinson, Guy Lapointe, Serge Savard, and coach Scotty Bowman among them--who made the Canadiens of the 1970s one of the greatest hockey teams in history. But beyond that, Dryden reflects on life on the road, in the spotlight, and on the ice, offering a rare inside look at the game of hockey and an incredible personal memoir. This commemorative edition marks the 30th anniversary of the book's original publication, and it includes a new foreword by Bill Simmons, new photography, and a new chapter, "The Game Goes On." Take a journey to the heart and soul of the game with this timeless hockey classic.
'67: The Maple Leafs, their sensational victory, and the end of an empire
Karasuno has successfully defeated Tohru Oikawa and Aoba Johsai in their practice match, but the team's future doesn't look so bright. The match uncovered serious holes in Karasuno's defense, which would be fatal in a real game! What they need is a defense expert, a libero, to cover their holes for them. It turns out Karasuno does have a libero named Yu Nishinoya, but he was suspended for one week for violent behavior! And he's even shorter than Hinata!
Baseball and softball
Haikyu!!. 5, Inter-high begins
World soccer : Helsinki
The game
The house on Maple street and other stories
It seemed as though nothing could stop Jordin Tootoo on the ice. The captain of Canada's Under-18, a fan favourite on the World Junior squad, and a WHL top prospect who could intimidate both goalies and enforcers, he was always a leader. And when Tootoo was drafted by Nashville in 2000 and made the Predators out of camp in 2003, he became a leader in another way: the first player of Inuk descent to suit up in the NHL. ALL THE WAY tells the story of someone who has travelled far from home to realize a dream, someone who has known glory and cheering crowds, but also the demons of despair.
Champions magazine : Helsinki
Sport and social theory
The art of coarse rugby
Football didactics
Leading teams : tools and techniques for successful team leadership from the sports world
The union game : a rugby history
The competition-cooperation link : games for developing respectful competitors
