http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2475 Celts
Celts
The Mabinogion
The Celtic world
Stonehenge : mysteries of the stones and landscape
The druids
Britain B.C. : life in Britain and Ireland before the romans
The horse in Celtic culture : medieval Welsh perspectives
Worlds Of Arthur : facts & fictions of the dark ages
The mountain behind the mountain : aspects of the Celtic tradition
Lady of Avalon
The spirit stone
Celtic tales of enchantment
Connemara : a little Gaelic kingdom
The Celts : Bronze Age to New Age
Ireland : land of the Celts
The Bronze Age and the Celtic World
Třisov : a celtic oppidium in South Bohemia
A celtic reader : selections from celtic legend, scholarship and story
A decade has passed since the death of Caradoc, King of the Dumnonii tribe, and his friend, Flavius Magnus Maximus. Britain is battered by Pict invaders, and centurion Constantinus and his legionnaires are fighting them to the death. Maximus's daughter, Lady Severa, holds the key to the throne of the High King of the Britons and when she is threatened with abduction, Constantinus escorts her to the safety of Tintagel. Agreeing to marry her, he is crowned the High King, and Severa bears him two sons, Ambrosius and Uther. But, as the ruler of Britain, Constantinus is poisoned by greed and jealousy, and his thirst for greatness in the Roman Empire will cost him dear...
The celts : step into the world of the Celtic peoples, with 15 step-by-step projects and over 400 exciting pictures
Chronicles of the celts : new tellings of their myths and legends
Celts in legend and reality : papers from the sixth Australian Conference of Celtic Studies, University of Sydney, July 2007
The magical year : seasonal celebrations to honour nature's ever-turning wheel
The Celts : the constructing of a myth
The enchanted islands : a comparison of mythological traditions from Ireland and Iceland
Celtic myths
Die Anfänge der keltischen Zivilisation in Böhmen = The beginnings of Celtic civilisation in Bohemia = Počátky keltské civilizace v Čechách
The atlas of lost cults and mystery religions : rediscover extraordinary traditions from the dawn of time
The blood of kings
Arthurian romance : a short introduction
Status and Exchange in Early Irish Laws
The Northern World : The history and heritage of Northern Europe AD 400 - 1100
Celtic borders : with 244 illustrations
An leabhar mòr : the great book of Gaelic
Celtic heritage : ancient tradition in Ireland and Wales
Celtic collection : 32 colour cards
King Arthur : dragon's child
Valley of silence
What life was like among druids and high kings : celtic Ireland ad 400 - 1200
The sacred world of the Celts : an illustrated guide to Celtic spirituality and mythology
The ultimate encyclopedia of mythology : an A-Z guide to the myths and legends of the ancient world
Celtic art in Pagan and Christian times
Grimoire of the lamb
Celtic cross-stitch
The silver bough
Cuchulain of Muirthemne : the story of the men of the Red Branch of Ulster
Sláine the king
The four elements : reflections on nature
10 best Arthurian legends ever!
The Celts
The Book of Kells
Carruurtii reer Leer : [Waa Khuraafaadkii Dadka Keltik-ga] = The Children of Lir : [a celtic legend]
Celtic spirals and other designs
Imagining the supernatural north
Exploring the world of the Celts
Pagan Celtic Britain : studies in iconography and tradition
The illustrated guide to Celtic mythology
The Celtic realms
Celtic myths and legends
Web of deceit
The archetypal 'barbarians from the north', the Celts were feared for their ferocity in battle and admired as skilled craftsmen. For two and half thousand years the Celts have continued to fascinate all who have come into contact with them. The ancient Celts presents an absorbing account of the tribes whose origins and identity still provoke heated debate. Exploring the archaeological reality of the Iron Age inhabitants of barbarian Europe, Professor Cunliffe traces the emergence of chiefdoms,patterns of expansion and migration, and the development of Celtic ethnicity and identity.
The celts
Merlin : once and future wizard
Identifying the Celtic
Celtic jewellery
Wolf blood
The fire dragon : book three of The Dragon mage
Newsletter of the School of Celtic Studies
Druids, gods & heroes from Celtic mythology
Nhung Nguòi Con cua Li-o : môt truyên cô tich cua Nguòi Seo = The Children of Lir : a celtic legend
The fate of Roman Britain is sealed when Caradoc, King of the Dumnonii tribe in Tintagel, meets Flavius Magnus Maximus, one of the most influential Roman officers in Britannia. Their unlikely friendship leads to an ambitious plan to unite the tribal leaders and, once crowned the first High King of the Britons, Maximus casts his eyes on the throne of the Western Roman Empire. Leading a force of brave warriors to Gaul, Maximus is victorious in battle. But it is not long after his return to Britain that hubris gnaws at him once again. Despite Caradoc's pleas to exercise caution, Maximus is determined to march on Rome itself. But who will pay the price for his bloodthirsty quest for power?
Fabulous Celtic beasts
The Celtic way of life
Celtic religion across space and time : X Workshop F.E.R.C.AN, Fontes Epigraphici Religionum Celticarum Antiqvarum
Midnight falcon
Sláine the wanderer
Dream Angus : the Celtic god of dreams
The world in the time of Charlemagne 700-900 AD
King Arthur : warrior of the West
Dictionary of Celtic religion and culture
The winter king : a novel of Arthur
Aged 30 Sharon Blackie found herself weeping in the car park of the multinational corporation where she worked, wondering if this was what a nervous breakdown felt like. With a PhD in Psychology she ought to have known. Somewhere along the line she realised she had lost herself. And so began a long winding journey back to authenticity, rootedness in place, and belonging. In this extraordinary book of myth memoir and modern day mentors Blackie faces the wasteland of Western culture, the repression of women, and the devastation of our planet. She boldly names the challenge to reimagine women's place in the world and to rise up firmly rooted in our own native landscapes and the powerful stories and wisdom which spring from them. If Women Rose Rooted offers a haunting heroine's journey for every woman who finds power inspiration and solace in the natural world.
Chronicles of the Celts
Celtic mythology
Studia Celtica Fennica II : essays in honour of Anders Ahlqvist
The Celtic seasonal wheel is based on eight festivals - Winter Solstice, Imbolc, Spring Equinox, Beltane, Summer Solstice, Lughnasadh, Autumn Equinox and Samhain. Together, these lead us through the cycle of the year, aligning our awareness with the seasonal pattern of the earth beneath our feet. In this book on the solstices, equinoxes and other festivals within the sacred cycle, Danu Forest reveals the secrets of each festival in turn and skilfully revives ancient traditions, encouraging us to reconnect with nature, and ourselves, with a host of practical ideas and rituals. Decorate your home with beautiful seasonal crafts and altars to manifest sacred space. Make gifts to give to friends, cast spells for creativity, fertility and blessing, and use the abundance of nature in recipes that can be enjoyed as part of your seasonal celebrations or for self-healing and empowerment. Meditate on the changing heavens throughout the year with Celtic star lore. Deepen your experience of the turning seasons, from the rest and renewal of winter through the revels of spring and summer to the soul or spirit nights of autumn with magical guided visualizations. This cycle of conscious celebration helps us, year on year, to align with nature's rhythms with greater wonder and insight. Based on sound extensive research, as well as many years of practical experience through both personal practice and teaching, the book will act as a guide for weaving a new, more soulful way of living into readers' everyday existence.
On a Late-Celtic urn-field at Aylesford, Kent
The road wet, the wind close : celtic Ireland
The Druids : a study in Keltic prehistory
The illustrated encyclopaedia of Arthurian legends
The work of angels : masterpieces of Celtic metalwork, 6th-9th centuries AD
The bear, the warrior and the great mother : the cult of the bear in Celtic traditions
The red wyvern
Historical atlas of the celtic world
An Introduction to Celtic Christianity
Celtic ornament : art of the scribe
Finding Arthur : the true origins of the once and future King
The Winter King : a novel of Arthur
The Celtic book of living and dying : the illustrated guide to Celtic wisdom
Heroes, Gods and monsters of Celtic mythology
The Celtic way of prayer
The Celts : based upon the S4C television series
World of myths
Celtic art : the methods of construction
Approaches to religion and mythology in Celtic studies
The Celtic Empire : the first millennium of Celtic history c. 1000 BC - 51 AD
The ancient Celts
Arthurian literature and society
The knights of the round table
Druids : a very short introduction
The modern-day druidess
Finn and the fían : reflections of ancient Celtic myth and institutions in early and medieval Ireland
Celtic designs and motifs
Celts and the classical world
Sword in the storm
Celtic mysteries : the ancient religion
The Celts : artists and storytellers
After Rome : a novel of Celtic Britain
The everything Celtic wisdom book : find inspiration through ancient traditions, rituals, and spirituality
King Arthur : the truth behind the legend
Bricks
Celtic design : illuminated letters
The art of the celts : origins, history, culture
Celtic art : an introduction
Lir aracanin kuzhanthaigal = The Children of Lir
Atfal Lir = The Children of Lir : [a celtic legend]
Morrigan's cross
Death of an empire
An introduction to Celtic mythology
Dark fairies
If women rose rooted : the power of the Celtic woman
Two ravens and one crow
Step into the .. Celtic world
A treasury of Celtic design
Celtic Britain
Camelot 3000 : The deluxe edition
Celtic myths and beliefs
Arthurian tradition : a beginner's guide
Christianity and the Celts
Ravenheart : a novel of the Rigante
King Arthur and the Grail quest : myth and vision from Celtic times to the present
Sláine : the horned god
Myths and civilization of the celts
Dance of the gods
Symbol and image in Celtic religious art
The forts of celtic Britain
AN INTRODUCTION TO CELTIC MYTHOLOGY
Child of the prophecy : book three of the Sevenwaters trilogy
"Celtic art includes some of the most famous archaeological artefacts in the British Isles, such as the Battersea shield or the gold torcs from Snettisham. However, this body of material has usually been considered from an art historical point of view. Technologies of Enchantment? Exploring Celtic Art attempts to resituate Celtic art back within its archaeological context, looking at how it was made, used, and deposited. Based on the first comprehensive database of Celtic art objects in Britain, the book brings together current theories concerning the links between people and artefacts found in many areas of the social sciences with one of the richest archaeological datasets in prehistoric Britain. The authors argue that Celtic art was deliberately complex and ambiguous, being used to negotiate social position and relations in an inherently unstable later Iron Age world, and to develop new forms of identity and resistance with the coming of the Romans."--Jacket.
Fingal's cave, the poems of Ossian and Celtic Christianity
Celtic spirituality
The poisoned throne
Celtic designs : 100 new and original hand-drawn copyright-free designs
Lord of Misrule
Cut-throat Celts
Technologies of enchantment? : exploring Celtic art : 400 BC to AD 100
Clash of kings
Celtic art and design
The best of 2000 AD : hundreds of classic strips from the galaxy's greatest comic
