http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24769 lean manufacturing
lean manufacturing lean production
Lean production simplified : a plain language guide to the world's most powerful production system
Information management and lean management in public health care with a special reference to the laboratory
"This book presents a first of its kind approach that describes critical components for sustainable Lean management. The handbook shows how managers at all levels of the organization can integrate Lean into their daily management activities. It also defines the Lean philosophy, beliefs and behaviors required to develop a thriving Lean company culture. Packed with detailed examples and step-by-step instructions, it's the ideal handy reference guide to help mangers and leaders make the transition from the classroom to the field. It will feature brief summaries and examples of the most important tools in Lean management systems development"--
Build Lean : transforming construction using lean thinking
Using Value Proposition Design and Lean Method to Reduce Risks of Starting a Business : Case: Cuban Art Gallery
Improving sustainable supply chain management with 3D printing : case company: Leet International
Improving Processes Through Lean -Management : Case Study
Customer discovery and customer validation in Lean software startups
Managing lean transformation process at Componenta Pistons
Developing the book-entry securities account transfer process in a financial services company : case: back office
Lean User Experience Design in Practice : A Case Study: Implementing Lean User Experience Design in Software Development
Practice of lean entrepreneurship principles by business incubators in Turku
Combining lean thinking and agile software development:how do software-intensive companies use them in practice?
Describes the management principles of Lean production that are employed by Toyota.
Music industry's business models in the digital era focused on indie artists : a study case
The lean practitioner's field book : proven, practical, profitable and powerful techniques for making lean really work
Service design in information technology startups : unpacking opportunities and challenges through three case studies
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
Improving customer case resolution time in Telecom vendor technical support centres: customer  service perspective
Cross-functional supply chain management : recognising the need and implementation
People, process, and culture : lean manufacturing around the real world
"Lean methodology has proven effective in reducing costs and waste, and improving quality and value. Unfortunately, many in health care interpret lean's emphasis on reducing variation and standardizing work as anti-innovation. The book describes how VMMC has systematically integrated the structures, methods and cultural practices from the creativity and innovation literature into its implementation of lean. The theme of the book will be to show not just conceptually, but through VMMC's actual experiences how lean and innovation can work hand-in-hand to both incrementally improve and radically transform value streams"--Provided by publisher.
Improving software development process with continuous integration practices
Implementation of Lean Manufacturing Tools in Garment Manufacturing Process Focusing Sewing Section of Men’s Shirt
Implementation of Lean manufacturing tools in garment manufacturing process focusing sewing section of men's shirt
Scaling lean : mastering the key metrics for startup growth
Leading and managing the Lean management process
The lean management systems handbook
The supply chain management plays a large role in company operations. It is crucial for any company to have a functional supply chain. The lean supply chain management focuses on reducing all non-value added activities from it and make it more efficient. There has been an increasing awareness in the recent decades how valuable it is to have efficient and functional supply chain and lean supply chain management aims for this purpose solely.  Wurth Oy which is a Finnish subsidiary for the Wurth GmbH which is a global wholesale company that operates in over 80 countries. Their product range which is over 125.000 items varies from technical products to screws and accessories.  In this thesis the focus is in Wurth Oy and their inventory management, delivery networks and information technology. The main purpose is to contemplate the current status of these three mentioned sections and using the lean supply chain management theories to find means to make improvement suggestions for their supply chain consisting of these three parts.
Lean accounting : best practices for sustainable integration
Lean is world's most popular management systems. Lean is based on Toyota production system and one of the managers of Toyota, Taiichi Onco has developed the system. In the 21st century, global situation is forcing companies to be more and more efficient. In Lean the company and its employees concentrates on continuous improvement of their work. All the waste is tried to minimize. Lean has different tools to help develop the company's sustainability and profitability. In this thesis work SMED- analysis and 5S were used. When Lean is implemented it is really important that the management fully committed to Lean. When management has affirmative opinion it is easy to get in production. Lean must be accept by the whole organization and then the results are good. All the workers had to accept Lean as way to do work. At the end of the implementation of 5S the visual look of the factory has changed. In 5Soperators of the production machine operators made a huge work. After implementa-tion it is really important that 5S level is sustained Visual look really matters, when ex-ample customer is visiting in the mill. Also in clean environment is better place to work. In SMED- analysis process engineers were train how to do analysis in machine and time study notes for operators movement. When time study workshop was kept also the op-erators were joining. In SMED workshop had good developing ideas for improving the changeover of one production machine. Thesis contains confidential material.
Distribution channel improvement using Lean SCM : case: Wurth Oy
"The missing manual on how to apply Lean Startup to build products that customers love The Lean Product Playbook is a practical guide to building products that customers love. Whether you work at a startup or a large, established company, we all know that building great products is hard. Most new products fail. This book helps improve your chances of building successful products through clear, step-by-step guidance and advice. The Lean Startup movement has contributed new and valuable ideas about product development and has generated lots of excitement. However, many companies have yet to successfully adopt Lean thinking. Despite their enthusiasm and familiarity with the high-level concepts, many teams run into challenges trying to adopt Lean because they feel like they lack specific guidance on what exactly they should be doing. If you are interested in Lean Startup principles and want to apply them to develop winning products, this book is for you.This book describes the Lean Product Process: a repeatable, easy-to-follow methodology for iterating your way to product-market fit. It walks you through how to: Determine your target customers Identify underserved customer needs Create a winning product strategy Decide on your Minimum Viable Product (MVP) Design your MVP prototype Test your MVP with customers Iterate rapidly to achieve product-market fit This book was written by entrepreneur and Lean product expert Dan Olsen whose experience spans product management, UX design, coding, analytics, and marketing across a variety of products. As a hands-on consultant, he refined and applied the advice in this book as he helped many companies improve their product process and build great products. His clients include Facebook, Box, Hightail, Epocrates, and Medallia.Entrepreneurs, executives, product managers, designers, developers, marketers, analysts and anyone who is passionate about building great products will find The Lean Product Playbook an indispensable, hands-on resource"--
Lean healthcare deployment and sustainability
Software developer experience : case studies in lean-agile and open source environments
Mastering lean product development : a practical, event-driven process for maximizing speed, profits and quality
The importance of customer services has increased along with the growing use of information technology. The last decades have been time of rapid development and expansion of usage for the healthcare IT systems. For this reason the importance of customer services has emerged playing a major role in companies active in this field of industry. This study focuses on the customer support unit and the process of the customer service of a company operating in this industry. The aim of improving the efficiency of the customer support unit has naturally increased customer satisfaction. A more detailed goal in this study is to increase the performance of the customer support unit in a process point of view, and in that way to have a positive impact on the main objective. The first phase of this study was to clarify the present state of the organization and the functionality of the process in general. The survey information obtained was used for a further study, which was explored based of the findings in the initial results that were showing possible problem areas in the functionality of the customer service process. The research was done by applying ideas of the LEAN methodology for service industry activities – the main focus in efficiency of the flow and thereby better customer experience and more efficient operations in the customer support unit. From the ERP and the hour-logging system used in the company a very comprehensive report was available on the basis of which a sufficiently detailed analysis was done successfully. Based on the results the operation of the customer support unit was fine-tuned to a more efficient model by changing the operating model of the selected pilot group. Increasing the flow efficiency by changing the mode of operation was particularly targeted. After the changes had been implemented, the impacts were verified by analyzing the same reports that were used in the change analysis made before the change. The data after the change is to be used as decision support for further amendments. It could be concluded that impacts have been positive – based on the after change analysis the flow efficiency of the process has increased.
Developing lean processes for quality cost information collection in a large manufacturing firm : case : Valmet Technologies Inc
Changeover development with SMED-analysis
Customer stimulation in lean software develpment
Introduction and implementation of the 5S-operation model for ST-Koneistus Ltd
Production System Lean Transformation : Case: Merivaara Oy
How to implement lean manufacturing
The controller as lean leader : a novel on changing behavior with a lean cost management system
Becoming lean : a case of Finnish boating industry
Lean Pedagogy : Using Lean Thinking to Improve Student Results and Optimiza Classroom Costs
Six Sigma for organizational excellence : a statistical approach
Lean TPM : a blueprint for change
Creating a kaizen culture : align the organization, achieve breakthrough results, and sustain the gains
Fix Your Supply chain : how to create a sustainable lean improvment roadmap
Beyond Lean production : emphazising speed and innovation to beat the competition
Empirical study of project management practices
Production control and planning with Lean construction and Location based management
Lean manufacturing : tools, techniques, and how to use them
Factory physics for managers : how leaders improve performance in a post-lean six sigma world
Value stream mapping : how to visualize work and align leadership for organizational transformation
Lean computing for the cloud
Lead with respect : a novel of lean practice
First leap into the lean financial closing process : Understanding the team drivers for adopting lean accounting process
The development of a modular cabin assembly process = [Modulaarisen hytin kokoonpanoprosessin kehittäminen]
Utilizing lean management in return logistics process
Process performance in customer services
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to design Kanban system and create implementation plan for a laundry business case Ravanin Pesula Oy. Washing process was targeted for designing since it plays an important role in controlling inventory level at Ravanin. The thesis project was carried out with ambitious of designing a reliable and applicable Kanban system together with manageable implementation plan using various studies about Kanban, author's working experiences as well as supporting from Ravanin in gathering data. The implementation in action would be up to the case company to whether apply it into their washing process using the designed Kanban size and signal, or modified it according to their preferences.  The theory approach was focus on two mains sections including designing Kanban system and creating implementation plan. The idea of Kanban in Lean manufacturing was first provided as well giving the reasons why Kanban would be an ideal option to utilize time for production planning as well as minimise inventory level. The theories for designing Kanban system was described step by step, starting from collecting and conducting data, to sizing the Kanban and finally developing the Kanban design. Meanwhile, how to apply the Kanban into manufacturing environment was added as well which is known as implementation plan consisting training plan, start up the Kanban and dealing with rising problems, and audit the Kanban.  The empirical part was in the same order as the theoretical part meaning that data was collected through face to face interview with Ravanin and then being conducted using theoretical guideline. The Kanban size was calculated based on not only conducted data but also author's working experiences so that it would match company's expectation and working manner. In developing the Kanban design, three different Kanban designs were selected due to its demand and distance between washing process and downstream processes. The last but not least section was to create implementation plan for the designed Kanban. The training plan was provided defining who to train, what to train and how. In addition, the rising problems when first starting the Kanban and its solutions were given as well to increase the benefits of Kanban. For managing and improving Kanban, audit process and approach were explained in the way that support the company in utilizing the Kanban's performance in scheduling production as well as managing inventory level. Keywords: Kanban, inventory management, Lean manufacturing, visual schedule, production planning.
Applies lean manufacturing principles across the cloud service delivery chain to enable application and infrastructure service providers to sustainably achieve the shortest lead time, best quality, and value. This book focuses on lean in the context of cloud computing capacity management of applications and the physical and virtual cloud resources that support them. Lean Computing for the Cloud considers business, architectural and operational aspects of efficiently delivering valuable services to end users via cloud-based applications hosted on shared cloud infrastructure. The work also focuses on overall optimization of the service delivery chain to enable both application service and infrastructure service providers to adopt leaner, demand driven operations to serve end users more efficiently.The book's early chapters analyze how capacity management morphs with cloud computing into interlocked physical infrastructure capacity management, virtual resource capacity management, and application capacity management problems. The middle chapters frame cloud capacity management as a lean thinking problem, lay out strategies for applying lean thinking best practices across the cloud service delivery chain, and apply key lean insights from other industries. Later chapters discuss lean reserve capacity, lean demand management, optimal power management, and quantitative performance metrics of lean capacity management, which can be used to methodically drive continuous improvement of lean cloud computing deployments. The final chapter summarizes the book's insights on lean strategies to minimize waste across the cloud computing service delivery chain. Applies lean thinking across the cloud service delivery chain to recognize and minimize waste.Leverages lessons learned from electric power industry operations to operations of cloud infrastructure. Applies insights from just-in-time inventory management to operation of cloud based applications. Explains how traditional, Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) and Enhanced Telecom Operation Map (eTOM) capacity management evolves to lean computing for the cloud This book is geared toward professionals with business, operational, architectural, development, and quality backgrounds in the information and communication technology industry.
Lean startups for social change : the revolutionary path to big impact
How to use lean start-up technique to test business ideas
Value stream mapping of a mobile network element software : feature development  cycle using Lean development concept
#Lean Six Sigma Tweet Book01: business process excellence for the millennium
Lean thinking in software development : impacts of Kanban on projects
A LEAN process approach for 4-stroke gas conversion projects
Value Stream Mapping of a mobile network element software - feature development
cycle using Lean development concept
Lean quality assurance and control model for software development
"The first of its kind--a Value Stream Mapping book written for those in service and office environments who need to streamline operationsValue Stream Mapping is a practical, how-to guide that helps decision-makers improve value stream efficiency in virtually any setting, including construction, energy, financial service, government, healthcare, R&D, retail, and technology. It gives you the tools to address a wider range of important VSM issues than any other such book, including the psychology of change, leadership, creating teams, building consensus, and charter development.Karen Martin is principal consultant for Karen Martin & Associates, LLC, instructor for the University of California, San Diego's Lean Enterprise program, and industry advisor to the University of San Diego's Industrial and Systems Engineering program. Mike Osterling provides support and leadership to manufacturing and non-manufacturing organizations on their Lean Transformation Journey. In a continuous improvement leadership role for six years, Mike played a key role in Square D Company's lean transformation in the 1990s"--
Lean for dummies
Developing the product return process of a service center with lean methods
Lean Project Management : Visual Management Tools
Total quality management and operational excellence : text with cases
Applying Lean-Principles for Electric Motors Production
Implementing Lean construction techniques for improving project value: an analytical approach for the Gulf construction industry
Lean practices applied in agile enterprise web application development project
Accelerating health care transformation with lean and innovation : the Virginia Mason experience
Agile Methods in large-scale software development organizations : applicability and model for adoption
Making materials flow : a lean material-handling guide for operations, production-control, and engineering professionals
FOCUS Framework : How to Find Product-Market Fit
Improving purchasing process through Lean management : case: Subcontracting special parts for manufacturing
Shortening the set-up-time in juice production process : the use of Lean methods
The Development of the Information Sharing Process by Lean Philosophy
"Chapter 1 Introduction to Lean Management "Our Organization is a Mirror of Our Management Beliefs. To achieve Lean Management, we must first understand what it means to be Lean by absorbing the Lean philosophy, concepts & tools, and then living these Lean beliefs daily. As Kaikaku (Transformation of Mind) emerges, so will the Lean Manager." Richard Charron In a Nutshell In a Lean Organization, Management has two functions; Maintenance/Control of existing processes, and Improvement of existing processes. Regardless of where you stand on the road to being Lean organization, many companies today operate within some form of risk management or cost containment philosophy that addresses the Maintenance /Control function of management. In this environment managers are faced with control of Asset Management; Resource Management; Risk Management, while concurrently being charged with improving organizational performance; Performance Management. Performance Management, the primary focus of a Lean Organization occurs through continuous improvement programs that focus on Education, Socio-technical (belief systems) development, and effective change management. This chapter presents the basics that encompass Lean Management and Leadership in these two critical areas; Maintenance/Control & Improvement. Company examples are used in this chapter to present and discuss the strengths and weaknesses of lean management thinking. The interactions between Asset, Risk, & Resource Management are constantly being weighted against Performance Management or Process Improvement. For example, a look at this organizational struggle between maintenance versus improvement can be evidenced from the in-depth studies in the food and farming industry in the UK"--
Lean organization : from the tools of the Toyota Production System to lean office
Real lean : the keys to sustaining lean management. volume three
The effects of lean transformation on performance measurement and capacity management : case Valmet
Food safety regulatory compliance : catalyst for a lean and sustainable food supply chain
Development of a new welding product quality control and management system model for China
"From the award-winning developers of Factory Physics--a leadership guide for breakthrough productivityIn the past, executive management of operations has typically involved a hodgepodge of copycat initiatives, mathematics, and software--and hoping for the best.Factory Physics for Managers provides a fundamental science in a practical framework that will immediately improve executives' and managers' intuition, provide a clearer view of their company and its operations, and enable them to lead their organizations much more effectively. The book explains the relationships between capacity, inventory, response time, and variability--and then shows how managers can use those relationships to design and execute strategic business plans.Jeffrey H. Bell is a managing partner of Arc Precision, a supplier of precision engineered components to the medical device industry, and he serves on the advisory board for Factory Physics Inc. Edward S. Pound is Chief Operations Officer at Factory Physics Inc. Mark L. Spearman is the founder, president, and CEO of Factory Physics Inc. and coauthor of Factory Physics"--
The lean startup : how today's entrepreneurs use continuous innovation to create radically successful businesses
Value engineering synergies with Lean Six Sigma : combining methodologies for enhanced results
The tipping point in the Finnish social media start-up companies
The Toyota way : 14 management principles from the world's greatest manufacturer
Presently, there is a need for development of new companies and growth of existing enterprises. Likewise, there is an academic interest in Lean start-up concept. Hence, this thesis investigates how potential entrepreneurs, small business owners and innovators can test and commercialise their business ideas and innovations using the Lean start-up technique. It tries to facilitate entrepreneurial motivation by encouraging these people. The main goals of the thesis are to present application of Lean start-up method in a real-life situation, awareness of the technique in Finland and how it can be applied by the entrepreneurs. In order to achieve the above-mentioned goals, research variables were identified from the Lean start-up theory and related previous studies. These variables are knowledge and theme, principles, stages, application and benefits of Lean start-up technique. These variables were examined using qualitative and quantitative research methods.Observation and interview were used for the qualitative research method while online survey was used as the quantitative method. Five small companies were observed for 3 to 5 months and five experienced entrepreneurs were interviewed. Similarly, 18 best Finnish start-ups (in 2014) and 56 students/recent graduates participated in the online survey. Furthermore, content analysis and descriptive statistical methods were used to analyse collected data. The research results showed that the technique was well known among experienced entrepreneurs. Engineering students and many participants would like to have more knowledge about it. Additionally, th ose who know the concept state that its theme centres on: (a) testing of ideas, new features and new product/services; (b) developing of acceptable products and services; (c) minimising cost and utilising resources, and (e) establishing sustainable businesses..The results revealed further that principles and stages of the technique depend on nature and type of offer, stage of start-up development and type of start-up team. It was also revealed that the technique was applied and it can be applied to any industry though it is more applicable to technological oriented industries. Lastly, it was mentioned by the research participants that cost reduction and better utilisation of resources are the main benefits of the technique. Experience entrepreneurs added that other business development model, like NPD model, focus group testing, core benefit testing and personal intuition, should be used in conjunction with the Lean start-up technique. The research results were summarised and a core knowledge was developed. The core knowledge was applied by the investigator and it was proved that the technique can be used to test business ideas. Hence, it was concluded the technique can be applied to test business ideas and commercialise innovation.Therefore, it seems that the technique is resourceful for the entrepreneurs, technologists, scientists and business students though there is a need for future studies with a large sample and for a long duration.
Potential of Kanban in the manufacturing processes of customized products
Lean six sigma for hospitals : simple steps to fast, affordable, and flawless healthcare
Agile Methods in large-scale software development organizations:applicability and model for adoption
Designing Kanban system and implementation plan for a laundry business
Running Lean: iterate from plan a to a plan that works
Lean sales and marketing
This is lean : resolving the efficiency paradox
The Psychology of lean improvements : why organizations must overcome resistance and change the culture
An operations management perspective on waste management
in a food processing factory
Product development for the lean enterprise : why Toyota's system is four times more productive and how you can implement it
Combining Lean thinking and Agile Software Development : how do software-intensive companies use them in practice?
The apprentice and the project manager : lessons for developing an agile mindset
Making sense of leadership : exploring the five key roles used by effective leaders
waste creating problems within the examined processes. The thesis also presents common CI practices that can be used to solve these problems. By examining the relationships between the waste types, the indicators and the CI practices, we can identify which practices are best for solving each type of waste. The thesis also identifies connections between CI practices and indicators to find the best practices for solving the problems described by the indicators. With these relationships identified, one can assess how the CI practices can help reducing waste and solve problems in development process.
Lean Six Sigma Method Applied for Increasing Transparency : Case: Company X Optimizing the Repairing Process in the Production Line
Tools for developers to manage their responsibilities introduced by agile software development
Creating work instructions for punching machine operators at Ojala Yhtymä
Lean for the process industries : dealing with complexity
Improving sheet metal utilization : case: Scanfil EMS
"Advice for entrepreneurs looking to build a business people actually want to invest inDesigned to reduce waste by testing the market for a product early and often, the concept of the lean startup has been embraced around the world, and successful entrepreneurs and authors Brant Cooper and Patrick Vlaskovits join the conversation with their own personal experiences. The Lean Entrepreneur is designed to make lean startup and customer development principles immediately actionable no matter what the industry, size, or stage.This must-read book presents a lexicon of concepts and a universally applicable road map to success, as well as illustrative examples of innovative approaches to industry-specific disruption ranging from technology startups to consumer packaged goods to music to investment and finance.Providing a step-by-step approach to best practices, and giving readers a business model analysis guide, the book is rich in cases studies, illustrative graphics, worksheets, and exercises for a truly immersive guide to starting or improving a company. Invaluable reading for all readers in all businesses, the book teaches entrepreneurs how to approach risk head-on and test market ideas immediately, foster stronger customer relations, test different business model risks, and create a customer funnel based on buyers' process in order to eliminate unnecessary time and effort.A lean entrepreneur has already bought into lean startup, customer development, design thinking, and other iterative, customer-centric methods of product development. The lean entrepreneur wants to know how to apply these to their business. In other words: how to get started tomorrow. This book shows the way.Expands on the core ideas of the "Lean Startup" concept, adding the use of powerful, low-cost analytics to the mix Explains how earlier, more frequent market research can save a business time and money Incorporates cases studies, graphics, worksheets, and exercises to help readers better understand the key concepts expounded in the text Packed with information that can help business at all levels of development--from initial ideas to established companies looking to innovate--The Lean Entrepreneur is the field guide for creating innovative businesses"--
"Lean Six Sigma for Hospitals explains how to use tested LSS methods and tools to achieve the goals of better, faster, and cheaper healthcare. These strategies follow the patient from the front door of the hospital or emergency room all the way through discharge, examining key aspects of patient flow and quality and also follow the trail of billing and collections to discover major leaks in cash flow. The book emphasizes both the clinical and operational sides, so the 'three demons of healthcare': delay, defects, and deviation, can be reduced"--Provided by publisher.
Improving the efficiency of work flow process with BIM and integrated lean project delivery (ILPD)
Process Development Using the Lean Six Sigma Methodology : Case: Oy AGA Ab, Linde Healthcare
Lean in the office : visual management
The lean entrepreneur : how visionaries create products, innovate with new ventures, and disrupt markets
Creating mixed model value streams : practical lean techniques for building to demand
The 12 pillars of project excellence : a lean approach to improving project results
Value stream analysis on SCR production
Lean : an ongoing journey
Advances in the human side of service engineering
Amelioration of project planning and its cash flow by implementing locatin-based management system : an approach of Lean construction
Business plan: : Lean consulting company in the software engineering industry
Progressive kaizen : the key to gaining a global competitive advantage
The goals of this thesis were to improve the product quality and optimizing production process of a modular cabin unit, specifically in a project for a Brazilian EEP shipyard where ALMACO Group delivers a living quarter with modular cabins to a drillship. ALMACO does not have its own production facilities and the method is to subcontract all work and material from different vendors from all over the world. This creates challenges in both quality control and production efficiency because the work force and products differ from one project to another. To improve the production process it was taken closer to lean compatible series production rather than batch production. The thesis includes theoretical speculation of the production development, quality and modularity. The key element of the process development was consulting ALMACO staff of the difficulties in cabin production in the past projects so the difficulties could be avoided in the EEP project and also in the future projects. The best solutions from different projects were found and they were combined together to ensure better quality and more efficient production. As a result of the thesis a cabin assembly manual was devised. The manual needed to be specific enough to ensure the quality of the product in the EEP project but it also needed to be easily convertible for future projects. Essential for the assembly manual was to create simple and specific 3D images that describe different work phases. The 3D models were created by using other TUAS students as subvendors and part of the thesis was managing the 3D design project.
Six Sigma+Lean toolset : mindset for successful implementation of improvement projects
Application of Lean management for ship's pool construction
We live in an age of unparalleled opportunity for innovation. We're building more products than ever before, but most of them fail--not because we can't complete what we set out to build, but because we waste time, money, and effort building the wrong product. What we need is a systematic process for quickly vetting product ideas and raising our odds of success. That's the promise of Running Lean. In this inspiring book, Ash Maurya takes you through an exacting strategy for achieving a "product/market fit" for your fledgling venture, based on his own experience in building a wide array of product.
The goal of this thesis is to study and find a way to apply Lean-thinking to ship's outdoor pool area construction. The thesis is done for KAEFER OY, who is responsible for turn-key-delivery of outdoor pool areas in TUI's Mein Schiff 5 cruise ship. The first part of the thesis consists of the idea in Lean thinking, its history and its terms. This part is dealt with in isolation with no connection to shipbuilding. This was decided for the reason that when Lean is studied without thinking about the actual target, may the way of thinking expand away from so called familiar work methods and new ideas can be developed. The second part is about current work methods in Meyer Turku shipyard. It states the current work methods and things that are part of successful results in present day. The third part of this thesis is about the results of this work. It goes through certain things in current work methods where Lean can be applied. With those applications the work can become more productive and meaningful.
Leading and managing the lean management process
Introduction to materials management
A transition framework for TIP Trailer Services : How can TIP Trailer Services improve its operational reporting efficiency in terms of time for data analysis by transitioning to a new Business Intelligence software for 30% by the end of 2016?
The Switch localization project and lean thinking philosophy
Competition in the Internet markets are tremendous, due to the fact that software development is cheaper than ever before due to Cloud environments, DevOps and vast scale of productive frameworks.    Companies are constantly seeking ways to enhance their design and development processes and practices to remain competitive in the market. Alma Mediapartners is no different, thesis will follow the project where today's buzzwords are taken in action to experiment new approaches to enhance company's existing software development processes.    In the ordinary project, the team participating will begin with business analysis; continue designing the solution and that then developing the solution. Web application development in Alma Mediapartners roughly consists of two phases from lifespan vice: software development project and after successful release, the small scale development. For each phase practices from Lean startup and Lean UX are tested to find what benefits these practices might bring to the business analysis and application design.    Thesis will follow how team members experienced with Agile approaches such as Scrum are able to adapt to new ideas relating to the practices and technologies used. Project team will construct from hybrid organization having members from Alma Mediapartners and foreign subcontractor. Past experience of the development team has been from building complete systems, which are well planned replacement investments. Now that the team must form the solution from entirely new setting, how will the team previously fully focused on completeness adapt to building solution iteratively based upon feedback received.    From technology point of view, the project will evaluate different technological choices which would support the Lean UX and startup principles the best. Not to forget environmental aspects how CD and DevOps will effect to the development work. Key words: lean ux, lean startup, continuous delivery, mean, mvp.
Implementation and analysis of a web shop in an international company
Lean daily management, visual management and continuous improvement
Lean Implementation in Co-operation with the Supplier : Case Wärtsilä (DCV, Power Tech)
Lean production for the small company
Lean transformation in an office environment : Lean tools and engagement techniques for office managers
The lean product playbook : how to innovate with minimum viable products and rapid customer feedback
How to introduce Lean Startup process into a medium-sized IT vendor, namely Futurice?
Efficient lead time reduction for a standard product line in purchasing process with Lean management : Company X
Agile teams have been struggling with the concept of continuous improvement since the first Agile frameworks were developed, and still very little has been written about the practice of continuous improvement in Agile environments. Although team retrospectives have been prescribed and some practices have been introduced in order to implement and facilitate them, the truth is that most Agile teams are conducting dull retrospectives that end with a list of things that have been done wrong, just to repeat the same list two weeks later at the next meeting. Instead of listing hundreds of Japanese-labeled tools, this book gives you practical insights into how to spot improvement opportunities, how to plan for improvement and how to engage everyone in your company in the Kaizen process. In addition, it will also provide you with 27 proven practices and 12 bonus activities to introduce into your retrospectives in order to keep them fresh, creative and exciting, so you can promise a team that, in a year's time, no two retrospectives will be alike. This book helps you as a manager, team leader, change agent or consultant in any type of organization to unleash the real power of Kaizen cultures - no matter what kind of organization, market, product, technology, vision, goal or size. It provides you with the background, tools and practical hints on how to engage your organization in a process of continuous quest for new and better ways of performing.
Lean IT partnering : how partners create value by developing a lean culture for it supply and management
Challenges of Lean Management : Investigating the challenges and developing a recommendation for implementing Lean management techniques
Staying lean : thriving, not just surviving
Lean auditing : driving added value and efficiency in internal audit
Agile Kaizen : managing continuous improvement far beyond retrospectives
How to Implement Lean Manufacturing
Lean production implementation and itschallenges
This book xplains in new and unique ways why sustainability has been so elusive and offers many surprising and even jarring new insights. It dissects conventional management thinking and practice which so strongly hinders managers' ability to become Lean leaders. Major obstacles are revealed, culminating in the identification of 14 key commitments that executives must make in order to sustain the Lean management system. Managers will find this book contains a wealth of practical new information and is amazingly insightful. -- Publisher details.
