http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24860 Sami culture
Sami culture
Sami : and introduction to the language and culture : with a Sami-English-Sami lexicon
The edition of the book "The Sami ornament" Anastasia Mozolevskaia and Ekaterina Mechkina was released by the Centre for Northern people in Murmansk, Northwest Russia, and will be launched under the Sami Culture Week 2016 in Tromso, Norway. The book is published in three languages: Kildin Sami, Russian and English. Participants will have a unique opportunity to become familiar with parts of the artistic collection, which originally belonged to the writer. This collection consists of traditional clothing with Kola Sami design, as Anastasia Mozolevskaia himself had created. Book launch organized as a collaboration between the Centre for Sami Studies and Tromsø Museum, University of Tromsø Norway's Arctic University. Dedicated to light memory of Sami artist and author Anastasia Mozolevskaia who away March 7, 2015.
Terveisiä Lapista as an exaple of intercultural dialogism
Revoicing Sámi narratives investigates the relationship between storytellers, contexts and collective tradition, based on an analysis of North Sámi narratives published in the early 1900s. This dissertation “revoices” narratives by highlighting the coexistence of different voices or socio-ideological languages in repertoires and by considering Sámi narratives as utterances by storytellers rather than autonomous products of tradition. Thus, this study serves as an act of “revoicing,” of recovering voices that had been silenced by the scientific discourse which enveloped their passage into print.Narrators considered “tradition bearers” were interviewed or wrote down folk narratives that were interpreted as representative of a static, dying culture. The approach chosen in this thesis highlights the dynamic and conscious choices of narrative strategies made by these storytellers and the implications of the discourses expressed in narration. By taking into account the intense context of social change going on in Sápmi at the time the narratives emerged, as well as the context that includes narrators, ethnographers and tradition, the analysis demonstrates that storytelling is an elaboration that takes place in negotiation with tradition, genres and individual preferences.The repertoires of four storytellers are studied according to a methodological framework consisting in critical discourse analysis from a folkloristic perspective. The analysis underscores the polyphony of the narratives by Johan Turi, who related with skillfulness of tradition by taking position as a conscious social actor. This study also investigates the repertoires of storytellers Ellen Utsi, Per Bær and Isak Eira who were interviewed by the Norwegian “lappologist” Just K. Qvigstad. Their contributions to his extensive collection of Sámi narratives express their relation to tradition and to the heteroglossia that surrounded them.
Recreation of the past : the art of Andreas Alariesto as a depiction of the North
Maarf leu'dd : photographs of Skolt Lapps
The Saami : a cultural encyclopaedia / edited by Ulla-Maija Kulonen, Irja Seurujärvi-Kari, Risto Pulkkinen
Cultural transformations in Sami history
With the Lapps in the High Mountains is an entrancing true account, a classic of travel literature, and a work that deserves wider recognition as an early contribution to ethnographic writing. Published in 1913 and available here in its first English translation, it is the narrative of Emilie Demant Hatt's nine-month stay in the tent of a Sami family in northern Sweden in 1907-8 and her participation in a dramatic reindeer migration over snow-packed mountains to Norway with another Sami community in 1908. A single woman in her thirties, Demant Hatt immersed herself in the Sami language and culture. She writes vividly of daily life, women's work, children's play, and the care of reindeer herds in Lapland a century ago. While still an art student in Copenhagen in 1904, Demant Hatt had taken a vacation trip to northern Sweden, where she chanced to meet Sami wolf hunter Johan Turi. His dream of writing a book about his people sparked her interest in the culture, and she began to study the Sami language at the University of Copenhagen. Though not formally trained as an ethnographer, she had an eye for detail. The journals, photographs, sketches, and paintings she made during her travels with the Sami enriched her eventual book, and in With the Lapps in the High Mountains she memorably portrays people, dogs, reindeer, and the beauty of the landscape above the Arctic Circle. This English-language edition also includes photographs by Demant Hatt, an introduction by translator Barbara Sjoholm, and a foreword by Hugh Beach, author of A Year in Lapland: Guest of the Reindeer Herders.
The absence of Sámi history and cultural heritage in children's education in Finland
Summary. - L'identité same sure scène : le théâtre same moderne dans un contexte multiculturel.
Actualizing Sámi rights : international comparative research.
Sámi cultural and intercultural conjunctions
The Sámi people : traditions in transition / Veli-Pekka Lehtola ; translated by Linna Weber Müller-Wille
The Saami traditional dress & beauty pageants : indigenous peoples' rights of ownership and self-determination over their cultures
No beginning no end : the Sami speak up
The Saami : a cultural encyclopaedia
It is the Sámi who own this land : sacred landscapes and oral histories of the Jokkmokk Sámi
The tent : a book of travels
Change and recollection : house structures and social identification in Finnmark, Arctic Norway 2400 BC-AD 300.
Sami have to create a system of self-government : change in the Constitution offers new foundations
Skolt Sami ethnicity and cultural revival
The Skolt Lapp community Suenjelsijd during the year 1938
Sámi Stories : art and identity of an Arctic people
Sami folkloristics
A network of missionaries and the establishment of knowledge : creating space
Saami cultural research in Sweden 1990 : a survey of projects
Sami culture in a new era : the Norwegian Sami experience
The language rights of the indigenous Saami in Finland : under domestic and international law
Sami on the stages and in the zoos of Europe
Readings in Saami history, culture and language. [1]
Sámi library service. Considerable interest abroad in Sámi culture: Sámi language literature - the number of titles is increasing
The Sami culture in Finland
Sámi images in modern times : photos and texts
There is no single volume that encompasses an integrated social and cultural history of the Sámi people from the Nordic countries and northwestern Russia. Neil Kent's book fills this lacuna. In the first instance, he considers how the Sámi homeland is defined: its geography, climate, and early contact with other peoples. He then moves on to its early chronicles and the onset of colonisation, which changed Sámi life profoundly over the last millennium. Thereafter, the nature of Sámi ethnicity is examined, in the context of the peoples among whom the Sámi increasingly lived, as well as the growing intrusions of the states who claimed sovereignty over them. The Soviet gulag, the Lapland War and increasing urbanisation all impacted upon Sámi life. Religion, too, played an important role from pre-historic times, with their pantheon of gods and sacred sites, to their Christianisation. In the late twentieth century there has been an increasing symbiosis of ancient Sámi spiritual practice with Christianity. Recently the intrusions of the logging and nuclear industries, as well as tourism have come to redefine Sámi society and culture. Even the meaning of who exactly is a Sámi is scrutinised, at a time when some intermarry and yet return to Sámi, where their children maintain their Sámi identity.
Readings in Saami history, culture and language. 2
Indigenous peoples, their rights and customary laws in the North : the case of the Sámi people
Eastern Sámi atlas
Linguistic and cultural diversity among the Saamis and the development of standard Saamish
The Sami peoples of the north : a social and cultural history
Sami tourism in Northern Sweden
Staging Sami identities : the roles of modern Sami theatre in a multicultural context - the case of Beaivváš Teáhter
Essays on indigenous identity and rights
The division of the Lapps into cultural areas
The Sami - indigenous people of northernmost Europe - have relied on traditional healing methods over generations. This pioneering volume documents, in accessible language, local healing traditions and demonstrates the effectiveness of using the resources local communities can provide. This collection of essays by ten experts also records how ancient healing traditions and modern health-care systems have worked together, and sometimes competed, to provide solutions for local problems. Idioms of Sami Health and Healing is one of the first English-language studies of the traditional healing methods among the Sami, and offers valuable insight and academic context to those in the fields of anthropology, medical anthropology, transcultural psychiatry, and circumpolar studies. Idioms of Sami Health and Healing is the second volume in the Patterns of northern traditional healing series. Contributors: Kjell Birkely Andersen, Anne Karen Haetta, Mona Anita Kiil, Britt Kramvig, Trine Kvitberg, Stein R. Mathisen, Barbara Helen Miller, Marit Myrvoll, Randi Inger Johanne Nymo, Sigvald Persen.
Idioms of Sámi health and healing
English abstract: Terveisiä Lapista as an exaple of intercultural dialogism.
The Lapps
Personhood and religious change among the Saami : reviewing historical texts
Siiddastallan : from Lapp communities to modern Sámi life
Musical creativity and the politics of utterance : issues of cultural ownership and sustainability in Amoc's Inari Sami rap
Finnish art depictions of the Sami people at the beginning of the 20th century
The year 2010 marked the one-hundredth anniversary of the first publication of Johan Turi's Muitalus samiid birra (An Account of the Sami), the first secular book ever published in Sami language. Turi's book is a classic of Sami literature and cultural history. It provides fascinating insights into Sami traditional practices, from reindeer husbandry to hunting and trapping, to childbirth, healing, courtship and song. Turi's Account provides a unique glimpse of turn-of-the-twentieth-century Sami life, and provides fascinating points of comparison with the writings of other indigenous authors from other parts of the world. -- The translation is the work of Thomas A. DuBois. Also included in the present edition are exemplars of Turi's artwork. Together they reveal Turi's claim not only to the title of "first author of the Sami" but also "first multi-media artist" and "first researcher."
Guide to the exhibition of Sámi culture
The transformation of a tourist destination : theory and case studies on the production of local geographies in tourism in Finnish Lapland
The Sámi people : traditions in transition
Children of the sun
The Sami : an indigenous people of the Arctic
Summary.
Hotel Polar Capital : accounts from the Sámi Art Festival 2008-2011 : including texts or artistic works
How do the Sami culture and school culture converge - or do they?
The political rationale for the colonization of the Sami homeland
The Sami : an arctic indigenous people
Representing cultural difference : reindeer herding as a signal of ethnic boundary in the exhibitions of two Sámi museums
An account of the Sámi : a translation of Muitalus sámiid birra, based on the Sámi original
With the Lapps in the high mountains : a woman among the Sami, 1907-1908
Máttut - máddagat : the roots of Saami ethnicities, societies and spaces, places
Readings in Saami history, culture and language. 3
Networks, diversity and mobility among the Northern Sámi in the 16th century
Revoicing Sámi narratives : North Sámi storytelling at the turn of the 20th century
