http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24862 critical thinking
critical thinking
A field guide to lies and statistics : a neuroscientist on how to make sense of a complex world
First person action research : living life as inquiry
Innovations in educational psychology : perspectives on learning, teaching, and human development
The reflective practitioner in professional education
Irving Howe : a life of passionate dissent
Critique in design and technology education
The thinker's guide to the art of Socratic qustioning
Design research on learning and thinking in educational settings : enhancing intellectual growth and functioning
Thought and knowledge : an introduction to critical thinking
Ethical behaviour in the e-classroom : what the online student needs to know
Handbook of critical psychology
Developing student criticality in higher education : undergraduate learning in the arts and social sciences
Critical thinking
Constructive controversy : theory, research, practice
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarising at university Is there a secret to successful study? The answer is 'yes'! There are some essential skills and smart strategies that will help you to improve your results at university. This easy-to-use guide helps to develop the essential academic skills of writing and thinking needed to cite and reference with confidence in your academic studies. Plagiarism and the most common methods of quoting, summarising and paraphrasing are explained and modelled throughout the book. HOW TO CITE, REFERENCE & AVOID PLAGIARISM AT UNIVERSITY provides tips, tools and techniques you will need to perform with excellence, including how to: * understand the importance of correct citation and referencing in academic writing * be aware of the facts about plagiarism and how it can be identified and avoided * search for and evaluate sources from the literature * introduce the work of others into your own text * understand and use the five most common citation and referencing styles. Visit www.smarterstudyskills.com to access a wealth of useful information, tips, templates and interactive activities that will support your skills development.
Ecofeminism and systems thinking
"This volume examines the role that culture plays in the acquisition of cognitive, linguistic, and social skills. Taking reflective thinking as a central analytical concept, the contributors investigate the role of personal reflection in a series of mental activities, including the creation of social relationships, the creation of a mental narrative to make sense of events, and metacognition. These three types of cognition are usually conceived of as separate research fields. Metarepresentation and Narrative in Educational Settings draws these discrete subfields into dialogue, exploring the connections and interplay among them. This approach yields insight into a range of topics, including language acquisition, cognitive processes, Theory of Mind, cross-cultural interaction, and social development. The volume also outlines the implications of these findings in terms of further research and possible social policy initiatives"--
Critical thinking skills : developing effective analysis and argument
Teaching students to think critically
Writing for nursing and midwifery students
The social workout book : strength-building exercises for the pre-professional
Understanding arguments : an Introduction to Informal logic
Understanding and interpreting educational research
We are bombarded with more information each day than our brains can process, especially in election season. It's raining bad data, half-truths, and even outright lies. Daniel J. Levitin shows how to recognize misleading announcements, statistics, graphs, and written reports and the ways lying weasels can use them.
Teaching critical thinking skills
Critical thinking, science, and pseudoscience : why we can't trust our brains
The logical accessory : to Critical thinking : evaluating claims and arguments in everyday life
A field guide to lies : critical thinking in the information age
Critical reasoning : a practical introduction
Critical thinking for psychology : a student guide
Genealogy as critique : Foucault and the problems of modernity
Politics of difference : epistemologies of peace
Eyes wide open : how to make smart decisions in a confusing world
Study skills for Master's level students : a reflective approach for health and social care
Social theory and education : a critique of theories of social and cultural reproduction
Educating critical professionals
Critical thinking, clinical reasoning, and clinical judgment : a practical approach
Disruptive tourism and its untidy guests : alternative ontologies for future hospitalities
Technology, culture, and public policy : critical lessons from Finland
Critical thinking in psychology
Writing analytically
Creativity and critical thinking
Critical thinking : an introduction
School trouble : identity, power and politics in education
Celebrity humanitarianism : the ideology of global charity
Adaptive decision making and intellectual styles
In praise of the cognitive emotions and other essays in the philosophy of education
Learning and teaching sustainable development in global-local contexts
Critical thinking : a concise guide
Experiencing Dewey : insights for today's classroom
Critical thinking skills for education students
How dogmatic beliefs harm creativity and higher-level thinking
Outlines recommendations for critical thinking practices that meet the challenges of the digital age's misinformation, demonstrating the role of science in information literacy while explaining the importance of skeptical reasoning in making decisions based on online information.
Inquiry-guided learning : new directions for teaching and learning
Think your way to success : how to develop a winning mindset and achieve amazing results
Combining the visionary and the everyday. An intellectual portrait of Henri Broms
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
Using concept mapping in professional education
Getting critical
Why I am not a Muslim
Critical thinking and professional judgement for social work
"Disruptive Tourism and its Untidy Guests" envisions alternative arrangements of social life by welcoming 'the untidy guest' to discourses, theories and philosophies of tourism. Written by an author collective with backgrounds in philosophy, sociology, tourism, hospitality and development studies, the book transfers the focus of tourism theories away from managing sustainability and toward alternative -- disruptive -- ontologies and epistemologies for future tourist hospitalities and mobilities. The co-authors 'mess around' with tourism studies by invoking the radical potentialities of 'untidiness'. Tourism and the host-guest relations it entails are explored by means of deliberately untidy concepts: camping, parasites, silence, unlearning and serendipities. Instead of trying to manage or tidy up tourist situations and encounters, Disruptive Tourism and its Untidy Guests embraces the messiness of human relations and argues for more creative, embodied and ethical ontologies of tourism, hospitality and mobility.
The art of thinking clearly
Academic writing step by step : a research-based approach
Literary criticism and theory : from Plato to postcolonialism
A mathematician reads the newspaper
Looking beyond the obvious : theoretical, empirical and methodological insights into critical thinking
The power of critical thinking : effective reasoning about ordinary and extraordinary claims
Engaging ideas : the professor's guide to integrating writing, critical thinking, and active learning in the classroom
Critical Thinking: From Theory to Teaching
"Engaging Ideas, Second Edition is a practical nuts-and-bolts guide for teachers from any discipline who want to design interest-provoking writing and critical thinking activities and incorporate them into their courses in a way that encourages inquiry, exploration, discussion, and debate. Integrating critical thinking with writing-across-the-curriculum approaches, the book shows how teachers from any discipline can incorporate these activities into their courses in a way that encourages inquiry, exploration, discussion, and debate. This edition features new material dealing with genre and discourse community theory, quantitative/scientific literacy, blended and online learning, and other current issues"--
History of development thought : a critical anthology
Collaborative knowledge construction in the context of problem-based learning : exploring learning from conflicting ideas and knowledge
Critical thinking for sports students
Reflective thinking in educational settings : a cultural framework
You've got to be kidding! : how jokes can help you think
A guide to sociological thinking
"The key question this book addresses is how to identify and create optimal conditions for the kind of learning and development that is especially important for effectively functioning in the 21st century. Taking a new approach to this long-debated issue, it looks at how a design research-based science of learning (with its practical models and related design research) can provide insights and integrated models of how human beings actually function and grow in the social dynamics of educational settings with all their affordances and constraints. More specifically: How can specific domains or subject matters be taught for broad intellectual development? How can technology be integrated in enhancing human functioning? How can the social organization of classroom learning be optimized to create social norms for promoting deep intellectual engagement and personal growth? Part I is concerned with broad conceptual and technical issues regarding cultivating intellectual potential, with a focus on how design research might fill in an important a niche in addressing these issues. Part II presents specific design work in terms of design principles, models, and prototypes"-- Provided by publisher.
Believing bullshit : how not to get sucked into an intellectual black hole
Critical thinking, reading, and writing : a brief guide to argument
Problem-solving and decision making
Creating critical gameplay : designing affective player experiences
Social cartographies of internationalization of higher education in Canada:a study of exceptionalist tendencies and articulations
This accessible and introductory guide to critical thinking will help you think like a scientist, learn to question everything, and understand how your own brain can trip you up. This fresh and exciting approach to science, skepticism, and critical thinking will enlighten and inspire readers of all ages. With a mix of wit and wisdom, it challenges everyone to think like a scientist, embrace the skeptical life, and improve their critical thinking skills
"Critical thinking is taught at all universities, often put forward by lecturers as the key skill that can most dramatically improve a student's understanding of a course and transform their writing. It pervades research methods teaching, critical psychology, and a range of other core curriculum elements, in exactly the same way that critical thinking pervades any discipline, and indeed, life generally. But what is it, exactly, and how can we apply it specifically to the field of psychology? In his relaxed and accessible style, Mark Forshaw takes modern real-world examples from psychology and everyday life to lighten the learning of critical thinking, explaining what it entails, why it is important, and how it can be applied to this fascinating field of study"--
Critical humanisms : humanist/anti-humanist dialogues
"Why do people make decisions based on their own perspective without considering alternative points of view? Do differences of opinion enhance or obstruct critical thinking? Is it wise to seek out people who disagree with you and listen to their objections to your conclusions? Focusing on the theory, research, and application of constructive controversy, this book analyses the nature of disagreement among members of decision-making groups, project teams, academic study groups, and other groups that are involved in solving problems. Johnson demonstrates that this theory is one of the most effective methods of enhancing creativity and innovation, decision making, teaching, and political discourse. The book includes entertaining and intriguing examples of how constructive controversy has been used in a variety of historical periods to advance creativity, achieve innovations, and guide democracies. It will be welcomed by students in the fields of social psychology, management/business studies, education, and communication studies"--
Critical thinking for students : learn the skills of critical assessment and effective argument
Critical condition : replacing critical thinking with creativity
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarism at university
Critical thinking in scholarship : meanings, conditions and development
Introduction to critical theory : Horkheimer to Habermas
A practical guide to critical thinking : deciding what to do and believe
50 great myths of popular psychology : shattering widespread misconceptions about human behavior
Exploring Finnish university students' perceived level of critical thinking
Critical thinking skills for dummies
Critical learning for social work students
Critical thinking in consumer behavior : cases and experiential exercises
Argumentation course by electronic mail
Think : why you should question everything
We are bombarded with more information each day than our brains can process, especially in election season. It's raining bad data, half-truths, and even outright lies. Daniel J. Levitin shows how to recognize misleading announcements, statistics, graphs, and written reports revealing the ways lying weasels can use them. This book outlines recommendations for critical thinking practices that meet the challenges of the digital age's misinformation, demonstrating the role of science in information literacy while explaining the importance of skeptical reasoning in making decisions based on online information.
Using Internet primary sources to teach critical thinking skills in the sciences
Teaching for critical thinking : tools and techniques to help students question their assumptions
Quality generalists and their roles in education for sustainability
""NO! NO! NO! NO!" yelled one artist to another as he viewed what the other had painted during the day. "You do not understand! This is not what we are trying to do!" "It is you who do not understand!" the other replied. "This is what we talked about this morning!" "This is exactly what we are trying to achieve!" Such heated discussions were common between two of the greatest painters of the early 20th Century. They had an intense creative collaboration filled with conflict. They dressed alike, in mechanics' clothes, and jokingly compared themselves to the Wright brothers (Orville and Wilbur). From about 1908 to 1912, they saw each other almost every day, talked constantly about the revolutionary new style they were developing, and painted as similarly as possible. Many of their respective works from those years were indistinguishable. In many cases, only art experts could or can distinguish between a painting by one or the other. They were deeply committed to their goal of creating a new style. Usually, they would meet for breakfast to discuss what they planned to paint during the d"--
A good book, in theory : making sense through inquiry
Asking the right questions : a guide to critical thinking
Redefining smart : awakening students' power to reimagine their world
