http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24842 therapeutic writing
therapeutic writing
Therapeutic dimensions of autobiography in creative writing
This work aims to bring together theory and practice from psychoanalysis, literary and cultural studies and the growing field of creative writing studies. The book also seeks to highlight the importance of autobriography as an opening into fiction writing but as a powerful therapeutic tool. The author discusses how autobiographical fiction can be used in therapeutic work by art therapists, psychotherapists and creative writing tutors, as well as in personal development by writers of any kind. She draws up guidelines for a successful course on autobiography and creative writing and presents case studies and practical ideas for writing about the self. In addition, the book explores how writing autobiographical fiction can help people to explore significant events and relationships in their lives.
Depression and expression in blog diaries
Writing as a way of healing : how telling our stories transforms our lives
The use of creative writing as a route to personal or professional development is a powerful therapeutic tool, yet often the most difficult part is knowing how and where to begin. The experiences of others, and the strategies and approaches they have used in their own writing, can provide tried-and-tested models for practice, and 'ways in' that facilitators might wish to recommend to others. Writing Routes is an essential roadmap for anybody setting out on the journey of self-discovery through words. This diverse collection of short pieces introduce and demonstrate many different ways of getting into and thinking about creative writing for personal or professional development. Seventy contributors from a variety of different backgrounds and circumstances explain how they came to write a particular piece and why, how they found ways of transforming their experience into writing, and how it was beneficial to them. Their writing ranges widely, from journal entries and stream of consciousness to autobiography, poetry, fiction and drama, and the pieces are organised by theme and genre for ease of navigation, designed to be 'dipped into' as and when they are needed.
Writing routes : a resource handbook of therapeutic writing
Therapeutic uses of storytelling : an interdisciplinary approach to narration as therapy
"The Good Story" is an exchange between a writer with a long-standing interest in moral psychology and a psychotherapist with a training in literary studies. Arabella Kurtz and J.M. Coetzee consider psychotherapy and its wider social context from different perspectives, but at the heart of both their approaches is a concern with stories. Working alone, the writer is in sole charge of the story he or she tells. The therapist, on the other hand, collaborates with the patient in telling the story of their life. What kind of truth do the stories created by patient and therapist aim to uncover: objective truth or the shifting and subjective truth of memories explored and re-experienced in the safety of the therapeutic relationship? The authors discuss both individual psychology and the psychology of the group: the school classroom, the gang, the settler nation where the brutal deeds of the ancestors have to be accommodated into a national story. Drawing on great writers like Cervantes and Dostoevsky and on psychoanalysts like Freud and Melanie Klein, they offer illuminating insights into the stories we tell of our lives.
Poetry therapy : theory and practice
The good story : exchanges on truth, fiction and psychotherapy
The healing art of writing
From solidarity to schisms : 9/11 and after in fiction and film from outside the US
Friday forever : memoirs of madness
The power of communal writing : the possibilities of poetry therapy in the rehabilitation of schizophrenia
"Poetry therapy has been widely recognized as a valuable form of treatment for over thirty years, and has been proven effective worldwide with many diverse clients. Written by a pioneer and a consistent leader in the field, 'Poetry Therapy: Theory and Practice' presents a unified model for the effective practice of poetry therapy. Based on his wealth of clinical and theoretical knowledge, Dr Nicholas Mazza outlines a tripartite system composed of receptive, expressive, and symbolic modes of practice. Now available in a paperback edition, this text serves as a primary resource for any serious practitioner interested in poetry therapy, bibliotherapy, writing and healing, or the broader area of creative/expressive arts therapies." -- (Back Cover)
The power of death : contemporary reflections on death in western society
Constructing personal historical agency, making sense of the past?
Mandala symbolism and techniques : innovative approaches for professionals
