http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24819 righteousness
righteousness
One of the most divisive issues in Western Christianity since the Reformation is the question of how humans are justified by God. In 1999, after many decades of ecumenical dialogue, Lutherans and Roman Catholics have declared that this issue of justification by faith is no longer a cause of division between them. One of the fascinating features of this Joint Declaration on the Doctrine of Justification (JDDJ) is that it expresses a differentiated consensus on justification. The method of differentiated consensus is generally regarded as an important methodological step forward in the ecumenica.
Justification : what's at stake in the current debates
Doctrine, dynamic and difference
God, grace, and righteousness in wisdom of Solomon and Paul's letter to the Romans : texts in conversation
Paul and the new perspective : second thoughts on the origin of Paul's Gospel
Mark Husbands and Daniel J. Treier bring together notable evangelical scholars and teachers to address from biblical, historical, theological and ecumenical perspectives key questions that prevent complete unity between Roman Catholic and Protestant branches of the church and raise tensions even among Protestant denominations. Witnessing to certain signs of hope, these essays also acknowledge points of caution. But for every reader who is looking for guidance and orientation to this doctrine and current discussion, this book provides a wealth of charitable yet incisive insight. Key questions addressed include: does the doctrine of imputation of Christ's righteousness need to be rethought, or does it faithfully reflect biblical teaching; how should the faith and transformation of the believer be understood in connection with our justification; what is the connection between our union with Christ and justification; what can we learn from Lutheran, Wesleyan and Anglican perspectives on justification; what does the Lutheran-Catholic Joint Declaration of 1999 contribute to current ecumenical discussions, and what prospects are there for real theological and ecclesiological reconciliation?
Justification and the gospel : understanding the contexts and controversies
A time of sifting : mystical marriage and the crisis of Moravian piety in the eighteenth century
"Seeking to move beyond current heated debates on justification, this accessible introduction offers a fresh, alternative approach to a central theological topic. Michael Allen locates justification within the wider context of the gospel, allowing for more thoughtful engagement with the Bible, historical theology, and the life of the church. Allen considers some of the liveliest recent debates as well as some overlooked connections within the wider orbit of Christian theology. He provides a historically informed, ecumenically minded defense of orthodox theology, analyzing what must be maintained and what should be reconfigured from the vantage point of systematic theology. The book exemplifies the practice of theological interpretation of Scripture and demonstrates justification's relevance for ongoing issues of faith and practice" -- Publisher description.
The righteousness of God : Luther studies
"Examines the eighteenth-century crisis in the Moravian Church known as the Sifting Time, and the church's subsequent shift from radical beliefs and practices to conservative mainstream Protestantism"--Provided by publisher.
In God, Grace, and Righteousness in Wisdom of Solomon and Paul's Letter to the Romans, Jonathan A. Linebaugh places the Wisdom of Solomon and the Letter to the Romans in conversation. Both texts discuss the relationship of Jew and Gentile, the meaning of God's grace and righteousness, and offer readings of Israel's scripture. These shared themes provide talking-points, initiating a dialogue on anthropology, soteriology, and hermeneutics. By listening in on this conversation, Linebaugh demonstrates that while these texts have much in common, the theologies they articulate are ultimately incommensurable because they think from different events - Wisdom from the pre-creational order crafted by Sophia and exemplified in the Exodus; Paul from the incongruous gift of Christ which justifies the ungodly.
