http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24827 human beings
human beings
"Would I run the pub if I won the Lottery? No." : a study on how ordinary people are constructed and described in British supplement magazines
Sindbis virus infection in resident birds, migratory birds, and humans, Finland
Social psychology of persuasion applied to human-agent interaction
Assessing The User Experience - Case Massidea.org
Reconstructing human origins : a modern synthesis
Uprooted
The Athenian citizen
Please God, find me a husband
This Routledge Revival reissues Oliver Letwin's philosophical treatise: "Ethics, Emotion and the Unity of the Self", first published in 1987, which concerns the applicability of the artistic classifications of romanticism and classicism to philosophical doctrine.
The eternity key
The Darwin elevator
"Exploring the facts behind the myths, this book reframes the debate about the reality of the space visitors in view of the unprecedented changes engulfing the world today. After the early contactees had been ruthlessly debunked by an organized disinformation campaign, a new context was carefully constructed by clandestine government agencies in collusion with the media, with only one purpose: to ridicule or instil fear of the extraterrestrial presence. And while the experiences and messages of the original contactees are now largely being ignored amid the frenzy of fear-based speculation that has resulted from decades of cover-ups and subsequent conspiracy theories, the author shows that they are in fact more relevant today than ever before by bringing together the spiritual and the practical strands of Ufology. From historical records, documentary evidence and testimonies of early and contemporary contactees against the background of the Ageless Wisdom teaching, this book uncovers the patient and sustained efforts of the space people to interact with people of Earth. In the process it reveals the true motive for their presence - to help humanity through this historical time of transition by sharing their wisdom and technology. According to the author, the message from space can be summarized as: Life is One, so live as one...or perish."--Publisher's description.
Queen of nowhere
The complete world of human evolution
Comparison of forest stand characteristics and species diversity indices under different human impacts along an altitudinal gradient
Change in Human Technology's Publisher : continued focus on open access human-technology research
The conceptual levels and theory languages of interaction design
Phenomenology of the human person
Robogenesis : a novel
The string diaries
The fall of the governor. Part two
Body Area Network  Standardization, Analysis and Application
Crowdsourcing
Ishmael : an adventure of the mind and spirit : a novel
Victory of eagles : a novel of Temeraire
When nine-year-old Tiger Days stays with her grandmother at Willowgate House she never knows what might happen... new friends to meet, animals to rescue and problems to solve! Tiger returns to Willowgate and discovers someone, or something, has been digging up plants, burying eggs and even taking socks from the washing line! And a mysterious tunnel has appeared under the shed... Tiger and her friend Tom turn detective determined to solve the mystery. At Willowgate House, no day is ever dull for Tiger!
Human adaptive mechatronics methods for mobile working machines
Sputnik's guide to life on Earth
Prehistoric monsters!
The tree
Terminator : salvation : PC DVD-ROM
A Guide on How to Create a Credible Tourism Website
Yield and quality of vegetables fertilized with human urine and wood ash
Human resource management : A contemporary perspective
More cunning than man : a social history of rats and men
Apperceiving visual elements in human-technology interaction design
Dog medicine : how my dog saved me from myself
Evolving technologies for a variety of human practices
Capturing user experiences of mobile information technology with the repertory grid technique
The road to Woodbury
The wicked + the divine. 1
"This book develops new models and methodologies for describing user behavior, analyzing their needs and expectations and thus successfully designing user friendly systems"--Provided by publisher.
A finder's magic
Dietary effects on human fecal microbiota
Spermidine/spermine N1-acetyltransferase in mouse hematopoiesis and bone remodeling and in human leukemias
Magic breaks
Terminator : salvation
Caged warrior
Book of cities
The colours of the rainbow
Anatomy essentials for dummies
Steelheart
The peculiar
The fall of the governor. Part one
The colony
Mental models, magical thinking, and individual differences
From cute to content : user experience from a cognitive semiotic perspective
Usability engineering
The walking dead. The complete third season
How to create a mind : the secret of human thought revealed
A combination of strategy, tactics, and absolute mindless violence, Blood Bowl is the classic game of fantasy football. 2 players act as coaches, selecting their teams from rosters of Human and Orcs and taking to the playing field to earn fame, fortune and the adulation of fans along the way!
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
The shadow prince
The stories of Ibis
Blood Bowl : the game of fantasy football
Between man and man
Zombies : a record of the year of infection
Human factors and ergonomics in consumer product design : methods and techniques
Conservation psychology : understanding and promoting human care for nature
Microinnovations in human-technology interaction
Human conceptualisation processes as a perspective on the design and evaluation of user-interfaces
From technology to the human user
The singularity is near : when humans transcend biology
One night ultimate werewolf
Big history : our incredible journey, from big bang to now
The terminator. Enemy of my enemy
Good manners for nice people who sometimes say f*ck
Comparative anatomy and histology : a mouse and human atlas
The walking dead compendium. 3
Human communication : language and its psychobiological bases
Creativity in amateur multimedia : popular culture, critical theory, and HCI
Tiger Days and the the midnight foxes
Motivating people : How to be better at
The sirens of Titan
Ultimate werewolf
World's end
Aspects of values in human-technology interaction design : a content-based view to values
Beginning January 1, 2017, the role of publisher of the journal Human Technology will be moved from the Agora Center to the Open Science Center at the University of Jyvaskyla because of internal university restructuring. Day-to-day operations and ongoing open access will continue for Human Technology's without interruption.
Long-term benzodiazepine use and the aged : time to change clinical practice
Intuitions in human-technology interaction design
I found a dead bird : a guide to the cycle of life and death
Practice-based perspective on technology acceptance : analyzing bioactive point of care testing
The hero's tomb
Planet earth
User interface design for electronic appliances
My first book of sounds
The plague forge
Dominion. Season one
Dear life : stories
The plague dogs
The gap : the science of what separates us from other animals
Practical radiological anatomy
In interaction design and related disciplines, the focus of research tends toward technological objects rather than the movements relating to interacting with the objects. Even when movements are considered, the emphasis is placed on their instrumental value, that is, how movements have direct effect on the functions of technology. However, the emphasis of this thematic issue of Human Technology rests upon the design and use of technological objects. In other words, we, as editors of this special issue, were looking for submissions that emphasized intentional human movement in the physical and social lifeworld in which humans encounter technological and virtual artifacts..
Agnieszka loves her valley home, her quiet village, the forests and the bright shining river. But the corrupted Wood stands on the border, full of malevolent power, and its shadow lies over her life. Her people rely on the cold, driven wizard known only as the Dragon to keep its powers at bay. But he demands a terrible price for his help: one young woman handed over to serve him for ten years, a fate almost as terrible as falling to the Wood. The next choosing is fast approaching, and Agnieszka is afraid. She knows--everyone knows--that the Dragon will take Kasia: beautiful, graceful, brave Kasia, all the things Agnieszka isn't, and her dearest friend in the world. And there is no way to save her. But Agnieszka fears the wrong things. For when the Dragon comes, it is not Kasia he will choose-
The leviathan effect
The sight
The daylight war
Creating and evaluating embodied interactive experiences : case studies of full-body, sonic and tactile enaction
The right concepts for the right problems
What if... humans were like animals?
Succubus nights
Meie inimesed = Our people : estonian stories
We are here
Human-technology choreographies : body, movement, and space
Building a foundation for smart energy management system
Tracer
The elephant's tale
Dominion. Season two
We are called to rise
Sapiens : a brief history of humankind
Lost on Mars
Body Area Network, Standardization, Analysis and Application
Various disturbances and ecological successional processes shape the structure of forests and affect biodiversity. We examined the forests over a 7400 km2 area in the Upper Min River watershed in Sichuan under different levels of human disturbance. This mountainous watershed represents a transitional landscape between the Qinghai-Tibet plateau and the Sichuan basin, with elevations ranging from 900 m to 5700 m. The watershed is degraded due to deforestation and soil degradation caused by natural and anthropogenic disturbances. According to different levels of human impact, the sample sites were divided into four classes: 1) near-natural forests, 2) selectively logged forests, 3) natural regeneration forests (after clear-cut), and 4) plantations. At different elevations, following quantitative characteristics were analysed: stand volume, basal area, weighted diameter, weighted height, and 7 biodiversity indices of tree species. The results showed that the structure of forest stands was characterized by a large number of seedlings and saplings. The near-natural forest had a significantly higher stand volume and basal area than the other managed stands. The four levels of human impact resulted in different abundance, evenness and richness of tree species along the altitudinal gradient. Explanatory variables, such as volume and weighted diameter, significantly contributed to the models for discrimination of stands under different human impacts. The result implies that near-natural forests, with their large stand volumes and biodiversity, can be used as references when developing strategies for forest restoration.
The paleo manifesto : ancient wisdom for lifelong health
Ethics, emotion and the unity of the self
Captain Will Laurence and his noble dragon Temeraire battle against Bonaparte's invading forces.  When China discovers that their rare gift, meant for Napoleon, is now in the hands of the British forces, they demand the return of the dragon
Chancey
The secret history of Moscow
Traps and specters
Seven black diamonds
Peter V. Brett writes in the grand tradition of George R.R. Martin, Terry Brooks, David Eddings, and Robert Jordan. This novel continues his critically acclaimed 'Demon Cycle', which last left off in 'The Daylight War'.
Navigating early
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
User-centered development of video telephony for servicing mainly older users : review and evaluation of an approach applied for 10 years
Humans of New York : stories
The whatnot
Nature and nurture : the problem of the future : a presidential address : with two plates of pedigree
Written in the blood
Human aspects of software engineering
Empire of ivory
Half brother
His Majesty's dragon
The secret of the blue glass
Rosie and the secret friend
Component screening for novel xeno-free medium for human embryonic stem cells
Human-computer interaction in mobile context : a cognitive resources perspective
The elephant keeper
Player One : what is to become of us : a novel in five hours
Cognition is not what it used to be : reconsidering usability from an embodied embedded cognition perspective
Debating procreation : is it wrong to reproduce?
The edge of extinction : travels with enduring people in vanishing lands
Illustrator's figure reference manual
The poison eaters and other stories
The year of the hare
The penguin lessons
The Goblins Gift
Electrophysiological correlates of memory-based visual change detection in humans
The end of cognition?
China : an introduction to the culture and people
Homo deus : a brief history of tomorrow
Cognition in HCI : an ongoing story
Puppy love : construction of dogs and love in lifestyle magazines
Meie inimesed = Our people : Estonian stories
Here to help : UFOs and the Space Brothers
Cross-disciplinary advances in human computer interaction : user modeling, social computing, and adaptive interfaces
The new watch
The system
Mind warp
Visions of the future : chemistry and life science
The fertilization value of human excreta for cabbage and potato growth
Environmental challenges in the joint border area of Norway, Finland and Russia
The exodus towers
Zoo : the graphic novel
The power of positive horse training : saying yes to your horse
The skull throne
Face analysis techniques for human-computer interaction
Visual search in graphical interfaces : a user psychological approach
Adventure time. The flip side
Missing person
The humans
The emissary
A short history of nearly everything
Warcraft : the beginning
Tragedy has struck His Majesty's Aerial Corps, as an epidemic of unknown origin and no known cure is decimating the dragons' ranks. Only Temeraire and a pack of newly recruited dragons remain uninfected and must stand as the only means of airborne defense against France's ever bolder sorties. As Bonaparte's dragons harrow Britain's ships, Temeraire and his captain, Will Laurence, take wing to Africa in search of a cure for the deadly contagion
Walking with sausage dogs
The cabaret of plants : botany and the imagination
The mammoth academy in trouble
Of things gone astray
Altered carbon
Throne of jade
King just wants what anybody wants: not to get fired, eaten, or forced to mate with a cheetah lady. For Earth’s sole human survivor after the apocalypse, life among Los Angeles’s strange new populace ain’t easy. Working for the LA Department of Reclamation, King gets a lot of crappy jobs going on quests and searching for artifacts from the “old world,”. The commute can be a real pain in the asphalt, too; the 405 freeway is filled with mutants, monsters, mayhem, and tentacled Elder Gods. And that’s all before you hit the horrors of the San Fernando Valley. As the world’s freakish inhabitants battle for supremacy, King searches for the “seed of life,” which may give Earth the second chance it probably doesn’t even deserve
Designs, systems, scapegoates, and business cultures
Please God, find me a husband!
The demon's watch
Untitled: emerging cultural forms in the digital age
About face 3 : the essentials of interaction design
Health in Southern Finland : bioarchaeological analysis of 555 skeletons excavated from nine cemeteries (11th-19th century AD)
Muscle mechanics during human movement revealed by in vivo measurements of tendon force and muscle length
Development of the elderly population in Helsinki
The walking dead. The complete first season
