http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24871 stepsisters
stepsisters
The stepsisters' story
Summer's dream
Four children and it
Fifteen-year-old Anna runs away to Los Angeles where her half-sister takes her in, but after spending days on television and movie sets, she learns LA is not the glamorous escape she imagined.
As plague ravages the overcrowded Earth, observed by a ruthless lunar people, Cinder, a gifted mechanic and cyborg, becomes involved with handsome Prince Kai and must uncover secrets about her past in order to protect the world in this futuristic take on the Cinderella story.
Look at me
McLeod's daughters. The complete season 3, Episode 45-74
More people to love me
Lost innocence
After Auschwitz : a story of heartbreak and survival by the stepsister of Anne Frank
Charm
Little darlings : two very different girls - one extraordinary friendship
Snarling of wolves
Son of a witch : a novel
The suitcase kid
The Hundred secret senses
Four children and It
Sharp objects
Fortune cookie
Summer's Dream
House of Angels
Cherry crush
McLeod's daughters. The complete season 1, Episode 1-22
The year of the rat
Lizzy lives with her father, Julian, and her brother, Ig, in North London. Two years ago her mother died, leaving in her trail a family bereft by her absence and a house still filled with her things: for Margaret was lively, beautiful, fun, loving; she kept the family together. So Lizzy thinks. Then, one day, Lizzy finds a letter from a stranger to her father, and discovers he has another child. Lizzy invites her into their world in an act of outraged defiance. Almost immediately, she realises her mistake. LOOK AT ME is a deft exploration of family, grief, and the delicate balance between moving forward and not quite being able to leave someone behind. It is an acute portrayal of how familial upheaval can cause misunderstanding and madness, damaging those you love most.
Confessions of an ugly stepsister
McLeod's daughters. The complete season 2, Episode 23-44
American girls
Sharp objects : a novel
Little darlings : two very different girls - one extraordinary friendship!
A step in the dark
Marshmallow Skye
