http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24812 Cartoon Attribution Strategy Test
Cartoon Attribution Strategy Test
The reception of classical art in Britain : an Oxford story of plaster casts from the antique
Modern pearlitic malleable castings handbook
Cast manual for adults and children
American antique weather vanes : the complete illustrated Westervelt catalog of 1883
Exploring the links between international business and poverty reduction : a case study of Unilever in Indonesia
Treatment of low-energy tibial shaft fractures : plaster cast versus reamed intramedullary nailing
New historicism and the prose of Joy Kogawa's Obasun and Leena Lander's Cast a long shadow
Fractures of the distal forearm : a clinical study with special reference to external fixation
Case studies in reliability and maintenance
The fledgling handbook
Advanced mouldmaking and casting
Forearm shaft fractures in children
From sex/gender to the body
The scope and potential of mouldmaking and casting is fascinating. Its opportunities have been developed and expanded further by a range of new methods and materials only recently made available to the domestic market. This book provides a guide to more advanced techniques in mouldmaking and casting.
In A.D. 79, Mt. Vesuvius erupted in two stages. While the first stage was incredibly destructive, it was the second stage, a so-called pyroclastic flow, that inundated the town with a combination of superheated gases, pumice, and rocks, killing tens of thousands of people and animals and burying them in ash and mud. During excavations of the town in 1863, Giuseppe Fiorelli, the director of the dig, poured plaster of paris into a cavity under the soil revealed by a workman's pick. When the plaster set and the mound was uncovered, all were amazed to see the secret that the ground had held for 1,800 years: a detailed cast of an ancient Pompeian such as no one had seen before, frozen in the instant of dying and complete in every respect, including outlines of the clothes he was wearing at the time of the destruction. The bodies, photographed and exhibited in the specially built Pompeii Museum, completely changed the world's ideas of life in ancient Italy. Pompeii's Living Statues is a narrative account, supported by contemporary documents, of the remarkable discovery of those ancient victims preserved in the volcanic mud of Vesuvius. Eugene Dwyer examines these casts and related records, the originals of a number of which (along with their museum) were lost in WWII bombing. As he considers the casts as archaeological and cultural pieces, he also discusses Pompeii and its artefacts in the context of Italian unification and party politics, the development of modern excavation methods, and the challenges of maintaining a very large archaeological site. Dwyer's clear organization and writing style, combined with a collection of photographs and engravings, make for a fascinating exploration of Pompeii and its victims.
Cast iron toy cook stoves & ranges : from A to Z
The engineering properties of cast iron
Iron, steel and cast iron before Bessemer : the slag-analytical method and the role of carbon and phosphorus
Casts, splints, and support bandages : nonoperative treatment and perioperative protection
Classic miniature vehicles : Northern Europe
Pompeii's living statues : ancient Roman lives stolen from death
Metal stitch reconditioning analysis
Metallurgy of cast iron : a complete exposition of the processes involved in its treatment, chemically & physically, from the blast furnace through the foundry to the testing machine; a practical compilation of original research
Plaster casts : making, collecting, and displaying from classical antiquity to the present
The microstructure of steels and cast irons
