http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24824 treatment decisions
treatment decisions
Abstract: Effectiveness in health care decision-making : an ethical analysis.
Critical care nursing : diagnosis and management
Essentials of critical care nursing : a holistic approach
Garden tourism
Interactive use of multi-criteria decision analysis in forest planning
A decision aid and choice of treatment among women with heavy menstrual bleeding
"First things first" : an educational video for acute triage assesment
Developing Advertising Strategy by Understanding Consumer Behavior
Nursing knowledge & practice : A decision-making approach
Patient participation in decision making process in primary care : a conversation analytic study
Bates' nursing guide to physical examination and history taking
Paediatric emergency triage, assessment and treatment : care of critically ill children : updated guideline
How to Understand Business Finance
Clinical judgement and decision-making for nursing students
Euthanasia in Europe : national laws, medical guidelines, ethical aspects
Nursing ethics : a virtue-based approach
Expertise in nursing practice : caring, clinical judgement & ethics
Accounting : an introduction
Nurses and families : a guide to family assessment and intervention
Abstract.
Leadership roles and management functions in nursing : theory and application
Patient assessment and care planning in nursing
Evidence-based management in healthcare
Cancer patients' participation in decision-making about treatment and nursing care
Essential decision making and clinical judgement for nurses
Emergency medicine secrets
Decision support for forest management
End-of-life care and pragmatic decision making : a bioethical perspective
Devolution of forest-related rights : comparative analyses of six developing countries
Conscientious objection in health care : an ethical analysis
Leadership styles in ethical dilemmas : reasons, actions and consequences when head nurses make decisions in ethical dilemmas
"The subject of this book is conscientious objection in health care and the principal aim is to provide an ethical analysis of conscience-based refusals by physicians, nurses, and pharmacists. Before considering ethical issues, however, it is essential to understand what conscientious objection is, which calls for conceptual analysis. A person engages in an act of conscientious objection when she refuses to perform an action, provide a service, and so forth on the grounds that doing so is against her conscience. In the context of health care, physicians, nurses, and pharmacists engage in acts of conscientious objection when they: 1) refuse to provide legal and professionally accepted goods or services that fall within the scope of their professional competence, and 2) justify their refusal by claiming that it is an act of conscience or is conscience-based"--Provided by publisher.
The first contact point in Emergency Department is called Triage. It is a system used to prioritize and to recognize the severity of patient's condition when arriving at hospital. This examination is a rapid, systematic and concise which include primary and secondary assessments. The triage decision making and the role of a triage nurse is vital in managing the workload in triage system. Therefore, sufficient knowledge is imperative so that the treatments or the cares will be given properly. The primary objective of this is to scale the patient's health problems before seeing the physician. The purpose of this thesis is to produce a video as a teaching material about acute triage clinical examination for the student of TAMK and to educate how to carry out triage assessments. The approach used in this thesis is Functional which is composed of two parts which are a theoretical part and a product. The theoretical one covers the whole process of the thesis, video making and reflects the general information about triage system as well primary and secondary triage assessment. Triage decision making and prioritizing of care is also explained in this chapter. Finally, the outcome of the product is video. The video serves as an educational material for the student of TAMK. It increases and widens their knowledge about triage and also shows how important the role of triage nurses in decision making.  It is important for the students to understand and be familiar with triage. Enough knowledge about patient's health problems and proper intervention is significant to manage the patients. By learning triage, it gives more information about prioritizing the patient's needs and the importance of decision making when working in hospital. A further research study is recommended about the satisfaction of triage system as a clinical risk management tool in Emergency Departments.
Applying nursing process : a tool for critical thinking
Application of decision-analytic modelling in health economic evaluations
Strangers at the bedside : a history of how law and bioethics transformed medical decision making
Acute and critical care in adult nursing
Euthanasia, death with dignity and the law
Decision-making in general practice
Electronic patient records in interprofessional decision making : standardized categories and local use
Accounting : an introduction / Eddie McLaney and Peter Atrill
Theoretical knowledge for treatment decisions among Finnish dentists
"Our second book, Retention and Productivity Strategies for Nurse Managers, focused on leadership skills necessary for managers to decrease attrition and increase productivity. This book was directed at the nurse-manager rather than the student. The experience of completing research for the second book, coupled with our clinical observations, compelled us to incorporate more leadership content in our teaching and to write this book. Leadership Roles and Management Functions in Nursing was also influenced by national events in business and finance that led many to believe that a lack of leadership in management was widespread. It became apparent that if managers are to function effectively in the rapidly changing health care industry, enhanced leadership and management skills are needed"--Provided by publisher.
