http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24868 cell respiration
cell respiration
Oxygen transport to tissue XXXIV
Vander, Sherman, Luciano's human physiology : the mechanisms of body function
Inflammatory airway diseases : the impact of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase and outcomes of maxillary sinus surgery
Biomarkers in acute respiratory failure
Main protein component of high density lipoprotein, apolipoprotein A1, modulates leukocyte cell respiration
What a wonderful world : one man's attempt to explain the big stuff
Diagnostic studies in children with acute infections : microbes and biomarkers
Complementation of cytochrome c oxidase deficiency by transgenic expression of the alternative oxidase in Drosophila
Muir's textbook of pathology
Diagnostic pulmonary cytology
Respiratory Health
A manual of laboratory and diagnostic tests
Human histology
Probiotics and virus infections : the effects of Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG on respiratory and gastrointestinal virus infections
Allergens and Airway Hyperreactivity
Environmental effects on spatial and seasonal variations of stem respiration in European beech and Norway spruce
Genetic and metabolic suppression of mitochondrial disease phenotype in Drosophila
Respiratory allergy is constantly encountered and is sharply on the rise, particularly in the two most vulnerable age-groups: young children and seniors. Allergy results in airway hyperactivity and increased airway resistance, with all inflammatory sequelae being ensued. The chapters show how respiratory allergy research is interconnected with other disciplines by discussing neurotransmitter, membrane receptor, and ionic channel mechanisms of allergy and by giving diagnostic and pharmacological cues on desensitization and therapy.
Protozoan and metazoan carbonic anhydrases : potential target enzymes for anti-parasitic drug development
Molecular biology and clinical occurrence of emerging human polyomaviruses
Summary.
Elevated levels of fragmented laminin-5 gamma2-chain in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid from dogs with pulmonary eosinophilia
Textbook of medical physiology
Diseases of the respiratory system often cause multisystem dysfunction and morbidity. Respiratory diseases not transmissible by a direct contact are rarer than those of inflammatory or infectious background. Such noncommunicable diseases, often entailing genetic and immune aspects, are areas of limited understanding; sarcoidosis being a case in point. This book tackles the issues relevant to such diseases. The research on novel cytokine markers, which may help in the diagnosis and management of sarcoidosis, is described. Modern approaches to the management of pneumothorax, a frequent accompaniment of lung diseases or chest wall trauma are dealt with as well. There are also chapters that underscore the immuno-inflammatory mechanisms of disorders seemingly unrelated to respiration, such as obesity or aplastic anemia, which may appreciably affect the control of the respiratory system and thus its vulnerability to diseases. The book will be of interest to clinicians and medical researchers.
Mire plants and carbon dioxide dynamics under increased tropospheric ozone concentration and UV-B radiation
Matrix metalloproteinases in critically ill patients
Fundamentals of children's anatomy and physiology : a textbook for nursing and healthcare students
Asbestos and mineral particle : induced production of reactive oxygen metabolites by human polymorphonuclear leukocytes
Noncommunicable Diseases
System-level characterization of Th2 cell development and immune cell responses to ZnO and TiO2 nanoparticles
Diagnostics and epidemiology of human bocaviruses
Virus-host interactions of emerging respiratory pathogens
This book contains the refereed contributions from the 41st annual meeting of ISOTT. The annual meetings of ISOTT bring together scientists from various fields (medicine, physiology, mathematics, biology, chemistry, physics, engineering, etc.) in a unique international forum. Traditionally, ISOTT conferences are a place, where an atmosphere of interaction is created, where many questions are asked after each presentation and lively discussions occur at a high scientific level. This vivid interaction is the main motivation for members to participate and gain new ideas and knowledge in the broad field of oxygen transport to tissue. The papers in this volume summarize some of the outstanding contributions from the 41st annual meeting. Special features in this volume include invited presentations from senior members of ISOTT for the theme the wisdom of ISOTT in which founders, past presidents and prize winners from previous meetings provided both cutting edge new knowledge and integrated overviews of critical aspects of the field. The presentations and manuscripts also include those provided by the special opportunity provided by having part of the ISOTT meeting overlap with the EPR-2013 meeting where both focused on preclinical and clinical measurements of oxygen, with a particular emphasis on cancer.
Essentials of human anatomy & physiology
Junqueira's basic histology : text & atlas
Manometric methods as applied to the measurement of cell respiration and other processes
Studies on hemodynamics and coagulation in neuroanesthesia
The tracheobronchial tree is open to the environment surrounding the body. Respiration has thus the essential bearing on general morbidity, vulnerability to disease and immunity. Further, respiratory function shapes the neuropsychological responses to succumbing to disease, controls the mind-to-body interaction and sets the perception of quality of life. The chapters of this book deal with the preventable drivers of poor respiratory health, the role of health information technology, the improvement in health care delivery and the integration of respiratory health and behavioral health services. Innovative strategies to promote prevention, care coordination and care integration as well as to align disease acceptance and quality of life measures also are tackled. Maintaining respiratory health is of rising research interest as a way of preventing a disease or a non pharmacological therapeutic succor. The book will be of interest to clinicians, family practitioners and medical researchers.
Vertebrate red blood cells : adaptations of function to respiratory requirements
Eosinophil as a target for pathophysiological factors and pharmacological compounds
Virus-host interactions of emerging respiratory pathogen
Allergy and the nervous system
PPAR agonists in modulating the inflammatory properties of macrophages
