http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24878 exchange of information
exchange of information
Negotiating knowledge : evidence and experience in development NGOs
Air passenger data protection : data transfer from the European Union to the United States
Agricultural research networks as development tools : views of a network coordinator
Enhancing informal interaction and knowledge co-construction among forest owners
Crowdsourcing as a model for problem solving : leveraging the collective intelligence of online communities for public good
Principles of health interoperability HL7 and SNOMED
Factors affecting to managerial success of an inter-organizational strategic relationship : empirical evidence from buyer-supplier relationships in Finnish technology industry
Summary: "This book seeks to make an intervention into the ongoing debate about the scope and intensity of global copyright laws. While mapping out the primary actors in the context of globalization and the modern political economy of information ownership, the argument is made that alternatives to further expansion of copyright are necessary. By examining the multiple and competing interests in creating the legal regime of copyright law, this books attempts to map the political economy of copyright in the information age, critique the concentration of ownership that is intrinsic in the status quo, and provide an assessment of the state of the contemporary global copyright landscape and its futures. It draws upon the current narratives of copyright as produced by corporate, government, and political actors and frames these narratives as language games within a global political project to define how information and culture will be shared and exchanged in the future. The text problematizes the relationship of the state to culture, comments on the global flows of culture, and critiques the regulatory apparatus that is in place to commodify culture and align it with the contemporary nation-state. In the end, the possibility of non-commodified and more open futures are explored. The State of Copyright will be of particular interest for students and scholars of international political economy, law, political science, anthropology, sociology, cultural studies, library sciences, and communication studies. It also will appeal to a growing popular audience that has taken an interest in the issues of copyright. "--.
The state of copyright : the complex relationships of cultural creation in a globalized world
Coordination for shared knowledge creation in the development and management of inter-organizational business processes
Consumers’ experienced value of information sharing
Interfaces, Standards and Code lists in Data communication between Authorities : Helsinki–St. Petersburg Smart Transport Corridor
Beyond boundary objects : improving engineering communication with conscription devices
Sharing and communicatin information and knowledge : an ever topical issue
As patterns of media use become more integrated with mobile technologies and multiple screens, a new mode of viewer engagement has emerged in the form of connected viewing, which allows for an array of new relationships between audiences and media texts in the digital space. This exciting new collection brings together twelve original essays that critically engage with the socially-networked, multi-platform, and cloud-based world of today, examining the connected viewing phenomenon across television, film, video games, and social media. The result is a wide-ranging analysis of shifting business models, policy matters, technological infrastructure, new forms of user engagement, and other key trends affecting screen media in the digital era. Connected Viewing contextualizes the dramatic transformations taking place across both media industries and national contexts, and offers students and scholars alike a diverse set of methods and perspectives for studying this critical moment in media culture.
Development of railway logistics' information flows
Knowledge sharing in intrafirm networks in organization
Exchanging data, information and knowledge and protecting intellectual assets in international joint ventures : a case study from a knowledge management perspective
Software change management process in the development of embedded software
Information sharing and data protection in the area of freedom, security and justice : towards harmonised data protection principles for information exchange at EU-level
Inquiry Learning in Practice : Information Sharing Among First Semester Tourism Students and Supervisors
Internal integration during organizational transition : a supply chain perspective
Connected viewing : selling, streaming & sharing media in the digital era
Creating Framework for Collaboration and Knowledge Management in a Transnational Corporation
eHealth and eWelfare of Finland : checkpoint 2011
It is a common concern that non-resident private forest owners are less able to make informed decisions regarding their forests. Moreover, the present guidance given by forest professionals is not reaching all owners. In this study, we suggest enhancing knowledge exchange among forest owners by increasing their mutual and informal interaction that could inspire them to co-construct new knowledge. The first objective is to identify present emerging activities that constitute knowledge exchange contexts (communities) for Finnish forest owners. The second objective is to discuss the challenges of current Finnish forest extension and their implications when introducing Communities of Practice as a complementary response to existing, yet insufficient, professional-led extension. Data consist of Finnish forest owners' and forest professionals' (n=43) focus group interviews. The qualitative analysis was theoretically oriented followed by data-driven coding and grouping. According to the results, the role of expert-led encounters is strong in Finland and owners' opportunities for good mutual communication are rare. Informal communities exist mainly in the countryside among neighbouring owners and within families. To enhance knowledge sharing among owners, one needs to identify innovative topics and activities that would inspire owners to commit to their forest property and perform active silviculture. These communities would operate as creative learning environments allowing participation of different levels. When cultivating forest owners' communities it is important to consider actors' roles. Forest owners themselves are responsible for the functions and continuity of these communities, although forest professionals could also initiate new and sufficiently homogenous reference groups for the owners.
Social media changing the competitive intelligence process : elicitation of employees' competitive knowledge
Health informatics : practical guide for healthcare and information technology professionals
The brokered world : go-betweens and global intelligence, 1770 - 1820
