http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24825 homoeroticism
homoeroticism
Death, desire and loss in Western culture
Sexual life in ancient Egypt
Queer Renaissance historiography : backward gaze
Gay life and culture : a world history
Daddy and the muscle academy : Tom of Finland : special edition DVD
The Sambia : ritual and gender in New Guinea
The homoerotics of Orientalism
In bed with the ancient Egyptians
Zanele Muholi : only half the picture : Michael Stevenson Gallery, Cape Town, 29 Marc - 25 April 2006 / edited and designed by Sophie Perryer
Gender, desire, and sexuality in T.S. Eliot
Sex objects : art and the dialectics of desire
Dirty pictures : Tom of Finland, masculinity and homosexuality
MSC Finland Tom's Club : neljäkymmentä vuotta historiaa = MSC Finland Tom's Club : forty years of history
From the corner of the eye : [Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam, June 27. 1998 to August 23. 1998] / [exhibition organized and catalogue edited by: Martin van Nieuwenhuyzen, Leontine Coelewij and Hripsimé Visser ; catalogue text: Murat Aydemir... [et al.]
Masculine landscapes : Walt Whitman and the homoerotic text
Tom of Finland : daddy and the muscle academy
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 3, A cultural history of sexuality in the Renaissance
Islamicate sexualities : translations across temporal geographies of desire
Tom of Finland : the art of pleasure ; [text by Micha Ramakers]
You will fall in love. Vol. 1
This book explores the representation of male homosexuality in American art in the first half of the twentieth century. Focusing on the work of Charles Demuth and Marsden Hartley, it uncovers the sexual codes and references in their art and explores how the two men reconciled their production of a self-consciously 'American' art with the representation of their own marginalized status as both homosexuals and avant-garde artists.
Shakespeare, sex, and love
The homoerotics of early modern drama
Tom of Finland : the art of pleasure
Tom of Finland / [Valentine Hooven III, Durk Dehner]
The history of sexuality. Vol. 2, The use of pleasure
Starting with a kiss. volume 2
Selfish Mr. Mermaid. 1
Speaking for vice : homosexuality in the art of Charles Demuth, Marsden Hartley, and the first American avant-garde
Men, masculinities, travel and tourism
Includes a brief biography of Edward Perry Warren.
Love & loyalty
Mucho macho : seduction, desire, and the homoerotic lives of Latin men
Alfred Gilbert's aestheticism : Gilbert amongst Whistler, Wilde, Leighton, Pater and Burne-Jones
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 5, A cultural history of sexuality in the age of Empire
How does Shakespeare's treatment of human sexuality relate to the sexual conventions and language of his times? Pre-eminent Shakespearean critic Stanley Wells draws on historical and anecdotal sources to present an illuminating account of sexual behaviour in Shakespeare's time, particularly in Stratford-upon-Avon and London. He demonstrates what we know or can deduce of the sex lives of Shakespeare and members of his family. He also provides a fascinating account of depictions of sexuality in the poetry of the period and suggests that at the time Shakespeare was writing most of his non-dramatic verse a group of poets catered especially for readers with homoerotic tastes. The second part of Shakespeare, Sex, - and Love focuses on the variety of ways in which Shakespeare treats sexuality in his plays and at how he relates sexuality to love. Wells shows that Shakespeare's attitude to sex developed over the course of his writing career, and devotes whole chapters to 'The Fun of Sex' - to how he raises laughter out of the matter of sex in both the language and the plotting of some of his comedies; portrayals of sexual desire; to Romeo and Juliet as the play in which Shakespeare focuses most centrally on issues relating to sex, love, and the relationship between them; to sexual jealousy, traced through four major plays; 'Sexual Experience'; and 'Whores and Saints'. A final chapter, 'Just Good Friends' examines Shakespeare's rendering of same-gender relationships.
HomoArt
Queer love in film and television : critical essays
The jackal awakens
Homosexuality and homosexuals in the arts / ed. with introduct. by Wayne R. Dynes and Stephen Donaldson
A cultural history of sexuality
Description and illustrations of a Roman silver cup (early 1st century AD), once owned by Edward Perry Warren, and now in the British Museum, purchased for 1.8 million pounds; it is 11 cm. tall, and is known for its depictions in low relief of homoerotic acts.
120 days of Sodom
Homoeroticism in the biblical world : a historical perspective
Starting with a kiss. volume 1
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
Sex, literature, and censorship
The Devil's secret
Tom of Finland : daddy and the muscle academy : special edition DVD
Tom of Finland
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Men of Tattoos = Shisei no Otoko
Oscar Wilde : Eros and aesthetics
Roads of excess, palaces of wisdom : eroticism & reflexivity in the study of mysticism
Tom of Finland : ennennäkemätöntä = unforeseen
Tom of Finland : ennennäkemätöntä = unforeseen : [Kluuvin galleria 21.6. - 21.8.2006] / Berndt Arell & Kati Mustola ; [julkaisijat Helsingin kaupungin taidemuseo & MSC Finland - Tom's Club]
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 6, A cultural history of sexuality in the modern age
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 4, A cultural history of sexuality in the Enlightenment
The queer German cinema
Innocence and rapture : the erotic child in Pater, Wilde, James, and Nabokov
Setting Plato straight : translating ancient sexuality in the Renaissance
Edward Lucie-Smith : lähikuvassa = up close and personal = i närbild : Kluuvin galleria, Helsingin kaupungin taidemuseo = Kluuvi Gallery, Helsinki City Art Museum = Glogalleriet, Helsingfors stads konstmuseum, 6. - 29.7.2007 / [toimitus = editing = redaktion: Claire Gould ... [et al.]]
Duty & devotion
Give it to me
Faith & fidelity
A little gay history : desire and diversity across the world
Are bodies sexy? How? In what sorts of ways? Sexy Bodies investigates the production of sexual bodies and sexual practices, of sexualities which are dyke, bi, transracial, and even hetero. It celebrates lesbian and queer sexualities but also explores what runs underneath and within all sexualities, discovering what is fundamentally weird and strange about all bodies, all carnalities. Looking at a pleasurable variety of cultural forms and texts, the contributors consider the particular charms of girls and horses, from National Velvet to Marnie; discuss figures of the lesbian body from vampires to tribades to tomboys; uncover 'virtual' lesbians in the fiction of Jeanette Winterson; track desire in the music of legendary Blues singers; and investigate the ever-scrutinised and celebrated body of Elizabeth Taylor. The collection includes two important pieces of fiction by Mary Fallon and Nicole Brossard. Sexy Bodies makes new connections between and amongst bodies, cruising the borders of the obscene, the pleasurable, the desirable and the hitherto unspoken rethinking sexuality anew as deeply and strangely sexy.
The Warren cup
The complete Kake comics
The afterlife of a certain Tom of Finland...and some after-thoughts
The comics. Volume 1
Sexy bodies : the strange carnalities of feminism
Language and desire : encoding sex, romance and intimacy
Tom of Finland : retrospective 2011.
Following Djuna : women lovers and the erotics of loss
The Passionate Camera brings together over fifty artists, scholars and critics to address a broad range of issues in photography and sexuality. The authors address the importance of reinterpreting historical works by known homosexual photographers, issues in contemporary photography and sexual diversity, and the use and abuse of photographs of sexual subjects in current political campaigns and direct activism. The Passionate Camera features color and black and white illustrations of works by artists such as Ajamu, Catherine Opie, Lyle Ashton, Yasumasa Morimura, John O'Reilly and Sunil Gupta. For the first time, these works have been gathered together in a lucid and accessible critical context, making The Passionate Camera the pre-eminent source on queer and sex-radical photography at the end of the twentieth century.
The passionate camera : photography and bodies of desire
Tom of Finland : the art of pleasures
Jean Cocteau : erotic drawings
The history of sexuality. 3, The care of the self
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 2, A cultural history of sexuality in the Middle Ages
Queer cowboys : and other erotic male friendships in nineteenth-century American literature
Almost human : works 1995-2010
