http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2488 church employees
church employees
Fuyintang : missionary space and local community in the early twentieth century Hunan
Clergy stress : the hidden conflicts in ministry
The diaconal ministry in the mission of the church
Clergy under stress : a study of homosexual and heterosexual clergy in the Church of England
Handmaids of the Lord : women deacons in the Catholic Church
Towards the Sacred : interreligious encounter in the ministry of the church
Pastoral supervision : a handbook
Freedom and guided freedom : arrangements for spiritual guidance of the workers in different churches and denominations
Ex insula lux : manuscripts and hagiographical material connected with medieval England : a joint exhibition organized by Helsinki University Library and the National Library of Russia to mark the 10th meeting of the International Society of Anglo-Saxonists 6-11 August 2001 in Helsinki, and the post-conference symposium on 13 August 2001 in St. Petersburg
On the move in China : The Finnish Evangelical Free Churches' mission in China 1890-1951
Clergy existence challenged : an existential psychological exploration of meaning-making and burnout related to the Church of Sweden
J. Hudson Taylor : a man in Christ
Strategy for biotechnology and genetic engineering in agriculture
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 26
The English missionaries in Sweden and Finland
Mastering Christianity : missionary Anglicanism and slavery in the Atlantic world
Masons and sculptors
Diaconal workers : alongsiders or dumpsters?
The imperial horizons of British Protestant missions, 1880-1914
Consultancy Skills for Mission and Ministry provides a readable handbook to doing consultancy in church based organisations. Many of those who exercise ministry in churches move into roles where they are expected to supervise and support ministers and church leaders in their work. Consultancy is an effective way of doing this and provides skills and theoretical frameworks for both those working explicitly as consultants to ministers and church workers and leaders as well as for officers in churches such as Archdeacons, Superintendents, Mission Officers, local church and regional development advisers or those involved in continuing professional development. Often people moving into these roles are not provided with the specific skills and knowledge they need. Other groups who will find this book useful will include consultants who operate in commercial, public and voluntary organisations but who need to know how to apply their skills in church settings and students on courses in consultancy.
One of the most hotly-debated topics today in the Catholic Church concerns the role of women. Jane Coll upholds as binding the Church teaching that they cannot be ordained as priests. She then explores whether women could be ordained deaconesses. The author takes a new look at this issue and seeks an answer that is compatible with the teachings of Scripture, Tradition and the Magisterium. She has based her work on the premise that the Church cannot introduce any changes that contradict the deposit of Revelation. By discussing the meaning of the Sacrament of Ordination and the role of women in the Church under the teachings of Scripture, Tradition and the Magisterium she indicates that, while the Church could not ordain women as priests, it could ordain them as deacons. However, are such deaconesses part of the sacrament of Order or are they sacramentals? Could the whole issue of women's ordination be side-stepped by creating an order of non-ordained deaconesses with wide parish responsibilities? This book attempts to answer these questions as well as a host of others on this fascinating and topical theme.
Fallen order : intrigue, heresy and scandal in the Rome of Galileo and Caravaggio
Engendering church : women, power, and the AME Church
No women in holy orders? : the women deacons of the early church
Civilizing habits : women missionaries and the revival of French empire
The church as the reconciled community of suffering disciples of Ciise Masiix : towards a contextual Somali ecclesiology
Religious organizations in community services : a social work perspective
Borrowed place : mission stations and local adaption in early twentieth-century Hunan
Ethical issues in youth work
To China with love : the lives and times of Protestant missionaries in China 1860-1900
Women and twentieth-century Protestantism
Missionary zeal and institutional control : organizational contradictions in the Basel Mission on the Gold Coast, 1828-1917
40 questions about elders and deacons
Lutheran cooperation and confrontation in Pakistan 1958-1962 : church-mission relations from the perspective of the Finnish Missionary Society
The Pope's men : the papal civil service in the Renaissance
The missionary life : saints and the evangelisation of Europe, 400-1050
Social work and faith-based organizations
Sisters from two worlds : the impact of the missionary work on the role and the life of women in Namibian church and society
On the Irish waterfront : the crusader, the movie, and the soul of the port of New York
Attentive to God : thinking theologically in ministry
How the Employees of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland Regard Infidelity? : An Attitude Survey in the Dioceses of Espoo and Lapua
Church staff handbook : how to build an effective ministry team
Ministry issues for the Church of England : mapping the trends
The usher's manual : a spiritual and practical guidebook
Towards the Sacred : interreligious encounter in the Ministry of the Church
Team spirituality : a guide for staff and church
God's empire : religion and colonialism in the British world, c. 1801-1908
Together in mission
Statement from a consultation on the preparation of missionaries
New perspectives on psychology and religion
The transforming gospel : the mission of François Coillard and Basuto evangelists in Barotseland
Encyclopedia of mission and missionaries
The Episcopacy of American Methodism
Consultancy skills for mission and ministry
Diaconal workers - alongsiders or dumpsters?
The orthodox understanding of the ministry
Honourably wounded : stress among Christian workers
In Borrowed Place: Mission Stations and Local Adaption in Early Twentieth-Century Hunan Riika-Leena Juntunen creates a microhistorical narrative around the establishment, reception, and development of Lizhou protestant stations during the turbulent years of popular nationalism and early communist activity. The book examines the changing place identity around the stations from political, religious, ritual, cultural, and gendered perspectives, revealing a Chinese semi-religious community with varying motivations and in constant dialogue with its surroundings. The group developed its own normative code and hierarchy, and it offered both economic and religious benefits according to local models. Yet the developing political situation also meant it had to solve the question of anti-foreignism to be able to continue its existence.
This volume includes a wide range of papers that explore individual and institutional aspects of religion from a social-science perspective. The special section has articles from research groups in Europe, the USA and Australia on clergy work-related psychological health, stress, burnout and coping strategies. The general papers include studies on coping strategies among Buddhists, gender differences in response to church decline, teenage participation in religion, social capital among Friends of Cathedrals, psychological profiles of clergy, education effects on Roman Catholic deacons, and an analysis of prayer requests. Together these papers form a valuable collection indicating the depth and vibrancy of research in these fields.
Through orthodox eyes : Russian missionary narratives of travels to the Denaína and Ahtna, 1850s-1930s
Promoting faith and welfare : the deaconess movement in Finland and Sweden, 1850-1930
The rise of the laity in Evangelical Protestantism
For such a time as this : a renewed diaconate in the Church of England : a report to the General Synod of the Church of England of a Working Party of the House of Bishops
Church work and management in change
The shape of practical theology : empowering ministry with theological praxis
Ex insula lux : manuscripts and hagiographical material connected with medieval England : a joint exhibition organized by Helsinki University Library and the National Library of Russia to mark the 10th Meeting of the International Society of Anglo-Saxonists 6-11 August 2001 in Helsinki, and the post-conference symposium on 13 August 2001 in St. Petersburg
A case for female deacons
Gender, race and religion : Nordic missions 1860-1940
Partnership and power : report on leadership and management training workshop
Deacons in the ministry of the Church : a report to the House of Bishops of the General Synod of the Church of England
The religious lives of older laywomen : the last active Anglican generation
Ordained women in the early church : a documentary history
Deontic rights in interaction : a conversation analytic study on authority and cooperation
Remembering and reclaiming Diakonia : the Diaconate yesterday and today
It's no joke being deaf : The autobiography of a man of many skills, but born deaf
Mormon missionaries enter Eastern Europe
Diaconal work as individual and social aid in the social change.
Beyond the forestline : the life and letters of Bengt Sundkler
Practical wisdom : on theological teaching and learning
From faith to action : the Finnish Evangelical Lutheran Mission 1859-2009
Light on darkness? : missionary photography of Africa in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries
Face to face : gay and lesbian clergy on holiness and life together
