http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24822 integration (active)
integration (active)
Knowledge integration and innovation : critical challenges facing international technology-based firms
Restoring the innovative edge : driving the evolution of science and technology
Exploring the systemic value for customer in integrated ICT offerings
Chinese girl in the ghetto
Enhancing value creation of construction projects through early stakeholder involvement and integration
Exploring the competitive advantage through ERP systems : from implementation to applications in agile networks
VLSI design : a practical guide for FPGA and ASIC implementations
Discussion forums : from idea creation to incremental innovations : focus on heart-rate monitors
Cultural tourism : the partnership between tourism and cultural heritage management
SIAM : principles and practices for service integration and management
Case study: company's capability to integrate and manage multi-sourced IT services
Keys to successful integration : importance of social relations on the first-phase integration of Burmese refugees in Rovaniemi
Professional Biztalk
Stakeholder interactions in cross-functional productization : the case of mobile software development
Integration of GSM data SW to mobile products
The Hamburg Model : exemplary integration of youth into vocational education
Role of marketing in innovation
Large-scale high-performance video surveillance
Integration of Immigrants in Sweden 1945-1975
Tropical forest conservation and industry partnership : an experience from the Congo Basin
Home automation : made easy : do it yourself know how using UPB, Insteon, X10 and Z-Wave
Dance about anything
Value of information logistics integration in digital business ecosystem
An approach towards the integration of bus information systems in Vietnam: case study: Ho Chi Minh City Bus Information System project
Migration, family and the welfare state : integrating migrants and refugees in Scandinavia
Integration : a functional approach
The optimization of signalling SW testing in the base station
The integration of immigrants in European societies : national differences and trends of convergence
The role of higher education as an essential component of the productive economy has been emphasized in the 21st century, resulting in a constant need to demonstrate compliance and excellence to various stakeholders. To achieve this, a large variety of internal and external evaluation processes have been developed. However, to connect these evaluations with continuous improvement has often proved challenging due to factors arising from organizational complexity. This compilation dissertation examines how various quality evaluations in higher education could be integrated in a meaningful and synergistic manner. Integration is analyzed both horizontally across the three missions of the university, as well as vertically ranging from external evaluations to self-assessment. The four research articles each support this whole from a different viewpoint. The results of the articles are complemented by a literature review of chosen relevant topics on quality management and evaluation in higher education. The results of this work suggest that a planned process of evaluations starting from the institution level could help evaluations build upon each other and to drive continuous improvement. A holistic view on evaluation and evaluation criteria could be of use in avoiding sub-optimization and ensuring that issues such as stakeholder engagement and societal impact are included in evaluations. The integration of evaluations would constitute a part of integrating an institution's management system and advance unity of effort. The ubiquitous concept of excellence can be seen as linking factor in integration, and an excellence award model was used as an example of a holistic evaluation framework. The theoretical contribution of this study contributes in the discussion regarding quality evaluation, excellence and the integration of management activities in higher education. For practitioners this dissertation work provides both practical tools arising from the results of the research articles, as well as a synthesis of theoretical and practical issues that should be accounted for when developing quality evaluation approaches in institutions of higher education.
This book covers Lebesgue integration and its generalizations from Daniell's point of view, modified by the use of seminorms. Integrating functions rather than measuring sets is posited as the main purpose of measure theory. From this point of view Lebesgue's integral can be had as a rather straightforward, even simplistic, extension of Riemann's integral; and its aims, definitions, and procedures can be motivated at an elementary level. The notion of measurability, for example, is suggested by Littlewood's observations rather than being conveyed authoritatively through definitions of (sigma)-algebras and good-cut-conditions, the latter of which are hard to justify and thus appear mysterious, even nettlesome, to the beginner. The approach taken provides the additional benefit of cutting the labor in half. The use of seminorms, ubiquitous in modern analysis, speeds things up even further.
Integration platform for simulation-driven design optimization
Trust, control and international corporate integration
Integrated water resources management (IWRM) approach in water governance in Lao PDR : cases of hydropower and irrigation
Integration of GaAsP based III-V compound semiconductors to silicon technology
Socio-legal integration : Polish post-2004 EU enlargement migrants in the United Kingdom
Integration in psychotherapy : models and methods
Development of continuous integration framework for external partners
Developing the second generation of  nordic solar collectors
Benchmarking e-learning in higher education : lessons learned from international projects
Supporting solution business with an integrated enterprise system
"I can't come up with any reason why English could not be integrated with any other subject" : English teachers' perceptions of integrating English with other subjects in upper grades of comprehensive school
Nordic Solar is an architecturally fully integrated unglazed solar thermal collector, manufactured by the company Aurubis Finland Oy. The collector consists of a patinated copper absorber with a hidden solar thermal energy system on the back. The purpose of this study was to propose cost effective solutions for the second generation of Nordic Solar products. The objective was to find and analyse different alternatives for improving the collector by reducing its costs and increasing its applications, without altering the efficiency, architectural integration or lifespan of the product.   The Nordic Solar product is evaluated through SWOT analysis, and its main comparable competitors are investigated. The European solar thermal market and current trends in solar integration are evaluated to determine the market potential of the product. Different collector structure designs and joining methods to attach the pipes to the absorbers are studied, and the possibilities of expanding the product applications are analysed. The study is supported with research methods, mechanical tests, manufactured samples, and observations from pilot plant and simulation models. Development proposals that improve the system have been made. Further development and pilot testing is required to validate them. Research and results are covered by a confidentiality agreement.
Managing cross-border acquisitions
Environmental governance : the challenge of legitimacy and effectiveness
Over the past 30 years the relative incomes and employment rates of immigrants have sunk, while immigrants unemployment rates rose. The overrepresentation in the welfare transfer system and an increasing housing segregation cause concern and is much debated. The general opinion is that immigrants are less integrated into the Swedish society today than in former times. The aim of this literature review is to if this is true. The working hypothesis is that immigrants were integrated during the period 1945-1975. A set of nine variables are discussed to examine whether the immigrants 1945-1975 were integrated. Although explorative by its character, the results indicate that immigrants were not as integrated in former times as commonly believed. Contrary to common belief significant improvements in integration has, in some areas, actually been achieved! The integration of immigrants has not changed from good to bad, but rather from bad to worse. .
Stakeholder interactions in cross-functional productization:the case of mobile software development
Developing placement assessment in integration training for adult migrants in Finland
Magnetometer integration challenges in smartphones
Planning together for better quality of life : guide for integrated management for urban rural interaction
Human rights-based change : the institutionalisation of economic and social rights
SIAM is a relatively new and fast evolving concept. SIAM teams are being established in many organizations and in many different sectors, as part of a strategy for (out)sourcing IT services and other types of service.
Enterprise Service Bus
Spinnova is spinning yarn from wood fibres. (English summary)
Abstract.
A convergence study of dynamic iteration methods using compound and multirate discretization
Big social mobile : how digital initiatives can reshape the enterprise and drive business results
Capabilities for handling complex substance  abuse problems and its relationship to the  treatment system : using the DDCAT instrument  to explore local treatment systems in Finland
Indigenous knowledge of Namibia
Finite element method : applications in solids, structures, and heat transfer
Cross system data flow in B2B system integration : a case study: customer to Nokia Siemens Networks Purchase Order Data Flow
PLM-ERP integration
E-participation guidelines : supporting diversity
Finnish Social and Health Care Professionals in the United States of America
Reintegration as recognition : ex-combatant and veteran politics in Namibia
"It is easy for today's leaders to fall into the trap of the trendy technology associated with these initiatives--of designing "cool" systems that generate superficial results. But it is not the technology that makes these three initiatives so important, so promising and so misunderstood. It's that they have changed the way consumers behave, and it's only when these changes are understood and responded to from a business perspective that the potential of the BIG-SOCIAL-MOBILE enterprise can be realized. The premise of BIG-SOCIAL-MOBILE is that these three major business trends have the potential to improve enterprise performance significantly but only if they're implemented in a holistic fashion; and only if they're implemented to enhance and support what has traditionally made a business unique rather than to reinvent the company. The book offers an integrative process that has helped a wide range of companies connect these initiatives to each other and to their enterprise strategy, and one that has yielded transformative results--creating a truly BIG-SOCIAL-MOBILE enterprise"--
Java-COM integration with JACOB using XML wrappers
An event supporting the assimilation of immigrant families : planning, implementation and evaluation by applying service design
Connected by design : 7 principles for business transformation through functional integration
As China opens itself to the world and undertakes historic economic reforms, a little girl in the southern city of Guangzhou immerses herself in a world of fantasy and foreign influences while grappling with the mundane vagaries of Communist rule. She happily immigrates to Oakland, California, expecting her new life to be far better in all ways than life in China. Instead, she discovers crumbling schools, unsafe streets, and racist people. In the land of the free, she comes of age amid the dysfunction of a city's brokenness and learns to hate in the shadows of urban decay. This is the story of her journey from China to an American ghetto, and how she prevailed.
E-inclusion guidelines : supporting diversity
Integration of remote sensing and GIS in studying vegetation trends and conditions in the Gum Arabic Belt in North Kordofan, Sudan
Migration and mobility in the European Union
Integrated quality evaluation in higher education
PLM-ERP INTEGRATION
"This book analyses the patterns of migration flow since the end of the Cold War and relates these to political and policymaking processes at EU level and among EU member states. It delivers an original and innovative perspective on the new dynamics of migration policy and the policy dilemmas facing European politicians"--
Migration, Family and the Welfare State explores understandings and practices of integration in the Scandinavian welfare societies of Denmark, Norway and Sweden through a comprehensive range of detailed ethnographic studies. Chapters examine discourses, policies and programs of integration in the three receiving societies, studying how these are experienced by migrant and refugee families as they seek to realize the hopes and ambitions for a better life that led them to leave their country of origin. The three Scandinavian countries have had parallel histories as welfare societies receiving increasing numbers of migrants and refugees after World War II, and yet they have reacted in dissimilar ways to the presence of foreigners, with Denmark developing tough immigration policies and nationalist integration requirements, Sweden asserting itself as a relatively open country with an official multicultural policy, and Norway taking a middle position. The book analyses the impact of these differences and similarities on immigrants, refugees and their descendants across three intersecting themes: integration as a welfare state project; integration as political discourse and practice; and integration as immigrants' and refugees' quest for improvement and belonging.
When you have a visually impaired student in your classroom : a guide for teachers
