http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24836 customs clearance
customs clearance
Simplification of customs procedures : reducing transaction costs for efficiency, integrity, and trade facilitation
Improvement of import clearance process : case: Microsoft Mobile Oy
Preparation process for the Chinese customs : China Compulsory certificate
The commissioner of this thesis is a start-up consulting company that promotes South American products and offers advises for enterprises which plans to start importing products from South America. Consequently, the commissioner desired to map-out the different importing and exporting phases of international logistics and supply chain in a manner that would allow weaknesses to be discovered and removed. Such a study was necessary because the case company had not prepared it before. The objective of this thesis was to improve and develop the commissioner's expertise in international logistics and trade by researching and finding solutions that provides the best cost and time frame for importing products from South America to Finland. Moreover, the thesis aimed to give a brief indication on how the logistic process, time frames and strategies work between South America and Finland. This thesis theoretical background consists of subjects such as logistic and supply chain, documents function and transport mode and custom duties. Furthermore, a preliminary inquiry and face-to-face interviews were employed to support and complement the secondary data originated from published documents, books and official web pages.As a result, this thesis indicates what transport modes, costs, documents and time frames are involved in international importation. In addition, the research proved that the most expensive transport mode can be the most valuable if the time frame forms a bottle neck. In general, this study helps to initialize the first importing steps but further in-depth investigation is suggested and recommend, especially as a future development proposal.
Logistics study for a consulting company : case company South America Business Solutions Oy
This thesis is written to inform the case company Mirror Line Oy about possible logistical strategies when exporting to St. Petersburg. The case company is going to expand their business through exporting and with their delicate product of mirror and glass sliding doors and wardrobes the transportation plays a significant role from the beginning on. The theoretical framework includes different aspects from supply chain management and logistics, such as distribution channels and warehousing. More emphasis is put into the transportation modes and exporting processes together with the target market. The transportation options gone through in the case are customer pickup from the factory, direct transport to customer's warehouse in St. Petersburg, intermediate warehousing in Finland and train transport. The various processes and required documents are explained and costs and risks of each option are introduced. The facts and figures are based on the freight forwarder interviews, offers and written literature on the topic. The thesis combines the information from the target market and its business methods with different transportation solutions and works as an information source for the case company. With the help of the thesis, the costs of transportation can be analyzed and decisions made.
Abstract.
Maintenance company's spare part logistics into Russia
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to determine the benefits of local manufacturing company  in China to practical processes; export of semi-finished product from Finland to  China, import and customs clearance in China and lead time from order to delivery to  customer and how the process is different from exporting a finished product from  Finland to China. In addition to this, it was also important to research what benefits  are there from the manufacturing company in China in sales perspective for the Case  Company for their business in China and are there some challenges. This research  was made together with the Case Company. The research was needed because they  have a new manufacturing company in China. The benefits and challenges of having  the manufacturing company in practical processes needed to be studied.  Export from Finland to China, import and customs clearance in China and the benefits  and challenges in sales perspective of having a manufacturing company in China  were described in the theoretical part of the thesis in general level. The empirical part  consists of these same issues, but handled from the Case Company's point of view.  The information to the empirical part has been gathered by interviews with the experts  in the Case Company. In addition to the interviews, Finpro had made a customer  survey for the Case Company's current and potential customers in China, and information  from this survey was also analyzed in the empirical part.  As results of the research, process descriptions for both, finished goods and semifinished  goods, were made for export from Finland to China and import and customs  clearance in China. Also benefits and challenges of the manufacturing company in  China were described as research results.  Conclusions of this thesis show that in the practical processes studied in this thesis,  the process for the semi-finished products is lighter and requires less effort especially  in import to China. Also, the local manufacturing company in China can increase the  Case Company's business and competitiveness in China even more and the locality  will show to the customers that the company is committed and gives the access to  easier after-sales services for the customers.
A businessman's guide to the GATT customs valuation code
The aim of this thesis was to improve and ease the customs clearance process for corporate X's channel specialists. The main objective was to increase the number of direct clearances without increasing the number of amendments and complaints. All corporate X's shipments are declared by a forwarding agency. In this case direct clearances means that the customs declaration has been handled by a forwarding agent who has no need to ask customs clearance instructions from the corporate X's channel specialists. The practical part of this thesis includes complementary sheets for the forwarding guide which was made by Minna Raussi on her thesis in 2014. One of those sheets consists information a forwarding agency can use when clearing one of corporate X's vendor's shipments through customs. Another sheet includes material descriptions and codes which were collected from several commercial invoices to ease the definition of CN-codes in the shipments. In addition, a reporting tool was updated to meet the requirements for a weekly follow-up better. The theoretical part includes import activities and aspects that must be considered when declaring goods from the third countries. The stages of this thesis were preparation, monitoring and analyzing. The complementary sheets were made as preparation in August and the monitoring period lasted for four months from the beginning of September till the end of December. Analyzing was made during and after the monitoring period. The results and improvements were evaluated together with the channel specialists. There were undeniable facts that improvements made in August increased the number of direct clearances on the monitoring period.
Benefits and challenges of a manufacturing subsidiary in China : case company
Tiivistelmä: Aircraft maintenance company's spare part logistics into Russia.
The purpose of this thesis was to increase the efficiency of Nokia's logistic specialists. The main objectives were to increase the number of direct clearances and to decrease the amount of amendments and complaints. Direct clearances means that the whole customs declaration has been handled without the consignee's participation. In Nokia's case this means that a forwarding agency handles the whole customs clearance. The practical part of this thesis includes a forwarding guide and the theoretical part describes import activities in general and more detailed information that is introduced in the guide. The information for this thesis has been gathered by observing and interviewing relevant employees at Nokia and DHL. The stages of this thesis were preparation, monitoring and analyzing the gathered information. Preparation included the making of the guide. The monitoring period lasted for five months and after that the development had to be analyzed. The guide is a separate Excel worksheet but the thesis includes some pictures and other information taken from the guide. The theoretical part creates a frame for the guide and opens up the terms used in the guide. The last part of the thesis concentrates on results and conclusions, including some future plans. The results for this thesis were notable. All the goals were reached and all the parties were satisfied with the results.
Forwarding guide for Nokia Finland
Logistics strategies for Russian market entry : case Mirror Line Oy
