http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24843 upward social mobility
upward social mobility
Neighborhood shopkeepers in contemporary South Korea : household, work, and locality
This book takes a novel approach to family, exploring in detail how status is inherited and maintained within families; the process of upward social mobility; and how the roots of social decline start within families. The author also examines how rigidly status equivalence determines choice of spouse. Exceptionally extensive in its coverage, the book ranges from the seventeenth century to the present day, across a large range of European countries and part of the United States, and across several class groups, including royalty, nobility and entrepreneurial dynasties, as well as families of professionals, artists and those in lower ranks. The book also discusses the viability of the central sociological concepts of class and status. The book will be of interest to scholars and students in the areas of family sociology, history, social equality and inequality and class and elitism research.
A meeting of masks : status, power and hierarchy in Bangkok
The story of a new name
Since the publication of My Brilliant Friend, the first of the Neapolitan novels, Elena Ferrante's fame as one of our most compelling, insightful, and stylish contemporary authors has grown enormously. She has gained admirers among authors--Jhumpa Lahiri, Elizabeth Strout, Claire Messud, to name a few--and critics--James Wood, John Freeman, Eugenia Williamson, for example. But her most resounding success has undoubtedly been with readers, who have discovered in Ferrante a writer who speaks with great power and beauty of the mysteries of belonging, human relationships, love, family, and friendship. In this third Neapolitan novel, Elena and Lila, the two girls whom readers first met in My Brilliant Friend, have become women. Lila married at sixteen and has a young son; she has left her husband and the comforts of her marriage brought and now works as a common laborer. Elena has left the neighborhood, earned her college degree, and published a successful novel, all of which has opened the doors to a world of learned interlocutors and richly furnished salons. Both women are pushing against the walls of a prison that would have seen them living a life of mystery, ignorance and submission. They are afloat on the great sea of opportunities that opened up during the nineteen-seventies. Yet they are still very much bound to see each other by a strong, unbreakable bond / WorldCat.
Hillbilly elegy : a memoir of a family and culture in crisis
'Tweets and the Streets' analyses the culture of the new protest movements of the 21st century. From the Arab Spring to the 'indignados' protests in Spain, Paolo Gerbaudo examines the relationship between the rise of social media and the emergence of new forms of protest.
The buccaneers : viattomat valloittajat
Cyberpath to development in Asia : issues and challenges
Social mobility in traditional China
Wolf Hall
Fall of giants
The Yacoubian building : [a novel]
Serious men
Vance, a former marine and Yale Law School graduate, provides an account of growing up in a poor Rust Belt town that offers a broader, probing look at the struggles of America's white working class. The decline of this group, a demographic of our country that has been slowly disintegrating over forty years, has been reported on with growing frequency and alarm. J. D. Vance tells the true story of what a social, regional, and class decline feels like when you were born with it hung around your neck. The Vance family story begins hopefully in postwar America. J. D.'s grandparents were "dirt poor and in love," and moved north from Kentucky's Appalachia region to Ohio in the hopes of escaping the dreadful poverty around them. They raised a middle-class family, and eventually their grandchild (the author) would graduate from Yale Law School, a conventional marker of their success in achieving generational upward mobility. But as the family saga of Hillbilly Elegy plays out, we learn that this is only the short, superficial version. Vance's grandparents, aunt, uncle, sister, and, most of all, his mother, struggled profoundly with the demands of their new middle-class life, and were never able to fully escape the legacy of abuse, alcoholism, poverty, and trauma so characteristic of their part of America.
Les Miserables : the musical phenomenon
Runaway slaves : rebels on the plantation
The Inheritance of Loss
Les misérables : the musical phenomenon
The Neapolitan novels. Book 2, Story of a new name : youth
Popular politics in the making of the modern Middle East
The Adventuress : the irresistible rise of Miss Cath Fox
Those who leave and those who stay
"Nobody should be forced to make a living by begging" : social exclusion and cultural rights of Gāine/Gandharva musicians of Nepal
Social media and women of the Arab Spring : effects of social media on Egyptian women's participation in the revolution
Between dreams and reality : the military examination in late Chosŏn Korea, 1600-1894
Breakfast at Tiffany's
Families, status and dynasties : 1600-2000
The last banquet
Sweet smell of success - menestyksen huuma
Wolf Hall ; and, Bring up the bodies
Tweets and the streets : social media and contemporary activism
The Yacoubian building
Digital revolutions : activism in the Internet age
Towards a better life : family capital and upward social mobility among Finnish forestry employees in the extended 1950s
Marrying Up
