http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24858 national languages
national languages
Who sings the nation-state? : language, politics, belonging
The language of the Third Reich : LTI - Lingua Tetrii Imperii : a philologist's notebook
"Victor Klemperer (1881-1960) was Professor of French Literature at Dresden University. As a Jew, he was removed from his university post in 1935, only surviving thanks to his marriage to an Aryan. From 1933 to 1935 Klemperer kept detailed diaries, which contain in note form some of the raw material for the German edition of LTI: Lingua Tertii Imperii. First published in 1957, The Language of the Third Reich arose from Klemperer's conviction that the language of the Third Reich helped to create its culture. As Klemperer writes: 'It isn't only Nazi actions that have to vanish, but also the Nazi cast of mind, the typical Nazi way of thinking, and its breeding ground: the language of Nazism.' This brilliant book is by turns entertaining and profound, saddening and horrifying. It is deservedly one of the great twentieth-century studies of language and its engagement with history. Translated by Dr Martin Brady"--
Nazi Germany and the American germanists : a study in periodicals 1930 - 1946
The Old Kalevala and certain antecedents
Martin Heidegger : critical assessments
Unknown soldiers
The language of the Third Reich : LTI - Lingua Tertii Imperii, a philologist's notebook
Nazi-Deutsch/Nazi-German : an English lexicon of the language of the Third Reich
Strategy for the national languages of Finland : Government resolution
The language of the Third Reich : LTI - Lingua Tertii Imperii : a philologist's notebook
Uniformity and diversity in language policy : global perspectives
The cage
Kalevala : the Land of Heroes
The fall of language in the age of English
After the war
Linguistics and the Third Reich : mother-tongue fascism, race and the science of language
Mothers, warriors, guardians of the soul : female discourse in National Socialism, 1924-1934
Territories, boundaries and consciousness : the changing geographies of the Finnish-Russian border
The Aeneid
Peko : setu rahvuseepos = setukaiseepos = the Setu epic
The case for Latvia : disinformation campaigns against a small nation : fourteen hard questions and straight answers about a Baltic country
The syntactic preferences of Adolf Hitler in his declaration of war on Poland
The Kalevala drama
Nationalism and the imagination
Finno-Ugric folklore, myth and cultural identity : proceedings of the fifth Internationl Symposium on Finno-Ugric Languages, University of Groningen, June 7-9, 2011
Europe's Northern frontier : perspectives on Finland's Western identity
The Panchatantra
Development of Mordvin definite conjugation
Educational ideals and nation building in Norway 1840-1900
Poetry and patriotism
Maus : a survivor's tale. 1, My father bleeds history
Food from Finland
The story of Kullervo
A lecture given at the Centre for Advanced Study in Sofia, Bulgaria, followed by a discussion moderated by Alexander Kiossev.
Finns and Hungarians between East and West : European nationalism and nations in crisis during the 19th and 20th centuries : the proceedings of the III conference of Finnish-Hungarian historians in 1988
Finno-Ugric republics and their state languages : balancing powers in constitutional order in the early 1990s
"Explores the blurring of boundaries between genres (skaldic and eddic), periods (Viking Age, medieval, early modern) and cultures (Icelandic, Scandinavian, English, continental) in Old Norse-Icelandic poetry"--
Among the great works of world literature, perhaps one of the least familiar to English readers is the Shahnameh, the national epic of Persia. This prodigious narrative, composed by the poet Ferdowsi between the years 980 and 1010, tells the story of pre-Islamic Iran, beginning in the mythic time of Creation and continuing forward to the Arab invasion in the seventh century. As a window on the world, Shahnameh belongs in the company of such literary masterpieces as Dante's Divine Comedy, the plays of Shakespeare, the epics of Homer--classics whose reach and range bring whole cultures into view. In its pages are unforgettable moments of national triumph and failure, human courage and cruelty, blissful love and bitter grief. Now Dick Davis, the greatest modern translator of Persian poetry, has revisited that poem, turning the finest stories of Ferdowsi's original into an elegant combination of prose and verse.--From publisher description.
"The alien within" : translation into German during the Nazi regime
Language and nationalism in Europe
Civil enculturation : nation-state, schools and ethnic difference in four European countries
KULLERVON TARINA : MONIÄÄNINEN MONOLOGI : A POLYPHONIC MONOLOGUE = KULLERVO'S STORY
Song of Finland : tuhansien laulujen maa : lauluja Suomesta
Sounds familiar
“You wouldn't think we’d have that much problems speaking our own language” : Irish university students’ attitudes towards their vernacular
The language situation in Finland
The standard Babylonian Epic of Anzu
Shahnameh : the Persian book of kings
Âkutskij geroičeskij èpos olonho : problemy perevoda : materialy naučno-praktičeskogo seminara na russkom i anglijskom âzykah "Problemy perevoda âkustkogo geroičeskogo èposa olonho", Âkutsk, 21 fevralâ 2012 g. = Yakut heroic epos of olonkho : problems of translation
Translating Hitler's "Mein Kampf" : a corpus-aided discourse-analytical study
The Kalevala : graphic novel
Imagined communities, or real ones? : Perception and reality on national days
The "Georgica" collection of the Helsinki University Library
Beowulf 318b : lofgeornost, "most eager to praise"
The language of violence : Adolf Hitler's 'Mein Kampf'
One mind, one language : the nationalist tradition in Finnish political culture
Between 'Föglö' and 'Fölisön' : Carl Björkman's Political/Performative Project of Autonomy c. 1880-1938 and the Location of the 'Finland-Swedish Nation'
Kalevala : Bild und wesen = Vision and reality
The Kalevala or Poem of the Kalevala district
"Eddic, Skaldic, and Beyond shines light on traditional divisions of Old Norse-Icelandic poetry and awakens the reader to work that blurs these boundaries. Many of the texts and topics taken up in these enlightening essays have been difficult to categorize and have consequently been overlooked or undervalued. The boundaries between genres (Eddic and Skaldic), periods (Viking Age, medieval, early modern), or cultures (Icelandic, Scandinavian, English, Continental) may not have been as sharp in the eyes and ears of contemporary authors and audiences as they are in our own. When questions of classification are allowed to fade into the background, at least temporarily, the poetry can be appreciated on its own terms. Some of the essays in this collection present new material, while others challenge long-held assumptions. They reflect the idea that poetry with "medieval" characteristics continued to be produced in Iceland well past the fifteenth century, and even beyond the Protestant Reformation in Iceland (1550). This superb volume, rich in up-to-date scholarship, makes little-known material accessible to a wide audience"--
Eddic, Skaldic, and beyond : poetic variety in Medieval Iceland and Norway
The Kalevala, or, Poems of the Kaleva district
Kalevala : the land of the heroes
The Kalevala : epic of the Finnish people
Olonkho : Nurgun Botur the Swift
