http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24821 Indo-Aryan languages
Indo-Aryan languages
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages
Language in South Asia
Categorisation and interpretation : Indological and comparative studies from an international Indological meeting at the Department of Comparative Philology, Göteborg University
India : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Vidyārṇavavandanam : essays in Honour of Asko Parpola
The Oxford anthology of writings from North-East India. : poetry and essays
Śāstrārambha : inquiries into the preamble in Sanskrit
Food. Volume 1, thinking food
A fine balance
Kayd : studies in history of mathematics, astronomy and astrology in memory of David Pingree
The sands of Sarasvati
Indian literature in English
Towards a grammatical description of Palula : an Indo-Aryan language of the Hindu Kush
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages. Addenda and corrigenda
Ideology and status of Sanskrit : contributions to the history of the Sanskrit language
The satanic verses
Oriental and linguistic studies : the Veda; the Avesta; the science of language. Vol. 1
Papers included have been extensively revised, rewritten, and expanded; includes two papers not presented at the conference.
Old and new perspectives on South Asian languages : grammar and semantics
The novels of Salman Rushdie
The rhetoric of English India
Indian folktales from Mauritius
English in language shift : the history, structure and sociolinguistics of South African Indian English
Verbal composition in Indo-Aryan
Index translationum Indicarum : a cumulation of entries for India in 'Index translationum', Unesco, Paris, vols. 2-11
A comparative grammar of middle Indo-Aryan
A sketch of the phonology and grammar of Rājbanshi
Henceforth = Anagat
The Indo-Aryan languages
Contributed articles on Sanskrit grammar, mostly by western authors.
Substratum influence on Indo-Aryan grammar
Linguistic theory and South Asian languages : essays in honour of K. A. Jayaseelan
Modern South Asian literature in English
Census of India 1971 : language handbook on mother tongues in census
Linguistic structure and language dynamics in South Asia : papers from the proceedings of SALA XVIII Roundtable
Study of works by women authors writing in modern Indic languages; covers the period, 1947-1997.
Indian linguistics
Ten non-European languages : an aid to the typologist
A reference manual of middle Prākrit grammar : the Prākrits of the dramas and Jain texts
Himachali studies. 3, Grammar
Essentials of hindi grammar : a practical guide to the mastery of hindi
The world's major languages
Advanced 21st century dictionary : (English into English & Urdu)
Indian linguistic studies : festschrift in honor of George Cardona
New ethnicities and language use
Beyond Bangalore : an anthology of Kannada short stories by contemporary women writers : translated from Kannada
Decentering translation studies : India and beyond
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages : phonetic analysis
Anantaṁ Śāstram : indological and linguistic studies in honour of Bertil Tikkanen
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages. Indexes
Humour, wit, and satire from Indian classics
Selected writings on literature and language
Other tongues : rethinking the language debates in India
In this anthology of short stories by contemporary Kannada women writers, the editor has put together representative voices of last three decades. The authors included here come from variety of communities, from diverse cultural and regional backgrounds and draw on different literary influences in creating their own writing styles. Two of the authors are based outside Karnataka,in the metropolis of Mumbai, several are based in the now very cosmopolitan Bangalore, while others live in small cities and towns through out Karnataka. Some of the authors are academics, while others are professionals and yet others are homemakers. Among these stories there are several that bear the mark of modern style that dominated Kannada writing in the mid 20th century. There are others that are influenced by more recent politically charged literary movements such as the dalit assertion. Kruti R. is a sociologist by training and she has been active in the worlds of literature, theatre and arts.
Family quarrels : towards a criticism of Indian writing in English
Negation in South Asian languages
Writing India, writing English : literature, language, location
The written languages of the world : a survey of the degree and modes of use = Les langues écrites du monde : relevé du degré et des modes d'utilisation. Vol. 2, India, book 1 : Constitutional languages = Inde, tome 1 : Langues constitutionnelles
English in the Indian diaspora
Marathi literature : an outline
Nominal composition in middle Indo-Aryan
īlam<sīhaḷa? : an assessment of an argument
Woman in Indian short stories : feminist perspective
The Oxford anthology of writings from North-East India : fiction
Corpus of critical writings, chiefly relating to Indic literature.
A sketch of the phonology and grammar of Rajbanshi
"The essays in this book look at the interaction between English and other Indian languages and focus on the pressure of languages on writers and on each other. Divided into two parts, the first part of the book deals with the pressure that English language has exerted, and continues to exert, in India and our ideas of connectedness as a nation in the ways in which we deal with this pressure. The essays emphasis on the emergence of the hybrid language in the Tamil cultural world because of the presence of English (and Hindi); on the politics of 'anthologisation'; and how Karnad's Tughlaq deals with the idea of the nation, looking at its historical location. The second part of the book focuses on Indian English literature and deals with how it interacts with the idea of representing the Indian nation, sometimes obsessively, seen both in poetry and novels. The book argues that the writer's location is crucial to the world of imagination, whether in the novel, poetry or drama. The world is inflected by the location of the author, and the struggle between the language dominant in that location and English is part of the creative tension that provides energy and uniqueness to writing."--Publisher's description.
Historical linguistics of Indo-Aryan languages
Bronson's Assamese and English dictionary = Asamiyā āru iṅrāji abhidhāna
