http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24872 foster families
foster families
The memory keeper's daughter
Adoption now : messages from research
Every time a bell rings
The honeymoon sisters
Child welfare : major themes in health and social welfare. Volume 3 : Child placement and children away from home
Birth of an adoptive, foster or stepmother : beyond biological mothering attachments
Children exposed to parental substance misuse : implications for family placement
To the end of June : the intimate life of American foster care
Too hurt to stay : the true story of a troubled boy's desperate search for a loving home
Orphan train : a novel
Shifty
Tiny Prisoners: Two siblings trapped in a world of abuse. One woman determined to free them
Damaged : the heartbreaking true story of a forgotten child
Forever yours = Ikuisesti sinun
Mental health interventions and services for vulnerable children and young people
Enhancing parenting skills : a guide book for professionals working with parents
Shared fate : a theory of adoption and mental health
Defining the family : law, technology, and reproduction in an uneasy age
Youth leaving foster care : a developmental, relationship-based approach to practice
Fostering now : messages from research
Kicked out
Poppy's house has always had at least one little foster-brother or sister. But when her mum announces they'll be getting a new foster-child, she isn't expecting it to be Sadie Shaw. Sadie is hard as nails, cold as ice, tougher than a tiger - and she's the new girl in Poppy's class at school. They'd never be seen together in public. Now they're sharing a bathroom. Sadie and Poppy have a secret. They may not like each other, but their mums are sisters - who haven't even spoken for years. But now Sadie's mum's disappeared, her dad's in prison and Poppy's mum is treating her like a long-lost daughter. How can Mum fall for Sadie's sweet-as-honey act - when Poppy knows all too well what she's really like?
On the loose : a novel
Abstract: The placement on a reform school - the second change for an adolescent? : psychiatric disorders, learning disabilities and problems in the family as a challenge of treatment.
Tommy Glover's sketch of heaven
Vulnerable, guilty or on their own? : Institutional identities of substance abusing children and families within Finnish child welfare
Terrified : the heartbreaking true story of a girl nobody loved and the woman who saved her
Remarried family relationships
Family and parenthood : supporting families, preventing breakdown
Orbiting Jupiter
Bone meal for roses
Foster care, childhood and parenting in contemporary Europe
Summary.
Starring Tracy Beaker
Gender, mobility and citizenship in Asia
Coparenting : a conceptual and clinical examination of family systems
Bloodfire
Tell me three things
Preserving families : evaluation resources for practitioners and policymakers
Twelve-year-old genius and outsider Willow Chance must figure out how to connect with other people and find a surrogate family for herself after her parents are killed in a car accident.
Living in a home - feeling at home : final programme : IFCO 2002, The International Foster Care Organisation European Conference, 8-11 August 2002 Tampere, Finland
Residential care : horizons for the new century
Foster care therapist handbook : relational approaches to the children and their families
Social work with children and families
The true story of two neglected little children saved from abuse and transformed by the love and care of foster mother Maggie Hartley.
The fourth victim
Why so sad, Brown Rabbit?
Family ties : a novel
The blind years : a novel
Poppy was six years old when she was rescued from her abusive mother and taken to her grandparents' farm to recover. There, under a wide South African sky, Poppy succumbs to the magic of their garden. Slowly, her memories fade and her wounds begin to heal. But as Poppy grows up into a strange, fierce and beautiful young woman, her childhood memories start to surface. And then a love affair with a married carpenter across the valley explodes her world. This is a lush, lyrical novel about a young girl's struggle to come to terms with her past.
Counting by 7s
Assessing the support needs of adopted children and their families : building secure new lives
Assisted reproduction across borders : feminist perspectives on normalizations, disruptions and transmissions
The big picture : a novel
Thinking psychologically about children who are looked after and adopted : space for reflection
Families in crisis : the impact of intensive family preservation services
The adoption triangle revisited : a study of adoption, search and reunion experiences
Custodial grandparenting : individual, cultural, and ethnic diversity
Children's food practices in families and institutions
