http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24848 Hyvinkää Church
Hyvinkää Church
The great controversy : the individual's struggle between good and evil in the Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs and in their Jewish and Christian contexts
Poverty and charity : Europe, Italy, Venice, 1400-1700
The Christian monitors : the Church of England and the age of benevolence, 1680-1730
Aspects of charity : concern for one's neighbour in medieval vita religiosa
Christianity and social service in modern Britain : the disinherited spirit
The rich Christian in the church of the early empire : contradictions and accommodations
Sacred aid : faith and humanitarianism
The damned
The daughters of charity and moral management in seventeenth-century France : creating conservative catholics, securing survival
Mother Teresa : contemplative in the heart of the world
Multiple moralities and religions in post-Soviet Russia
The Magdalena. Volume 1
The blood gospel
Religion in philanthropic organizations : family, friend, foe?
Piety and charity in late medieval Florence
Helsinki region : statistical comparisons. 2002
"Since the 1973 publication of Gustavo Gutierrez's groundbreaking work A Theology of Liberation, liberation theology's central premise of the preferential option for the poor has become one of the most important yet controversial theological themes of the twentieth century. As the situation for many of the world's poor worsens, it becomes ever more important to ensure that the option for the poor remains not only a vibrant theological concept but also a practical framework for living out the gift and challenge of Christian faith. The Preferential Option for the Poor beyond Theology draws on a diverse group of contributors to explore how disciplines as varied as law, economics, politics, the environment, science, liberal arts, film, and education can help us understand putting a commitment to the option for the poor into practice.
Finnish children's and youth books. 10
The book of joy
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
Charitable hatred : tolerance and intolerance in England, 1500-1700
Women and poor relief in seventeenth-century France : the early history of the Daughters of Charity
The cult of domesticity in Danish women's philanthropy, 1870-1920
Philanthropy, politics, religion and women in Iceland before the modern social welfare system, 1895-1935
Sacral space : modern Finnish churches
Serving God by being neighbourly : Komi protestants and local community initiatives
Hyvinkää Church and Settlement 1958/1958-1961
Religion in Philanthropic Activity explores the tensions inherent in religious philanthropies across a variety of organizations and examines the effect assumptions about "professional" philanthropy have had on how religious philanthropies carry out their activities. Among the organizations discussed are the Salvation Army, the World Council of Churches, and Catholic Charities USA. The essays focus on the work of one individual, Robert Pierce, founder of World Vision and Samaritan's Purse, and on more general matters such as philanthropy and Jewish identity, American Muslim philanthropy since 9/11, and the federal program that funds faith-based initiatives. The book sheds light on how religion and philanthropy function in American society, shaping and being shaped by the culture and its notions of the "common good."
The preferential option for the poor beyond theology
Good and faithful servant : stewardship in the Orthodox Church
Two great spiritual masters share their own hard-won wisdom about living with joy even in the face of adversity. The occasion was a big birthday. And it inspired two close friends to get together in Dharamsala for a talk about something very important to them. The friends were His Holiness the Dalai Lama and Archbishop Desmond Tutu. The subject was joy. Both winners of the Nobel Prize, both great spiritual masters and moral leaders of our time, they are also known for being among the most infectiously happy people on the planet. From the beginning the book was envisioned as a three-layer birthday cake: their own stories and teachings about joy, the most recent findings in the science of deep happiness, and the daily practices that anchor their own emotional and spiritual lives. Both the Dalai Lama and Archbishop Tutu have been tested by great personal and national adversity, and here they share their personal stories of struggle and renewal. Now that they are both in their eighties, they especially want to spread the core message that to have joy yourself, you must bring joy to others. Most of all, during that landmark week in Dharamsala, they demonstrated by their own exuberance, compassion, and humor how joy can be transformed from a fleeting emotion into an enduring way of life.
