http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24888 work community skills
work community skills
Mentoring in schools: a handbook of good practise
Understanding NLP : strategies for better workplace communication ... without the jargon
Life beyond the classroom : transition strategies for young people with disabilities
Make difficult people disappear : how to deal with stressful behavior and eliminate conflict
Managing human resources
APA handbook of industrial and organizational psychology. Volume 3, Maintaining, expanding, and contracting the organization
Abstract.
Stuff I wish I'd known when I started working
Experiencing and managing emotions in the workplace
Why should anyone work here? : what it takes to create an authentic organization
The best place to work : the art and science of creating an extraordinary workplace
The twin star book : a solution-focused approach to improving the psychosocial environment of the work place
Changing literacy practices : a becoming of a new teacher agency
"Save your organization by building the skills to deal with difficult people We all have to work with people we can't stand to be around. Our challenge is to find creative ways to handle these difficult people. In the fable Make Difficult People Disappear, the skills and strategic plan needed to change your mindset are told through a clear, concise story. By first understanding the four main personality types in the workplace, Commander, Organizer, Relater, and Entertainer, readers can then devise effective strategies for diffusing unproductive and damaging behavior.This book serves to change the mindset and behavior of people who deal with difficulty on a regular basis.  Wofford describes how through understanding our behavior differences and natural reactions to stress, that utilizing a plan based on these differences the difficulty simply seems to disappear  Advises everyone from frustrated executives to entrepreneurs tired of dealing with difficult people who suck the life out of their organizations  Complete with a step-by-step action plan, Make Difficult People Disappear serves to replenish your confidence and build skills in leading those who until now you didn't know how to manage and felt there was no choice but to continue to deal with or ignore"--
"While most leadership books try to answer the question "what is good leadership?" this book asks "how can people learn to lead?" The Leadership Skills Handbook reflects the collective knowledge, wisdom and experience of thousands of leaders who have contributed through surveys and interviews. It is based on research that identifies the five different groups of skills that leaders must have -- career skills, people skills, moment of truth skills, technical skills and values and behaviors. It covers some of the common challenges emerging leaders have expressed, such as: how to really take control; how to deal with politics of the organization; how to manage budgets when times are tough; how to achieve what's necessary with limited time and money and how to deal with stress. This new edition is updated with a new section on the mindset of success, as well as the latest thinking on resilience, collaboration and enterprising. Full of tips, exercises and advice, The Leadership Skills Handbook explains how to become a leader that people want to follow"--
Human dynamics : a new framework for understanding people and realizing the potential in our organizations
How to have a good day
Social work, community work and psychology
"A guide for librarians to develop a new relationship with technology that preserves the core mission of libraries while responding to the needs of a new generation of library clients"--Page xxii.
Starting an Etsy business for dummies
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
Hard skills or soft skills? Findings about importance of various skills in work
"It used to be that businesses could ask individuals to conform to the organization's needs. But now leaders are charged with creating the best company on earth to work for: they must transform their organizations to attract the right people, keep them, and inspire them to do their best work. In Why Should Anyone Work Here? Rob Goffee and Gareth Jones identify the six key organizational attributes to do just that. In separate chapters, they delve deeply into each one: 1. Let people be themselves 2. Practice radical honesty 3. Magnify people's strengths 4. Stand for authenticity (more than shareholder value) 5. Make work meaningful 6. Make simple rules With vivid stories and examples, the authors illustrate the kind of strong, attractive workplace culture that leads to sustained high performance. They also provide ways of assessing how your company is doing, and describe the tensions and trade-offs that leaders must manage as they transform their organizations. Why Should Anyone Work Here? is the question all contemporary organizational leaders must constantly ask themselves if they want to survive and thrive in the new world. This is the book that will help them answer that question"--
Dealing with difficult people
Leading at a higher level : Blanchard on leadership and creating high performing organizations
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
Teaching & communicating : rethinking professional experiences
Leading through conflict : how successful leaders transform differences into opportunities
How organizations learn
Executive decisions : hospitality case studies in leadership, ethics, employee relations and external relations
Handbook of cultural intelligence : theory, measurement, and applications
Harvard business review on negotiation and conflict resolution
The patron-driven library : a practical guide for managing collections and services in the digital age
In How to Have a Good Day, economist and former McKinsey partner Caroline Webb shows readers how to use recent findings from behavioral economics, psychology, and neuroscience to transform our approach to everyday working life. Advances in these behavioral sciences are giving us ever better understanding of how our brains work, why we make the choices we do, and what it takes for us to be smart and savvy. But it's not always been easy to see how to apply these insights in the workplace - until now. In How to Have a Good Day, Webb explains how three big scientific ideas can help us be at our best every day. She shows us exactly how to apply this science to our plans, tasks and conversations, in step-by-step guidance that allows us to: set better priorities; make the hours go further; turn every interaction into a success; strengthen our personal impact; be resilient in the face of setbacks; and sustain our energy over the course of the day.
Interpersonal skills at work
Information literacy and workplace performance
101 ways to connect with your customers, chiefs, and co-workers
Professional communicative repertoires and trajectories of socialization into global working life
Bad apples : identify, prevent & manage negative behaviour at work
"'That's not my job.' If you don't want your employees to say that, why do you start your relationship by giving them a narrow task and competency focused description of their job? We need people to fulfil many different roles at work - yes the need todo their job, but they also need to contribute positive energy, collaborate, and take personal reasonability for innovation and personal development. How do they fit into a traditional job description? It is futile persevering with the job description borne out of the scientific management movement one hundred years ago. The world of work is vastly different to the assembly lines of the Ford Motor Company of the early twentieth-century. Building on the phenomenal success of The End of the Performance Review, Baker examines four essential 'Non-Job' roles that all employees must fulfil and shows how to create meaningful role descriptions that can help you recruit better people and enable them to deliver better results. "--
The leadership skills handbook : 50 essential skills you need to be a leader
Presents the fundamental theories and frameworks that help you to understand human behaviour, emotions and cognition at work. This title explains the main theories and models used by psychologists, giving you the essential information to implement business psychology techniques in your organization.
Human relations for career and personal success
What motivates employees to live up to value promises : an employee discourse
Emotional intelligence coaching : improving performance for leaders, coaches and the individual
Mean girls at work: how to stay professional when things get personal
Information processing in global virtual NPD projects
Providing effective library services for research
The psychology of work : insights into successful working practices
One for all and all for one : worker's views on their teamwork skills at the Veturipolku kindergarten
Towards professional growth : essays on learning and teaching forest economics and marketing through drama, role-play and reflective journals
Practical tips for facilitating research
In knowledge-based economy an increasing amount of work is conducted in projects in dispersed virtual organisational settings. Information is the raw material of virtual knowledge-based project work and therefore an understanding of information processing in virtual NPD (New Product Development) projects is essential. Information processing is particularly crucial for virtual NPD projects, which are typically implemented in demanding, turbulent and complex institutional settings, where they are subject to various challenges caused by cultural, organisational and human factors and where large amounts of information is processed.This multi-disciplinary study combines theories of information processing and trust and knowledge-based view of organisations. Particularly impersonal and interpersonal trust and barriers to information processing are investigated to study organisational capabilities and virtual communication competencies, which can enable information processing in virtual NPD projects. The case organisation was selected for the study because it has a lengthy history of multinational and multisite virtual way of work. Survey questionnaires and semi-structured interviews were employed to gather research data. Focus group interviews and document review were conducted to evaluate the results. Altogether, 11 leaders and 12 expert teams were interviewed at sites in the USA, Finland, China and Poland as well as 7 members from the operative management in USA and Finland.The results of this study enhance the understanding of organisational virtual capabilities and personal virtual communication competencies in virtual NPD project context. The findings indicate that trust is significant and it is clear that both impersonal and interpersonal trust in supporting information processing in projects, are needed. This study also confirms that each phase in virtual project lifecycle has different needs for information processing. Through recognizing virtual communication capabilities in company level and competencies at the personal level, it would be easier to manage information processing in virtual NPD projects. At the personal level, virtual communication competencies are seen to consist of cultural knowledge and sensitivity, company language skills, listening skills, accountability and credibility, mastery in using ICT and e-mail etiquette. The significance of virtual communication capabilities and competencies as part of knowledge management strategies will grow in the future. This dissertation addresses this challenge by providing new practical and theoretical perspectives to enable planning, measuring, training and rewarding from virtual communication competences, and them to be tested in similar constructions in ICT industry or in other organizations to enhance information processing in virtual projects.
PE teachers' job satisfaction, turnover, and intention to stay or leave the profession
Newly qualified social workers : a practice guide to the assessed and supported year in employment
Defining and selecting key competencies
Therapeutic  communication
CHAPTER 1 What Predicts Success? CHAPTER 2 Developing Self-Awareness CHAPTER 3 Building Trust CHAPTER 4 Communicating Effectively CHAPTER 5 Gaining and Using Sustainable, Ethical Power and Influence CHAPTER 6 Managing Relationships with Your Direct Reports, Bosses, and Peers CHAPTER 7 Managing Cultural Diversity CHAPTER 8 Creating High-Performing Teams CHAPTER 9 Diverse Teams and Virtual Teams: Managing Differences and Distances CHAPTER 10 Crafting a Life: Your Guide to the Good Life.
"It can be a challenge for global organizations to ensure that their increasingly multicultural workforce is working and communicating effectively across different cultures. Drawing on research from over 30,000 individuals from all over the world, Intercultural Readiness presents a model for assessing the four key competencies that employees must develop in order to work effectively across different cultures; Intercultural Sensitivity, Intercultural Communication, Building Commitment and Managing Uncertainty. One of the first scientifically sound intercultural assessment tools, the Intercultural Readiness Check (IRC) helps organizations discover how well they work across cultures and in what areas their teams needed better training or support. Combining their practical experience as intercultural management consultants with a decade of research into how to improve team-working and communication, the authors present practical strategies for how to develop these competencies and provide useful insights into the broader landscape of intercultural management"--
The big book of virtual teambuilding games : quick, effective activities to build communication, trust and collaboration from anywhere!
Management skills for everyday life : the practical coach
Award-winning psychologist Ron Friedman uses the latest research from the fields of motivation, creativity, behavioral economics, neuroscience, and management to reveal what really makes us successful at work. Combining powerful stories with cutting-edge findings, Friedman shows leaders at every level how they can use scientifically proven techniques to promote smarter thinking, greater innovation, and stronger performance.
Intercultural readiness : four competences for working across cultures
Interactive expertise : studies in distributed working intelligence
The second conference in Promoting well-being and holistic care through multidisciplinary education : August 20-22, 1996
Organizing relationships : traditional and emerging perspectives on workplace relationships
How to deal with people problems and problem people : jerks at work
Workplace communication for the 21st century : tools and strategies that impact the bottom line. Volume 1, Internal workplace communication. Volume 2, External workplace communication
Thanks for the feedback : the science and art of receiving feedback well (even when it is off base, unfair, poorly delivered, and, frankly, you're not in the mood)
The end of the job description : shifting from a job-focus to a performance-focus
Classroom interaction and social learning : from theory to practise
Individual awareness and its effect on organization development and well-being
How to win friends and influence people
The economics of the multilingual workplace
Applied conversation analysis : intervention and change in institutional talk
Foundations of primary teaching
Your total image
The discourse of negotiation : studies of language in the workplace
Where should I begin ? How could I develop? : a handbook for teachers in general education to implement work life and entrepreneurship in their daily practices
Mean girls at work : how to stay professional when things get personal
Give and take : why helping others drives our success
Top business psychology models : 50 transforming ideas for leaders, consultants, and coaches
Paradise lost or regained? : the meanings and perceptions of organisational communication of 1990ś in Finnish work organisations
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
Dinosaur brains : dealing with all those impossible people at work
Abstract: Emotionally intelligent leadership : qualitatively defining and quantitatively measuring performance-based emotional intelligence competencies.
Talk at work : interaction in institutional settings
All edge : inside the new workplace networks
Savvy : dealing with people, power and politics at work
