http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24806 infographics
infographics
Mapping it out : an alternative atlas of contemporary cartographies
Vargic's miscellany of curious maps
The visual display of quantitative information
Every day, at work, home, and school, we are bombarded with vast amounts of free data collected and shared by everyone and everything from our co-workers to our calorie counters. In this highly anticipated follow-up to The Functional Art—Alberto Cairo's foundational guide to understanding information graphics and visualization—the respected data visualization professor explains in clear terms how to work with data, discover the stories hidden within, and share those stories with the world in the form of charts, maps, and infographics. In The Truthful Art, Cairo transforms elementary principles of data and scientific reasoning into tools that you can use in daily life to interpret data sets and extract stories from them.
Raw data : infographic designers' sketchbooks
Cool infographics : effective communication with data visualization and design
The infographic history of the world
Envisioning information
Data visualizations and infographics
"This is a book about what the science of perception can tell us about visualization. There is a gold mine of information about how we see to be found in more than a century of work by vision researchers. The purpose of this book is to extract from that large body of research literature those design principles that apply to displaying information effectively"--
The Map Design Toolbox is a shortcut for all mapmakers. It provides inspiration and a DVD with 640 ready-to-go vector files of not only continents, countries, and cities, but also compass roses, landmark buildings, place names, rivers, trees, and much more. These tools ensure that you can concentrate on the content and look of your map right away. This book compiles a selection of visually inspiring maps, as well as a wide range of individual components for creating legends and sets of icons related to themes including transportation, sports, and vacation. With its wide range of practical graphic templates The Map Design Toolbox provides time-saving groundwork for creating compelling maps of any kind.
Way of the sign III
"Here is a complete, comprehensive drawing reference for design students and professionals alike who want to implement drawing as a professional tool. In Drawing for Graphic Design, Timothy Samara empowers readers to add drawing to their design vocabulary, featuring case studies of commercial projects from start to finish along with a showcase of real-world projects that integrate drawing as an intrinsic part of their visual communication. Filled with original author drawings and sketches, it's a must-have reference that will benefit designers of all levels"--
Visual strategies : a practical guide to graphics for scientists & engineers
Mendor one : improving quality of self-care for persons with type 2 diabetes with insulin treatment
Drawing for graphic design : understanding conceptual principles and practical techniques to create unique, effective design solutions
"A fresh take on financial data visualization for greater accuracy and understanding Your data provides a snapshot of the state of your business and is key to the success of your conversations, decisions, and communications. But all of that communication is lost or incorrectly interpreted without proper data visualizations that provide context and accurate representation of the numbers. In Visualizing Financial Data, authors Julie Rodriguez and Piotr Kaczmarek draw upon their understanding of information design and visual communication to show you how to turn your raw data into meaningful information. Coverage includes current conventions paired with innovative visualizations that cater to the unique requirements across financial domains, including investment management, financial accounting, regulatory reporting, sales, and marketing communications. Presented as a series of case studies, this highly visual guide presents problems and solutions in the context of real-world scenarios. With over 250 visualizations, youll have access to relevant examples that serve as a starting point to your implementations. " Expand the boundaries of data visualization conventions and learn new approaches to traditional charts and graphs " Optimize data communications that cater to you and your audience " Provide clarity to maximize understanding " Solve data presentation problems using efficient visualization techniques " Use the provided companion website to follow along with examples The companion website gives you the illustration files and the source data sets, and points you to the types of resources you need to get started." -- ONIX annotation
The politics of design : a (not so) global manual for visual communication
Visual content marketing : leveraging infographics, video, and interactive media to attract and engage customers
Visual Intelligence : Microsoft tools and techniques for visualizing data
Visual explanations : images and quantities, evidence and narrative
Handbook of data visualization
Design thinking for visual communication
Information visualization : perception for design
Sisältö: Aspects of Information Design : The nature of information --Qualitative Issues : Perceptions, conventions, proximity --Quantitative Issues : Dimensionality, comparisons, numbers, scale --Structure, Organization, Type : Hierarchy and visual grammar --Finding Your Way? : Movement, orientation, situational geography --Documents : Stories, inventories, notes.
Information design : research and practice
Visual communication : images with messages
Rhetoric of the visual : metaphor in a still image
Information is beautiful
Information visualization
Interactive data visualization : foundations, techniques, and applications
"Information Design shows designers in all fields - from user-interface design to architecture and engineering - how to design complex data and information for meaning, relevance, and clarity. Written by a worldwide authority on the visualization of complex information, this full-color, heavily illustrated guide provides real-life problems and examples as well as hypothetical and historical examples, demonstrating the conceptual and pragmatic aspects of human factors-driven information design. Both successful and failed design examples are included to help readers understand the principles under discussion"--
An introduction to information design
Information visualization : an introduction
Data points : visualization that means something
Infographic Design in Media
Card sorting : designing usable categories
The back of the napkin : solving problems and selling ideas with pictures
Readings in information visualization : using vision to think
Data flow : visualising information in graphic design
Scandinavian graphic design
Designing Information shows designers in all fields - from user-interface design to architecture and engineering - how to design complex data and information for meaning, relevance, and clarity. Written by a worldwide authority on the visualization of complex information, this full-color, heavily illustrated guide provides real-life problems and examples as well as hypothetical and historical examples, demonstrating the conceptual and pragmatic aspects of human factors-driven information design. Both successful and failed design examples are included to help readers understand the principles under discussion.
Informationen gestalten = Designing information
100 ideas that changed graphic design
Taste : the infographic book of food
Isotype : design and contexts, 1925-1971
Understanding the world : the atlas of infographics
Signage systems & information graphics : a professional sourcebook
Communication Design : insights from the creative industries
"In 2010, Börner published Atlas of Science: Visualizing what We Know with us, and the work found an audience across a wide range of readers. Although Katy is busy working on the second Atlas volume, she has taken her info viz talents to the street via an Indiana University MOOC. This course applies advanced data mining and visualization techniques to communicate temporal, geospatial, topical, and network data of IVMOOC13 teaching and learning, provides instructions on how to collaborate with external clients and presents the best 2013 project results, closes with an outlook on MOOC trends and opportunities. This book is for this course. The work is the core of her information visualization course and is intended to serve as a stand-alone resource and how-to guide for those seeking to learn the tricks of information visualization. Part "how-to" book and part primer in data and information across the disciplines, Börnerʹs work provides the perfect text for beginner mastery of the topic"--
The information design handbook
Visual language for designers : principles for creating graphics that people understand
Data flow 2 : visualizing information in graphic design
Malofiej 17 : premios internacionales de infografía = international infographics awards
Designing news : changing the world of editorial design and information graphics
Information design workbook : graphic approaches, solutions, and inspiration + 30 case studies
Maps have always been at the heart of human knowledge. Whether they chart a newly discovered land or lay out a complicated process, maps serve to improve our understanding of what surrounds us. Maps make the complex simple, and reveal the complexity behind the apparently simple. Mapping It Out invites artists, architects, writers, and designers, geographers, mathematicians, computer pioneers, scientists, and others from a host of fields to create a personal map of their own, in whatever form and showing whatever terrain they choose, whether real-world or imaginary. Over 130 contributors are represented, including Yoko Ono, Louise Bourgeois, Damien Hirst, David Adjaye, Ed Ruscha, Alexander Kluge, and many more. Some contributors have translated scientific data into simplified visual language, while others have condensed vast social, political, or natural forms into concise diagrams. There are reworked existing maps, alternate views of reality, charted imaginary flights of fancy, and the occasional rejection of a traditional map altogether.--Provided by publisher.
National geographic infographics
Information visualization : design for interaction
Super graphic : a visual guide to the comic book universe
The truthful art : data, charts, and maps for communication
Fully booked - ink on paper : design and concepts for new publications
Storytelling with data : a data visualization guide for business professionals
"The success of a piece of communication has always been dependent on the connection between content, form, audience and context - what the message is, who it's aimed at, what it looks like, and how and where it's communicated. In recent years the balance between these elements has shifted. Graphic and communication designers have traditionally offered style and packaging solutions for brands and products. However, as the nature and complexity of brands has changed within our economy, a designer's ability to analyse, understand and clarify has become ever more important. In this world, the thinking behind a communication outcome is much more significant to the income of a creative agency, and designers are often employed to help a client understand what sort of design they need, rather than simply to style up what a client thinks they want. It is this shift in the designer's role that this book examines, through themes of brand, experience, conversation, participation, navigation, advocacy and critique. Providing educators, students and design practitioners with an overview of the most important and exciting developments in contemporary communication design, Communication Design identifies a series of emerging modes of creative practice to help clarify the mind and skill-sets that are inherent to successful working practice"--
Graphesis : visual forms of knowledge production
Pictograms, icons & signs : a guide to information graphics
Information graphics : a comprehensive illustrated reference
Malofiej 20 : premios internacionales de infografía = international infographics awards
Information, technology, and innovation : resources for growth in a connected world
Visual communication is just as important as verbal communication, if not more important. VISUAL COMMUNICATION: IMAGES WITH MESSAGES shows you how visual perception is used in all forms of communication, whether it's graphic design, photography, television, video, or interactive media. And because it's packed with study and review tools, this communications textbook not only clearly explains the theories you need to know, it helps you prepare for tests and will help you succeed in the class.
"The success of a piece of communication has always been dependent on the connection between content, form, audience and context - what the message is, who it's aimed at, what it looks like, and how and where it's communicated. In recent years the balance between these elements has shifted. Graphic and communication designers have traditionally offered style and packaging solutions for brands and products. However, as the nature and complexity of brands has changed within our economy, a designer's ability to analyse, understand and clarify has become ever more important. In this world, the thinking behind a communication outcome is much more significant to the income of a creative agency, and designers are often employed to help a client understand what sort of design they need, rather than simply to style up what a client thinks they want. It is this shift in the designer's role that this book examines, through themes of brand, experience, conversation, participation, navigation, advocacy and critique.Providing educators, students and design practitioners with an overview of the most important and exciting developments in contemporary communication design, Communication Design identifies a series of emerging modes of creative practice to help clarify the mind and skill-sets that are inherent to successful working practice"--
Atlas of everything : maps that help you make sense of the world
Visual insights : a practical guide to making sense of data
The functional art : an introduction to information graphics and visualization
The comic book universe is adventurous, mystifying, and filled with heroes, villains, and cosplaying Comic-Con attendees. This book by one of Wired magazine's art directors traverses the graphic world through a collection of pie charts, bar graphs, timelines, scatter plots, and more. Super Graphic offers readers a unique look at the intricate and sometimes contradictory storylines that weave their way through comic books, and shares advice for navigating the pages of some of the most popular, longest-running, and best-loved comics and graphic novels out there.
With Designing News, Franchi conveys his vision for the future of news and the media industry. Based on personal insight and experience, he offers valuable analysis and perspectives on the fundamental changes that are taking place in the way media is being used. Franchi explores consumer behaviors and expectations that represent the biggest challenges facing traditional publishing houses and broadcasting companies as well as journalists and designers. For Franchi, reporting is not merely filing a story once, but rather telling a continuous narrative in a way that is most relevant for a broad range of traditional and digital media--from breaking news to analysis, from interviews to commentaries, and from photo essays and illustrations to information graphics and interactive visualizations of data. In this book, Franchi explains the ramifications of this development and how newspapers can become credible, comprehensive news brands.
Propaganda : truth and lies in times of conflict
Designing information : human factors and common sense in information design
Infographic designers' sketchbooks
Information graphics : innovative, solutions in contemporary design
The map design toolbox : time-saving templates for graphic design
Atlas of knowledge : anyone can map
The information design handbook : Jenn Visocky O'Grady, Ken Visocky O'Grady
Informotion : animated infographics
Malofiej 19 : premios internacionales de infografía = world infographics awards
The power of infographics : using pictures to communicate and connect with your audience
Malofiej 18 : premios internacionales de infografía = international infographics awards
Infographics : the power of visual storytelling
Interactive visualization : insight through inquiry
Information Graphics
