http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24896 herbaria
herbaria
Progress report : Nationaal Herbarium Nederland
Istanbul Üniversitesi Eczacilik Fakültesi Herbaryumundaki Türkiye Bitkileri = Turkish material present in the Herbarium of the Faculty of Pharmacy of Istanbul University. 2, Monocotyledones
Southern African national herbaria : status reports 1996
Catalogue of Brazilian plants collected by Prince Maximilian of Wied
"This book follows the journey of over 80 pioneering botanists and the important findings and collections they have made. It includes each journey and routes taken with the help of maps and personal notes. Each story explains the complications and difficulties that each botanist had to overcome but the many discoveries made along the way."--
Dahl was the second Demonstrator in Botany (1786-1789) at Åbo Akademi. He died soon after arriving to Åbo (Turku), and his career here is poorly known. The main duty of demonstrators were to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. Dahl sent to Åbo a considerable herbarium prior to his arrival. It included 6000 specimens, of which about 1000 had once belonged to Herbarium Linnaeanum, but donated to Claes Alströmer, Dahls employer at Alingsås, Christinedahl, Västra Götaland in Sweden. That herbarium, like all collections at Åbo, were almost completely burn in 1827 in the Great Fire of Åbo. The number of exsisting specimens in Herbarium Dahlianum at University of Helsinki, Botanical Museum is 215. It includes specimens once owned by e.g. Pehr Kalm, Carl von Linné the Elder and Younger, Peter Simon Pallas, Carl Peter Thunberg and Martin Vahl.
50 nature projects for kids : fun-packed outdoor and indoor things to make and do
Explorers' botanical notebook : in the footsteps of Theophrastus, Marco Polo, Linnaeus, Flinders, Darwin, Speke and Hooker
Catalogue of the Hedwig-Schwägrichen Herbarium (G) d Michelle J. Price. Part 1, Type material and a review of typifications for the Hedwig moss names
Bryological herbraria : guide to the bryological herbaria of the world
Istanbul Üniversitesi Eczacilik Fakültesi Herbaryumundaki Türkiye Bitkileri = Turkish material present in the Herbarium of the Faculty of Pharmacy of Istanbul University. 1, Pteridophyta, Gymnospermae, Dicotyledones
Edvard August Vainio's types in TUR-V and other herbaria
Danish fungi as represented in the herbarium of E. Rostrup
Bonsai : a patient art : the Bonsai Collection of the Chicago Botanic Garden
Anders Dahl (1751-1789) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
