http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24886 combat skills
combat skills
This handbook is a primer for all students and teachers of Theatrical Combat. Detailed images depict basic hand to hand moves and the parry systems for Cutlass, Broadsword and Quarterstaff, along with notated drills for practicing attack and parry techniques. This book also includes a Sample Theatrical Combat Course Curriculum created by the sword masters of the Academy of Theatrical Combat. The goal of the Academy of Theatrical Combat is to give performers all the tools they need to feel confident in any action situation for stage, film, television, motion capture, or internet production. This includes knowing the basic theatrical combat techniques so well, they become second nature and allow actors to adapt safely and effectively to any and all situations they might face as performers. Stage Combat, Swordfighting
The Lord of Tears
Tom calls in Mai, Akiko and the Shinobi Ghost army to fight the Lord of Fire. The all-powerful demon can't be defeated - uness Tom can get the Element Gems back and turn the other Lords of Pain against the traitor.
The entropy of bones : a novel
Three down: Two to go! Tom must face The Lord of the Typhoon - the winged monster that killed his father. Can Tom get his revenge?
What does a pathetic class of misfits have in their arsenal to combat their schoolteacher’s alien technology, bizarre powers and...tentacles?! Ever caught yourself screaming, "I could just kill that teacher"? What would it take to justify such antisocial behavior and weeks of detention? Especially if he's the best teacher you've ever had? Giving you an "F" on a quiz? Mispronouncing your name during roll call...again? How about blowing up the moon and threatening to do the same to Mother Earth—unless you take him out first?! Plus a reward of a cool 100 million from the Ministry of Defense! Okay, now that you're committed... How are you going to pull this off? The Grim Reaper sets up a lethal trap that buries Mr. Karasuma and Ms. Vitch alive. Will Mr. Karasuma’s repressed feelings surface before he and Ms. Vitch do? And how will Mr. Karasuma face Death? Then, despite his vow to destroy the planet in March, Koro Sensei offers career counseling to his students. Nagisa’s professional goal raises some serious issues. And finally, it’s time for the next school festival showdown. Class A and Class E compete for the most customers. If they build it, will they come…to the top of 3-E’s remote mountaintop?
The Lord of the Typhoon
Starting with the essential concepts, including Victim Control and Reversal of Energy, you will learn how to perform all of the following moves: slapping, punching, kicking, strangling, pulling and pushing, falling, locking, blocking. Each technique is clearly described, extensively illustrated, and accompanied by online videos demonstrating it in slow motion and at full speed. Also included are chapters on understanding and conveying your character's pain, and creating and rehearsing your own fight sequence. For those already trained in stage combat, it will serve as a comprehensive reminder of what you have learned, and supplement your ongoing training. For amateur, fringe and student companies, the book offers a thorough understanding of the practicalities of staging a fight, but also helps you to recognise when you may need to call upon the services of a qualified professional. Whatever your current level of experience, Stage Combat: Unarmed is the essential book for directors, actors, students and teachers, or indeed anyone looking to incorporate safe, effective stage fights into their productions.
Swordfighting : for writers, game designers and martial artists
The art of armed and unarmed stage combat thrills actors and audiences alike the world over. This book details many of the foundational techniques used by actors studying stage combat and actor-movement disciplines. A variety of specific training exercises are described that connect the actor's imagination to a cohesive and meaningful actor-training curriculum – integrating stage combat with the actor's process of developing a fully embodied awareness of the physical life of the character. Developing physical awareness and dexterity is an essential component of an actor's training and rehearsal processes. Engagement, connection, the ability to listen and respond with authenticity, clarity, flexibility, intentionality, tactical response, variety are all helpful aspects for the actor studying combat movement. With practical exercises and expert advice, Stage Combat Arts allows the actor to further hone their emotional connection and extension, breath and voice, intention and focus, movement and freedom, and their ability to connect physically to imagery and text – disciplines that are at the foundation of actor-training - all through the art of combat movement.
Deadpool's art of war
The armada
Bones of the Hills
The Art of Unarmed Stage Combat is your guide to the principles and techniques of theatrical violence, combining detailed discussions of the mechanics of stage fighting with the nuances of acting decisions to make fighting styles reflect character and story. Expert Fight Director Robert Najarian offers never-before-published games and exercises that will allow you to develop the skills and concepts for performing violence for stage and screen. This title utilizes a unique system of training techniques that result in stage violence that is both physically engaging for you as a performer, while remaining viscerally engaging for the audience.
Improving the performance of a dismounted Future Force Warrior by means of C4I2SR
Samurai wisdom : lessons from Japan's warrior culture : five classics texts on Bushido
Tom's survived his duel with the Lord of the Mountain. Now he must face the Lord of the Void - the king of darkness, with a heart as black as his armor. Will Tom manage to defeat this Lord?
In his third duel Tom faces the Lord of Tears, who's as fast as lightning and twice as deadly. Will Tom survive the fight to continue in the Contest?
Outnumbered, outgunned, undeterred : twenty battles against all odds
Empire of silver : the epic story of the Khan dynasty
Deadpool's Art of war
When the body becomes all eyes : paradigms, discourses and practices of power in kalarippayattu, a South Indian martial art
The night circus : a novel
THE WAY TO THE MARTIAL ARTS
Assassination Classroom. 13. Time for a little career counseling
The last airbender
The entropy of bones
The samurai : a military history
In the name of Rome : the men who won the Roman empire
The Black Lotus
The Lord of the Mountain
Swordsmen : the martial ethos in the three kingdoms
The Times history of war
Academy of theatrical combat : basics level 1 : cutlass, broadsword, hand to hand, quarterstaff
The Scandinavian Baltic crusades, 1100-1500
The Roman army. : the greatest war machine of the ancient world
Stage combat arts : an integrated approach to acting, voice and text work + video
In Saint George's name : an anthology of medieval German fighting arts
The ancient mariners
Daoist nei gong : the philosophical art of change
Engineering principles of combat modeling and distributed simulation
Pride and prejudice and zombies : the classic regency romance - now with ultraviolent zombie mayhem
Warriors and warfare in ancient and medieval times
The medieval soldier : 15th century campaign life recreated in color photographs
T'ai chi step by step : a fully illustrated teaching plan, shown in over 250 photographs
The Lord of the Void
The battle atlas of ancient military history
The art of unarmed stage combat
The illustrated guide to viking martial arts
Fight direction : for stage and screen
Samurai weapons : tools of the warrior
From Mahan to Pearl Harbor : the imperial Japanese navy and the United States
Fighting techniques of the early modern world, AD 1500 - AD 1763 : equipment, combat skills and tactics
Battle : a history of combat and culture
The age of Hippotoxotai : art of war in Roman military revival and disaster (491-636)
Empire of silver
Maritime strategy and continental wars
Tom Yamada seems like any 15-year-old but he's actually a supreme martial artist, training to face a terrifying challenge when he turns 30. It's his destiny to fight the 5 Lords of Pain - demons who have been trying to break into our world for centuries. But something's gone wrong. Tom must face the 5 Lords now - and no way is he ready. If he loses, a new Dark Age will begin.
Vanquished : crushing defeats from ancient Rome to the 21st century
Sieges of the English Civil Wars
Mountain warfare and other lofty problems : foreign perspectives on high-altitude combat
The Lord of Fire
