http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24823 islamophobia
islamophobia
Islamophobia
The video Three things about Islam : Islamophobia online or a religious dialogue?
The annoying difference : the emergence of Danish neonationalism, neoracism, and populism in the post-1989 world
Muslims Are Coming
Islamic movements of Europe : public religion and islamophobia in the modern world
"In Islam Through Western Eyes, Jonathan Lyons unpacks Western habits of thinking and writing about Islam, conducting a careful analysis of the West's grand totalizing narrative across one thousand years of history. He observes the discourse's corrosive effects on the social sciences, including sociology, politics, philosophy, theology, international relations, security studies, and human rights scholarship. He follows its influence on research, speeches, political strategy, and government policy, preventing the West from responding effectively to its most significant twenty-first-century challenges: the rise of Islamic power, the emergence of religious violence, and the growing tension between established social values and multicultural rights among Muslim immigrant populations."--Jacket.
Teaching controversial issues in the classroom : key issues and debates
Xenophobia and Islamophobia in Europe
The Muslims are coming! : Islamophobia, extremism, and the domestic war on terror
Why Muslim integration fails in Christian-heritage societies
"Are anti-Muslim attitudes becoming the spectre that is haunting Europe? Is Islamophobia as widespread and virulent as is made out? Or do some EU societies appear more prejudiced than others? To what extent are European fears about unmanaged immigration the basis for scapegoating Muslim communities? And is there an anti-elitest dimension to Europeans' protest about rapid demographic change occurring in their countries? This cross-national analysis of Islamophobia looks at these questions in an innovative, even-handed way, steering clear of politically-correct clichés and stereotypes. It cautions that Islamophobia is a serious threat to European values and norms, and must be tackled by future immigration and integration policy. First comprehensive study of Islamophobic attitudes in Europe: traces their origins and identifies their consequences. Comparative analysis of the roots of European xenophobia and its destructive consequence in the rise and spread of anti-Muslim attitudes. Explores the growing opposition to immigration across Europe, with a special focus on the cases of France and Germany. Textbook features include tables of 530comparative data and sidebars illustrating key issues".
Islamophobia : the challenge of pluralism in the 21st century
Islamophobia and the politics of empire
American Civil Religion and Muslims : a Discourse Analytical Study of Park51 Controversy in the New York Times
Muslims and crime : a comparative study
Teaching against Islamophobia
Varieties of right-wing extremism in Europe
If the oceans were ink : an unlikely friendship and a journey to the heart of the Quran
Why the west fears Islam : an exploration of Muslims in liberal democracies
Islamophobia, victimisation and the veil
Global islamophobia : Muslims and moral panic in the West
The myth of the Muslim tide : do immigrants threaten the West?
Race, racism and social work : contemporary issues and debates
In the tracks of Breivik : far right networks in Northern and Eastern Europe
"From the author of prize-winning Arrival City, a controversial and long-overdue rejoinder to the overblown fears of an Islamic threat that have spread throughout America and Europe and threaten our basic values. The July 2011 shooting spree in Norway shocked the world, especially when it emerged that the killer had written a 1,500-page manifesto denouncing the impact of Islam on Western society. While Anders Breivik was almost certainly insane, he was motivated by an extreme opposition to Islam that has pervaded segments of Western culture. In The Myth of the Muslim Tide, Doug Saunders offers a brave challenge to these ideas, debunking popular misconceptions about Muslims and their effect on the communities in which they live. He demonstrates how modern Islamophobia echoes historical responses to earlier immigrant groups, especially Jews and Catholics. Above all, he provides a set of concrete proposals to help absorb these newcomers and make immigration work. The most important trend of the twenty-first century will be a massive global migration to cities, much of it by Muslims. Rather than responding with fear and resentment, this book shows us how to benefit from this inevitable change"-- Provided by publisher
Islamophobia as the New McCarthyism : a comparative critical discourse analysis
How the workers became muslims : immigration, culture, and hegemonic transformation in Europe
Islam through Western eyes : from the crusades to the war on terrorism
Thinking through islamophobia
Writing in the beginning of the 1980s, Ernesto Laclau and Chantal Mouffe explored possibilities for a new socialist strategy to capitalize on the period's fragmented political and social conditions. Two and a half decades later, Ferruh Yilmaz acknowledges that the populist far right—not the socialist movement—has demonstrated greater facility in adopting successful hegemonic strategies along the structural lines Laclau and Mouffe imagined. Right wing hegemonic strategy, Yilmaz argues, has led to the reconfiguration of internal fault lines in European societies. Yilmaz's primary case study is Danish immigration discourse, but his argument contextualizes his study in terms of questions of current concern across Europe, where right wing groups that were long on the fringes of “legitimate” politics have managed to make significant gains with populations typically aligned with the Left. Specifically, Yilmaz argues that socio-political space has been transformed in the last three decades such that group classification has been destabilized to emphasize cultural rather than economic attributes. According to this point-of-view, traditional European social and political cleavages are jettisoned for new “cultural” alliances pulling the political spectrum to the right, against the corrosive presence of Muslim immigrants, whose own social and political variety is flattened into an illusion of alien sameness.
