http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24887 aorta
aorta
Remote ischemic precondition before hypothermic circulatory arrest in a porcine model : a special reference to oxidative stress
Effect of MC1288, a vitamin D analogue, on lymphocyte proliferation in vitro and rat aortic allograft arteriosclerosis in vitro
Endovascular treatment of thoracic aortic diseases
Clinical and experimental studies on cardiomyocyte apoptosis in ischemia-reperfusion injury and myocardial protection during cardiac surgery
Effect of mycophenolate mofetil on allograft arteriosclerosis (chronic rejection)
Intermittent claudication and abdominal aortic aneurysm : effects of lifestyle and antioxidant supplementation
Efficacy of the Perceval sutureless aortic valve bioprosthesis in the treatment of aortic valve stenosis
Molecular link between lipid metabolism and energy homeostasis
Natriuretic peptides in sheep with pressure overload left ventricular hypertrophy
Molecular profiling of calcific aortic valve disease
Long-term results of endovascular aortic repair
A vitamin D analog, MC1288, inhibits adventitial inflammation and suppresses intimal lesions in rat aortic allografts
Determinants of outcome in adult cardiac surgery
Beneficial effects of vitamin D and angiotensin II receptor blocker on arterial damage
Remote ischemic preconditioning as a means to protect the brain against hypothermic circulatory arrest : an experimental study on piglets
Causes and consequences of delay in vascular surgery
Vascular surgery and endovascular therapy
Evaluation of transcatheter aortic valve implantation candidates using computed tomography
Expanding the indications for the use of levosimendan : clinical studies in adult patients and experiments in pigs
Aortic valve stenosis (AS) is one of the most diffuse valvular diseases in developed countries. AS is a progressive disease, which usually results in serious life-threatening adverse events. Defining a treatment strategy for AS is a focus of cardiovascular research, although the topic is still controversial because of its related clinical and economical implications.Surgical aortic valve replacement (AVR),which is regarded as the gold standard for the treatment of severe symptomatic AS, affords excellent results, particularly in asymptomatic patients with good functional status. AVR requires the institution of cardiopulmonary bypass and aortic cross-clamping, and the duration of these procedures is directly associated with increasing morbidity and mortality, especially in patients with preoperative comorbidities.Accordingly, techniques aimed at decreasing the duration of cardiopulmonary bypass and aortic cross-clamping have the potential to improve postoperative outcomes of AVR.In the present study, we demonstrated that the Perceval sutureless bioprosthesis could significantly reduce the duration of the surgical procedure. This was associated with improved immediate postoperative outcomes and long-term freedom from adverse events.The use of a Perceval sutureless bioprosthesis can facilitate AVR through minimally invasive approaches and is associated with fewer transfusions of packed red cells compared to full sternotomy approaches, even with traditional stented bioprostheses. It could be expected that patients at intermediate-high risk would benefit more from the combination of a fast surgical procedure, performed with reduced surgical invasiveness.When compared to transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI), the Perceval sutureless bioprosthesis was associated with increased incidence of device success as well as less paravalvular leak, with similar immediate and1-year outcomes.Finally, AVR with the Perceval sutureless bioprosthesis provided excellent hemodynamics at rest and under high workload. The significant increase of effective orifice area under stress suggests that the Perceval sutureless bioprosthesis is the valve of choice for patients with small aortic annuli or when prosthesis-patient mismatch is anticipated.
Endothelial factors in the pathogenesis of aortic valve stenosis
Genetic and molecular background of ascending aortic aneurysms
Thoracic emergencies
Mycophenolate mofetil (MMF, RS-61443) inhibits inflammation and smooth muscle cell proliferation in rat aortic allografts
Carboxyterminal telopeptide structures of type I collagen in various human tissues
The vulnerable brain and very preterm infants : findings from the PIPARI-study
Coronary artery disease (CAD) is the leading cause of death in developed countries. In patients with complex CAD, coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) remains the preferred treatment as it can provide long-lasting results. However, CABG carries a significant risk of excessive perioperative bleeding and other complications, which may deteriorate the prognosis. Transfusion of blood products is generally used to compensate blood loss. However, both bleeding and blood transfusions have been shown to be associated with an adverse outcome.This cohort study aimed to clarify the impact of perioperative bleeding and the use of different blood products in the development of perioperative complications in 2,764 patients undergoing isolated CABG. The universal definition of perioperative bleeding classification (UDPB) was employed to stratify the severity of bleeding. Additionally, the impact of storage time of transfused red blood cells (RBCs) on the outcome was investigated.Increased UDPB classes, particularly classes 3 and 4, were associated with significantly poorer immediate and late outcome. RBC transfusion in patients who underwent elective off-pump CABG was independently associated with increased troponin I release indicating myocardial injury. Prolonged storage duration of transfused RBCs did not affect immediate and late outcome of patients with moderate bleeding. The most remarkable risk factors for stroke after off-pump CABG were any degree of atherosclerosis of the ascending aorta as well as transfusion of platelets and/or solvent/detergent-treated plasma.The UDPB classification appears to be a promising research tool to stratify the severity of perioperative bleeding and to assess its prognostic impact after coronary surgery. Prevention of major bleeding that leads to blood transfusion may protect from myocardial injury and stroke and possibly result in better ea rly and late outcomes. Patients with a diseased ascending aorta could be considered at high risk of stroke because of their risk of generalized atherosclerosis. In case of mildly diseased aorta, the “no-touch” aorta policy should be considered with the intention of preventing postoperative stroke.
Characterization of non-collagenous extracellular matrix proteins in cardiac and aortic valve remodelling
Pathobiology of healing response after endovascular treatment of intracranial aneurysms : paradigm shift from lumen to wall oriented therapy
Natural history of aortic valve stenosis of varying severity in the elderly
Inhibition of early chronic rejection in rat aortic allografts by Mycophenolate mofetil (RS61443)
Calcific aortic valve disease (CAVD) is the most common valvular heart disease in the Western world. Although it shares mainly the same risk factors as coronary heart disease (CHD), i.e. similar initial events in both diseases but with time, they lead to different clinical outcomes. Thus, when it affects the coronary arteries, the disease leads to an obstructive or rupture-prone plaque whereas in the aortic valve, it causes massive calcification and ossification. This obstructs the blood flow from the left cardiac ventricle, causing myocardial hypertrophy, and if left untreated, heart failure and death. Many of the pathobiological differences between CAVD and CHD remain unknown. Currently, there are no effective lifestyle- or pharmacologic treatments for CAVD and the only therapy is a valve replacement operation. In this thesis, several studies utilizing large-scale methods were undertaken to profile the molecular events leading to CAVD. Surgically removed valves from patients in different stages of the disease were obtained and gene transcripts, microRNA-molecules and several proteins were identified as being differentially expressed. Several of these were investigated further, including two pro-inflammatory CC-type chemokine ligands 3 and 4 (CCL3 and CCL4), microRNA-125b, several granzyme-proteins and heat-shock protein 90. The results of this thesis provide a large dataset of hundreds of molecular changes associated with CAVD. It is proposed that they can be used as a basis for the generation of new hypotheses and assist in the design of experiments to clarify the mechanisms driving CAVD.
The abdominal aortic aneurysm : genetics, pathophysiology, and molecular biology
TIM family molecules in hematopoiesis
Mechanisms of angiogenesis and lymphangiogenesis in calcific aortic valve stenosis
Pituitary and adrenal response to critical illness
Application of computational fluid dynamics in modelling blood flow in human thoracic aorta
Mechanism of action of 15-deoxyspergualin in allograft arteriosclerosis in rat aortic transplants
Perioperative bleeding and use of blood products in coronary artery bypass grafting
