http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24817 sex
sex
Sex criminals. Volume three, Three the hard way
Slap and tickle
Generation Z : their voices, their lives
Genetic diversity in populations of asexual and sexual bag worm moths (Lepidoptera: Psychidae)
After we collided
Sex and the Japanese : the sensual side of Japan
Desiring the 'other' : prostitution clients on a transnational red-light district in the border area of Finland, estonia and Russia
Dare to rock
Sex criminals. Volume 2, Two worlds, one cop
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
Augustine of Hippo is considered the most influential theologian in the history of the Church in the West. Augustine developed a sexual ethic that became decisive for later teachings on issues of marriage, reproduction and sexuality. Some of the most significant passages are reproduced here.
An introductory guide to the sacred sexuality practices of modern schools of Tantra, and how you can use them to find meaning and healing in physical relationships.
Mating in captivity : reconciling the erotic and the domestic
By the mid-1990s feminist theorists and critics began to challenge conventional thinking about sex difference and its relationship to gender and sexuality. Scholars such as Anne Fausto-Sterling and Judith Butler troubled the sex-gender/nature-nurture divide. Some have asserted that these questions about sex are much too abstract to contribute to a valuable understanding of the material politics faced by feminist movements. In A Question of Sex, Kristan Poirot challenges this assumption and demonstrates that contemporary theories about sex, gender, identity, and difference compel a rethinking of the history of feminist movements and their rhetorical practices. Poirot focuses on five case studies - the circulation of Sojourner Truth's “Ain't I a Woman?” in early and contemporary feminist contexts; the visual rhetorics of the feminist self-help health movement; the public discourse of Elizabeth Cady Stanton and early nineteenth-century ideas about suffrage, sex, and race; the conflicts over lesbian sexuality in the 1960s and 1970s; and the discourse that surrounds twenty-first-century SlutWalks. In the process, Poirot rethinks the terms through which we understand U.S. feminist movements to explore the ways feminism has questioned sexed distinctions and practices over time.
Motherhood and infertility in Ireland : understanding the presence of absence
Sex, tourism and the postcolonial encounter : landscapes of longing in Egypt
Dirty minds : how our brains influence love, sex, and relationships
R. Crumb's sex obsessions
The re-do list (gag reel) ; Deleted scenes ; Commentary with director Maggie Carey and Bill Hader ; Dirty mouth featurette ; Maggie Carey: directing her to-do list
Pleasure's all mine : a history of perverse sex
Wagner and the erotic impulse
How to create chemistry with anyone : 75 ways to spark it fast and make it last
You will die : the burden of modern taboos
Sex from Plato to Paglia : a philosophical encyclopedia
The autonomy of pleasure : libertines, license, and sexual revolution
Garden of the flesh
The Wild Boys
On the meaning of sex
Sex for life : from virginity to Viagra, how sexuality changes throughout our lives
American Savage : insights, slights, anf fights on faith, sex, love, and politics
Better sex in no time : an illustrated guide for busy couples
Couple relationships in the 21st century
Sex, scandal and sermon in fourteenth-century Spain : Juan Ruiz's Libro de Buen Amor
Dangerous women, deadly words : phallic fantasy and modernity in three Japanese writers
When you love someone, how does it feel? And when you desire someone, how is it different? In Mating in Captivity, Esther Perel looks at the story of sex in committed couples. Modern romance promises it all - a lifetime of togetherness, intimacy and erotic desire. In reality, it's hard to want what you already have. Our quest for secure love conflicts with our pursuit of passion. And often, the very thing that got us to into our relationships - lust - is the one thing that goes missing from them. Determined to reconcile the erotic and the domestic, Perel explains why democracy is a passion killer in the bedroom. Arguesfor playfulness, distance, and uncertainty. And shows what it takes to bring lust home. Smart, sexy and explosively original,Mating in Captivity is the monogamist's essential bedside read.
Mating in captivity : sex, lies and domestic bliss
Sexual politics in the church of England 1857-1957
City of desires - a place for God? : practical theological perspectives
Transgressive sex : subversion and control in erotic encounters
Welfare reform and sexual regulation
Sexual interactions
Produced in response to the growing international demand for information, this book details the latest research in understanding and controlling violent and sexual offences. Increasing numbers of psychologists are now studying and working with offenders to the advancement of forensic psychology. Chapters cover contributions from ten different countries and are grouped into three sections dealing with risk assessment, sex offenders and offences and violent offenders and offences. The first section discusses the progress that has been made towards making accurate decisions about the risk that an individual poses to the community and emphasises the need to draw on both clinical experience and research. The second section explores understandings and investigations of sexual offences including discussion on: American commitment laws for sexually violent predators; the status of "recovered memories" in criminal trials; factors influencing delays in reporting sexual abuse; a model of rapists' accounts of their offences; and situational factors in sexual offending. The final section on violent offenders and offences includes discussion on: criminal careers; domestic violence; mutiliation-murder in Japan; offender profiling; and sentencing of homicide cases. This book will be of interest to scholars in criminology, psychology and forensic psychiatry and to policy-makers and practitioners who deal with sexual and violent offences.
St. Augustine on marriage and sexuality
Couple Relationships in the 21st Century presents an incisive and engaging account of love, intimacy and personal life in contemporary Western society. The authors draw on rich qualitative and large-scale survey data to explore how couples communicate with each other, negotiate the pressures and pleasures of parenthood, and the vagaries of sexual desire and intimacy across life course. Focusing on 'the everyday', this book unpicks the ordinary and often mundane relationship work that goes into sustaining a relationship over time, breaking down the dichotomy between enduring relationships of quality and good enough or endured relationships. It contests the separation of couples into distinct relationship types - defined through age, parenthood or sexuality. Looking through the lens of relationship practices it is clear that there is no 'normal couple': couples are what couples do. Providing an invaluable critical insight on contemporary experiences of coupledom, this book will be essential reading for scholars and students, clinicians working in couple and family therapy, or those simply interested in couple relationships and how they work.
Illustrated by revealing interviews with women and men in the tourist resorts in the Sinai, Egypt, this book is ostensibly about western women who sleep with 'native' men while on holiday. Broadening the scope of issues involved, it examines the link between these holiday romances and a much wider romanticism of place and people – of the landscapes of paradise, deserts and the lure of the Bedouin sheikh – that are used to sell these destinations. It argues that the romantic stereotyping and deliberate positioning of 'Third World' resorts as places that somehow exist outside of the modernities the women come from is inextricably bound up in the relationships. Similarly, for the local man the tourist resort is perceived as a place other than his own cultural space and time and represents a modernity that is otherwise only found in the 'West'. The relationships that ensue can therefore only occur because the tourist resort acts as an intermediate space. In analyzing the interaction of these men and women within the context of modernity, the book provides insights into gender issues to do with globalization, travel and sexuality, as well as opening up the debate on sex tourism and showing this to be a lot more ambiguous and complicated than it might at first appear.
Part confessional, part drunken-rant-on-the-bus, Girl on the Net guides us through the lessons a thirty-something sex blogger has learned about sex and love. This book takes us on a journey that begins with a happy ending and goes swiftly downhill from there, dismantling some of our myths about romance along the way as she weaves her own relationship issues and surprises through candid personal stories and weird facts gathered from three years of sex blogging.
How to make love like a porn star : a cautionary tale
A-Z of growing up, puberty and sex
Human Trafficking and Tourism   : Case: Thailand in the Media
Raunchy business : hot nuts & lollypops
Sex and violence : issues in representation and experience
Neon Wasteland : on love, motherhood, and sex work in a rust belt town
The encyclopedia of sexual behavior
"Unprotected texts will directly and pointedly address widely shared misconceptions about biblical writings and sex, arguing that the Bible cannot--and should not--serve as a rulebook for sexual morality, despite popular claims to the contrary. This is a major book by a top biblical scholar that will shed much-needed light on what the Bible actually says about sex, desire, monogamy, homosexuality, and how we should interpret those thorny verses today. Written over the course of more than 2,000 years, the books of the Bible offer many different-and conflicting-versions of sexual morality. With clarity and precision, Knust addresses the big questions people continue to ask when it comes to sex and the Bible: Is pre-marital sex a sin? When, and in what contexts, is sexual desire appropriate? With whom can I legitimately have sex? Are same-sex relations permissible? What about multiple partners? Is extra-marital sex always wrong? And what is "sex" anyway? With repeated "ah-ha" moments for the reader, Knust reveals what the Bible really says about a topic of perennial interest".
Why sex matters : a Darwinian look at human behaviour
The truth : an uncomfortable book about relationships
Flame of Yahweh : sexuality in the Old Testament
Tangled in the web : understanding cybersex from fantasy to addiction
Finnish men buying sex in Finland and Estonia
Growing into sex
Gender, sexuality, and syphilis in early modern Venice : the disease that came to stay
Striptease culture : sex, media and the democratization of desire
Armchair guide to the Middle East. Vol. 3, Women in islam
Sex in the Bible : a new consideration
The lusty lady
Christianity and sexuality in the early modern world : regulating desire, reforming practice
Studying sexualities : theories, representations, cultures
The sex factor : the essential teen guide
Platform
Sleeping better together : how both of you can get a better night's rest
More than just friends? : A cross-cultural study on Finnish and American friends with benefits relationships
To be a man : a guide to true masculine power
Sex and disability
How does Shakespeare's treatment of human sexuality relate to the sexual conventions and language of his times? Pre-eminent Shakespearean critic Stanley Wells draws on historical and anecdotal sources to present an illuminating account of sexual behaviour in Shakespeare's time, particularly in Stratford-upon-Avon and London. He demonstrates what we know or can deduce of the sex lives of Shakespeare and members of his family. He also provides a fascinating account of depictions of sexuality in the poetry of the period and suggests that at the time Shakespeare was writing most of his non-dramatic verse a group of poets catered especially for readers with homoerotic tastes. The second part of Shakespeare, Sex, - and Love focuses on the variety of ways in which Shakespeare treats sexuality in his plays and at how he relates sexuality to love. Wells shows that Shakespeare's attitude to sex developed over the course of his writing career, and devotes whole chapters to 'The Fun of Sex' - to how he raises laughter out of the matter of sex in both the language and the plotting of some of his comedies; portrayals of sexual desire; to Romeo and Juliet as the play in which Shakespeare focuses most centrally on issues relating to sex, love, and the relationship between them; to sexual jealousy, traced through four major plays; 'Sexual Experience'; and 'Whores and Saints'. A final chapter, 'Just Good Friends' examines Shakespeare's rendering of same-gender relationships.
Avery Dare lives a quiet life in Miami as an online fashion/makeup video blogger. She has good friends, a close, large family and if her love life is lacking, she likes it that way. But when she receives an invitation to one of her ex's concerts along with an invitation to meet him back stage, she decides to take the risk...and comes face to face with the reality of his rock star lifestyle -- the press, the crowds, and the half naked groupies. When Avery is threatened by a stalker, it becomes evident Grey's fans not only don't want him to retire, they don't want Avery in his life either. And Avery isn't sure she wants the pressures that are part of Grey's life...but she doesn't want to lose him again, either.
Birth & Sex : The power and the passion
My horizontal life : meet Chelsea. One girl behaving very, very badly..
Conjugal chastity in Pope Wojtyla
A unique study of how syphilis, better known as the French disease in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, became so widespread and embedded in the society, culture and institutions of early modern Venice due to the pattern of sexual relations that developed from restrictive marital customs, widespread migration and male privilege.
When women sexually abuse men : the hidden side of rape, stalking, harassment, and sexual assault
So it turns out Jon and Suzie aren't alone - other people around the world, like them, freeze time when they climax. A self-appointed group wants to regulate and control them through fear and intimidation. Jon and Suzie are falling in love and want their freak flags to fly, but if they're going to fight back they can't do it alone. And really, isn't that a metaphor for the whole series? That we might all be alone but we're all alone together? I think so.
Sex and drugs before rock 'n' roll : youth culture and masculinity during Holland's Golden Age
Tantra : how our relationships can become a path for spiritual growth
Pleasure and health by education, counselling and treatment : Nordic Association for Clinical Sexology NACS 2012
Shakespeare and Renaissance literature before heterosexuality
Between desire and pleasure : a Deleuzian theory of sexuality
Bonk : the curious coupling of sex and science
Enjoy sex : (how, when and if you want to) : a practical and inclusive guide
Prostitution as a social issue : the experiences of Russian women prostitutes in the Barents Region
The Tao of sexology : the book of infinite wisdom
Madwoman of the sacret heart
Legitimizing sex and empowerment : an interpretation of narratives on sex trade in Thailand
Shadows of voluntourism and the connection to orphanage business in Asia and Cambodia
Shakespeare, sex, and love
Sex and violence : the meanings and gendering of sex acts in the treatment groups for intimately violent heterosexual men
A little white death
This book is gay
Asking for it
Beaver Street : a history of modern pornography : from the birth of phone sex to the skin mag in cyberspace : an investigative memoir
Letting loose : how women use sex and sexuality as a tool for humour : a qualitative study of the daytime talkshow Loose Women
Human sexuality
The faux gourmet : a single woman's confession on food and sex
The truth about Alice
It follows
What is the meaning of sex? Everyone in every time and place is interested in sex. Our own time is obsessed by it. One would think that a society obsessed by sex would understand it very well. But the truth of the matter is that obsession drives out understanding. We no longer understand even the common sense of sexuality, the things that were common knowledge in supposedly less enlightened times. Acclaimed philosopher J. Budziszewski remedies this problem. His wise, gracefully written book about the nature, meaning, and mysteries of sexuality restores lost wisdom, raising and answering such questions as: Does sex have to mean anything at all? What is the meaning of the sexual powers, of sexual differences, of sexual love, of sexual beauty, of sexual purity? Is sexuality all about sex ? And why does it stir up such transcendent longings for something more than sex? On the Meaning of Sex corrects the most prevalent errors about sex, particularly the errors of the sexual revolution, which by confusing pleasure for a good in itself has caused untold pain and suffering. In restoring the meaning and purpose of sex, the author reclaims what Dante calls the intelligence of love. Looking out over the sexual landscape of our time, Budziszewski writes, I see a terrain of unutterable sweetness, despoiled by unmentionable pain. Yet who knows? Perhaps it is not too late to redeem the unutterable sweetness. Shall we try to find out?
The poetry of sex
When ugly rumors and lies about Alice Franklin start after one of the guys she allegedly slept with at a party dies in a car accident, questions about truth arise in her small town.
The Sessions
Given to the goddess : South Indian devadasis and the sexuality of religion
Crimes of sexual nature perpetrated by adult females against males constitutes a serious problem in our society. A woman can rape a man, and this crime occurs far more often than most imagine. This book addresses an entire range of crimes beyond just rape, however; stalking, sexual harassment, and sexual assault, and sexual coercion are all covered in detail. The book illuminates the long-overlooked subject of adult female against adult male sex crimes. Combining personal accounts, information on criminal cases, relevant research on adult female against adult male sexual offenses, and statistical data from the FBI and other government sources, the authors comprehensively document how some women can be aggressive sexual predators, just like their male counterparts; highlight the changes in the criminal behavior of women; and provide fascinating stories of true crime as well as shocking revelations about human behavior.
The radicality of love
Sexualities : identities, behaviors, and society
Sex addiction : a critical history
Playing the whore : the work of sex work
Boxed and labelled : new approaches to packaging design
Romance on the road : traveling women who love foreign men
A question of sex : feminism, rhetoric, and differences that matter
Performing sex : the making and unmaking of women's erotic lives
Beneath the neon egg
The Pro
The mythology of S. Clay Wilson. Volume 1 : Pirates in the heartland
Reading from behind : a cultural analysis of the anus
Sexplosion : from Andy Warhol to A clockwork orange - how a generation of pop rebels broke all the taboos
Aesthetic Sexuality : a Literary History of Sadomasochism
Who and what are marriage and sex for? Whose practices and which ways of talking to god can count as religion? Lucinda Ramberg considers these questions based upon two years of ethnographic research on an ongoing South Indian practice of dedication in which girls, and sometimes boys, are married to a goddess. Called devadasis, or jogatis, those dedicated become female and male women who conduct the rites of the goddess outside the walls of her main temple and transact in sex outside the bounds of conjugal matrimony. Marriage to the goddess, as well as the rites that the dedication ceremony authorizes jogatis to perform, have long been seen as illegitimate and criminalized. Kinship with the goddess is productive for the families who dedicate their children, Ramberg argues, and yet it cannot conform to modern conceptions of gender, family, or religion. This nonconformity, she suggests, speaks to the limitations of modern categories, as well as to the possibilities of relations--between and among humans and deities--that exceed such categories.
Unprotected texts : the Bible's surprising contradictions about sex and desire
The period between 1857 and 1957 saw a transformation in Anglican sexual understanding when the established church negotiated substantial new normative interpretations of marriage, sexuality, citizenship, and priesthood. Timothy Jones demonstrates how the introduction of female voices into the previously exclusively male spheres of power transformed understandings of gender. He also delineates the impact of the Anglo-Catholic revival on Anglican sexual culture, in particular, the significance of catholic sacramentality on understandings of the relationship between the sexual and the spiritual. Sexual Politics in the Church of England exposes a surprisingly dynamic and dialogical relationship between theology, feminism, and the new sexual sciences that resists the teleologies of secularisation that dominate the histories of sexuality and Christianity in Britain. The story of Anglican sexual politics told in this book firmly rebuts contemporary notions of the Church as an inevitably reactionary institution. On the contrary, it reveals the Church's historic capacity to renegotiate gender and sexual ideologies, and shows how it was often at the forefront of sexual change in British society.
Originating at the 2011 conference of the International Academy of Practical Theology in the iconic city of Amsterdam, this volume explores the practical theological significance of desire. Although desire is central to many issues in practical theology and related disciplines, it is only rarely discussed under its own name. Three introductory chapters locate desire in concrete practices in the city and discuss the phenomenology, theology, and ethics of desire. Subsequent sections are organized around embodying desire, culturing desire, and transforming desire. The chapters include various kinds of desire, including sexuality, consumerism, and spirituality. Perspectives from different contexts and religious traditions are offered in this rich and thought-provoking book.
Sex criminals. Volume 3, Three the hard way
Sex after sixty
Sex in advertising : perspectives on the erotic appeal
Illustrated by revealing interviews with women and men in the tourist resorts in the Sinai, Egypt, this book is ostensibly about western women who sleep with ’native’ men while on holiday. Broadening the scope of issues involved, it examines the link between these holiday romances and a much wider romanticism of place and people - of the landscapes of paradise, deserts and the lure of the Bedouin sheikh - that are used to sell these destinations. It argues that the romantic stereotyping and deliberate positioning of ’Third World’ resorts as places that somehow exist outside of the modernities the women come from is inextricably bound up in the relationships. Similarly, for the local man the tourist resort is perceived as a place other than his own cultural space and time and represents a modernity that is otherwise only found in the ’West’. The relationships that ensue can therefore only occur because the tourist resort acts as an intermediate space. In analyzing the interaction of these men and women within the context of modernity, the book provides insights into gender issues to do with globalization, travel and sexuality, as well as opening up the debate on sex tourism and showing this to be a lot more ambiguous and complicated than it might at first appear.
Sexpectations girl
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Sex and violence : a novel
Addicted to love
How a bad girl fell in love
The body and the book : writings on poetry and sexuality
Du gyeobui norae = Twofold song
The sex myth : why everything we're told is wrong
Me, myself and I : all about sex and puberty
The to do list
Sexuality is an integral part of our lives, and our identities. But how do we study it? Written in a lively and accessible style, Studying Sexualities aims to introduce students to the critical study of sexuality, taking a look at the major theories, media representations, and cultural practices. After having carefully explained the key theoretical and empirical debates on the subject – outlining Foucauldian Constructionism, Psychoanalysis, and Queer Theory - the authors draw on their own original research to address timely topics related to gender, sexuality, and popular culture. Contemporary examples used within the book include discussions of sex shops, cybersex, and sex toys, the TV series Sex and the City, Will and Grace and The L Word, and the immensely popular Twilight books. Studying Sexualities is essential reading for undergraduate and postgraduate students on Cultural, Media, Film, or visual Studies, or Sociology and Sexuality courses, who are interested in researching the fascinating complexities of sexuality today.
