http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24815 FAST
FAST
When you fast... : recipes for lenten seasons
The McDonaldization of society
Start and run a fish and chip shop or burger bar
Fasts and festivals of India
The appointed festivals of YHWH : the festival calendar in Leviticus 23 and the sukkot festival in other biblical texts
Hindu festivals in a North Indian village
The Passover Seder : afikoman in exile
Medium Religion : Glaube. Geopolitik. Kunst : ZKM Museum für Neue Kunst = Medium Religion : faith. geopolitics. art : ZKM Museum of Contemporrary Art, Karlsruhe, 23.11. 2008- 19.04.2009 / Redaktion = editorial team: Evelyne Astner, Sebastian Bollmann, Bianca Girbinger
Asia's financial crisis and the role of real estate
Cross-functional conflicts in new product launches in the food industry
A feast for the eyes : art, performance, and the late medieval banquet
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014 : analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
McDonald's : behind the arches
Chinese temple festivals
The sign of the burger : McDonald's and the culture of power
Effects of aging and training on sprint performance, muscle structure and contractile function in athletes
The Jewish way : living the holidays
The American book of days
Summary.
Six explanations of the liturgical feasts by Cyrus of Edessa, an East Syrian theologian of the mid sixth century
Omer Fast : [godville : Institute of International Visual Arts, 7. - 23.10. 2005] / [interview: Gilane Tawadros]
Rough guys don't dance ; Wild thing
Dancing in the streets : a history of collective joy
Ovid, Fasti 1 : a commentary
Faith in the future
Escherichia coli O157:H7 has been recognized as human pathogen first in 1982. Its viability at lower temperatures has been proved in different in-vitro studies. It has been planned to determine the viability of inoculated E. coli O157:H7 strain in original flora of minced meat samples and original formula and microflora of hamburger patties as an actual model, during cold and frozen storage. For this purpose, minced meat and hamburger patty samples have been inoculated with 5 log cfu/g level and stored at 4.0 degrees C or -18.0 degrees C and analyzed at days 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 9 and at days 10, 20, 30, 60, 120, 180, respectively. Reduction in E. coli O157:H7 numbers were found significant in hamburger patties. E. coli O157:H7 counts have been detected as 4.90 log cfu/g at the end of the 9 days storage and 4.01 log cfu/g at the end of the 180 days of storage in hamburger patties. Nevertheless, reduction levels were not as high as reported in previous in-vitro studies. There were no significant changes in inoculated minced meat samples at both cold and frozen storage. It has been concluded that E. coli O157:H7 was more stable in minced meat and hamburger patties, which have original formula and with accompanying microbial flora, when compared to in-vitro studies. Further studies should be held in order to investigate the behavior of E. coli O157:H7 in actual food chain of hamburgers.
Photobiological studies of Baltic Sea phytoplankton
The role of Jewish feasts in John's Gospel
Fast food nation : what the all-american meal is doing to the world
Ancient China and Greece are two classical civilizations that have exerted far-reaching influence in numerous areas of human experience and are often invoked as the paradigms in East-West comparison. This book examines gender relations in the two ancient societies as reflected in convivial contexts such as family banquets, public festivals, and religious feasts. Two distinct patterns of interpersonal affinity and conflict emerge from the Chinese and Greek sources that show men and women organizing themselves and interacting with each other in social occasions intended for collective pursuit of pleasure. Through an analysis of the two different patterns, Yiqun Zhou illuminates the different sociopolitical mechanisms, value systems, and fabrics of human bonds in the two classical traditions. Her book will be important for readers who are interested in the comparative study of societies, gender studies, women's history, and the legacy of civilizations.
When the world becomes female : guises of a South Indian goddess
Bono estente! : an analysis of the mechanisms of humour in The Fast Show
Great Protestant festivals
Ceremonies of the Lhasa year
Working for McDonald's in Europe : the unequal struggle
On GPU-accelerated fast direct solvers and their applications in image denoising
Religious holidays and calendars : an encyclopedic handbook
Carnival and other Christian festivals : folk theology and folk performance
Ovid's Fasti : historical readings at its bimillennium
The power of feasts : from prehistory to the present
Marketing strategies fro multinational fast food companies in the United States and in Finland : a comparison of McDonald's and Subway
Physical properties of glass / by J.E. Stanworth
Living the Kabbalah : a guide to the Sabbath and festivals in the teachings of Rabbi Rafael Moshe Luria
The complete book of Jewish observance
Nuclear data for neutron and proton radiotherapy and for radiation protection
Property fragmentation : redistribution of land and housing during the Romanian democratisation process
The origins of feasts, fasts, and seasons in early Christianity
The English medieval feast
Cretan cults and festivals
Creating community with food and drink in Merovingian Gaul
Temple festival calendars of ancient Egypt
Playing host to deity : festival religion in the South Indian tradition
The McDonaldization of society 6
Market Entry Strategies : Case: McDonald's entry on the Russian market
Religion, power and protest in local communities : the northern shore of the Mediterranean
Hotel California
Redeeming time : the wisdom of ancient Jewish and Christian festal calendars
Starting from the seminal work of the French scholar Annie Jaubert on the date of the Last Supper, the present work revisits known - and identifies new - calendrical issues in the literature of Second Temple Judaism. The research supports the conclusion that all known calendrical traditions functioned on the tenet that orthopraxis in ancient Judaism meant close interconnection between cultic and agricultural cycles. From this perspective the book removes the calendrical objection leveled at the Jaubertian theory. Further, the research brings new light on current debates about Qumran calendrical documents and proposes the identification of a previously unknown calendrical polemic in the "Astronomical Book of Enoch" concerning the synchronization of the 364DY tradition with the lunar cycle.
Festivals, feasts, and gender relations in ancient China and Greece
Egyptian festivals : enactments of religious renewal
Studies on fast reactor kinetics and spectrum measurements
Performing the Reformation : public ritual in the city of Luther
The objective is to measure direct and indirect competitors’ operating strategies, in order to evaluate their performance and make comparisons. The results are essential information for Coyoacán restaurant that will open on November 2014 on the street of Hallituskatu number 27. The 5 companies chosen represent the median values of all the competitors under a 93.75% certainty. The chosen “Subjects of Study” are: 1) Burgeribaari Kauppuri 5 (Bar & Grill Kauppuri 5 Oy) Fast-Food/Bar 2) Fit Wok (The Wokers Oy) 3) Indian Cuisine (Katiusa Oy) 4) Kiinalainen Ravintola Flavour Palace (Suo Zi Oy) 5) Tuba Food & Lounge (Oulu Tours Gorup Oy) Fast-Food/Bar Two “Subjects of Study” represent the Fast-Food/Bar business model, which is a trend of business model that many restaurants and bars are adopting, and they seem to be as well the most successful restaurants in Oulu city center area. Information is collected throughout two main sources researched, interviews and observation. First and second hand sources such as interviews, printed and online materials. All data gathered is spread into two main categories: The Marketing Mix 4 p’s and Jim Collin’s framework. With a 93.75% of certainty this research found out that the Business Model of the Fast-Food/Bar is the most efficient. The sales of alcohol, customer service features and logistics result in highly performance numbers. Subjects of study that fit with this business model are close to tripling the Net Sales of year 2013 in comparison to the rest of the companies. There is no evidence that necessarily hamburgers and beer is the key for success. However it is interesting to point-out that there is still not a Fast-Food/Bar in Oulu that wisely uses the same business model and presents a different menu with interesting and new ideas.
A parallel radix-4 block cyclic reduction algorithm
The Role of Jewish Feasts in John's Gospel
Come before God : in prayer and solemn feast
Myosin heavy chain expression in skeletal muscle after immobilization, remobilization and altered testosterone status
Fibre type dependent expression of glucose transporters in human skeletal muscles : an immunohistochemical approach
The Mcdonaldization of society
The Jewish festivals, from their beginnings to our own day
The book of Hindu festivals and ceremonies
Enhanced communication security and mobility management in small-cell networks
FAST : Faceted Application of Subject Terminology : principles and applications
Celebrate Ramadan and Eid al-Fitr
Ritual practice in modern Japan : ordering place, people, and action
Labour relations in the global fast-food industry
Fast food : roadside restaurants in the automobile age
Coloured rice : symbolic structures in Hindu family festivals
Developments and application of neutron noise diagnostics of sodium cooled fast reactors
The Resurrection and the icon
Jewish passages : cycles of Jewish life
Fast food, fast track : immigrants, big business, and the American dream
Investigation of LaBr3(Ce) detectors at the RITU focal plane
Performanssi 2011 : [festivaalikatalogi = festival catalogue : international performance art festival, Turku, Finland, 27. - 29.5.2011] / [toimitus = edited by Jari Kallio ... [et al.]]
We all laughed at Christopher Columbus : [Stedelijk Museum Bureau Amsterdam, 21 July - 3 September 2006 : Platform Garanti Contemporary Art Center, Istanbul, 14 September - 21 October 2006] / curated by Kris Gruijthuisen, November Paynter
Resisting McDonaldization
Development of fast food advertising on television from 1990 to 2006
Land law : text, cases, and materials
A comprehensive, authoritative source of information about the calendars and holidays of the world's religions. It also provides concise information about the beliefs, practices, and history of more than 20 major religions.
Fast food markets in Finland : Burger King and the drive for healthier food
Laydhadhkii Gita = Lights for Gita
The Jewish experience of time : philosophical dimensions of the Jewish holy days
Calendrical variations in Second Temple Judaism : new perspectives on the "Date of the Last Supper" debate
Historia w sztuce = History in art : MOCAK : Muzeum Sztuki Wspólczesnej w Krakowie = Museum of Contemporary Art in Krakow, [20.5. - 25.9.2011] / [redakcja = managing editor: Maria Anna Potocka ; Wspólpraca redakcyjna = assistant managing editor: Delfina Piekarska ; teksty = texts: Hans Belting ... [et al.]]
Founding the year : Ovid's Fasti and the poetics of the Roman calendar
The McDonaldization of society 5
Case study : marketing plan for Rolls Family Oy
Intellectual property and the new global Japanese economy
Festivals in world religions
Handbook of Christian feasts and customs : the year of the Lord in liturgy and folklore
In the first three Gospels, Jesus rarely travels to Jerusalem prior to his final week. The Fourth Gospel, however, features Jesus' repeated visits to the city, which occur primarily during major festivals. This volume elucidates the role of the Jewish feasts of Passover, Tabernacles, and Dedication in John's presentation of Jesus. Gerry Wheaton examines the Gospel in relation to pertinent sources from the Second Temple and Rabbinic periods, offering a fresh understanding of how John appropriates the symbolic and traditional backgrounds of these feasts. Wheaton situates his inquiry within the larger question of Judaism in John's Gospel, which many consider to be the most anti-Semitic New Testament text. The findings of this study significantly contribute to the ongoing debate surrounding the alleged anti-Jewish posture of the Gospel as a whole, and it offers new insights that will appeal to scholars of Johannine theology, New Testament studies, and Jewish studies.
Soviet attitudes toward American writing
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014: analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
Night of the gods : Durgā pūjā and the legitimation of power in rural Bengal
Ecology & the Jewish spirit : where nature and the sacred meet
Fast-timing study of the l-forbidden 1/2+ -> 3/2+ M1 transition in 129Sn
Fast Poisson solvers for graphics processing units
SNR of two fast MRI sequences at 0.6 T and 1.5 T
Mercury in retrograde : [de Appel, Amsterdam, April 6 - June 5, 2006] / an exhibition and a book curated by Defne Ayas...[et al.]
Seasonal feasts and festivals
Fast food Nation : What the all-american meal is doing to the world
Very small cafe ́s & restaurants
The art of electronic music
Survival of Escherichia coli O157:H7 in minced meat and hamburger patties
The McDonaldization theory argued that contemporary life is succumbing to the standardisation, flexibility and predictability of fast-food service. This text engages in a critical appraisal of this thesis.
