http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2482 role models
role models
The fashioned body : fashion, dress and modern social theory
Archer has four important role models in his life - his dad, his grandfather, his uncle Paul, and his favorite teacher, Mr. McLeod. When Uncle Paul and Mr. McLeod get married, Archer's sixth-grade year becomes one he'll never forget. --
Guilty pleasures: class, gender, culture and life as they are connected to telenovelas
Swedish summary - Sammanfattning.
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
Women and leadership : the state of play and strategies for change
Quick costumes for kids : 30 great fancy-dress ideas
Gender, symbolism and organizational cultures
Swedish summary. - Sammanfattning.
Japanese femininities
"Where have all the interesting women gone? If the contemporary portrayal of womankind were to be believed, contemporary female achievement would culminate in the ownership of expensive handbags, a vibrator, a job, a flat and a man. Of course, no one has to believe the TV shows, the magazines and adverts, and many don't. But how has it come to this? Did the desires of twentieth-century women's liberation achieve their fulfilment in the shopper's paradise of 'naughty' self-pampering, playboy bunny pendants and bikini waxes? That the height of supposed female emancipation coincides so perfectly with consumerism is a miserable index of a politically desolate time. Much contemporary feminism, particularly in its American formulation, doesn't seem too concerned about this coincidence." "This short book is partly an attack on the apparent abdication of any systematic political thought on the part of today's positive, up-beat feminists. It suggests alternative ways of thinking about transformations in work, sexuality and culture that, while seemingly far-fetched in the current ideological climate, may provide more serious material for future feminism."--BOOK JACKET.
This book broadens the horizon of the longstanding scholarly interest in role models in several ways, looking beyond the more familiar famous heroes or the paternal figures, both mythological and historical, that gave inspiration to later leaders and authors. From the adoption of specific aspects of a favored role model, to the creation of new visual languages for different social groups, to the deliberate counter of common models, this collection demonstrates the importance of exemplary figures in inspiring imitation and assimilation in the creation of new identities.Featuring world-renowned scholars and essays from a broad range of fields, including literature and art and historiography, "Role Models in the Roman World" is a ground-breaking collection at the cusp of the newest scholarship of the classical world. It offers an inter disciplinary examination of the use of role models in articulating social and cultural identities in the Roman world.
”Alexander Stubb. His singing is quite incomprehensible and bad somehow” : A Study on Linguistic Role Models of Finnish Youngsters in English
Gendering the reader
I want to be a cowgirl
Leadership
All the living
Superman on the couch : what superheroes really tell us about ourselves and our society
Global medieval : mirrors for princes reconsidered
One step closer to you
Mediated girlhoods : new explorations of girls' media culture
These essays show Angela McRobbie reflecting on a range of issues which have political consequence for women, particularly young women, in a context where it is frequently assumed that progress has been made in the last 30 years, and that with gender issues now 'mainstreamed' in cultural and social life, the moment of feminism per se is now passed. McRobbie trenchantly argues that it is precisely on these grounds that invidious forms of gender -re-stabilisation are able to be re-established. Consumer culture, she argues, encroaches on the terrain of so called female freedom, appears supportive of female success only to tie women into new post-feminist neurotic dependencies.
Childhood gender atypical behavior and adult same-sex sexuality : genetic and environmental influences, and associations with recalled parent-child relationships and current psychiatric symptoms
Masculinity and the other : historical perspectives
Gender equity in the early years
The aesthetic subject : exploring the usefulness of Foucauldian tools in feminism
Co-creation of value in advertising : an interpretive study from the consumers ́ perspective
Suicidal alcoholics, meterosexual family men and other heroes? : representations of modern athletic hero
The association between parental images and satisfaction in intimate relationships in a Northern Finland sample
Soldiering and the making of Finnish manhood : conscription and masculinity in interwar Finland, 1918-1939
Patient assessment and care planning in nursing
I don't know how she does it : a comedy about failure, a tragedy about success
White dwarf : Espoo
To be a man : a guide to true masculine power
Body parts on planet slum : women and telenovelas in Brazil
Woman as design : before, behind, between, above, below
The Changing role of accountants : a field of three Finnish accounting firms
From Barbie to Mortal Kombat : gender and computer games
Advanced dungeons & dragons. Battlesystem : miniatures rules
Unruly girls, unrepentant mothers : redefining feminism on screen
Saints and sanctity
Gender and the media
One-dimensional woman
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
Boys in children's literature and popular culture : masculinity, abjection, and the fictional child
Islands of eight million smiles : idol performance and symbolic production in contemporary Japan
Why men want sex & women need love : unravelling the simple truth
The Aesthetic subject : exploring the usefulness of Foucauldian tools in feminism
The problem with boys' education : beyond the backlash
Sexing la mode : gender, fashion and commerical culture in old regime France
Language, gender and power : the politics of representation and hegemony in South Asia
Four stories of superwomen : manifestations of feminine charasteristics in succesful leading of animation productions
Harry Potter : a popular book with a group of children in Amuri School in Tampere : why?
Children s dressing up : Ideas to make in a day
"How to be a Real Gay takes its title from a series of workshops organised by gay activists in the small town of Ermelo, South Africa. Focusing on everyday practices of gayness in hair salons, churches, taverns and meeting halls, it explores the ambivalent space that homosexuality occupies in newly democratic South Africa: on the one hand, protection of gay rights is a litmus test for our Constitutional democracy, yet on the other, homosexuality is seen to threaten traditional values, customs and beliefs. This book is the first to emerge that recounts how gays in small-town South Africa negotiate this difficult symbolic terrain. How do discourses on international gay and lesbian social movements and gay equality hang together with local views on identity, gender and relationships? Why do small-town gays harness fashion, style and glamour in the making and sustaining of identity? How do economically vulnerable gays organize, access resources and create networks linking small towns to cities? How to be a Real Gay delves to the core of what it means to be other in contexts of risk, exclusion and inclusion. In its richly textured way, it also speaks to the tremendous capacity of gays to imagine and create life worlds in a harsh environment."--Publisher's website.
Gender and leisure : social and cultural perspectives
Role models in the Roman world : identity and assimilation
Being middle-class in India : a way of life
Goth culture : gender, sexuality and style
Beyond sex and gender
The roles of information systems in a value net
"Gendering the Reader" is a collection of essays which aims to explore the relationship between gender and reading/interpretation. Rather than accepting a simple argument that women interpret texts differently, the contributors to this volume are concerned to explore the way that gender does and does not make a difference in a wide variety of interpretive contexts - in film, literature, TV, art, pop-songs, advertisements and magazines. The book presents a cogent synthesis of current research across the fields of film theory, cultural studies, media analysis, literary theory and sociology. "Gendering the Reader" poses important questions not only about the reading/viewing/hearing process, but also about the nature of gender differences.
The aftermath of feminism : gender, culture and social change
Why men don't listen & women can't read maps
Men in the lives of young children ; an international perspective
Media and the make-believe worlds of children : when Harry Potter meets Pokémon in Disneyland
Gender play : girls and boys in school
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Gender and change : agency, chronology, and periodisation
The hyper(in)visible fat woman : weight and gender discourse in contemporary society
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
The best man
"In The Hyper(in)visible Fat Woman, Jeannine A. Gailey argues that women of size in North America occupy a paradoxical social position: as "fat" women they receive exceptional (critical) attention, while simultaneously their subjectivity--in terms of their own needs, desires, and lives--is erased. In this way their experience veers painfully between the hypervisible and the hyperinvisible. Gailey seeks to explore this apparent paradox through a multidimensional analysis of in-depth interviews with 74 women of size, focusing on subjects such as dieting, health, sex and dating, and identity with the women's experiences and voices at the forefront. In doing so Gailey highlights the ways some women are able to successfully subvert the dominant discourse. The resulting book fills a significant gap in the literature by emphasizing women's own experiences, and by developing a much-needed conceptual framework for analyzing marginalized bodies"--
How to be a real gay : gay identities in small-town South Africa
Acting and singing with archetypes
The central argument of this book is that the sex/gender distinction is invalid and must be transcended. To this end, the work of Foucault, Connell, Goffman, Garfinkel, Butler, Freud, Derrida, Saussure, Lacquer and Kessler and McKenna is woven into a rich and compelling set of arguments. The sex/gender distinction is attacked for producing a series of irresolvable traps. However much one tries to think one's way out of the dichotomy, one ends up being suckered back into its imponderables and blind alleys. The book attempts to comprehensively reorientate the field and redefine the terrain.
Manhood and the making of the military : conscription, military service and masculinity in Finland, 1917-39
