http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24974 criminals
criminals
There were many horses
Green manor. I : Assassins and gentlemen
The acid bath murders : the trials and liquidations of John George Haigh
Personal : a Jack Reacher novel
The boss of bosses : the life of the infamous Totò Riina dreaded head of the Sicilian mafia
Jojo's bizarre adventure. Part 1, Phantom blood. 02
Murder, mayhem and music hall : the dark side of Victorian London
Explaining two forms of Internet crime from two perspectives : toward stage theories for phishing and Internet scamming
Why we love serial killers : the curious appeal of the world's most savage murderers
The hiding place
Narcoland : the Mexican drug lords and their godfathers
Personal : [A Jack Reacher thriller]
Attack on Titan : No regrets. 1
Attack on Titan : Before the fall. 1
The ripper gene
The winter men
Funfair of fear
Injection. Volume one
Seven ways to kill a cat
A land more kind than home
Gangster warlords : drug dollars, killing fields and the new politics of Latin America
Modus operandi : a writer's guide to how crimnals work
Memoirs of a dipper : in which ... you get to learn shitloads about me and I learn fuck all about you. It's a memoir. It ain't a youmoir
Wildfire in his arms
Crime, protest, community and police in nineteenth-century Britain
Green manor. II : The inconvenience of being dead
Garden of beasts
Iron house
The magnificent seven
The night watch
Lego City undercover : Wii U
Donovan creed two up 3-4
The dangerous days of Daniel X
The Wordsworth dictionary of the underworld
The father
The con men : hustling in New York City
Young Jonathan Joestar's life is forever changed when his father takes in orphan Dio Brando, who derives pleasure from seeing others suffer, and an intense rivalry begins.
The informant
The names
She was just 17, a high school dropout named Milly Jones, found walking down the middle of the highway, engulfed in flames. Even in a tough Mississippi county like Tibbehah, it shatters the community, and it is up to Sheriff Quinn Colson, back on the job after a year away, and his deputy Lillie Virgil, to investigate what happened, and why. Before long, however, accusations start to fly; national media and federal authorities descend; and what seemed like a senseless act of violence begins to appear like something even more disturbing - with more victims waiting in the shadows.
Unemployment and gang crime : could prosperity backfire?
Thunderbolts. [Vol. 1] : Faith in monsters
Dodgers : a novel
Baby Doll
Sidney Sheldon's Reckless : a Tracy Whitney novel
The rabbit factory
Dance of ghosts
This bold and beautiful comic is full of sassy club-singing sisters who you don't wanna mess with. Introducing: Pinky, Sweets, Blackie, McQualude, and Wanda. Together they form the Mean Girls Club, a menacing powerhouse of ruthless rebels. Ryan Heshka creates a subversive comic that re-interprets images of the stereotypical 50's female and gives new and defiant voice to these ladies of leisure.
Thomas Fool alone has survived the wrath of both demon and angel, and now he faces his most thrilling and complex challenge. Troubling and deadly fires are spreading throughout Hell, and it is Fool's job to sift the ashes and find their source. The clues he finds are mysterious and unsettling, implying something different from the usual litany of cruelty he sees. But one fact is the most disconcerting: the fires have left his masters at the Bureaucracy terrified. In the midst of the chaos, Fool is sent to accompany a political delegation to Heaven. It is unprecedented for a condemned human to enter the land of the elevated, but Fool is protected as one of Hell's own. When his arrival coincides with the discovery of an impossible murder, he faces a catastrophic paradox. Violence, corruption, and fear are Hell's currency; how does one investigate evil where those concepts cannot exist? Impossible or not, the killings are real, and the evidence leads Fool deep into the contradictions of a visionary landscape, where danger can present itself in any form, and to the heart of a conspiracy with the power to upset the balance of Heaven and Hell.
The last of the innocent : a criminal edition
Death angel
A bomb built in hell : Wesley's story
House of M : Masters of evil
Eros and Thanatos
Attack on Titan : Before the fall. 2
The Devil's evidence
The eyes of Lira Kazan
Someone is willing to kill a woman for helping couples have children - and Ellie must protect her. Perfect Child is a company specialised in medically assisted procreation - for extremely wealthy customers. An activity that isn't to everyone's taste, a fact that the CEO, Ava Troy, knows full well - she's received the treats to prove it. Enter Ellie Braxton, assigned as Ava's bodyguard. Unfortunately, Ellie isn't doing too well. Her teammate and mentor, Walt, is still in a coma, and she's having many doubts about her life choices. But can she really afford such a luxury?
The outfit
Mean girls club
Deadly class. Volume 2, Kids of the black hole
25th hour - viimeinen ilta
Polar. [Volume 2], Eye for an eye
H.I.V.E. : higher institute of villainous education
Jojo's bizarre adventure. Part 1, Phantom blood. 03
Playing dead
Deceptions : a Cainsville novel
Inside Alcatraz : my time on the rock
Lawless : a criminal edition
The innocents
Love letter : Batman edition
Lego city undercover : Wii U
Just call my name
Retribution Falls : a tale of the Ketty Jay
England's glory
Until death do us part. [7]
Dodger of the dials
Orange is the new black : my year in a women's prison
The Devil's detective
The make
The severed streets
This dark road to mercy
Drive hard
Black mass : Whitey Bulger, the FBI, and a devil's deal
Yellowstone booty : also featuring Idaho George and the golden frog
Until death do us part. [6]
Wick is used to relying on herselfand only herself. But shes going to have to learn to trust someone if shes going to finally escape her demons
Your can't have my daughter : a true story of a mother's fight to save her daughter from Oxford's sex traffickers
Deadly class. Volume 1, Reagan youth
Nemesis : the hunt for Brazil's most wanted criminal
Bulletproof vest : the ballad of an outlaw and his daughter
The profession of violence : the rise and fall of the Kray twins
Polar. [Volume 1], Came from the cold
The Stainless Steel Rat
Battlefield hardline : Xbox 360
Dermaphoria
The criminal tribes, a socio-economic study of the principal criminal tribes and castes in northern India
Magic in the blood
Donovan creed two up 1-2
Payday 2 : the big score : Xbox One
Injection. Volume two
Deadly class. Volume 4, Die for me
I am not a gangster : Fixer. Armed robber. Hitman. OBE
The Bombyce network
A dangerous gunfighter. A beautiful outlaw. A thrilling pursuit. Degan Grant is heading to California, far away from the home he wants to forget, when a US Marshal calls in a favour. Degan has to apprehend three outlaws and turn them over to the law - easy enough for a man no one wants to tangle with. But one of the outlaws defies Degan's every expectation. Maxine is sassy, spirited - and insists she is innocent. And, knowing that her capture will lead to her hanging, she's determined to escape the handsome, enigmatic gunfighter.
The best American crime reporting. 2008
Dick Turpin : legends and lies
Child care and adult crime
Even dogs in the wild
Lee Raven, boy thief
Payday 2 : the big score : PS4
Deadly class. Volume 3, The snake pit
The line : what would it take to make your cross it?
The sudden arrival of violence
Attack on Titan : No regrets. 2
Donovan creed two up 7-8
One of your own : the life and death of Myra Hindley
Deviant : the story of Ed Gein, the original Psycho
The drop
Shadow rider
The Brooker
Tokyo ghost. Volume 1, The atomic garden
A dance of chaos
Dead if I don't
Women who kill : profiles of female serial killers
Perfect child
The chance
The man with the getaway face
Donovan creed two up 5-6
Storm front. Vol 1, The gathering storm
All is silence
The iron jackal : a tale of the Ketty Jay
The broker
Saint death
Crimes in southern Indiana : stories
Jojo's bizarre adventure. Part 1, Phantom blood. [01]
Violent groups and police tactics : should tear gas make crime preventers cry?
Ex-con. [Vol. 1], Fading lights
Every night I dream of hell
The pharaoh's secret
