http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24980 hereditary predisposition
hereditary predisposition
New insights into the genetic basis of colorectal cancer
Catechol-O-methyltransferase and pain in rodents and humans
Genetic risk profiles for coronary heart disease
BRCA/Fanconi anemia pathway genes in hereditary predisposition to breast cancer
Genetic predisposition to breast and ovarian cancer : BRCA 1/2-negative families
Inheritance
Perinatal factors as predictors of brain damage and neurodevelopmental outcome : study of children born very preterm
PALB2 and RAP80 genes in hereditary breast cancer predisposition
An anthropology of biomedicine
The development of immune responses and gut microbiota in children at genetic risk of type 1 diabetes
The Language of Life : DNA and the revolution in personalized medicine
Obesity, physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness in young adulthood : studies in Finnish twins
Genome-wide associations and computational search for the genetic risk factors for diabetic nephropathy
"Both tobacco smoke and asbestos fibers enter the body mainly by inhalation. In the lungs, they may evoke oxidative stress, alter the protease-antiprotease balance, induce innate and adaptive immune responses, and create persistent inflammation leading eventually to lung injury. The type and severity of lung injury induced by foreign compounds varies greatly between individuals, even with similar exposure history. These differences are believed to originate from the complex interplay between genetic, epigenetic, environmental, and life course factors. In this study, the effects of genetic variation on the risk and severity of asbestos and smoking related non-malignant pleural and pulmonary changes and lung function impairment was examined among Finnish construction workers. The studied polymorphic genes encode proteins involved in xenobiotic metabolizing, proteolytic balance, inflammation, and innate immunity; pathways that are potentially linked to asbestos and tobacco smoke exposure." -- (Back Cover)
Histological characteristics and gene expression profiling of Dupuytren's disease
On the Genetics of Intracranial Aneurysms and on Growth Factor Induced Angiogenesis in the Murine Brain
Rare Genetic Variants and Complex Diseases : a Bayesian Approach
Genetic risk factors for hereditary prostate cancer in Finland : from targeted analysis of susceptibility loci to genome-wide copy number variation study
Interplay of genetic and environmental triggers in intestinal inflammation : genetics and transcriptomics in celiac disease and inflammatory bowel disease
Genetic susceptibility factors for prostate cancer at chromosomal region 11q13.5
Variation of the PALB2 and PTEN genes and eIF4E protein expression as prognostic factors in breast cancer
Role of the RNF8, UBC13, MMS2 and RAD51C DNA damage response genes and rare copy number variants in hereditary predisposition to breast cancer
Genetic susceptibility to asbestos and tobacco smoke related non-malignant pleuropulmonary changes
Genetic risk factors for intervertebral disc degeneration
<em>PALB2</em> and <em>RAP80</em> genes in hereditary breast cancer predisposition
Identification of novel tumor predisposition families and underlying genetic defects
In quest of genetic susceptibility to disorders manifesting in fractures : assessing the significance of genetic factors in femoral neck stress fractures and childhood non-OI primary osteoporosis
Variation of the PALB2 and PTEN Genes and eIF4E Protein Expression as Prognostic Factors in Breast Cancer
Brain responses to speech sounds in infants and children with and without familial risk for dyslexia
The search for susceptibility genes in lumbar disc degeneration : focus on young individuals
Perinatal factors as predictors of brain damage and neurodevelopmental outcome:study of children born very preterm
Low back pain (LBP) is the leading cause of years lived with disabilities worldwide. Intervertebral disc (IVD) degeneration is a strong contributing factor to LBP. Recent studies have shown that genetic determinants contribute markedly to IVD degeneration but knowledge about the actual genes involved as well as their roles is still limited. The aim of this thesis work was to study genetic factors that may predispose to IVD degeneration. Using both family and case-control association study designs, variants in five genes showed association with IVD degeneration on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in a population-based sample and among patients with sciatica due to lumbar disc herniation (LDH).We performed a candidate gene association study of the known variants implicated in IVD degeneration in a Finnish cohort of 538 young individuals with a moderate degree of lumbar IVD degeneration on MRI. We were able to confirm the associations of variants in the IL6, SKT, and CILP genes, which provides further evidence for true associations. Based on our earlier linkage study in Finnish sciatica families, we performed a candidate gene analysis and identified IL17F as a potential candidate gene. To the best of our knowledge this is the first study to observe an association between this gene and discogenic sciatica. Both IL-6 and IL-17 are pro-inflammatory cytokines with elevated expression levels in herniated tissues, which suggest a role in IVD degeneration. Study of the role of genes coding for inflammatory mediators is of interest as it may contribute to the understanding of the overall inflammatory response of the disc.In addition, we reported on the involvement of SKT in the etiology of lumbar disc herniation (LDH) both in Japanese and Finnish case-control samples. Experimental studies in mice have shown that Skt homozygous mutants exhibit disc abnormalities resulting in a kinky tale phenotype. We hypothesized that the human homolog SKT could have long-term importance in the onset of IVD degeneration by making the discs more vulnerable. Finally, through linkage studies and in the subsequent association analyses, the role of CHST3 as a novel risk factor for IVD degeneration was identified. CHST3 encodes an enzyme that catalyzes the sulfation of chondroitin, and mutations in this gene are associated with spondylepiphyseal dysplasia and humerospinal dysostosis. In our study, we identified this gene using genome –wide linkage based on data from a Southern Chinese family and speculated that mild CHST3 reduction caused by the reported susceptibility SNP could result in disc degeneration in adults in conjunction with other risk factors.This thesis provides new information about the genetic background of IVD degeneration and new insights into the etiology of the disease. The specific roles of these genes in the IVD function and pathogenesis of sciatica are not clear however, and need to be elucidated.
Evolution of hermaphroditic mating systems in animals
Genetic predisposition to spontaneous preterm birth : approaches to identify susceptibility genes
Cognitive impairment in schizophrenia : related risk factors and clinical characteristics
Systems and mechanistic understanding of genetic predisposition to prostate cancer
Genes, chromosomes, and disease : from simple traits, to complex traits, to personalized medicine
Heritability of type 2 diabetes and related traits
Hereditary predisposition to breast cancer : with a focus on AATF, MRG15, PALB2, and three Fanconi anaemia genes
Dupuytren's disease is a Caucasian male-dominant disease that affects the palmar fascia. Incidence grows with age, but persons with strong diathesis seem to develop the disease at an earlier age than the majority of the diseased. Myofibroblasts are histopathologically the main cell type in DD tissue. Despite scientific research, the aetiology of the disease is still unrevealed. Only genetic susceptibility is generally accepted as predisposing to DD. Available treatment has thus far been unsatisfactory, because only symptoms can be cured to date.The disease recurs. With genetic susceptibility the recurrence rates are high (even up to 70%) and the time to recurrence is inevitably shorter. This behaviour is considered the aggressive type of DD. To be able to predict the behaviour of DD, whether it is an aggressive or conventional type, twenty-one Dupuytren samples were gathered and compared with five controls by means of immunohistochemical stainings. It was found that cellularity was better expresented in aggressive and recurred samples. Alfa-SMA and Ki-67 showed more activity in the aggressive tissue type of DD. Tenascin was vaguely expressed in aggressive-type samples.To compare the gene and protein expressions and to obtain a more profound understanding of the disease, a microarray technique was used. With a microarray it is possible to compare nucleotide pair hybridisations to resolve the genome of the tissues. In this study RT-PCR was used to examine mRNA levels to determine gene expression changes. Twelve DD palmar fascia samples were compared with three healthy control samples. Both myoglobin and ROR2, which we considered as the most valuable results, were found in the DD samples. ROR2 acts as a receptor or co-receptor for the Wnt system. The Wnt signalling pathway transfers signals from outside of the cell through cell surface receptors, and plays a significant role in proliferation processes such as in fibrotic conditions. To evaluate a possible chromosomal imbalance behind the aetiology of the disease, eighteen DD palmar fascia samples were compared with two reference samples. However, we were not able to detect any chromosomal imbalance in the DD samples. The method used was Oligonucleotide aCGH Agilent's 60-mer oligonucleotide-based microarray according to the manufacturer's instructions, which can reveal gains and losses of approximately 35 kilobases in the whole genome. The result does not exclude copy number changes entirely; a small presence of aberrant cells will not be detected if the change is less than 50%.In conclusion, we revealed elements in DD tissue that would enable us to predict the nature of the disease; whether the disease is aggressive with a stronger tendency to recur. Histological differences could be detected, and this can be used to benefit patients. As a new element, ROR2 was discovered in DD tissue. The genome-wide analysis with the 44K oligonucleotide-based array method revealed no changes of DNA number sequences.
Hereditary predisposition to breast cancer – with a focus on <em>AATF</em>, <em>MRG15</em>, <em>PALB2</em>, and three Fanconi anaemia genes
Genetic background of spontaneous preterm birth and lung diseases in preterm infants : studies of potential susceptibility genes and polymorphisms
Studies on causes of multiple sclerosis : from genes to transcriptome
A study on genetic mutations involving mitochondrial disorders : a diagnostic approach and application of human iPSCs to understand disease pathogenesis
Genetics of multiple sclerosis
Type 1 family history and gad autoantibodies in subjects without diabetes and patients with type 2 diabetes: prevalence and association with insulin deficiency and development of diabetes
Type i family history and gad autoantibodies in subjects without diabetes and patients with type 2 diabetes: prevalence and association with insulin deficiency and development of diabetes
Genetic studies on susceptibility genes in osteoarthritis
