http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24963 region mayors
region mayors
Hitler's hangman : the life and death of Reinhard Heydrich
Islamic fundamentalism : an introduction
Goering : Hitler's Iron Knight
Abstract.
The face of the Third Reich : portraits of the Nazi leadership
The statesman's yearbook 2016 : the politics, cultures and economies of the world
The end : the defiance and destruction of Hitler's Germany, 1944-1945
There is an increasing awareness that gender equality is not something that just "is" in unproblematic and natural ways, but that it may be understood and packaged in several ways, with quite different consequences. It therefore makes good sense to ask, with the authors in this book, how gender equality is understood and practised in the Nordic countries, with their avowedly good record on gender equality measures. It makes especially good sense to look closely at the consequences and difficulties that arise out of the many-faceted meanings attached to "gender" and "equality" in politics and policies, as well as in daily life. In this book, eleven Nordic scholars offer critical analyses of current dislocations, dilemmas and contradictions in the field of Nordic gender equality. They have studied issues to do with constructing state and nation, regulating political practices and producing gendered subjectivities. The authors are affiliated with universities in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden and united in seeing the need for a critical scholarly stance on Nordic gender equality policies and practices.
Studies on corporate social responsibility in the Finnish small business context
Hitler : a short biography
East Timor : beyond independence
Hitler's last day : minute by minute
Dear Leader
The answers: North Korea
The Kalamari Union : middle class in East and West
"From the preeminent Hitler biographer, a fascinating and original exploration of how the Third Reich was willing and able to fight to the bitter end of World War II. Countless books have been written about why Nazi Germany lost World War II, yet remarkably little attention has been paid to the equally vital question of how and why it was able to hold out as long as it did. The Third Reich did not surrender until Germany had been left in ruins and almost completely occupied. Even in the near-apocalyptic final months, when the war was plainly lost, the Nazis refused to sue for peace. Historically, this is extremely rare. Drawing on original testimony from ordinary Germans and arch-Nazis alike, award-winning historian Ian Kershaw explores this fascinating question in a gripping and focused narrative that begins with the failed bomb plot in July 1944 and ends with the German capitulation in May 1945. Hitler, desperate to avoid a repeat of the "disgraceful" German surrender in 1918, was of course critical to the Third Reich's fanatical determination, but his power was sustained only because those below him were unable, or unwilling, to challenge it. Even as the military situation grew increasingly hopeless, Wehrmacht generals fought on, their orders largely obeyed, and the regime continued its ruthless persecution of Jews, prisoners, and foreign workers. Beneath the hail of allied bombing, German society maintained some semblance of normalcy in the very last months of the war. The Berlin Philharmonic even performed on April 12, 1945, less than three weeks before Hitler's suicide. As Kershaw shows, the structure of Hitler's "charismatic rule" created a powerful negative bond between him and the Nazi leadership- they had no future without him, and so their fates were inextricably tied. Terror also helped the Third Reich maintain its grip on power as the regime began to wage war not only on its ideologically defined enemies but also on the German people themselves. Yet even as each month brought fresh horrors for civilians, popular support for the regime remained linked to a patriotic support of Germany and a terrible fear of the enemy closing in. Based on prodigious new research, Kershaw's The End is a harrowing yet enthralling portrait of the Third Reich in its last desperate gasps. "--
Aboa : Turun museokeskuksen vuosikirja = Åbo museicentrals årsbok = The yearbook of the Museums Centre of Turku. 71-72, 2007-2008
Russia for beginners : a foreigner's guide
The Nuremberg interviews
In this work, Laurence Rees discusses the often overlooked subject of Hitler's character and personality, examining the nature of his appeal and the role his supposed charisma played in his success.
Goebbels : a biography
Social bonds to city hall : how appointed managers enter, experience and leave their jobs in Western local government
The Dark Charisma of Adolf Hitler : leading millions into the abyss
Critical studies of gender equalities : Nordic dislocations, dilemmas and contradictions
The statesman's yearbook 2013 : the politics, cultures and economies of the world
Reinhard Heydrich is widely recognized as one of the great iconic villains of the twentieth century, an appalling figure even within the context of the Nazi leadership. Chief of the Nazi Criminal Police, the SS Security Service, and the Gestapo, ruthless overlord of Nazi-occupied Bohemia and Moravia, and leading planner of the "Final Solution," Heydrich played a central role in Hitler's Germany. He shouldered a major share of responsibility for some of the worst Nazi atrocities, and up to his assassination in Prague in 1942, he was widely seen as one of the most dangerous men in Nazi Germany. Yet Heydrich has received remarkably modest attention in the extensive literature of the Third Reich. Robert Gerwarth weaves together little-known stories of Heydrich's private life with his deeds as head of the Nazi Reich Security Main Office. Fully exploring Heydrich's progression from a privileged middle-class youth to a rapacious mass murderer, Gerwarth sheds new light on the complexity of Heydrich's adult character, his motivations, the incremental steps that led to unimaginable atrocities, and the consequences of his murderous efforts toward re-creating the entire ethnic makeup of Europe.
Hitler & America
Introduction to African religion
"Now we are a town" : chiefs, investors, and the state in Zambia's Western province
The statesman's yearbook 2015 : the politics, cultures and economies of the world
The statesman's yearbook 2014 : the politics, cultures and economies of the world
Karl Doenitz and the last days of the third reich
