http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24947 concepts of time
concepts of time
Images of time : the role of an historical consciousness of time in learning history
Lost in the shadow of the word : space, time, and freedom in interwar Eastern Europe
The culture of time and space 1880-1918
Inventing the flat earth : Columbus and modern historians
The philosophy of time : a collection of essays
Do kamo : person and myth in the Melanesian world
Time, history and the religious imaginary in South Asia
Time's arrow, time's cycle : myth and metaphor in the discovery of geological time
The timespace of human activity : on performance, society, and history as indeterminate teleological events
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Estimation of time : an experimental study : inaugural dissertation for the degree of Docktor of Philosophy ..
A brief history of the philosophy of time
Death and art Europe 1200-1530
I'm late, I'm late, said the white rabbit : on the temporal aspects of project theory
Shakespeare, theatre, and time
Pointillist, cyclical, and overlapping : multidimensional facets of time in online learning
Hartmut Rosa advances an account of the temporal structure of society from the perspective of critical theory. He identifies three categories of change in the tempo of modern social life: technological acceleration, evident in transportation, communication, and production; the acceleration of social change, reflected in cultural knowledge, social institutions, and personal relationships; and acceleration in the pace of life, which happens despite the expectation that technological change should increase an individual's free time. According to Rosa, both the structural and cultural aspects of our institutions and practices are marked by the shrinking of the present, a decreasing time period during which expectations based on past experience reliably match the future. When this phenomenon combines with technological acceleration and the increasing pace of life, time seems to flow ever faster, making our relationships to each other and the world fluid and problematic. It is as if we are standing on slipping slopes, a steep social terrain that is itself in motion and in turn demands faster lives and technology. As Rosa deftly shows, this self-reinforcing feedback loop fundamentally determines the character of modern life.
Timekeepers : How the World Became Obsessed with Time
Time and memory in indigenous Amazonia : anthropological perspectives
Mendelssohn, time and memory : the romantic conception of cyclic form
It is impossible not to discuss the question of time, at least for the philosophy of religion. However, to discuss the question of time is equally impossible, as the various perspectives presented in this volume show. Then what is time? Time is not, and yet everything is within time. Time is , but neither substance nor pure form. Being a dimension of all Being, not even God could or would withdraw from time. The authors of the contributions to this volume discuss the unavoidability of time and its paradoxes, not the least with the purpose of giving time , as a recurring topic for the philosophy of religion. Contributors: Joseph Ballan, Jonna Bornemark, Øystein Brekke, Rebecca Comay, Iben Damgaard, Arne Grøn, Jan-Olav Henriksen, Marius Timmann Mjaaland, Carsten Pallesen, Ulrik Houlind Rasmussen, Werner Stegmaier, Philipp Stoellger, Claudia Welz.
Time in the medieval world
Visual time : the image in history
The creative imagination : enlightenment to Romanticism
Spatial questions : cultural topologies and social spatialisation
"This book is a revisionist account of attempts to unify clock times, calendars, and social time, and a methodological intervention in discussions about writing global and transnational history. The book uses the reform of time between 1870 and 1950 as a lens through which to understand the dynamics of globalization. Based on research in archives around the world in multiple languages, individual chapters take the story of uniform time to France and Germany, Britain, the British Empire/German colonies/Latin America, British India, Arab elites in the Levant, Muslim scholars in Egypt, and to the League of Nations. The author shows how cross-border flows of ideas and concepts of uniform time resulted in a nationalization and regionalization of temporal identities. As a consequence, uniform, accurate clock time remained nonstandardized, unstable, and incomplete as late as the 1930s and 1940s. Calendar reform, just as vivid and vast a field of activism as clock time, never came to pass altogether due to strong national and religious objections to a uniform World Calendar. When ideas about uniform time moved across borders and continents, they often did so along lateral, informal trajectories of transmission. Local initiatives often preceded national time politics. Top-down attempts to devise time reform schemes at international conferences, to implement them nationally, and assure application in the most remote local contexts rarely succeeded. Rather, globalization disheveled such hierarchies of the international, the national, and the local. The book, then, emphasizes the importance of nationalism and states as well as attention to scale in writing the history of global flows and connections"--
Regimes of historicity : presentism and experiences of time
Time and human cognition : a life-span perspective
The developmental psychology of time
The space of time : a sensualist interpretation of time in Augustine, Confessions X to XII
The politics of citizenship tests : time, integration and the contingent polity
Gebrauch und Missbrauch des Mittelalters, 19.-21. Jahrhundert = Uses and abuses of the Middle Ages: 19th-21st century = Usages et mésusages du Moyen Age du XIXe au XXIe siècle
The Cambridge companion to medieval philosophy
Time and the French revolution : the republican calendar, 1789, year XIV
Combining in innovative ways the tools and approaches of postcolonial and popular culture studies as well as comparative literary analysis, this is an ambitious, interdisciplinary study that develops - across several related discursive sites - an argument about the centrality of time travel in the Latin American and Caribbean imagination.
Talking about time in Russian and Finnish
The promised end : eschatology in theology and literature
Time capsules : a cultural history
What is time? How has our relationship to time changed through history and how does time structure our social lives? In this introduction, Barbara Adam explores the changing ways in which time has been understood and how this knowledge is embedded in cultural practices. She takes the reader on a journey of discovery that extends from ancient mythology and classical philosophy to the contemporary social world of high-speed computer networks and globalized social relations. The book poses key questions about the nature of time, how it is conceptualized, what it means in practice and how the parameters set by nature have been transcended across the ages by the human quest for time know-how and control. It provides the reader with a good basis for understanding the role of time in contemporary social life. This book assumes no previous knowledge. Through its broad perspective and transdisciplinary approach it provides an accessible and wide-ranging introduction for students and teachers across the social sciences.
Bound-In-Tension
Time : the impact on body and soul : the XX Signe and Ane Gyllenberg Symposium, Hanasaari Congress Center, September 22-24, 2005
Beating time & measuring music in the early modern era
Time and world politics : thinking the present
As time passes by : observed motion-speed impacts psychological time during video playback
Apocalypse and post-politics : the romance of the end
Transformations of time and temporality in Medieval and Renaissance art
Abstract: Greedy murderers of Christ : images of the Jews in the Late Medieval pilgrimage accounts.
Time, communication and global capitalism
James Joyce and after : writer and time
The medieval health handbook : tacuinum sanitatis
Religion and time
The meaning of time in the study of industrial buyer-seller relationships
Arts & ideas
The human symbolic construction of reality : a psycho-phenomenological study
Man and time
Time travel in the Latin American and Caribbean imagination : re-reading history
Expression of time in the media
Time and memory : issues in philosophy and psychology
A watched pot : how we experience time
The qualities of time : anthropological approaches
Timespace : geographies of temporality
It's about time : from calendars and clocks to moon cycles and light years - a history
The project of all philosophy may be to gain reconciliation with time, even if not every philosopher has dealt with time expressly. A confrontation with the passing of time and with human finitude runs through the history of philosophy as an ultimate concern. In this genealogy of the concept of temporality, David Hoy examines the emergence in a post-Kantian continental philosophy of a focus on the lived experience of the 'time of our lives' rather than on the time of the universe. The purpose is to see how phenomenological and poststructuralist philosophers have tried to locate the source of temporality, how they have analyzed time's passing, and how they have depicted our relation to time once it has been - in a Proustian sense - regained. Hoy engages with competing theoretical tactics for reconciling us to our fleeting temporality. After discussing Kant's interpretation of time and Heidegger's productive misreading of Kant, Hoy examines the work of Hegel, Husserl, Heidegger, Merleau-Ponty, and Nietzsche, for theories of the present; draws further lessons from Gadamer, Sartre, Bourdieu, Foucault, and Bergson about the past; and analyzes in addition philosophers Deleuze, Zizek, and Derrida on the politics of the future. Then Hoy considers four existential strategies for coping with the apparent flow of temporality, including Proust's passive and Walter Benjamin's active reconciliation through memory, Zizek's critique of poststructuralist politics, Foucault's confrontation with the temporality of power, and Deleuze's account of Aion and Chronos. The study concludes by exploring whether a dual temporalization could be what constitutes the singular 'time of our lives'.
Spacetime of the imperial
Einstein's cosmos : how Albert Einstein's vision transformed our understanding of space and time
The metronomic society : natural rhythms and human timetables
Probability and moral uncertainty in late medieval and early modern times
After Mahler : Britten, Weill, Henze, and romantic redemption
When cultures collide : leading across cultures
The dance of life : the other dimension of time
History of the hour : clocks and modern temporal orders
Chronotopos monasticus : the medieval clock and the rythm of monastic life at the Mogiła Abbey near Kraków = Chronotopos monasticus : średniowieczny zegar i rytm monastycznego życia w klasztorze w Mogile koło Krakowa
New papers on the present : focus on presentism
From eternity to here : the quest for the ultimate theory of time
The clock of the long now : time and responsibility
Adrian Bardon's A Brief History of the Philosophy of Time is a short yet thorough introduction to the history, philosophy, and science of the study of time-from the pre-Socratic philosophers through Einstein and beyond. Its treatment is roughly chronological, starting with the ancient Greek philosophers Heraclitus and Parmenides and proceeding through the history of Western philosophy and science up to the present. Using illustrations and keeping technical language to a minimum, A Brief History of the Philosophy of Time covers subjects such as time and change, the experience of time, physical and metaphysical approaches to the nature of time, the direction of time, time-travel, time and freedom of the will, and scientific and philosophical approaches to eternity and the beginning of time. Bardon brings the resources of over 2500 years of philosophy and science to bear on some of humanity's most fundamental and enduring questions.
Time and the shape of history
Dimensions of time in folk narrative
The power of persuasion : how we're bought and sold
Time and the novel : the genealogical imperative
God and the nature of time
Time and space
Death in the Middle Ages
Time and the digital : connecting technology, aesthetics, and a process philosophy of time
Social acceleration : a new theory of modernity
In the first two volumes of Technics and Time, Bernard Stiegler worked carefully through Heidegger's and Husserl's relationship to technics and technology. Here, in volume three, he turns his attention to the prolematic relationship to technics he finds in Kant's Critique of Pure Reason, particularly in the two versions of the Transcendental Deduction. Stiegler relates this problematic to the "cinematic nature" of time, which precedes cinema itself but reaches an apotheosis in it as the exteriorization process of schema, through tertiary retentions and their mechanisms. The book focuses on the relationship between these themes and the "culture industry" - as defined by Adorno and Horkheimer - that has supplanted the educational institutions on which genuine cultural participation depends. This displacement, Stiegler says, has produced a malaise from which current global culture suffers. The result is potentially catastrophic.
Revolution in time : clocks and the making of the modern world
Medieval visions of heaven and hell : a sourcebook
Chronotopes of the uncanny : time and space in postmodern New York novels : Paul Auster's "City of Glass" and Toni Morrison's "Jazz"
Philosophy and Temporality from Kant to Critical Theory
Capturing the moment
What was history? : the art of history in early modern Europe
The concept of time in late Neoplatonism
Mindworks : time and conscious experience
The global transformation of time : 1870-1950
Presentism is the view that only the present exists. Eternalism, by contrast, is the view that present, past and future objects and times exist. Philosophers have been divided for centuries regarding whether reality is an ever changing present consisting of objects and events coming into and out of existence, or whether reality is composed of all that did, does, and will exist. On the one hand, presentism and the associated dynamical view of time look closer to common sense and to the way we ordinarily think and talk about past and future objects; on the other hand, there are aspects of common sense talk that are more easily accommodated by eternalism, and, arguably, eternalism is a better ?t with contemporary science. In the last two decades in analytic philosophy both positions have been defended and the literature ?ourishes with arguments for and against each of them, along with a huge family of alternative proposals.§§This proliferation of views and the many attendant discussions provides evidence for the importance of the issue in the contemporary philosophy of time. The present volume targets anyone who is interested in metaphysics and the philosophy of language, from those who are new to the philosophy of time to those whose studies are more advanced. It provides updated and re?ned research perspectives on topics such as the status of the present, the groundedness of truth, cross-temporality, the passage of time, and the methodological assumptions behind the debate between presentists and eternalists.§The book is to be read as a coherent whole and not as a series of disparate papers on a similar theme; it settles the terms and me-thelology oh the debate, weighs the costs and bene?ts of each posi-tion and considers the plausibility of alternative solutions. The papers offered are novel, and add to the literature on the philoso-phy of time, while at the same time they are written so as to focus on the core issues at play in the debate and not to get bound up in small technical side issues. This is why they are of general interest both to specialists in the philosophy of time and to those who are approaching these issues for the ?rst time. Bibliographies will be found at the end of each paper, and we hope they will constitute a helpful research tool for the reader.
Aquinas on the divine ideas as exemplar causes
"This book is a critical analysis of how key philosophers in the European tradition have responded to the emergence of a modern conception of temporality. Espen Hammer suggests that it is a feature of Western modernity that time has been forcibly separated from the natural cycles and processes with which it used to be associated. In a discussion that ranges over Kant, Hegel, Schopenhauer, Nietzsche, Heidegger and Adorno, he examines the forms of dissatisfaction which result from this, together with narrative modes of configuring time, the relationship between agency and temporality, and possible challenges to the modern world's linear and homogenous experience of time. His study is a rich exploration of an enduring philosophical theme: the role of temporality in shaping and reshaping modern human affairs".
Taming time, timing death : social technologies and ritual
The image of time : European manuscript books
Greedy murderers of Christ : images of the Jews in the Late Medieval pilgrimage accounts
Historia : the concept and genres in the Middle Ages
Technics and time. 3, Cinematic time and the question of malaise
Ada : or Ardor: a family chronicle
Chronotopes of modernity in Chekhov
The politics of time : modernity and avant-garde
The Enlightenment of age: women, letters and growing old in the French 18th century
Shadow on the steps : time measurement in ancient Israel
The time of our lives : a critical history of temporality
The story of time
Theatre & time
The spectrum of social time
Impossible time : past and future in the philosophy of religion
