http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24997 nightmares
nightmares
Neverwhere
Horrid Henrys nightmare
Stars of fortune
The shipping news
The nightmare affair
Neil Gaimanʼs Neverwhere
The boy who drew monsters : a novel
Sweet dreams, Curious George
Urban-rural differences in nightmare prevalence in Finland : a population-based study
Nicholas St. North and the battle of the Nightmare King
The dreamcatcher : an A-Z guide to your dreams and what they mean
Persecuted
The bun field
The Sandman. Volume 6 : Fables and reflections
The magicians
The nightmare encyclopedia : your darkest dreams interpreted
The Absolute Sandman : volume two
The terror that comes in the night : an experience-centered study of supernatural assault traditions
The annotated Sandman. Vol. 2, The Sandman #21-39
The hole
The Absolute Sandman : volume one
Jon for short
The Freddie stories
Dreams and nightmares : the origin and meaning of dreams
Nightmares : the science and solution of those frightening visions during sleep
The vegetarian : a novel
Mulholland Drive
The Sandman. Volume 9 : The kindly ones
The magician king
Scaredy squirrel at night
Therapy with dreams and nightmares : theory, research & practice
Angel's fury
CivilWarLand in bad decline : stories and a novella
"Could a nightmare be used as a murder weapon? That's the provocative question confronting Gurney. The former NYPD star homicide detective is called upon to solve a baffling puzzle: Four people who live in different parts of the country and who seem to have little in common, report having had the same dream--a terrifying nightmare involving a bloody dagger with a carved wolf's head on the handle. All four are subsequently found with their wrists cut--apparent suicides--and the weapon used in each case was a wolf's head dagger. Police zero in quickly on Richard Hammond, a controversial psychologist who conducts hypnotherapy sessions at a spooky old Adirondack inn called Wolf Lake Lodge. It seems that each of the victims had gone there to meet with Hammond shortly before turning up dead. Troubled by odd holes in the official approach to the case, Gurney begins his own investigation--an action that puts him in the crosshairs of not only an icy murderer and the local police but the darkest corner of the federal government. As ruthless as the blizzard trapping him in the sinister eeriness of Wolf Lake, Gurney's enemies set out to keep him from the truth at any cost--including an all-out assault on the sanity of his beloved wife Madeleine. With his emotional resources strained to the breaking point, Gurney must throw himself into a deadly battle of wits with the most frightening opponent he has ever faced."
Alice Cooper. Volume 1, Welcome to my nightmare
"To celebrate the rise of their new queen, three goddesses of the moon created three stars, one of fire, one of ice, one of water. But then they fell from the sky, putting the fate of all worlds in danger. And now three women and three men join forces to pick up the pieces... Sasha Riggs is a reclusive artist, haunted by dreams and nightmares that she turns into extraordinary paintings. Her visions lead her to the Greek island of Corfu, where five others have been lured to seek the fire star. Sasha recognizes them, because she has drawn them: a loner. All on a quest. All with secrets. Sasha is the one who holds them together the seer. And in the magician, Bran Killian, she sees a man of immense power and compassion. As Sasha struggles with her rare ability, Bran is there to support her, challenge her, and believe in her. But Sasha and Bran are just two of the six. And they all must work together as a team to find the fire star in a cradle of land beneath the sea. Over their every attempt at trust, unity, and love, a dark threat looms. And it seeks to corrupt everything that stands in its way of possessing the stars."Provided by publisher.
The machinist
E. Aster Bunnymund and the warrior eggs at the earth́s core
The complete book of dreams
Girl of nightmares
Sydänyön muistot : Memories of midnight
Fables and reflections
Lord of the shadows
The annotated Sandman. Vol. 1, The Sandman #1-20
Demonic texts and textual demons : the demonic tradition, the self, and popular fiction
Scaredy Squirrel at night
Nicky and the big, bad wolf
The annotated Sandman. Volume two : The Sandman #21-39
Bag of bones
The named
Midnight
Dreamland
Goodbye to school
Rock n' roll legend Alice Cooper has never been a stranger to the mystic and the macabre. His stage shows were the stuff of legend, featuring snakes and pyrotechnics, the invocation of dark themes and darker forces. But while he was a legend in the waking world, few knew his service as "The Lord of Nightmares" beyond it, where he watched over us while we dreamed, and delivered horrors unto the deserving. Only someone took it all away from him, cast him out of his realm, and locked him away. No longer enslaved to the Clan Black, Alice Cooper will reclaim his dark throne at all costs.
The absolute Sandman. [volume four]
The Sandman : Overture
Twixt
Endless nights
The Sandman. [5], A game of you
Wolf Lake : a novel
Leaving school in Finland
Dark Romanticism : from Goya to Max Ernst
