http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24973 crime journalism
crime journalism
Media law, ethics, and policy in the digital age
Reporting crime : the media politics of criminal justice
Virgin or vamp : how the press covers sex crimes
Print culture, crime and justice in eighteenth-century London
A sexual sadist, he took pleasure in torture and murder. His first victims were a teenage couple, stalked and shot dead in a lovers' lane. After another slaying, he sent his first mocking note to authorities, promising he would kill more. The official tally of his victims was six. He claimed thirty-seven dead. The real toll may have reached fifty.  Robert Graysmith was on staff at the The San Francisco Chronicle in 1968 when Zodiac first struck, triggering in the resolute reporter an unrelenting obsession with seeing the hooded killer brought to justice. In this gripping account of Zodiac's eleven-month reign of terror, Graysmith reveals hundreds of facts previously unreleased, including the complete text of the killer's letters.
Kill me twice
News, crime and culture
Images as proof : photographic portrayal of catastrophes in Helsingin Sanomat, 1969-1979
Narcoland : the Mexican drug lords and their godfathers
The invention of murder : how the Victorians revelled in death and detection and created modern crime
News media, crime and fear of violence
Very British murder : the story of a national obsession
Nightcrawler
The jazz files : Poppy Denby investigates
Journalism
Journalism and school shootings in Finland 2007-2008
Regarding the pain of others
Murder : a tale of modern American life
This text is about 19th-century Britain's fascination with good quality murder. Murder during this period was ubiquitous - not necessarily in quantity but in quality. This was the era of penny-bloods, early crime fiction and melodramas for the masses. It was a time when murder and entertainment were firmly entwined.
Notable essayist explores the use of images of war and terror in popular culture.
The cruel radiance : photography and political violence
Dial M for Murdoch : news corporation and the corruption of Britain / Tom Watson and Martin Hickman
A beautiful model's death uncovers an ugly conspiracy stretching all the way to Westminster in Rosie Gilmour's darkest case to date. When rags-to-riches Scots supermodel Bella Mason plunges to her death from the roof of a glitzy Madrid hotel, everyone assumes it was suicide. Except that one person saw exactly what happened to Bella that night, and she definitely didn't jump. But Millie Chambers has no one she can tell - alcoholic, depressed herself and now sectioned by her bullying politician husband, who would believe her? And that's not all Millie knows. Being close to the heart of Westminster power can lead to discovering some awful secrets... Back in Glasgow, Rosie's research into Bella's life leads to her brother, separated from her in care years before. Dan is now a homeless heroin addict and rent boy, but what he reveals about Bella's early life is electrifying: organised sexual abuse in care homes across Glasgow. Bella had tracked him down so that they could tell the world their story. And now she's dead. As Rosie's drive to expose the truth leads her closer to Millie and the shameful secrets she has kept for so many years, it becomes clear that what she's about to discover could prove fatal: a web of sexual abuse linking powerful figures across the nation, and the rot at the very heart of the British Establishment...
The paperboy
Crime and media : a reader
Crime and the media
