http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2493 lipreading
lipreading
Speechreading in Context : A Guide for Practice in Everyday Settings : A revision of David Deyo's Work
Lip-reading principles and practise : a hand-book for teachers and for self instruction
Literacy and your deaf child : what every parent should know
Watch this face : A practical guide to lipreading
Language in motion : Exploring the nature of sign
Cued speech and cued language for deaf and hard of hearing children
Total communication : structure and strategy
Hearing by eye : the psychology of lip-reading
Visual communication for the hard of hearing : history, research, methods
Relations of language and thought : The view from Sign language and deaf children
Teaching children who are deafblind : contact, communication and learning
Language in sign : an international perspective on sign language
Living with hearing loss
Deaf world : a historical reader and primary sourcebook
Speechreading : a way to improve understanding
Advance to an ideal: the fight to raise the standard of communication between deaf and hearing people : an account of events leading to the formation and development of the Council for the Advancement o Communication with Deaf People
Semantic framing of speech : emotional and topical cues in perception of poorly specified speech
What's that pig outdoors?
Lipreading and hearing aids
Language for the preschool deaf child
The hands are the head of the mouth : the mouth as articulator in sign languages
The perception of speech : from sound to meaning
Rebecah : a mother's story
Communication therapy : an Integrated Approach to Aural Rehabilitation
Twenty-six years ago in Malaysia, the author gave birth to a small miracle. She was called Nadya - later Rebecah - and was profoundly deaf.  This is a magical account of a life with a difference. Rebecah's mother knew soon after the birth that her child was special. As she says, 'Seeing and knowing what has been achieved here touches my heart and gives me joy. No wonder I have been guided to write her story.'  Rebecah's discovery of ideas and words, her ventures into lip-reading and conversation, school days in West Yorkshire and Berkshire, art school and a university degree - these steps are faithfully and painstakingly recorded. With her mother's help Rebecah was able to venture out into the world and investigate the more spiritual dimensions of human existence. Indeed, there are moments of wonder, humour and mysticism here in the author's own life that are as intense as Rebecah's triumphant struggle to slip the surly bonds of silence... and touch the face of God.  Forward by Jill Taylor  Rebecah is deaf and her story is written through my eyes and ears, with the intention to touch the hearts of many. Events within her life are highlighted through poignant memories, underscored with a meaningful emotional charge and purpose in their telling. They are encapsulated under such headings as 'Funny Times' or 'Magic and Wonder' rather than being strictly chronologically told.  Delightfully, and in story form, my story emerges from a natural progression of those deeper insights. This exotic adventure gives us an encapsulating yet penetrating synopsis of that inner purpose; that drive to know truth. The story culminates, ultimately, in connecting Rebecah's and my own life's purpose with a oneness of heart.  Finally with both candour and humour, Rebecah's own account is written through her eyes and ears.
Hearing by eye II : advances in the psychology of speechreading and auditory-visual speech
Measures and models of top-down influences in the human auditory cortex
Beyond lips : components of speechreading skill
Introduction to lip reading
Current trends in European sign language  research : Proceedings of the third European congress on sign language research. Hamburg july 26 - 29, 1989
