http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24913 photography magazines
photography magazines
The world in Vogue : people, parties, places
The New York Times Magazine photographs
100 ideas that changed photography
World press photo 05.
National Geographic : the photographs
Eesti pressifoto ... = Estonian press photography ...
Photo-journalism : developing style in creative photography
150 years of photo journalism. Volume 1
Black & white : for collectors of fine photography
Pictures on a page : photo-journalism, graphics and picture-editing
Digital SLR photography : Vantaa
Practical photojournalism : a professional guide
Witness in our time : working lives of documentary photographers
Digital SLR photography : e-lehti
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '80
Black & white photography
Eyes of time : photojournalism in America
Rolling Stone : the photographs
A short history of press photography
The liberation of Europe : the photographers who captured history from D-Day to Berlin
Magnum Magnum : with 413 photographs in colour and duotone
The Best magazine design : photography, illustration, infographics & digital
Portfolio : the catalogue of contemporary British photography
Black+white photography : Helsinki
Catching the moment
Digital photo
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '78
Applied Photography
Popular photography
World Press photo. 1989
Fashion photography : a complete guide to the tools and techniques of the trade
Popular photography : e-lehti
Sky & telescope
National Geographic stunning photographs
Life : faces
World Press Photo. 1996, [Yearbook]
LIFE photographers : what they saw
Photographer
World press photo 12
Photographis 86 : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography. 86
Photographs
History of the world in photographs
Nordic now!
ODYSSEY : THE ART OF PHOTOGRAPHY AT NATIONAL..
The instant it happened
Fashion photography course : principles, practice, and techniques : an essential guide
Photos that changed the world
Source magazine
Photography monthly
Vogue model : the faces of fashion
Photographis 82 : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography. 82
It's what I do : a photographer's life of love and war
Magnum : fifty years at the front line of history
World press photo 1999
Outdoor photographer : e-lehti
Simply beautiful photographs
War photography : realism in the British press
iPro user : a case study of pro-am photographers in Malaysia travel magazine
Photoshop creative : Helsinki
Photojournalism : the professionals' approach
150 years of photo journalism. Volume 2
World press photo 07
The great Life photographers
American photojournalism comes of age
Photoshop creative : Espoo
Harry Benson on photojournalism
The best of life
People in Vogue : a century of portraits
Shadowed by grace : a story of monuments men
The photographers
World press photo 11.
V best five years of V Magazine
"Wang Changcheng neiwai" : Zheng Ming de xinwen sheying shidian =  "Looking at the views on the two sides of the Great Wall" : Zheng Ming's focus of vision in news photography
British journal of photography
From Homo Sapiens to Photo Sapiens? : The Role of Amateur Images in the Free Newspaper Metro
Photojournalism : the world's greatest news photographers
World press photo 09.
Soldiers : the nineties
Blind spot
