http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24918 brotherhoods
brotherhoods
Inside the brotherhood
"One of more poorly understood aspects of the Ottoman Empire has been the flourishing of Sufi mysticism under its auspices. This study tracks the evolution of the Halvetî order from its modest origins in medieval Azerbaijan to the emergence of the influential Sabaniyye, whose range once extended throughout the Empire. By carefully reconstructing the lives of formerly obscure figures in the history of the order, a complex picture emerges of the connections among Halvetî groups, the state, and society. Even more important, since the Sa'baniyye grew out of the towns and villages of the northern Anatolian mountains rather than the major urban centres, this work brings a unique perspective to the lives, work, and worship of Ottoman subjects outside of the major urban centres of the Empire. Along the way, the study sheds light on less-visible actors, such as women and artisans, and challenges generalizations about the activities and strategies of Ottoman mystics." -- Book jacket.
Lover enshrined : a novel of the black dagger brotherhood
The testimony of the beloved disciple : narrative, history, and theology in the Gospel of John
The inevitable caliphate? : a history of the struggle for global Islamic union, 1924 to the present
Secrets of the Knights Templar : the hidden history of the world's most powerful order
The Muslim Brotherhood : the organization and policies of a global Islamist movement
The Sion revelation : the truth about the guardians of Christ's sacred bloodline
The Essenes : according to the classical sources
Ashes of Hama : the Muslim Brotherhood in Syria
Scripture cannot be broken : the social function of the use of Scripture in the Fourth Gospel
Wealth in the Dead Sea scrolls and in the Qumran community
Lover at Last
The meaning of the Dead Sea scrolls : their significance for understanding the Bible, Judaism, Jesus, and Christianity
Qumran in context : reassessing the archaeological evidence
The self as symbolic space : constructing identity and community at Qumran
Religious agency, travel and memory : transnational Islam of Senegalese Murids in Helsinki
Sayyid Qutb : the life and legacy of a radical Islamic intellectual
Lover Enshrined
Qhuinn, son of no one, is used to being on his own. Disavowed from his bloodline, shunned by the aristocracy, he has finally found an identity as one of the most brutal fighters in the war against the Lessening Society. But his life is not complete. Even as the prospect of having a family of his own seems to be within reach, he is empty on the inside, his heart given to another.... Blay, after years of unrequited love, has moved on from his feelings for Qhuinn. And it's about time: The male has found his perfect match in a Chosen female, and they are going to have a young--just as Qhuinn has always wanted for himself. It's hard to see the new couple together, but building your life around a pipe dream is just a heartbreak waiting to happen. As he's learned firsthand. Fate seems to have taken these vampire soldiers in different directions, but as the battle over the race's throne intensifies, and new players on the scene in Caldwell create mortal danger for the Brotherhood, Qhuinn finally learns the true definition of courage, and two hearts that are meant to be together finally become one.
Assassin's creed : brotherhood : PlayStation 3
The "mysteries" of Qumran : mystery, secrecy, and esotericism in the Dead Sea scrolls
Lover avenged : a novel of the black dagger brotherhood
Because I tell a joke or two : comedy, politics, and social difference
A preliminary edition of the unpublished Dead Sea Scrolls : the Hebrew and Aramaic texts from cave four. Fascicle 1
The King
The Musketeers. The complete season 1
Lover at last
The ice trilogy
In this volume Devorah Dimant assembles twenty-seven thoroughly updated and partly rewritten articles discussing various aspects of the Dead Sea Scrolls that she published over the past three decades. An introductory essay written especially for this volume surveys the present state of research on the Scrolls. Dealing with major themes developed in the Dead Sea Scrolls, the author reflects the rapid expansion and change of perspective that has taken place in research on the collection in recent years following its full publication. Among the topics treated are the nature and contents of the Scrolls collection as a whole, the specific literature of the community that owned this collection, the Aramaic texts and the apocryphal and pseudepigraphic works found therein. The volume also includes discussions of particular themes such as the history of the community related to the Scrolls, its self-image and particular interpretation of biblical prophecies, and its notion of time.
The archaeology of Qumran and the Dead Sea Scrolls
Assassin's creed : brotherhood : Xbox 360, Xbox live
The Syrian Muslim Brotherhood in Jordan : early years in exile
All the diamonds in the world
The black dagger brotherhood : an insider's guide
The rover
Apostolic iconography and Florentine confraternities in the age of reform
History, ideology and Bible interpretation in the Dead Sea Scrolls : collected studies
The shadows
"The Muslim Brotherhood has achieved a level of influence nearly unimaginable before the Arab Spring. The Brotherhood was the resounding victor in Egypt's 2011-2012 parliamentary elections, and six months later, a leader of the group was elected president. Yet the implications of the Brotherhood's rising power for the future of democratic governance, peace, and stability in the region is open to dispute. Drawing on more than one hundred in-depth interviews as well as Arabic language sources not previously accessed by Western researchers, Carrie Rosefsky Wickham traces the evolution of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt from its founding in 1928 to the fall of Mubarak and the watershed elections of 2011-2012."--
The Sion revelation : the truth about the guardians of Christs's sacred bloodline
The brotherhood of Freemason sisters : gender, secrecy, and fraternity in Italian Masonic lodges
National Lampoon's Animal house
Bad neighbours
The transformation of Muslim mystical thought in the Ottoman Empire : the rise of the Halveti order, 1350-1650
The Muslim Brotherhood : evolution of an Islamist movement
Faith's boundaries : laity and clergy in early modern confraternities
The holy blood and the holy Grail
A preliminary edition of the unpublished Dead Sea Scrolls : the Hebrew and Aramaic texts from cave four. Fascicle 2
Back to the side-track : how Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood became securitized
When the convulsions of the Arab Spring first became manifest in Syria in March 2011, the Ba'athist regime was quick to blame the pro-tests on the 'Syrian Muslim Brotherhood' and its 'al-Qaeda affiliates'. But who are these Islamists so determined to rule a post-Assad Syria? This text presents a comprehensive account of the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood's history to date.
Inside the Muslim Brotherhood
The courtyards of the house of the Lord : studies on the Temple scroll
All the glory of Adam : liturgical anthropology in the Dead Sea Scroll
Lover Unleashed
Fall of giants
Lover unleashed
The new Muslim Brotherhood in the West
Brotherhood
This volume explores how the relationship between confraternities and the clergy negotiated the boundaries of religious space in the late medieval and early modern periods. Who owns the spaces of religion? Does the question matter, or even make sense? Modern distinctions between sacred and secular spheres tend to assume that clergy dominate the former, and lay people the latter. A man or woman living in the early modern period might not have been so sure. They would have thought more immediately of things of heaven and things of earth, and would have seen each as the concern of clergy and laity alike. Faith's boundaries, while real, were very porous. This collection offers the first sustained comparative examination of lay–clerical relations in confraternities through the late medieval and early modern periods. It shows how laity and clergy debated, accommodated, resolved, or deflected the key issues of gender, race, politics, class, and power. The sixteen essays are organized into six sections that consider different aspects of the function of confraternities as social spaces where laity and clergy met, mediated, and sometimes competed and fought. They cover a period historically when kinship was a dominant metaphor in religious life and when kinship groups like confraternities were dominant models in religious institutions. They deal with Catholic, Jewish, and Islamic confraternities, and range geographically from Europe to the Middle East, Central and South Asia, and Latin America.
The beast
The Society of the Muslim Brothers in Egypt : the rise of an Islamic mass movement, 1928-1942
The social location of the visions of Amram (4Q543-547)
