http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24952 motion analysis
motion analysis
Research methods for business students
Metatext and the company's future outlook : the use of hedging and emphatics in the letter to shareholders sections of annual reports
Effective marketing means for small companies : Case: Ettonet Oy
"When working with sports men and women, the biomechanist is faced with two apparently incompatible goals: reducing injury risk and improving sports performance. Now in a fully updated and revised edition, Sports Biomechanics introduces the fundamental principles that underpin our understanding of the biomechanics of both sports injury and performance, and explains how contemporary biomechanical science can be used to meet both of those goals simultaneously. The first four chapters of this book look closely at sports injury, including topics such as the properties of biological materials, mechanisms of injury occurrence, risk reduction, and the estimation of forces in biological structures. The last four chapters concentrate on the biomechanical enhancement of sports performance, including analytical techniques, statistical and mathematical modelling of sports movements, and the use of feedback to enhance sports performance. Drawing on the very latest empirical and epidemiological data, and including clear concise summaries, self test questions and guides to further reading in every chapter, this book is essential reading for all advanced undergraduate and postgraduate students with an interest in biomechanics, sports injury, sports medicine, physical therapy or performance analysis"--
Writing dancing, righting dance : articulations on a choreographic process
Whittle's gait analysis
Website optimization : an hour a day
Risk analysis and security countermeasure selection
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail? : case study of an agricultural commodity exchange
The increasing interest towards the Arctic has been witnessed during the past decades. However, the commonly shared definitions of the Arctic key concepts have not yet penetrated national and international arenas for political and economic decision making. The lack of jointly defined framework has made different analyses related to the Arctic quite limited considering the magnitude of economic potential embedded in Arctic.    This paper is built on the key findings of two separate, yet connected projects carried out in the Oulu region, Finland. In this paper's approach, the Arctic context has been defined as a composition of three overlapping layers. The first layer is the phenomenological approach to define the Arctic region. The second layer is the strategy-level analysis to define different Arctic paths as well as a national level description of a roadmap to Arctic specialization. The third layer is the operationalization of the first two layers to define the Arctic business context and business opportunities.    The studied case from Oulu region indicates that alternative futures for the Arctic competences and business activities are in resemblance with only two of the four identified strategic pathways. Introduction of other pathways to regional level actors as credible and attractive options would require additional, systematic efforts.
Business plan for a Chinese furniture company
Business Plan for Establishing A Sauna Club in Lu'an, China
Starting a tourism company in Gambia : case company J채채lin Palvelupiste KY
Decision and control : the meaning of operational research and management cybernetics
Managerial Aspects of Business Intelligence Implementation
Arctic Potential : Could More Structured View Improve the Understanding of Arctic Business Opportunities?
The business analyst's handbook
Eye tracking the user experience : a practical guide
Choreographic inscriptions : a framework for exploring sociomaterial influences on qualities of movement for HCI
On computer analysis of digital signals applied to eye movements
The disaster recovery handbook : a step-by-step plan to ensure business continuity and protect vital operations, facilities, and assets
Being Right or Making Money
Market Analysis for a Company in Construction Business
Import of fruits from Spain to Finland
Starting a Tourism Company in Gambia : Case Company J채채lin Palvelupiste Ky
Investigations for a small business development in the field of hotel industry in Finland
This book focuses on the advances in transtibial prosthetic technology and targets research in the evolution of the powered prosthesis such as the BiOM, which was derived from considerable research and development at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. The concept of the book spans the historical evolution of prosthetic applications from passive to new and futuristic robotic prosthetic technologies. The author describes the reasons for amputation, surgical procedures, and an historical perspective of the prosthesis for the lower limb. He also addresses the phases and sub-phases of gait and compensatory mechanisms arising for a transtibial prosthesis and links the compensatory mechanisms to long-term morbidities. The general technologies for gait analysis central to prosthetic design and the inherent biomechanics foundations for analysis are also explored. The book reports on recent-past to current-term applications with passive elastic prostheses. The core of the book deals with futuristic robotic prostheses including their function and major subsystems, such as actuator technology, state machine control, and machine learning applications. Finally, the envisioned future trends in the prosthetic technology space are presented.
Business plan for a european style coffee shop in Ho Chi Minh city : case: AT Ltd. Company
This purpose of this thesis was to make the reader familiar with the requirements of a disaster recovery plan. The objective was to give readers a basic knowledge of making a disaster recovery plan for their own company or organization. The thesis describes on a general level which facts should be included in the recovery plan, how the whole recovery plan process flow in general proceeds, and how the recovery plan should be analyzed. The target group of the thesis was a validation laboratory of an electronics industry, whose point of view had to be taken into account in the requirements of the disaster recovery plan. The special features of the validation laboratory of the electronics company were also taken into account. The companies should have a valid disaster recovery plan. Especially the companies should take care of their organizations or departments that find it difficult to recovery from disasters.The validation laboratories of electronics companies are included in a high-risk group, because the laboratories use measuring equipment that requires a lot of resources to reorder new equipment, and new measuring equipment has long delivery times. It is common that the delivery times are at least six months or even longer. It is also difficult to find and rebuild new premises for a validation laboratory and it will require a lot of resources and capital from the company. In the thesis process flows for the creation of the disaster recovery plan for the validation laboratory of the electronics industry were developed The whole disaster recovery plan process, step by step, was explained using the process flows, and the special features of the validation laboratory were taken into account. In addition, tables and methods that support designing the disaster recovery plan for the validation laboratory were developed in the thesis.The descriptions of process flows can also be used when designing a disaster recovery plan for other organizations or companies. Before re-using the process flows in another organization, all special features of the plan to be taken care of should be considered. The process flows should be updated to suit to the new organization or company.
Making connections : total body integration through Bartenieff fundamentals
Orthopedic biomechanics
Biomechanical analysis of transfemoral amputee's sprint running and block start
Business plan for a fashion brand : case: MW Oy
Seven steps to mastering business analysis
Business Plan of a Motorcycle Company : Case: Motosi Oy
Arctic potential : could more structured view improve the understanding of arctic business opportunities?
Discontinuous Galerkin method for time-domain wave problems
Marketing : an active learning approach
Business plan : student housing in Kirtipur, Nepal
A Business Plan for Anhui Xiongfeng Protection Facilities Co.,Ltd.
Vision-based human motion description and recognition
Sports biomechanics : reducing injury risk and improving sports performance
Quantitative Business Analysis Casebook
The strategic planning workbook
Kinesthetic empathy in creative and cultural practices
Out-of-home food market analysis in Finland : Case: Dehydrated culinary products Client A
Equine biomechanics for riders : the key to balanced riding
Researching dance : evolving modes of inquiry
iComponent - device-independent platform for analyzing eye movement data and developing eye-based applications
Occupy : the spatial dynamics of discourse in global protest movements
Mastering business planning and strategy : the power of strategic thinking
Business plan for RoBo Gym : establishment of a new company and creating a competitive advantage
An introduction to random vibrations, spectral and wavelet analysis
Numerical methods for acoustical problems in time domain
Routledge handbook of biomechanics and human movement science
Motion estimation and representation for video coding applications
Economic decision analysis
Vector mechanics for engineers : dynamics
A marketing plan for business expansion : applied on Normet Corporation in China
With the rise of ubiquitous computing technologies in everyday life, the daily actions of people are becoming ever more choreographed by the interactions available through technology. By combining the notion of inscriptions from actor-network theory and the qualitative descriptors of movement from Laban movement analysis, an analytic framework is proposed for exploring how the interplay of material and social inscriptions gives rise to movement patterns and behaviors, translated into choreographic inscriptions described with Laban effort and shape. It is demonstrated through a case study of an affective gesture mobile device. The framework provides an understanding of (a) how movement qualities are shaped by social and material inscriptions, (b) how the relative strength of inscriptions on movements may change according to different settings and user appropriation over time, and (c) how transforming inscriptions by design across different mediums can generate action spaces with varying degrees of openness..
Beyond words: movement observation and analysis
Introduction to operations research
Large-scale protest movements have recently transformed urban common spaces into sites of resistance. The Arab Spring, the European Summer, the American Fall in 2011, the revolts in India and South Africa and, more recently, in Istanbul, in several cities in Brazil, and in Hong Kong, are part of a common wave of protests which reclaims squares and urban places, monumentally designed as political and economic centres, as places for discussion and decision-making, for increasing participation and intervention in the governance of the community. Through banners and signs, open assemblies, and other communicative practices in the encampments and interconnecting physical and virtual spaces, participants permanently reconfigure their lived spaces discursively. The attempt to account for on-going social phenomena from the moment they first happen, and with an international perspective, undoubtedly represents a theoretical and methodological challenge. This book is a successful and innovative attempt to address this challenge, capturing the complex interplay between social, spatial, and communicative practices, drawing on complementary and alternative methods. Originally published in Journal of Language and Politics issue 13:4 (2014)
Advances for prosthetic technology : from historical perspective to current status to future application
Essential quantitative methods : a guide for business
Business continuity management : in practice
Learning from Rivals : Benchmarking for Martela Oyj
Dance kinesiology
The Moving Researcher : Laban/Bartenieff Movement Analysis in Performing Arts Education and Creative Arts Therapies
Introducing a New Business Model : Die Storage Service for Purso Oy
Business Plan for Indoor Beach Volleyball Arena : MOU Beachvolley Oy
Gait analysis : theory and application
Gambia is a diverse and exciting new market. The establishment of a company on a new market requires plenty of planning and background information. The commissioning company plans to start a hotel business in Gambia and the primary purpose of this thesis is to serve as a guide in that process. The research has been carried out as a case study. The empirical part is based on well-known and reliable primary and secondary printed sources. Electronic sources have been used to supplement the information. To deepen the understanding of the theory and to aid in the practice has practical information been gathered from various sources by questionnaires and theme interviews. The structure of the thesis is built as a zipper model, where theory and practice are combined in a discussion. The first part of the thesis focuses on the starting point analyses and offers more insight of Gambia as a market and operating environment. The purpose is to evaluate what the Gambian environment is like and to deepen the understanding of Gambia as a potential location for a travelling company. The secondary purpose is to offer tools for other Finnish companies that want to enter the Gambian market. The thesis has been narrowed down to focus on the tourism industry, but the theoretic part and practical advice can be used in any field of business. The end of the thesis focuses on the risks involving the business operations in Gambia and on the critical success factors in the hotel business. The schedule has been changed during the process due to difficulties reaching all interviewees. All parties interviewed have been professionals within the tourism and business branches. The interviews have been carried out as questionnaires vie E-mail or theme interviews by telephone or Skype. The interviewees have been two representatives of the commissioning company, a representative of a tour operator, the Finnish-Gambian ambassador and a Gambian director. The theoretic and practical data has been analyzed from different views. According to the gathered data is Gambia a potential location for a hotel business. All though the country is poor and is a dictatorship, is it believable that the government wants to develop the country further partly by democratic means. As the tourism industry is very important, the government tries to enhance its development with different inducements. Start-up companies are offered tax exemptions for a certain period and building land is given by the government. The ownership of foreigners are protected with legislation, which promises that the property will not be expropriated by the government. The bureaucracy is complicated and the corruption sets challenges especially for foreigners. The governmental tourism development agency provides advice and help in the process. At the same time the official wants to guarantee that the foreign investors are treated equally to the Gambians.
A business environment analysis : case Company X
Biometric verification of a subject based on data mining of saccade eye movement signals
Basic biomechanics
Mastering risk. Vol. 2, Applications
Every company must analyze their environment in order to stay on top of things in our changing world. It is essential to be aware of the environment and changes that occur in it. Anticipating changes and reacting quickly to them can also be an advantage in the market. The business environment affects what kind of marketing strategy best suits the company, and what they should take this into consideration in their operations. This thesis is a commission for a business-to-business consultancy company; it is an analysis of their business environment. The political, economic, socio-cultural and technological factors that affect their business environment are analyzed using a PEST analysis. Their strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats are also analyzed, through a SWOT analysis. A SWOT analysis is very topical at this time, with the downturn of the economy, as many companies have to reassess themselves and the external risks and opportunities that can help them overcome the current downturn. In this thesis, the investigation of the business environment is limited to PEST and SWOT analyses; the area of study is Finland. The objective of the thesis is to support Company X's marketing by giving them proposals and suggestions. It should also give them an outsider's view of the company, which should make them think about things that otherwise might not be self-evident. The analysis has been carried out by concurrently following news, publications and events, literacy, theory, investigating the different areas of the analyses and interviewing Company X personnel.  One of the most important speculations in the thesis is that Company X should develop their scenario thinking and communication, and carry out a SWOT analysis on a regular basis. When all the possibilities are known, they can better survive future challenges.
Object motion estimation using block matching with uncertainty analysis
Feature extraction methods for surface electromyography and kinematic measurements in quantifying motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease
Establishing a Small Enterprise in Varkaus and Factors behind Success  and Failure of Small Businesses
Importing Motorbikes from Estonia to Finland : case: Oliver Kuisma Motorbikes FIE
The process and challenges of establishing a consulting business : Tmi Helpperi
Requirements of a disaster recovery plan for a validation laboratory
New Company Survival and Development on Landscape Engineering Market in China : Case: Nanjing Yijinyuan Landscape Engineering Co. Ltd
Biomechanical basis of human movement
Formulating a feasible business idea in Finland : case: Silta Consultancy Oy
Analyzing the macro and competitive environment of interior design shops in Helsinki
Assessing the incidence of butt rot in Norway spruce in southern Finland
How the mighty fall : and why some companies never give in
Renewable Energy Market Analysis in Nigeria
A marketing analysis of household appliances market in Finland : a case study for the Haier Group
Digital movement : essays in motion technology and performance
The human gait
Comparative content analysis for the use of "strategic alliance" in announcements and journals
Business plan for the Motorcycle company : Case Brother`s Auto Pvt. Ltd.
Selling results solutions : creating sales opportunities in mature industrial markets
Analysing effectiveness of force application in ski skating using force and motion capture data : a model to support cross-country skiing research and coaching
Visual detection of motion
