http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24919 mindfulness
mindfulness
Clear mind's exercise programme for accepting presence and mindfulness
9 secrets of successful meditation : the ultimate key to mindfulness, inner calm and joy
The mindfulness journal : exercises to help you find peace and calm wherever you are
Discover meditation & mindfulness : create a better life through the power of inner reflection
How to relax
Calm : calm the mind, change the world
Life has a way of throwing unexpected obstacles in our path. Your personal anxieties can build up and seem overwhelming. Help is at hand. Master artist Jean Haines leads you on a journey through paint, showing how you can wipe away your worries with the soothing and gentle movement of watercolour on paper. Meditative, peaceful and calming, watercolour painting offers relief and solace to everyone, with no judgement or goal beyond itself. This book shows you the many ways painting can calm your life, and empower you so you have control over stress or boredom.
Mindfulness for creativity : adapt, create and thrive in a frantic world
Mindful eating : stop mindless eating and learn to nourish body and soul : with mindful meditations and recipes
Siddhartha's brain : the science of meditation, mindfulness, and enlightenment
Living in the moment : don't dwell on the past or worry about the future simply be in the present with mindfulness meditations
"Bad habits can take a hefty toll on your health and happiness. In The Here-and-Now Habit, mindfulness expert Hugh Byrne provides powerful practices based in mindfulness and neuroscience to help you rewire your brain and finally break the habits that are holding you back from a meaningful life.Have you found yourself doing something and thinking, Why do I keep doing this? We all have an unhealthy habit--or two, or three. Yours may be as simple as wasting time on the Internet, constantly checking your e-mail, or spending too much time in front of the TV. Or, it may be more serious, like habitual drinking, emotional overeating, constant self-criticism, or chronic worrying. Whatever your harmful habit is--you have the power to break it.The Here-and-Now-Habit provides proven-effective techniques to help you stop existing on autopilot and start living in the here and now. You'll learn how to cultivate mindfulness to calm and focus your mind, be aware of thoughts without identifying with them or believing they are true, deal with difficult emotions, and clarify your own intentions regarding unhealthy habits by asking yourself, What do I want? How important is it to me to make this change?By learning to pay attention to your thoughts and actions in the moment, you'll discover how to let go of old patterns and create healthier habits and ways of living that will make you feel good about yourself. And when you feel good about you, you can do just about anything"
Mindful relationships : creating genuine connection with ourselves and others
Silence : the power of quiet in a world full of noise
The anger fallacy workbook : practical exercises for overcoming irritation, frustration and anger
Mindfulness : clear mind's exercise programme for accepting presence and mindfulness®
101 ways to live well : mindfulness, yoga and nutrition tips for busy people
Grounded in research and accumulated clinical wisdom, this book describes a range of ways to integrate mindfulness and other contemplative practices into clinical work with trauma survivors. The volume showcases treatment approaches that can be tailored to this population's needs, such as mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR), acceptance and commitment therapy (ACT), dialectical behavior therapy (DBT), mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT), and mindful self-compassion (MSC), among others. Featuring vivid case material, the book explores which elements of contemplative traditions support recovery and how to apply them safely. Neurobiological foundations of mindfulness-oriented work are examined. Treatment applications are illustrated for specific trauma populations, such as clients with chronic pain, military veterans, and children and adolescents.
Mindfulness on the go : peace in your pocket
The mindfulness in knitting : meditations on craft and calm
The urban monk : Eastern wisdom and modern hacks to stop time and find success, happiness, and peace
Eating mindfully : how to end mindless eating and enjoy a balanced relationship with food
Based on the ancient principles of mindfulness, this beautifully illustrated and relaxing guide will make life flow just the way it should. It is organised into four simple sections: 1. What lazy means 2. Why it works 3. How the lazy guru can rule the Universe 4. Brain training exercises, from 'beditation' to prioritising work goals by teaching your mind to self-organise A happier and richer life is possible for everyone using the techniques in this life-changing book. So embrace your inner Lazy Guru and release the stress and anxiety of the modern world.
Mindfulness for beginners : reclaiming the present moment - and your life
Mindfulness-acceptance-commitment program for athletes and exercisers : an action research case study
Mindful work : how meditation is changing business from the inside out
The reality slap
Taming the drunken monkey : the path to mindfulness, meditation, and increased concentration
Acceptance-, mindfulness- and value-based psychological coaching for elite female floorball players
Seven secrets of mindfulness : how to keep your everyday practice alive
The mindfulness workbook for OCD : a guide to overcoming obsessions and compulsions using mindfulness and cognitive behavioral therapy
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of mindfulness
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow, and finding your true purpose
The art of breathing
The Mindful athlete : secrets to pure performance
Sane new world : how to tame the mind
Mindfulness-Oriented Interventions for Trauma : Integrating Contemplative Practices
Mindful parenting : find peace and joy through stress-free, conscious parenting
Mindfulness and schema therapy : a practical guide
Anxiety and avoidance : a universal treatment for anxiety, panic, and fear
Mind, body, baby : how to overcome stress & enhance your fertility with CBT, mindfulness & good nutrition
Paint yourself calm : colourful, creative mindfulness through watercolour
10% happier : how I tamed the voice in my head, reduced stress without losing my edge, and found self-help that actually works : a true story
Handbook of mindfulness in education : Integrating Theory and Research into Practice
The power of now : a guide to spiritual enlightenment
The joy of half a cookie
The mindfulness diet
Mobile-based intervention based on acceptance and commitment therapy : the effectiveness on work ability and perceived stress for individuals with symptoms of metabolic syndrome and psychological stress
How long-term mindfulness meditation practice affects the brain mechanisms of attention?
The headspace guide to ... a mindful pregnancy
Managing depression with mindfulness for dummies
Mindfulness for dummies
Mindfulness and Schema Therapy presents an eight–session + two follow up sessions protocol for schema mindfulness for therapists and their patients. Represents the first book to integrate the theory of schema therapy with the techniques of mindfulness Enhances schema therapy with techniques drawn from mindfulness–based cognitive therapy (MBCT) – an integration of two of the most popular treatment approaches in clinical psychology today.
Essential writings
Mindful leadership : a guide for the health care professions
Anxiety and avoidance : a universal treatment for anxiety, panic, and fear / Michael A. Tompkins
The lazy guru's guide to life : the mindful art of achieving more by doing less
A taxonomy of optimal experiences : a conceptual enquiry into three times of positive psychology
The change of well-being : mediator and moderator effects of depression in Muupu intervention
Mindfullness in motion
Participants' outcome expectations and changes in well-being and ill-being in mindfulness based intervention for burnout
Crystal mindfulness : still your mind, calm your thoughts and focus your awareness with the help of crystals
Mindfulness for life
Daily meditations for calming your angry mind : mindfulness practices to free yourself from anger
Practical mindfulness
Mindfulness in eight weeks : the revolutionary eight-week plan to clear your mind and calm your life
This handbook addresses the educational uses of mindfulness in schools. It summarizes the state of the science and describes current and emerging applications and challenges throughout the field. It explores mindfulness concepts in scientific, theoretical, and practical terms and examines training opportunities both as an aspect of teachers' professional development and a means to enhance students' social-emotional and academic skills. Chapters discuss mindfulness and contemplative pedagogy programs that have produced positive student outcomes, including stress relief, self-care, and improved classroom and institutional engagement. Featured topics include: * A comprehensive view of mindfulness in the modern era. * Contemplative education and the roots of resilience. * Mindfulness practice and its effect on students' social-emotional learning. * A cognitive neuroscience perspective on mindfulness in education that addresses students' academic and social skills development. * Mindfulness training for teachers and administrators. * Two universal mindfulness education programs for elementary and middle school students. The Handbook of Mindfulness in Education is a must-have resource for researchers, graduate students, clinicians, and practitioners in psychology, psychiatry, education, and medicine, as well as counseling, social work, and rehabilitation therapy.
Mindfulness : your step-by-step guide to a happier life
Meditation for dummies
Autonomic nervous system responses during a relationship enrichment intervention
Handbook of neuroLeadership
Mindfulness : diverse perspectives on its meaning, origins and applications
Looks at the science behind the ancient practices of Buddhism through the story of the spiritual life and teachings of Siddhartha, the man who would become the Buddha, and how his discoveries anticipated the findings of modern neuroscience.
Mindfulness at work : turn your job into a gateway to joy, contentment and stress-free living
The mindful librarian : connecting the practice of mindfulness to librarianship
Overworked and overwhelmed : the mindfulness alternative
Galileo & the art of ageing mindfully : wisdom from the night skies
The changing relationship between personality traits and acceptance skills
Exploring the relationships between flow, mindfulness, & self-talk : a correlational study
Effects of a mindfulness-based intervention on experienced job charachteristics : comparing the intervention group and the control group
Journey into mindfulness : [gentle ways to let go of stress and live in the moment]
Offers techniques to stop and recharge, change thinking patterns, use meditation to focus and de-stress, and use the peace that comes from the resulting calmness to make key changes in your life and the world.
Mindfulness : Clear mind's exercise programme for accepting presence and mindfulness
Living in the moment : don't dwell on the past or worry about the future simply BE in the present with mindfulness meditations
And breathe
8 minute meditation : quiet your mind, change your life
Mindfulness and learning : celebrating the affective dimension of education
Transformative phenomenology : changing ourselves, lifeworlds, and professional practice
The here-and-now habit : how mindfulness can help you break unhealthy habits once and for all
Mindfulness for health : a practical guide to relieving pain, reducing stress and restoring wellbeing
Mindfulness, acceptance and value-based intervention for burnout : mediational roles of learning the elements of the intervention on outcomes
Clinical handbook of mindfulness
Fear : essential wisdom for getting through the storm
Yoga all-in-one for dummies
