http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24995 agroforestry
agroforestry
Professional education in agroforestry : proceedings of an international workshop
Reforestation in arid lands
Taungya : forest plantations with agriculture in Southeast Asia : interplanting crops can reduca land use conflicts and increase sustainability of forest in less developed countries
Cordia alliodora : genetics and tree improvement
Forestry in Malå, northern Sweden, coexists with other land uses. Reindeer husbandry is in the area for centuries and requires large areas of grazing land. Competing land uses may threaten the Malå Sami village. The aim of the study was to evaluate increased consideration in forest management towards 1) reindeer husbandry, 2) nature and 3) a combination of the two. These scenarios were compared with forest management as it was in 2009. Results indicate that all three scenarios lead to a decrease in annual harvesting volumes of 0.2 to 0.4 million m3. Forest industry dominated the economic viability in the area. Forest management adapted to the needs of reindeer husbandry resulted in less potential for yearly harvest, employment and profits from forest industry. On the other hand, it led to an increase in growing stock and consequently the potential for carbon sequestration over time. Indeed the increased sequestration would compensate for all fossil emissions of carbon from the Forest Wood Chain (FWC). The nature scenario had minor effects on economic result and on the emissions of fossil carbon. The combined scenario gave a reduced economic performance for the FWC. A scenario based on forest management accommodating the needs of reindeer husbandry gave the best economic result for the reindeer chain, due to high survival rate of the reindeer. However the economic importance of reindeer husbandry in the region was small compared to the FWC. Results from scenario analysis could serve as a platform for mutual understanding between stakeholders.
Planning for agroforestry
Agroforestry in dryland Africa
Agroforestry species and technologies : a compilation of the highlights and factsheets published by NFTA and FACT Net 1985-1999
Rhizobia nodulating agroforestry legume species in southern Ethiopia: phenotypic characteristics, metabolic fingerprinting, genetic diversity and phylogeny
The indigenous agroforestry systems of the south-eastern Rift Valley escarpment, Ethiopia : their biodiversity, carbon stocks, and litterfall
Optimal management of Pinus radiata silvopastoral systems established on abandoned agricultural land in Galicia (north-western Spain)
Alternatives to deforestation : steps toward sustainable use of the Amazon rain forest
Field trials manual for multipurpose tree species
Ecological basis of agroforestry
Trees and forests in rural land use 1991
Carbon and nitrogen dynamics in Erythrina poeppigiana (Leguminosae: Phaseoleae) trees managed by periodic prunings
Relation between macrofaunal populations and soil physical properties in two agroforestry trials
Agroforestry education and training : present and future : proceedings of the international workshop on Professional Education and Training in Agroforestry, held at the University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida, USA on 5-8 December 1988
Fuelwood consumption and deforestation in African countries : Dennis Anderson, Robert Fishwick
Soil carbon sequestration for improved land management : based on the work of Michel Robert
Bridging the gap : communities, forests and international networks : synthesis report of the project 'Learning Lessons from International Community Forestry Networks'
Agroforestry in South Asia : problems and applied research perspectives
Agroforestry for sustainable production : economic implications
Advancing Agroforestry on the Policy Agenda : a guide for decision-makers
Tropical rainforest : a world survey of our most valuable and endangered habitat with a blueprint forits survival
Agroforestry in Asia and the Pacific
The silvicultural basis for agroforestry systems
Incentives for fuelwood growing by tobacco farmers in Tanzania
Mapping aboveground biomass of trees outside forests in the Taita Hills, Kenya, using airborne laser scanning and individual tree detection
Multipurpose tree species for small-farm use : proceedings of an international workshop held November 2-5, 1987 in Pattaya, Thailand
Bark surface temperature measurements on the boles of wild cherry (Prunus avium) grown within an agroforestry system
Whose trees? : proprietary dimensions of forestry
Agroforestry in Sub-Saharan Africa : a farmer's perspective
Faidherbia albida in the West African semi-arid tropics : proceedings of a workshop, 22-26 Apr 1991, Niamey, Niger
Forest resources and wood-based biomass energy as rural development assets
Growing Prunus avium L. within an agroforestry system (AFS) may result in sun damage to cambial tissues on sun-exposed bole faces. There are two periods of risk of damage caused by insolation to exposed tree boles, the summer, when cambial temperatures become too high, or during winter, when the frozen dormant cambium tissue thaws and then rapidly re-freezes, a phenomenon commonly referred to as sunscald or southwest disease. Damage on the south western bole face was observed on a number of P. avium within an AFS. Five trees were sampled to assess the period in time that damage occurred. To retrospectively investigate such damage, bark surface temperature data were collected over a two year period for a further five P. avium and analysed. It was shown that bark surface temperature on the south western bole face reached nearly 50 °C during summer and experienced a maximum range of 38 °C within a 24 hour period in spring. A specially formulated white paint was applied to two trees, thus, testing a method to reduce the risk of sun damage. Two models were constructed to predict maximum and minimum daily bark surface temperature using maximum, minimum and mean daily air temperature, daily sum of sunshine hours, cloud cover, wind speed, relative humidity, maximum solar elevation and height on the tree bole as predictor variables. The damage occurred during winter 2009/2010. The models were used to identify maximum and minimum bark surface temperatures during that winter enabling the identification of possible damage events..
Climate change : significance for agriculture and forestry : systems approaches arising an IPCC meeting
Community-based natural resource management in Sudan : a case study of forest utilization and management by smallholder famers in Kosti province
Agroforestry in agricultural education : with a focus on the practical implementation
Tropical forest conservation : an economic assessment of the alternatives in Latin America
Agroforestry for soil conservation
Organic matter and phosphorus dynamics under selected cropping systems in the South American tropics
Comparison of co-existing forestry and reindeer husbandry value chains in northern Sweden
Paulownia in China : cultivation and utilization
Tree crop ecosystems
People and trees : the role of social forestry in sustainable development
Ecological aspects of agroforestry systems with Paraserianthes falcataria : two case studies of Taungya and mixed gardening from Java, Indonesia
Agroforestry : classification and management
Adoption of agroforestry : a decision making problem of the Tanzanian peasants
Agroforestry systems in the tropics
Gliricidia sepium (Jacq.) Walp. : management and improvement : proceedings of a workshop held in Turrialba, Costa Rica, June 21-27, 1987
To the hands of the poor : water and trees
Juvenile diversity of tree species in Theobroma cacao L. agroforestry and primary forest : central Sulawesi, Indonesia
Swidden-Fallow agroforestry in the peruvian Amazon
Trees for drylands
Agroforestry in Tanzania Olmotony region
Agroforestry combined with water harvesting in the central zone of Chile : Soil properties and biomass production
Carbon and nitrogen dynamics in agroforestry systems : temporal patterns of some important soil processes
Asking the earth : farms, forestry and survival in India
Social, economic, and institutional aspects of agro-forestry
Man, agriculture and the tropical forest : change and development in the Philippine uplands
Grazing and fodder production : a minor field study report for the Forest, Trees and People Project (FTP), Vietnam
Chinese-Swedish soil conservation cooperation project : progress report for 1987.
Agroforestry land-use systems : proceedings of a special session on agroforestry land-use systems
Beyond the woodfuel crisis : people, land and trees in Africa
An introduction to agroforestry
Soil erosion in the tropics : principles and management
Farmer experimentation and innovation : a case study of knowledge generation processes in agroforestry systems in Rwanda
Advancing agricultural production in Africa : proceedings of CAB's first scientific conference Arusha, Tanzania, 12-18 Febr. 1984
The threatening desert : controlling desertification
Agroforestry for the Sahelian Qoz soils of the Sudan potentiality of mesquite (Prosopis juliflora)
User groups as producers in participatory afforestation strategies
Venture capitalism for a tropical forest : cocoa in the Mata Atlântica
Forest economics research at the University College of North Wales : an overview
Anais do primeiro simpósio internacional de estudos ambientais em florestas tropicais úmidas : Manaus, 7-13 de Outubro de 1990 = Annals of the first international symposium on environmental studies on tropical rain forests : Manaus, October 7-13, 1990
Biodiversity in tropical agroforestry systems : on-farm case studies in the East Usambaras, Tanzania
Forest farming : towards a solution to problems of world hunger and conservation
Agroforestry today
Tropical dryland agroforestry on clay soils : analysis of systems based on Acacia senegal in the Blue Nile region, Sudan
Poplars for wood production and amenity
Keepers of the forest : land management alternatives in Southeast Asia
Saving the tropical forests
Tropical forestry handbook
Growing together : agroforestry and ICRAF
Rural development and social forestry lessons from China
Farm forestry : a study of aspects of farm forestry in New Zealand, Denmark, Sweden, Finland and California
Establishment guide : a guide to the establishment of research and demonstration plantings of nitrogen fixing trees
Agro-forestry in the African humid tropics : proceedings of a workshop held in Ibadan, Nigeria, 27 April-1 May 1981
Cumbrian woodlands : past, present and future
Desert development : proceedings of the second international desert development conference held on 25-31 January in Cairo, Egypt. Part 1, Desert agriculture, ecology and biology
Annual report of the International Council for Research in Agroforestry. 1986.
Selective weed and ground cover management in a coffee plantation with shade trees in Nicaragua
Abstract.
Nursery technology for agroforestry : applications in arid and semiarid regions
Perennial sesbania production and use : a manual of practical information for extension agents and development workers
Pastures and cattle under coconuts
Agroforestry literature : a selected bibliography
Agroforestry : realities, possibilities and potentials
Soil conservation for all! : an anthropological and technical study of the soil conservation and agroforestry programme in Eastern Province, Zambia : a minor field study
Inventory of chestnut research, germplasm and references
Ecological development in the humid tropics : guidelines for planners
Agroforestry research in the semi-arid tropics : a report on the Working Group Meeting held at ICRISAT Center, India, 5-6 August 1985.
Economic analysis of agroforestry technologies : an annotated bibliography
The role of trees in sustainable agriculture : review papers presented at the Australian conference, Albury, Victoria, Australia, October 1991
Clonal forestry. 2, Conservation and application
Black pepper (Piper nigrum L.) cultivation in the East Usambaras, Tanzania : associated tree species and their effects on agroforestry system management
Agroforestry : a decade of development
