http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24998 racial policy
racial policy
Victorian attitudes to race
Understanding words that wound
'There ain't no black in the Union Jack' : the cultural politics of race and nation
Preface to peasantry : a tale of two Black belt counties
Thomas Jefferson's Ethics and the Politics of Human Progress : the morality of slaveholder
The international encyclopedia of media studies, volume I : media history and the foundations of media studies
Bringing the empire home : race, class, and gender in Britain and colonial South Africa
A nation for all : race, inequality, and politics in twentieth-century Cuba
Black earth : the holocaust as history and warning
Race and political theology
Body and soul : a sympathetic history of American spiritualism
The future of the past
Preventing racism at the workplace : a report on 16 European countries
Inspired by Hannah Arendt's discussion of the Victorian Tory politician and novelist Benjamin Disraeli as a Jew who fought back, this book explores the complex ways in which mid-Victorian discourses of identity and belonging were interwoven with discourses of race. The book looks at Disraeli's response to the antisemitism of the period, leading him to become convinced that race was the key to understand how society works. It traces Disraeli's use of the category of race as a pivotal idea of social difference and looks at how race intersected his thinking with class, culture, gender, nation, and empire. It also shows how Disraeli's "one-nation-politics" was dependent on the idea of empire and how his representations of both nation and empire became based on race.
Black against empire : the history and politics of the Black Panther Party
"A gripping tale of racial cleansing in Forsyth County, Georgia and ... testament to the deep roots of racial violence in America ... Patrick Phillips breaks the century-long silence of his hometown and uncovers a history of racial terrorism that continues to shape America in the twenty-first century."
A history of race in Muslim West Africa, 1600-1960
The SAGE handbook of race and ethnic studies
What lies beneath : Katrina, race, and the state of the nation
Black bodies, white gazes : the continuing significance of race
Part of my soul
Race and manifest destiny : the origins of American racial Anglo-Saxonism
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
The founders : the origins of the ANC and the struggle for democracy in South Africa
Race, religion, and law in colonial India : trials of an interracial family
No future without forgiveness
The racial idea in the independent state of Croatia : origins and theory
"Before the innovative work of Zora Neale Hurston, folklorists from the Hampton Institute collected, studied, and wrote about African American folklore. Like Hurston, these folklorists worked within but also beyond the bounds of white mainstream institutions. They often called into question the meaning of the very folklore projects in which they were engaged. Shirley Moddy-Turner analyzes this output, along with the contributions of a disparate group of African American authors and scholars. She explores how black authors and folklorists were active participants--rather than passive observers--in conversations about the politics of representing black folklore. Examining literary texts, folklore documents, and cultural performances, legal discourse, and political rhetoric, Black Folklore and the Politics of Racial Representation demonstrates how folklore studies became a battleground across which issues of racial identity and difference were asserted and debated at the turn of the twentieth century. The study is framed by two questions of historical and continuing import. What role have representations of black folklore played in constructing racial identity? And, how have those ideas impacted the way African Americans think about and creatively engage black traditions? Moody-Turner renders established historical facts in a new light and context, taking figures we thought we knew--such as Charles Chesnutt, Anna Julia Cooper, and paul Laurence Dunbar--and recasting their place in African American intellectual and cultural history" --
Dancing face
Joyce, race, and empire
The debate over slavery : antislavery and proslavery liberalism in antebellum America
Jimfish, or, Ten years on the wrong side of history
"A collection of essays on ethnic and cultural diversity in the Korean peninsula, focusing on South Korea, including monoethnic, nationalist ideology and multiculturalism as ideology and practice, the history of migration and diaspora, transnational adoption, and interracial and interethnic relations" --Provided by publisher.
Germany and the Black diaspora points of contact, 1250-1914
Dred Scott's revenge : a legal history of race and freedom in America
Hate crimes : criminal laws & identity politics
The threat of race : reflections on racial neoliberalism
All is race : Benjamin Disraeli on race, nation and empire
"Through a landmark court case in mid-nineteenth century colonial India, this book investigates hierarchy and racial difference in the British encounter with Indian society"--
Taifa : making nation and race in urban Tanzania
Wasi'chu : the continuing Indian wars
Race and power : global racism in the twenty-first century
Creating boundaries : the politics of race and nation
Blood at the root : a racial cleansing in America
"It comforts us to believe that the Holocaust was a unique event. But as Timothy Snyder shows, we have missed basic lessons of the history of the Holocaust, and some of our beliefs are frighteningly close to the ecological panic that Hitler expressed in the 1920s. As ideological and environmental challenges to the world order mount, our societies might be more vulnerable than we would like to think." --publisher's description.
Displacing whiteness : essays in social and cultural criticism
Caste, race, and politics : A comparative study of India and the United States
Baltic eugenics : bio-politics, race and nation in interwar Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania 1918-1940
Gunnar Myrdal and America's conscience : social engineering and racial liberalism, 1938-1987
Racial science in Hitler's new Europe, 1938-1945
Law, lawyers and race : critical race theory from the United States to Europe
Black Germany : the making and unmaking of a diaspora community, 1884-1960
The invention of the white race. Vol. 2, The origin of racial oppression in Anglo-America
A small town near Auschwitz : ordinary Nazis and the Holocaust
Between camps : Nations, cultures and the allure of race
Red gentlemen & white savages : Indians, federalists, and the search for order on the American frontier
A lion amongst the cattle : reconstruction and resistance in the Northern Transvaal
Black folklore and the politics of racial representation
There are no slaves in France : the political culture of race and slavery in the Ancien Régime
Critical Race Theory is a familiar and important strand of North American legal scholarship, but it is virtually unknown in Europe. This book aims to bring Critical Race Theory to a European context. Outlining its development in North America, and bringing its insights to bear upon European law and legal scholarship, the book considers Critical Race Theorys relevance in Europe, and particularly in civil law traditions, where the relationship between race and law is often presented as anodyne. Redressing the almost exclusive European focus and reading of anti-racism in terms of anti-Semitism, the conflation of race and racism with issues related to citizenship and religion, and the more general reluctance to speak of race, the book outlines the elements of a European Critical Race Theory. For law, it is demonstrated, is just as deeply involved in constructing, discriminating and subordinating racial minorities in the European context as it is in the American one even if, as this book shows, it does so in different ways /
"How did British rule in India transform persons from lower social classes? Could Indians from such classes rise in the world by marrying Europeans and embracing their religion and customs? This book explores such questions by examining the intriguing story of an interracial family who lived in southern India in the mid-nineteenth century. The family, which consisted of two untouchable brothers, both of whom married Eurasian women, became wealthy as distillers in the local community. When one brother died, a dispute arose between his wife and brother over family assets, which resulted in a landmark court case, Abraham v. Abraham. It is this case which is at the center of this book, and which Chandra Mallampalli uses to examine the lives of those involved and, by extension, of those - 271 witnesses in all - who testified. In its multilayered approach, the book sheds light not only on interracial marriage, class, religious allegiance, and gender, but also on the British encounter with Indian society. It shows that far from being products of a "civilizing mission" who embraced the ways of Englishmen, the Abrahams were ultimately - when faced with the strictures of the colonial legal system - obliged to contend with hierarchy and racial difference"--
The history of White people
A history of Soviet Russia. [14], Foundations of a planned economy 1926-1929
Race relations in sociological theory
Private bodies, public texts : race, gender, and a cultural bioethics
Rethinking Obama
Understanding race relations
Anatomy of a miracle : the end of apartheid and the birth of the new South Africa
Beyond the swastika
Racism and education : research perspectives
With their power to create a sense of proximity and empathy, photographs have long been a crucial means of exchanging ideas between peoples across the globe. This book explores the role of photography in shaping ideas about race and difference from the 1840s to the 1948 Declaration of Human Rights. Focusing on Australian experience in a global context, a rich selection of case studies show how photographic encounters between Aboriginals, missionaries, scientists, photographers and writers fuelled international debates about morality, law, politics and human rights. While the camera has been extensively analysed as a weapon of authority, surveillance and control, this volume uncovers a story of photography as a more complex social force. Drawing on new archival research, it is essential reading for students and scholars of race, visuality and the histories of empire and human rights.
David Duke and the politics of race in the South
Image of migration in Western Europe in 1990s
The power of scientific knowledge : from research to public policy
"Red Gentlemen and White Savages"argues that after the devastation of the American Revolutionary War, the main concern of Federalist and Indian leaders was not the transfer of land, but the restoration of social order on the frontier. Nichols focuses on the "middle ground" of Indian treaty conferences, where, in a series of encounters framed by the rituals of Native American diplomacy and the rules of Anglo-American gentility, U.S. officials and Woodland Indian civil chiefs built anuneasy alliance. The two groups of leaders learned that they shared common goals: both sought to control their "unruly young men" - disaffected white frontiersmen and Native American warriors - and both favored diplomacy, commerce, and established boundaries over military confrontation. Their alliance proved unstable. In their pursuit of peace and order along the frontier, both sets of leaders irreparably alienated their own followers. The Federalists lost power in 1800 to the agrarian expansionists of the Democratic-Republican Party, while civil chiefs lost influence to the leaders of new pan-Indian resistance movements. This shift in political power contributed to the outbreak of war between the United States, Britain, and Britain's Indian allies in 1812, and prepared the way for Indian Removal.
Multiethnic Korea? : multiculturalism, migration, and peoplehood diversity in contemporary South Korea
Just around midnight : rock and roll and the racial imagination
The changing politics of sport
Between camps : nations, cultures and the allure of race
Legislating equality : the politics of antidiscrimination policy in Europe
Country of my skull
The literature police : apartheid censorship and its cultural consequences
Memories of empire. Vol. 1, White man's world
March. Book one
Studies of skin color in the early Royal Society : Boyle, Cavendish, Swift
Photography, humanitarianism, empire
Behind the backlash : white working-class politics in Baltimore, 1940-1980
Race, crime and justice
Moses, Jesus, and the trickster in the evangelical South
Race and the shaping of twentieth-century Atlanta
Plantation memories : episodes of everyday racism
South Africa without apartheid : dismantling racial domination
Land and racial domination in Rhodesia
Heart of Darkness : rereading Hannah Arendt's Critique of Colonialism and race-thinking with Edward W. Said
March. Book three
Researching racism in education : politics, theory and practice
Racial subjects : writing on race in America
Handbook of global social policy
Faith and race in American political life
The great white way : race and the Broadway musical
Breaking the ice : from land claims to tribal sovereignty in the Arctic
The bluest eye : a novel
Hard cases in wicked legal systems : South African law in the perspective of legal philosophy
European conference on preventing racism at the workplace : Madrid, 15-16 November 1995 : proceedings
The making of a good white : a historical ethnography of the rehabilitation of poor whites in a suburb of Cape Town
Changing classroom cultures : anti-racism, politics and schools
Farewell to the South
Claudette Colvin : twice toward justice
Murder in Mississippi : the true story of how I met a white supremacist, befriended his black killer and wrote this book
'Censorship may have to do with literature', Nadine Gordimer once said, 'but literature has nothing whatever to do with censorship.' As the history of many repressive regimes shows, this vital borderline has seldom been so clearly demarcated. Just how murky it can sometimes be is compellingly exemplified in the case of apartheid South Africa. For reasons that were neither obvious nor historically inevitable, the apartheid censors were not only the agents of the white minority government's repressive anxieties about the medium of print. They were also officially-certified guardians of the literary. This book is centrally about the often unpredictable cultural consequences of this paradoxical situation. Peter D. McDonald brings to light a wealth of new evidence - from the once secret archives of the censorship bureaucracy, from the records of resistance publishers and writers' groups both in the country and abroad - and uses extensive oral testimony. He tells the strangely tangled stories of censorship and literature in apartheid South Africa and, in the process, uncovers an extraordinarily complex web of cultural connections linking Europe and Africa, East and West.The Literature Police affords a unique perspective on one of the most anachronistic, exploitative, and racist modern states of the post-war era, and on some of the many forms of cultural resistance it inspired. It also raises urgent questions about how we understand the category of the literary in today's globalized, intercultural world.
Race, resistance and the Ainu of Japan
Just around Midnight explores the interplay of popular music and racial thought in the 1960s by asking how, when, and why rock and roll music "became White." By the time Jimi Hendrix died in 1970 the idea of a Black man playing electric lead guitar was considered literally remarkable in ways it had not been for Chuck Berry only ten years earlier: this book explains how this happened. By excavating an extraordinarily cosmopolitan aesthetic amidst a far-flung community of artists on both sides of the Atlantic, including Bob Dylan, Sam Cooke, the Beatles, Aretha Franklin, Dusty Springfield, the Rolling Stones, Jimi Hendrix and others, Just around Midnight offers an interracial counter-history of Sixties music that rejects hermetic ideals of racial authenticity while revealing the pernicious effects of these ideologies on musical understanding.--
In search of a postcategorical utopia : James Baldwin and the politics of 'race' and sexuality
