http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24955 socio-emotional skills
socio-emotional skills
Developing social and emotional skills
Implementation of a social and emotional learning programme in physical education : a teacher's action research study
The culture of curating and the curating of culture(s)
An exploration of the human mind's capacity for instinctive undertanding about the feelings and desires of others explains how the ability or inability to understand the minds of those around us leads to connection or conflict.
Developing emotional intelligence in the primary school
Selling in today's economy : applying laws of physics and performance art to gain the cutting edge
Affective and effective collaborative learning : process-oriented design studies in a teacher education context
Understanding emotions
A follow-up study of children's communicative development : associations to social-emotional and behavioural problems and competences and experienced maternal stress
Tiny Prisoners: Two siblings trapped in a world of abuse. One woman determined to free them
Shaking up the brain : instructions and exercises for improved brain skills
What great salespeople do : the science of selling through emotional connection and the power of story
Supporting student transitions 14-19 : approaches to teaching and learning
Managing interpersonal sensitivity : knowing when - and when not - to understand others
Mindwise : how we understand what others think, believe, feel, and want
Schooling emotional intelligence through narrative and dialogue : implications for the education of children and adolescents
Social and emotional learning (SEL) is a dominant orthodoxy in education systems around the world. To many it is a panacea; to others it is a waste of time and resources. This important new book provides the first in-depth, authoritative and balanced examination of the critical issues pervading the field. An extensive and thorough review of the international research literature has enabled each substantive aspect of SEL to be examined through a critical lens. The book investigates key topics such as: definitions and conceptualization -- origins and influences -- international policy and practice -- assessment and monitoring -- implementation -- outcomes. The book highlights key strengths and significant flaws in SEL theory and research, and sets the agenda for the next generation of inquiry in the field.
Becoming an emotionally intelligent teacher
Creating intergenerational contact between Oulunkylä English Kindergarten and Kustaankartano Centre for the Elderly
Social and emotional learning : a critical appraisal
Assessing and evaluating preschoolers' socio-emotional skills
Moral classrooms, moral children : creating a constructivist atmosphere in early education
"Supporting Student Transitions 14-19 offers transition focused approaches to planning, teaching, learning and assessment designed to meet the needs of these unique learners. Drawing upon the latest research and theory, as well as the authors' extensive experience in the field, it examines in detail transitions in teaching and learning in this complex sector. Drawing out and critically analysing the key features of both pedagogy and andragogy, the book presents the best elements of each to provide all tutors and practitioners involved in the teaching of 14-19 learners with clear strategies for supporting this group. Practical advice backed by sound theory will provide readers with a clear understanding of the requirements and needs of learners in the school, college and university. Topics explored include: The role of the teacher in supporting student transitions: Understanding transition focused approaches. Emotional and social factors involved. Recognising difficulties and helping students prepare Supporting Student Transitions 14-19 is a practical guide also offering a unique contribution to the discourse on this important sector of education, increasingly afforded the attention it deserves. It will be an essential resource for trainee teachers, students of PCET, lecturers and teachers wanting to build upon their understanding of this group of learners. "--
Keith Oatley's 3rd edition of Understanding Emotions emphasizes the value of emotions and explores the latest research with practical concerns for clinical problems, education and everyday understanding. The text extends across a broad range of disciplines and covers the entire lifespan from infancy to adulthood. It includes sections on the study of emotion, the different elements of emotion, evidence of how emotions govern and organize social life, and emotion and individual functioning, including psychological disorders and well being. Furthermore, the text offers combined chapters on evolutionary and cultural approaches, studies of new expressions (love, desire) as well as new systems of communication (touch, music), findings on emotion and the central nervous systems, and studies on the role of emotion in moral judgment. Discussions of how popular and classical movies emphasize emotions show how to keep an emotion diary to track one's emotions and interactions.
The true story of two neglected little children saved from abuse and transformed by the love and care of foster mother Maggie Hartley.
Follow-up study of children's communicative development : associations to social-emotional and behavioural problems and competences and experienced maternal stress
The emotionally intelligent social worker
Music with the brain in mind
