http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24917 Benedictine Order
Benedictine Order
A Benedictine Bibliography : subject part
Middle High German translations of the Regula Sancti Benedicti : the eight oldest versions
A Benedictine Bibliography : author part
The name of the rose
A monk's confession : the memoirs of Guibert of Nogent
Narratives of monastic life in Anglo-Saxon England depict individuals as responsible agents in the assumption and performance of religious identities. To modern eyes, however, many of the 'choices' they make would actually appear to be compulsory. Stealing Obedience explores how a Christian notion of agent action - where freedom incurs responsibility - was a component of identity in the last hundred years of Anglo-Saxon England, and investigates where agency (in the modern sense) might be sought in these narratives.
Finding sanctuary : monastic steps for everyday life
The life of Saint Benedict
From dead of night to end of day : the medieval customs of Cluny = Du cœur de la nuit à la fin du jour : les coutumes clunisiennes au Moyen Âge
Enlightened monks : the German Benedictines 1740-1803
The letters of Hildegard of Bingen
Katherine O'Brien O'Keeffe looks at Benedictine monasticism through the writings of Ælfric, Anselm, Osbern of Canterbury, and Goscelin of Saint-Bertin, as well as liturgy, canon and civil law, chronicle, dialogue, and hagiography, to analyse the practice of obedience in the monastic context. Stealing Obedience brings a highly original approach to the study of Anglo-Saxon narratives of obedience in the adoption of religious identity.
The making of the Monastic Community of Fulda c.744 - c.900
Iškilmės ir kasdienybė Lietuvos Didžiojoje Kunigaikštystėje ir jos kontekstuose = Celebrations and everyday life in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and its contexts
Nuns and reform art in early modern Venice : the architecture of Santi Cosma e Damiano and its decoration from Tintoretto to Tiepolo
Reform, conflict, and the shaping of corporate identities : collected studies on Benedictine monasticism, 1050-1150
Order & exclusion : Cluny and Christendom face heresy, Judaism, and Islam, 1000-1150
The rule of S. Benet : Latin and Anglo-Saxon Interlinear version
Jerusalem and the cross in the life and writings of Ademar of Chabannes
Monk-bishops and the English Benedictine reform movement : reading London, BL, Cotton Tiberius A. iii in its manuscript context
The rule of Saint Benedict
English abstracts. - Santraukos lietuvių.
Negotiating the landscape : environment and monastic identity in the medieval Ardennes
Historia renarrata : early Benedictine revisions of the First Crusade
The church of the former Benedictine female monastery Santi Cosma e Damiano occupies an outstanding position in Venice. This title argues that from its foundation in 1481 to its dissolution in 1805, Santi Cosma e Damiano was a reform convent, and that its nuns employed art and architecture as a means to express their specific religious concerns.
Building the Cassinese monastic identity : a reconstruction of the fresco program of the Desiderian Basilica (1071)
Finding happiness : monastic steps for fulfilling life
The abbey of Cluny : a collection of essays to mark the eleven-hundredth anniversary of its foundation
Stealing obedience : narratives of agency and identity in later Anglo-Saxon England
The tenth and eleventh centuries are pivotal for the history of the West. The writings of Ademar of Chabannes, many of which are still unpublished, offer numerous insights into why these changes were occurring. Because his promotion of the cult of St. Martial of Limoges contains much that is exaggerated or even untrue, his writings have been viewed with suspicion. What this book seeks to do is make clear that such distrust is justified, but that there is much material in those manuscripts throwing light on the origins of the crusades, the rise of heresy, the great feudal warfare and the reality of apocalyptic fear.
The art and architecture of English Benedictine monasteries, 1300-1540 : a patronage history
The English Benedictine cathedral priories : rule and practice, c. 1270 - c. 1420
The necrology of San Nicola della Cicogna : (Montecassino, Archivio della Badia 179, pp. 1-64)
Silence and sign language in medieval monasticism : the Cluniac tradition c. 900-1200
Saint Benedict : father of Western civilization
The Benedictines in the Middle Ages
