http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24922 data journalism
data journalism
Visual storytelling : infographic design in news
With The Data Journalism Handbook, you'll explore the potential, limits, and applied use of this new and fascinating field. This handbook has attracted scores of contributors since the European Journalism Centre and the Open Knowledge Foundation launched the project at MozFest 2011. Through a collection of tips and techniques form leading journalists, professors, software developers, and data analysts, you'll learn how data can be wither the source of data journalism or a tool with which the story is told--or both.
Data journalism : mapping the future
Journalism and new media
Journalism next : a practical guide to digital reporting and publishing
Data journalism design is a new form of visual communication that is refined from data visualisation and news design. The innovative graphics showcased are created by professional designers from around the world.
Digital sub-editing and design
Do you want to help build what's "next" for journalism? Then jump into Mark Briggs' proven guide for leveraging digital technology to do better journalism. The media landscape changes with such ferocious speed that as soon as new technologies gain a foothold, older ones become obsolete. To keep ahead and abreast of these ever-evolving tools and techniques, Briggs offers practical and timely guidance for both the seasoned professional looking to get up to speed and the digital native looking to root their tech know-how in real journalistic principles. Learn how to effectively blog, crowdsource, use mobile applications, mine databases, and expertly capture audio and video to report with immediacy, cultivate community, and tell compelling stories. Journalism Next will improve digital literacy, fast. Briggs begins with the basics and then explores specialized skills in multimedia so you can better manage online communities and build an online audience.
"Journalism of Ideas is a comprehensive field guide for brainstorming, discovering, reporting, digitizing, and pitching news, opinion, and feature stories within journalism 2.0. With on-the-job advice from professional journalists, activities to sharpen your multimedia reporting skills, and dozens of story ideas ripe for adaptation, Dan Reimold helps you develop the journalistic know-how that will set you apart at your campus media outlet and beyond.The exercises, observations, anecdotes, and tips in this book cover every stage of the story planning and development process, including how news judgment, multimedia engagement, records and archival searches, and various observational techniques can take your reporting to the next level. Separate advice focuses on the storytelling methods involved in data journalism, photojournalism, crime reporting, investigative journalism, and commentary writing. In addition to these tricks of the trade, Journalism of Ideas features an extensive set of newsworthy, timely, and unorthodox story ideas to jumpstart your creativity. The conversation continues on the author's blog, College Media Matters.Reimold also shows students how to successfully launch a career in journalism: the ins and outs of pitching stories, getting your work published, and navigating the post-graduation job search. Related sections of the book highlight the art of freelancing 2.0, starting an independent site, blogging, constructing quality online portfolios, securing internships, and building a social media following. "--
Journalism of ideas : brainstorming, developing, and selling stories in the digital age
The online journalism handbook : skills to survive and thrive in the digital age
Visual journalism : a guide for new media professionals
Computer-assisted reporting : a practical guide
Journalism online
Content everywhere : strategy and structure for future-ready content
The data journalism handbook
The electronic grapevine : rumor, reputation and reporting in the new on-line environment
Facts are sacred : the power of data
Towards active citizenship on the net : possibilities of citizen oriented communication: case studies from Finland
The end of journalism : news in the twenty-first century
