http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p249 education policy
education policy
There is no single idea of the university. Ever since its medieval origin, the concept of the university has continued to change. The metaphysical university gave way successively to the scientific university, and then to the corporate and the entrepreneurial university. But what might lie ahead? Being a University charts and critiques this conceptual development and examines the future possibilities for the idea of the university. Ronald Barnett pursues this quest through an exploration of pairs of contending concepts that speak to the idea of the university - such as space and time; being and becoming; and culture and anarchy. On this foundation is developed an imaginative exposition of possible ideas of the university, including the liquid university and the authentic university.
Social justice, transformation and knowledge : policy, workplace learning and skills
Language of the land : policy, politics, identity
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
Education for the twenty-first century
Evaluation for improving student outcomes : messages for quality assurance policies
The new flagship university : changing the paradigm from global ranking to national relevancy
Politics and policy in the age of education
Better schools : international lessons for reform
Measuring efficiency of macro systems : an application to millennium development goal attainment
The smartest kids in the world : and how they got that way
Handbook of the economics of education. Volume 4
Plan Europe 2000 : Project 1; educating man for the 21st century. Volume 10, Does education have a future ? : the political economy of social and educational inequalities in European society
Spaces, mobilities and youth biographies in the new Sweden : studies on education governance and social inclusion and exclusion
A handbook of human resource management practice
OECD thematic review of tertiary educationn : country background report for Finland
Liberal, conservative and Nordic : opinions of the youth and the new educational policies of five post-industrial countries in comparative perspective
Internationalization and the invisible language? Historical phases and current policies in Finnish higher education
A macroeconomic perspective on education and inequality
Youth and literacy : you've got a ticket to ride
Lifelong learning : new vision, new implications, new roles for people, organizations, nations and communities in the 21st century
Education in the European Community : (communication for the Commission to the Council, presented on 11 March 1974)
Handbook of the economics of education. Vol. 2
Unaccompanied refugee minors in Finland : challenges and good practices in a Nordic context
Formulating educational policy in sub-Saharan Africa : proceedings of the DAE Biennial Meetings Tours, France, 18-22 October 1995.
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Global university rankings : challenges for European higher education
Education at a glance 2007 : OECD indicators
The education of girls : policy, research and the question of gender
Educational policy and planning : compensatory education programmes in the United States
Inside schools : a collaborative view
Reflections on the future development of education
Journal of education policy
External benefits of public education : an economic analysis
Trends in Swedish educational policy
Education and the social condition
Academic education in the future : expertise, professional satus or marketing commodity? : a discussion of the status and practice of higher education in the context of Late Modernity
The right to be equal : British Deaf Association education policy statement
Competence framework for VET professions : handbook for practitioners
Thirteen questions : reframing education's conversation
An intelligent person's guide to education
Education policy-planning process : an applied framework
Testing regimes, accountabilities and education policy
Lifelong learning and the new educational order
Mapping mobility in European higher education. Volume 1, Overview and trends
Transformation of higher education in innovation systems in China and Finland
Entrepreneurship for everyone? Neoliberal governance, educability and social differences in the school's entrepreneurship education.
Reformative Finland : research and innovation policy review 2015-2020
Against capitalist education : what is education for?
This collection explores how universities are coping with the range of reforms and changes taking place across higher education today. Analyzing areas such as leadership, quality management, strategic thinking, collegiality and academic work, and from the perspective of different agents within higher education including students, academics and management, this book examines the various differences between reform attempts and the actual changes happening in universities.
Universities and engagement : international perspectives on higher education and lifelong learning
Literacy and development
Society, schools & progress in Canada
Education at a glance 2013 : OECD indicators
University research performance : influence of funding competition, policy steering and micro-level factors
Cultural and economic reproduction in education : essays on class, ideology and the state
The Maoist educational revolution
Financing higher education : answers from the UK
All governments strive to develop and implement policies that contribute to innovation. Both in academic research and policy circles, the concept of National Innovation Systems has represented a significant approach to industrial policy, research and development, and innovation. This book will review the development and implementation of this approach, and its strengths and weakness by considering the experience of Finland, widely regarded as a model of the information society, high-quality equal education, and systemic innovation policy amongst the Nordic welfare states, which themselves have increasingly topped the lists in national competitiveness. The first part of the book analyzes the foundations, emergence, and development of the National Innovation System approach and its adoption in Finnish science and technology policy throughout the 1990s and 2000s. In the second part of the book an alternative viewpoint to innovation and welfare policy is outlined, based on the idea of capability cultivating institutions as a key foundation, both for national welfare and competitiveness. The development of the Finnish comprehensive school and its special education system is studied in order to clarify the nature of institutional change and learning, and the conditions of governing and developing the enabling services. The concept of an enabling welfare state is developed to answer the challenges of the Nordic model of welfare in a globalizing knowledge-driven economy.
Mitigating inequality : higher education research, policy, and practice in an era of massification and stratification
Literacy, education and schooling -for what?
Education policy and alternative pedagogies in Finland 1950-1995
Education today
"Explores the development of education, key issues and contemporary debates in western European countries which became EU members prior to the Nice Agreement"--
Levels of autonomy and responsiblities of teachers in Europe
Cultivating educational action research in Lao PDR : for a better future?
Educational studies: a second level course : Decision-making in British education systems. Units 8, 9 and 10, Politics, philosophy and economics in education
The study of educational politics : the 1994 commemorative yearbook of the Association of Education Association (1969-1994)
Education in the Hungarian people's republic
Higher education policies in the EU and in the People's Republic of China : a comparative approach
Cultural roots of the education problem : the complex problem of educating American children
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Education & training as a booster of European integration
When the first-world-north goes local : education and gender in post-revolution Laos
Education for all?
Affirming the comprehensive ideal
Linguistic Diversity as a Problem and a Resource   Multilingualism in European and Finnish Policy Documents
Diploma of Higher Education : Competence modules for everyone
Education policies and trends in the context of social and economic development perspectives : a report
Reviews of national policies for education : Romania
Education at a glance 2009 : OECD indicators
Education at a glance 2011 : OECD indicators
Education in the creative economy : knowledge and learning in the age of innovation
Domestication of international comparisons : the role of the OECD Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA) in Finnish education policy
National curriculum : national disaster ? : education and citizenship
Quality on the move : discursive construction of higher education policy from the perspective of quality
Politics and policy making in education : explorations in policy sociology
Renewing dialogues in marxism and education : openings
Diploma of higher education : competence modules for everyone
Educational reform under political transition : a study of change in Portuguese education in the 1970's
Individuals at the heart of educational change : local level administrators' views on the development of the organization of language education through top-down projects, bottom-up reorganization, and cooperation and communication
(Re)Defining Freedom of Speech : Language Policy, Education, and Linguistic Rights in the United States
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
Being a university
In the name of excellence : the struggle to reform the nation's schools, why it's failing, and what should be done
European area of recognition manual : practical guidelines for fair recognition of qualifications
Education in Africa. Vol. 5, Making a field of study : the first five years of the "Education in Africa" seminar at the University of Oslo
Who needs languages? : micro and macro perspectives into language education policies : International Conference & 28th Summer School of Applied Language Studies, June 7-10, 2010, University of Jyväskylä, Finland
Does Nikkyoso have a political opportunity now that the DPJ is governing?
Designing and implementing policies related to career management skills (CMS) : brief summary
Education policy in twentieth century Ireland
Education and regional development = L'enseignement et le developpement regional. Vol. 2, Technical reports = Rapports techniques
Investigating education and training
Society, state and schooling : readings on the possibilities for radical education
Comparative African experiences in implementing educational policies
Expanding opportunities and building competencies for young people : a new agenda for secondary education
The information society - a challenge for education policies? : five case studies: Denmark, France, Italy, Spain, Turkey : Standing Conference of European Ministers of Education, sixteenth session, Istanbul, 11-12 October 1989.
The educational policy program for the deaf : the Finnish association of the Deaf
Future educational policies in the changing social and economic context : report of the meeting of the OECD Education Committee at ministerial level, 19-20 October, 1978.
Formulating education policy : lessons and experience from sub-Saharan Africa : six case studies and reflections from the DAE 1995 Biennial Meetings (October 1995 - Tours, France)
Teachers' professional development : Europe in international comparison : an analysis of teachers' professional development based on the OECD's Teaching and Learning International Survey (TALIS)
Understanding the significance of EU higher education policy cooperation in Finnish higher education policy
Strengthening the quality assurance and evidence-base for lifelong guidance : brief summary
The history of education in Korea : a sourcebook
Education and training in Ethiopia : an evaluation of approaching EFA goals
Policy research in educational settings : contested terrain
Agents of change and policies of scale : a policy study of entrepreneurship and enterprise in education
Education at a glance 2012 : OECD indicators
Homeschooling, freedom of conscience, and the school as republican sanctuary: an analysis of arguments representing polar conceptions of the secular state and religious neutrality
Mapping mobility in European higher education. Volume II, Case studies
On lifelong learning as stories of the present
Trading in futures : why markets in education don't work
The future of education in the UAE : innovation & knowledge production
Education at a glance 2014 : OECD indicators
Indigenous responses to neocolonialist policies : “stop the political games!”
Indigenous education : language, culture and identity
Education in Africa. Vol. 3, States or markets? : neo-liberalism in the educational policies of Sub-Saharan Africa
Intercultural education in the European context : theories, experiences, challenges
Education in Estonia : present situation and developments : July, 1996.
Managing reform in universities : the dynamics of culture, identity and organizational change
Education supports the adaptation
Reviews of national policies for education. Australia : transition from school to work or further study
The concepts and practices of lifelong learning
Pisa06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Draft final report
Education at a glance 2010 : OECD indicators
Abstract: Equality and Progress - The Finnish Education Project Under Russian Rule.
La educación argentina en la sociedad del conocimiento : 29a Reunión de la Conferencia General de la Unesco Paris - 21 de octubre - 12 noviembre = Argentine education in the society of knowledge : 29th Session of the General Conference Unesco Paris - October 21th - November 12th
Public values, private schools
Economics of education : a selected annotated bibliography
Helping to create an entrepreneurial culture : a guide on good practices in promoting entrepreneurial attitudes and skills through education
Learning for a sustainable future : innovative solution from the Baltic Sea region
Adult education policy in the European Union during the Lisbon decade : the shift to vocational adult learning and work skills matching
Reviews of national policies for education : Russian Federation
Reviews of national policies for education. New Zealand
The ritualization of progress : the schooled imagination
Summary.
Education in the European Union : post-2003 member states
Il n'est jamais trop tard pour apprende = It's never too late to learn = Nunca es demasiado tarde para aprender
Plant science in Finland 2005-2009 : evaluation report
An education policy for Europe
Philosophy of education : studies in philosophies, schooling and educational policies
Issues in American education : commentary on the current scene
Yhteenveto (Summary)
Social change and the transformation of educational control
Now more than ever, the issue of access to higher education for all is a matter of global importance. As colleges and universities worldwide increasingly extend their academic programs abroad, develop internationally mixed research teams and create international curricular initiatives, it is essential to ensure that equitable access to a high quality education remains a key component of the research and policy agenda transnationally. In this book, leading scholars from around the globe offer the most current knowledge about postsecondary access and success, offering fertile ground for new directions in higher education. A critical read for scholars, practitioners, and policymakers, this book offers interdisciplinary perspectives on key priorities and action steps for the higher education community to help mitigate economic, social, and political inequality.
The foundations of twentieth-century education in England
Between capitalism and democracy : educational policy and the crisis of the welfare state
White paper on education and training : teaching and learning : towards the learning society
Plan Europe 2000 : Project 1; educating man for the 21st century. Volume 4, Education and division of labour : middle- and long-term prospectives in European technical and vocational education
"Exploring the development of educational provision and contemporary issues, this bookcovers the countries that made up the European Union from its foundation to the signing of the Treaty of Nice: Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Portugal, Spain, Sweden and The Netherlands. The chapters, written by regional experts, offer a review of contemporary national and regional educational structures and policies, research innovation and trends, as well as covering selected issues and problems including the effects of educational reform and systemic changes within the school and university systems, minority languages, and intercultural changes for indigenous and new immigrant populations"--
Leadership and the reform of education
The changing politics of education : prospects for the 1980's
On education : in clear and simple terms : essays on the development of the post-communist education
Research of vs research for education policy : in an era of transnational policy-making
Education at a glance 2008 : OECD indicators
Educational leadership and changing contexts in families, communities, and schools
School days, rule days : the legalization and regulation of education
China's science, technology, and education
Education between state, markets and civil society : comparative perspectives
Modernising vocational education and training : fourth report on vocational training research in Europe : background report. Vol. 2
Guidelines for policies and systems development for lifelong guidance : a reference framework for the EU and for the commission : brief summary
Participation in education in Europe
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
Education reform in postwar Japan : the 1946 U.S. education mission
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
A periphery extending into Europe? : a study of the politics of education within higher education reform in Georgia
The Finnish success in Pisa - and some reasons behind it : Pisa 2000
Educational policy borrowing : historical perspectives
Russian education system in transition towards democracy - future teachers' perspective
Understanding the school curriculum : theory, politics and principles
The university in chains : confronting the military-industrial-academic complex
Since education in family to system aspects of education
In 2013–2015, JAMK University of Applied Sciences implemented a national pilot project Diploma of Higher Education based on a proposal by the Finnish Ministry of Education and Culture. The aim was to determine the need for working life for competence modules consisting of parts of higher education degrees which diversify the offering and participants. Similar higher education programmes have grown more common internationally. JAMK UAS implemented four diploma of higher education programmes as UAS open studies: Agricultural Entrepreneur Business Competence, Gerontological Rehabilitation, HR and Financial Specialist and Purchasing Specialist. The aim of the students was to expand their competence, develop their own work and further advance in their careers. For the training to succeed, it was important to invest in instruction, support group formation and have flexible implementation models. The students were able to develop their competence based on their own individual needs and the needs of working life, regardless of their educational background. Groups that promoted peer learning and networking were felt to be the strengths of the training. The costs for students were also very moderate. If needed, the studies can later be credited towards a degree programme. Diplomas of higher education are a quick and flexible way to implement various competence modules that meet the needs of working life. The students and employers have appreciated the pre-packaged, clear and sufficiently advanced competence modules of 60 ECTS cr.
Joel Spring's American Education introduces readers to the historical, political, social, and legal foundations of education and to the profession of teaching in the United States. In his signature straightforward and concise approach to describing complex issues, Spring illuminates events and topics and that are often overlooked or whitewashed, giving students the opportunity to engage in critical thinking about education. In this edition he looks closely at the global context of education in the U.S. Featuring current information and challenging perspectives―with scholarship that is often cited as a primary source, students will come away from this clear, authoritative text informed on the latest topics, issues, and data and with a strong knowledge of the forces shaping of the American educational system. Changes in the 17th Edition include new and updated material and statistics on economic theories related to "skills" education and employability, the conflict between a skills approach and cultural diversity, political differences regarding education among the Republican, Democratic, Libertarian and Green parties, social mobility and equality of opportunity as related to schooling, global migration and student diversity in US schools, charter schools and home schooling.
Handbook of the economics of education. Vol. 1
Adjustment and human resources development : sixth item on the agenda
Perspectives on world education
Biography, shift-labour and socialisation in a northern industrial city - the far north : particularities of labour and human socialisation : proceedings of the international conference in Novy Urengoy, Russia, 4th-6th December 2008
Plan Europe 2000 : Project 1; educating man for the 21st century. Volume 5, Education in the industrialised countries
The role of the pharmaceutical sector in malaria control in Ghana
American education
Imaginaries of early childhood education : societal roles of early childhood education in a transnational era of accountability
The social question and adult education = La question sociale et lʻeducation des adultes : European perspectives in the 19th and 20th centuries = perspectives européennes, XIXe - XXe siecles
Finland school professionals talk about educational change
World yearbook of education 2016 : the global education industry
Innovation, human capabilities, and democracy : towards an enabling welfare state
Enacting equity in education : towards a comparison of equitable practices in different European local contexts
Policy-practice gap in participation of students with disabilities in Ethiopia's formal vocational education programme
About the Finnish educational system
Toward a rational educational policy : an econometric analysis of Ontario, Canada, 1950-65 with tests 1966-68 and projections 1969-75
Life in schools : an introduction to critical pedagogy in the foundations of education
Contemporary education policy
Education and training monitor 2014. 1
European lifelong guidance policies : progress report 2013-14 : a report on the work of the European Lifelong Guidance Policy Network 2013-14
Health : the first prerequisite of the joy of life : the history of the subject of health education in Finland
Reviews of national policies for education : Belgium
Vocational teachers' professional agency in the stream of change
The RoutledgeFalmer reader in higher education
Educational organization and administration : concepts, practices, and issues
Age of indicators : changes in the Finnish education policy agenda
Getting started : universalising quality primary education in Bangladesh : incorporating the report on the Conference on Universal Primary Education in Bangladesh, held in Dhaka and Rajendrapur, 6 - 10 August 1996
Education in the European Union : pre-2003 member states
Internationalization of Finnish higher education   is language an issue?
Managing the European dimension in schools : case studies of experience
Educational policies for the 1970's : general report : conference on policies for educational growth, Paris, 3rd-5th June, 1970.
Education, persons and society : a philosophical enquiry
Education policy formulation in Tanzania : co-ordination between the government and international aid agencies
Education under siege : the conservative, liberal, and radical debate over schooling
Schooling in the workplace : how six of the world's best vocational education systems prepare young people for jobs and life
