http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2496 lawyers
lawyers
Ethics in the practice of law
Until we are free : my fight for human rights in Iran
Theodore Boone : the young lawyer
Women in law and law-making in nineteenth and twentieth century Europe
Speaking in tongues
The brother
Law and lawyers in the United States : the common law under stress
Ashes to dust
The ethics of lawyers
Jeremy Hutchinson's case histories : from Lady Chatterley's lover to Howard Marks
Lawyers and the rule of law in an era of globalization
Utterly monkey
Chambers global : the world's leading lawyers for business : 2004-2005 the client's guide
My husband's wife
The children act
A most wanted man
Royal Commission on Legal Services in Scotland. Vol. 2, Appendices. Part A. Numbers 1-6
A timely turn to the lawyer? : Globalisierung und die Anglo-Amerikanisierung von Recht und Rechtsberufen - essays
The Racketeer
The final reckoning
Darrow for the defence
Dissolution
Beyond ugly
Lawyers in Roman republican politics : a study of the Roman jurists in their political setting, 316 - 82 BC
Community. The complete fifth season
The Brethren
"An exuberant new novel, from an internationally bestselling author that will delight fans of Maria Semple's Where'd You Go, Bernadette?, and CBS's The Good Wife, about a modern-day superwoman who leans in so far she falls over. Liddy James is forty-four, fit, and fabulous. One of New York's top divorce attorneys, a bestselling author, and a mother of two, she glides through the courtrooms and salons of the Manhattan elite with ease. Despite a devastating divorce from her first love, literature professor Peter James, Liddy, Peter, and Peter's sympathetic new partner, Rose, have formed a modern family to raise Liddy and Peter's truculent teen and Liddy's adorable, if fatherless, six-year-old. With her lonely and impoverished New Jersey childhood far behind her, to the outside world Liddy's life is perfect. Until it isn't. When Rose announces an unexpected pregnancy, Liddy's beloved nanny takes flight, a high-profile divorce case becomes too personal, and child support and maintenance payments collide with a looming bill for a roof repair, Liddy realizes she might have finally bitten off more than she can chew. Sharply written and deftly observed, The Real Liddy James offers a sparkling glimpse into the demanding world of New York's fast-paced career women, challenging convention and asking the question: When the cost of having it all becomes too high, can we value living another way?"--
Alexander Hamilton
The swimmer : a novel
Community. The complete first season
Legal malpractice. Vol. 2, Sections 12.1 to 21.21
Sycamore row : a novel
The just ruler (al-sultān al-'ādil) in Shī'ite Islam : the comprehensive authority of the jurist in imamite jurisprudence
Lawyers and justice
Old Filth
An introduction to law and legal reasoning
Liability of lawyers and indemnity insurance
Avoiding extinction : reimagining legal services for the 21st century
The accused
Cordery's Law relating to solicitors
Encyclopedia of television law shows : factual and fictional series about judges, lawyers and the courtroom, 1948-2008
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 3
The execution of Noa P. Singleton : a novel
Ethics in practice : lawyers ́ roles, responsibilities, and regulation
Daisy in chains
Iran awakening : from prison to peace prize : one woman's struggle at the crossroads of history
Black water
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 4
Learning lawyers' skills
The disappeared
The horse dancer
Losing her job at New York City's largest law firm in the weeks after the collapse of Lehman Brothers, Samantha becomes an unpaid intern in a small Appalachian community, where she stumbles upon dangerous secrets
Revelation
Lawyers and vampires : cultural histories of legal professions
The perfect couple?
Blood whispers
Attacks on justice : the harassment and persecution of judges and lawyers January-December 1995
The silence
Exploring the relationship between gender and law in Europe from the nineteenth century to present, this collection examines the recent feminisation of justice, its historical beginnings and the impact of gendered constructions on jurisprudence. It looks at what influenced the breakthrough of women in the judicial world and what gender factors determine the position of women at the various levels of the legal system.Every chapter in this book addresses these issues either from the point of view of women's legal history, or from that of gendered legal cultures. With contributions from scholars with expertise in the major regions of Europe, this book demonstrates a commitment to a methodological framework that is sensitive to the intersection of gender theory, legal studies and public policy, and that is based on historical methodologies. As such the collection offers a valuable contribution both to women's history research, and the wider development of European legal history.
The Oxford book of legal anecdotes
The fugitive
Kasztner's train : the true story of an unknown hero of the Holocaust
He's a serial killer. A murderer of young women, all killed in brutal attacks. But despite Hamish Wolfe's conviction, he's always stuck to his story--he's innocent and he's been wrongly imprisoned. And now he wants someone to investigate and, more importantly, to write his story. Maggie Rose is a notorious defense attorney and writer whose specialty is getting convictions overturned. At first, Maggie is reluctant to even acknowledge Hamish's requests to meet, ignoring his letters. But this is a very charismatic and persuasive man, good-looking and intelligent. Eventually even she can't resist his lure...
Judicial independence: the contemporary debate
The rainmaker
Community. The complete second season
Tuesday's child
Community. The complete sixth season
Eversheds magazine
Lawyers in society : an overview
Snowfall at Willow Lake
Acclaimed author Attica Locke reintroduces us to environmental lawyer Jay Porter (her Black Water Rising protagonist), who takes one last case on the behalf of the community of Pleasantville in this new thriller--only to become embroiled in its shadowy politics, a disturbing education in how far those in power are willing to go to win.
The final judgement
Introduction to legal practice. Vol. 1
The perk
Rumpole at Christmas
Forever Rumpole : the best of Rumpole stories
Introduction to legal practice. Vol. 2
A dictionary of legal quotations
The associate
The hidden man
The street lawyer
The abduction
The real Liddy James
Wolf Hall
Under the knife
Royal Commission on Legal Services in Scotland. Vol. 1, Report
Private lives
Even dogs in the wild
The rogue hunter
Law and leadership : integrating leadership studies into the law school curriculum
The death collector
The activist
A house with no windows : a novel
Professional ethics and procedural fairness = Anwaltliche Ethik und Fairness im Prozess
Behind closed doors
Lawyers' liabilities
School judgment : Gakkyu hotei. 1, The Suzuki murder and dismemberment case
Jurisprudence. 4, part 6: application and enforcement of law; part 7: analysis of general juristic conceptions 4
Edge of eternity
Pleasantville
Sycamore Row
Interactive expertise : studies in distributed working intelligence
Growing up in the slums around Stockholm, Yasmine vowed to protect her little brother from harm. She broke her promise on the day she left home, abandoning Fadi to his fate: just another immigrant kid in the ghetto. It's been five years since Yasmine saw her brother, but she has thought of him every day. Then she gets a message that he is dead, killed by a US drone in Syria. But something doesn't add up. Could sweet-natured Fadi really have become a rebel soldier? And why are there rumours that he is still alive? As Stockholm erupts into the worst riots the city has ever known, Yasmine must comb the streets to find her brother, and uncover the truth. What she doesn't know is that the truth could destroy them all.
Next to die
Lawyers and their society : a comparative study of the legal profession in Germany and in the United States
The pride of Jared MacKade
Community. The complete fourth season
Mistress of justice
Gray mountain : a novel
The firm
Brief writing and oral argument
Law & peace
Assessing lawyers' ethics : a practitioners' guide
My hero : the indiscreet memoirs of an eventful but unheroic life
The barefoot lawyer : the remarkable memoir of China's bravest political activist
The chill of night : [a novel of suspense]
My soul to take
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 5
No safe place
The perfect couple
Rumpole and the penge bungalow murders
Divorce confidential : the explosive confessions of how the rich divorce
The partner track
French lawyers : a study in collective action, 1274 to 1994
The rise of the barristers : a social history of the English bar 1590-1640
The lawyer from antiquity to modern times : with particular reference to the development of bar associations in the United States
The crimson rooms
American Evita : Hillary Clinton's path to power
The guilty plea
Death Qualified
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 2
"This book is an alphabetical examination of the nearly 200 shows telecast in the U.S. from 1948 through 2008 involving courtrooms, lawyers and judges, complete with cast and production credits, airdates, detailed synopses and background information. The book includes an introductory overview of law-oriented radio and TV broadcasts from the 1920s to the present"--Provided by publisher.
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 1
Lawyer : opportunities for careers in the legal profession
Divine collision : an African boy, an American lawyer, and their remarkable battle for freedom
The younger man
Community. The complete third season
