http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24961 foreign students
foreign students
Haven without a brand : Baltic Sea region seen by Asian students and professionals
The Routledge intermediate Persian course : Farsi shirin ast : Book two
Messages from Finland : the exciting book about the experiences of a foreign student
INTEGRATION OF THE INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS OF KYMENLAAKSO UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCES INTO THE LOCAL SMEs
Swedish nouns and articles in German and Polish students' Swedish writing
Understanding employers’ perceptions of international graduates : an investigation of the employment prospects of Finnish-educated Chinese graduates in Finnish companies operating in China
Enhancing the employability of international graduates during education - a case study based on finnish universities of applied sciences
This study examines the possibilities of TKK's international degree students to find a job in Finland after their studies. The main purpose of this study is to improve TKK's cultural communication in terms of work life preparation for international degree students and to analyze their proficiency in the Finnish labour market. The primary research question of this study is: How can the job hunting process for international TKK students be improved? Secondary questions include: What strengths and weaknesses do international employees bring to an organization? How can they use their strengths to convince employers that they are potentially good employees? How can TKK's Career Services for international students be improved?    Altogether 14 persons contributed to this research process - three persons from TKK's personnel, nine international students and two company personnel. The data gathering process was carried out by using structured interviews and online questionnaires. The interviewees from TKK are all involved in the internationalization process at TKK, the students are international students currently studying at TKK and company personnel belongs to companies who are usually contacted by TKK on employment issues. The theoretical framework was based on a handbook of modern communication theory by Crowley & Mitchell. According to the research the Internet is the best means of communicating to students. It is reliable and can be easily updated. Information should be given to the students in a diplomatic and honest manner. It is important to inform them tactfully about their strengths and weaknesses by encouraging them to utilize the former as a benefit for the employer and to see the latter as a challenge that they can learn from. In this way they gain confidence and awareness, which helps them to convince employers of their uniqueness and cultural knowledge, which are things needed for modern companies operating on an international level.
Making a new life : a study of foreign degree students in the University of Helsinki
Development plan for work placements of foreign degree students. : case: HAMK University of Applied Sciences
Keeping foreign students interested in HAMK after the introduction of new tuition fees.
Working while studying overseas? : an inventory of the possibilities for non-EU/EEA students to work in a number of countries on the basis of a student visa
The globalization of higher education
Employment opportunities and challenges for foreign degree students
Encountering differences : study and learning environment culture-shock in Finland : (the case of Asian first year international students)
Depression among international students
"Students need to know that we belong here, regardless of where we came from" : a research of services for foreign degree students in Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences in the year 2010
Foreign students have travelled to Britain for centuries and, from the beginning, attracted controversy. This book explores changing British policy and practice, and changing student experience, set within the context of British social and political history.
African students in Turku : a study on the experiences of African students in higher education in Turku
A desire to learn and experience new things can take you a long way from home : [haastattelu]
Employability of international graduates educated in Finnish higher education institutions
An introduction to higher education in Finland : a brief guide for foreign students
Advanced and unusual : Finland as seen by international students and trainees
Challenges faced by first year foreign nursing students in Finland before their first practical placement
Contemporary internationalization in higher education
Exploring the impact and full potential of international education : questions of competitiveness, employment and integration
International degree students' integration into the Finnish higher education and labor market
Language and learning in the international university : from English uniformity to diversity and hybridity
Attitudes of Finnish students towards immigrants
Finnish language competency as the determining factor for successfully obtaining employment in Helsinki for foreign graduates of HAAGA-HELIA's Degree Programme in Hotel, Restaurant and Tourism Management
I wouldn't have come to Oulu for any other reason than this : an evaluation research of the master's degree programme in education and globalisation
Foreign students studying in Finland : case survey among Chinese students
Employability of international graduates educated in Finnish higher education institutions : a summary
Joint services : challenges of integrating international students : international degree student services in the metropolitan area
Tiivistelmä: The foreign nursing students' experiences of mentorship in practical training.
A guide for international students, University of Oulu
Nordic students abroad : student mobility patterns, student support systems and labour market outcomes
Guide for international students in Finland
Porvoo Campus and the international students' expectations
The Routledge Intermediate Persian Course: Farsi Shirin Ast, Book Two is the first intermediate level Persian textbook, written specifically for English-speaking university students, that makes use of up-to-date pedagogical techniques, and stresses the importance of communicative competence. The diversity of the texts in this textbook helps to familiarize students with a range of literary genres, and provides them with the necessary building blocks to continue reading on their own. One of the distinctive features of this book is its content-based and task-based approach to learning the language; all the material provided has been carefully selected to support and enhance a student-centred class environment. As with The Routledge Introductory Persian Course, all the texts in this volume are available online in the form of audio files. These texts are recorded by native speakers and available for instructors and students to download freely at http://www.routledge.com/books/details/9780415691376/. The Routledge Intermediate Persian Course: Farsi Shirin Ast, Book Two follows on where the first textbook ends and is ideal for all intermediate learners of Persian in their second year of study.
Usability study of the International Students' web pages of the Coventry University
Saturday night in Rovaniemi : foreign student style
Guide to international degree student services in the metropolitan area
The spy who loved school dinners
Peer interactions in new content and language integrated settings
Something in the snow
Foreign Students as Consumers in Kuopio
The Routledge introductory Persian course : Farsi shirin ast
Campus Finland
Stress, coping from stress and well-being among Nepalese male students in Kokkola
Going beyond free tuition : ways of getting students from India
The foreign nursing students' experiences of mentorship in practical training
Cross-cultural teaching and learning for home and international students : internationalisation, pedagogy and curriculum in higher education
Social Integration Programme : case: Lahti University of Applied Sciences, Faculty of Business Studies
The purpose of this thesis is to offer up to date information on the international students’ knowledge and attitude towards sustainable development in Oulu University of Applied Sciences. This thesis was commissioned by the Oulu University of Applied Sciences Sustainable Development Team. Similar study was conducted with the Finnish students in 2011. The research task was done in two parts. First the survey questions were translated to English and a few questions were added to gather more background information on the respondents. The primary research included data collection with an online survey, analysis and summary. The online survey was sent to all the students in English speaking degree programmes. The main conclusions from the survey were that the international students had good basic knowledge in sustainable development. Overall the students’ attitudes towards sustainable development were positive. Students felt that sustainable development issues are handled well in the schools everyday operations and that sustainable development teaching should be more practical.
International students in New Zealand : the making of policy since 1950
Experience-based knowledge and cultural differences: a survey of international FUAS students : Experience-based knowledge and cultural differences: a survey of international FUAS students
Culture matters : an international educational perspective
A spy in the archives : a memoir of Cold War Russia
This thesis is commissioned by HAMK University of Applied Sciences. The number of degree programmes conducted in English in HAMK UAS has grown significantly during recent years and as the amount of foreign degree students has increased, HAMK UAS has faced new challenges. The objectives of the thesis were to obtain an extensive picture of the previous researches on this topic area and the actions taken in order to improve the situation, to analyse the current state of HAMK's foreign degree students' work placements, to recognise the challenges that foreign degree students face when searching for work placement positions, and to give recommendations for HAMK in how it could enhance foreign degree students' chances in getting work placement positions from Finland. In order to reach the objectives, several prior researches were used to find out what is currently known about foreign degree students' integration to Finland and their access to jobs here and what has been done in order to improve the situation. A survey was conducted for foreign degree students of HAMK to discover the students' thoughts and experiences concerning work placements and integration to Finland. Interviews with the staff members were used to hear their thoughts and experiences about foreign degree students' work placements and to benchmark the work placement processes in degree programmes conducted in English. As a result of the research HAMK was given recommendations to re-check the resources allocated to work placement, to add the number of Finnish language courses and a course that focuses on the Finnish work culture, to enhance foreign degree students' contacts to employers and to the Finnish fellow students.
Written by a cross-cultural pair of authors, Ideas for Intercultural Education takes a critical look at present approaches to international education, focusing on the intercultural potential that it offers but mostly fails to deliver. The underlying premise of this profound, engaging book is that international education can be a transforming intercultural experience for hosts as well as visitors. Drawing on a review of the worldwide literature, especially studies from the United States, and two large interview programs with international students, the book dissects the obstacles and points the way to solutions in the classroom and beyond.
The handbook of foreign student advising
Analyzing and enhancing the image and content of online courses for non-Finnish students and non-Finnish courses at TAMK and amk.fi portal
Learning in the global classroom ; a guide for students in the multicultural university
The boundaries around the categories of student, migrant and worker have become increasingly fuzzy, as international students are often engaged not just in education, but also in high stakes and expensive journeys towards gaining permanent migration status. This book unpacks the social and political consequences of this education-migration nexus, the uneasy intersection between international education and skilled migration policies that has developed in many Western migrant-receiving nations. The book shows how the nexus has given rise to a new and unique form of transnational migrant: the student-migrant. The book examines student-migrants in terms of their transnationalism and in terms of their relationship to the state, and provides a detailed overview of policy development in concert with an analysis of student-migrants' lived experience. In doing so, it paints a vivid picture of how the macro-politics of state policy intersect with the micro-politics of migrants' transnational social practices.
An evaluation of international degree programmes in Finland
Understanding factors contributing to the academic engagement of international university students
Foreign students at Rovaniemi University of Applied Sciences
Unraveling the essence of Finnishness and Finnish visual culture
Guide for international students
Kokkola Chinese students' physical well-being
International degree student guidance and counselling : supporting the international student community at Turku University of Applied Sciences
Living in Finland : a brief guide for international students and trainees
Living in Finland : a practical guide for international students and trainees
Creating a better world : questions, actions and expectations of international students on sustainable development and its education
Foreign students in Europe : report of the seminar arranged by the National Union of Foreign Students Organisations in Finland (NUFSOF), 8th to 10th of March 1991, Torppa Course-Centre, Tampere
Internationalizing higher education : critical explorations of pedagogy and policy
Innovative, solutions in international education : MultiPro - 10 years of experiences from international multiprofessional studies
FACES - Finding And Connecting Employers with Students : a constructive study of the worker cooperative established for international student employment at HAAGA-HELIA Porvoo
Evaluation of an engineering programme for Namibian students
Understanding employers' perceptions of international graduates : an investigation of the employment prospects of Finnish-educated Chinese graduates in Finnish companies operating in China
Developing a conceptual model to study the international student market
International business meets student potential : Best practices from the ETENE! -project
International Club at Savonia UAS
Foreign students in Oulu Polytechnic School of Business Studies : what are the problems evolving from the multinational environment?
Support for international students in higher education : practice and principles
FINNIPS : joint efforts for internationalisation
Alcohol use among international students in Lapland
Selection of Finnish higher education services in international markets - insights into the choice and decision making of Chinese students
Foreign students : case studies at the University of Helsinki
Foreign student’ involvement in the enhancement of operations at University of Applied Sciences : case: Niemi Campus
Foreign degree students of UAS Seinäjoki Business School: : Motives for choosing Finland and UAS Seinäjoki
Demystifying outcomes assessment for international educators : a practical approach
The Finnish Network for International Programmes (FINNIPS) joins the majority of the Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (UAS) together in cooperation over the development of international education in Finland. The main task of the network is to arrange the entrance exams to the UASs’ English-taught degree programmes in a selection of countries outside Finland. However, along with the various development activities conducted within the network since its establishment at the end of 2009, the role of FINNIPS can be seen to stretch beyond the entry stage of studies. The network’s second publication is a cross-section of the various themes and on-going discussions that shape and affect the role and functions of international degree programmes in Finnish UASs. The topics regarding the quality and economic impact of education as well as the employment and social integration of the foreign higher education students are addressed in the articles of this publication. The wide array of themes dealt with in the articles contributes to the quest to acknowledge the various dimensions and effects of international education in Finland. Furthermore, the publication seeks to address the most topical questions and map the current challenges related to international UAS education and, at the same time, offer tools and accounts of best practices with regard to the further development of it.
Finland and Sweden : matching labor market needs with talented migrants
The latest financial crisis has given rise to sweeping transformations in labor markets. Today, many developed countries require a variety of skilled workers in order to develop a knowledge economy. Since these countries face certain internal demographic and educational problems that are obstacles to sustained economic growth, they require skilled migrant workers. Our study analyzes these situations in two Nordic countries, Finland and Sweden. We found that both countries are using an active strategy through policies aimed to attract and retain the most talented foreign students and workers, easing their entrance into labor markets and granting them permanent residence..
Open doors : report on international educational exchange. 2000
A History of Foreign Students in Britain
Integration of foreign students at Häme Polytechnic's International Business programme
How to integrate international students into private and business life in Ylivieska region
The Finnish Network for International Programmes (FINNIPS) joins the majority of the Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (UAS) and their English-taught degree programmes together in cooperation on entrance examinations and in broader terms, on development of international education in Finland. The network’s second publication is a cross-section of the various themes and on-going discussions that shape and affect the role and functions of international degree programmes in Finnish UASs. The topics regarding the quality and economic impact of education as well as the employment and social integration of the foreign higher education students are addressed from various angles in the articles. Overall, the publication seeks to address the most topical questions and map the current challenges related to international UAS education and, at the same time, offer tools and accounts of best practices with regard to the further development of it.
As an Equal Member of Society: Survey Study of Integration of Foreign Student's New Life Situation in Mikkeli
International degree students : a survey of studying, working and living in Turku
Talking internationalization : development of cultural means at TKK
Ideas for intercultural education
Transnational student-migrants and the state : the education-migration nexus
Courses in English
Porvoo and the whole region of Itä-Uusimaa is constantly growing and becoming a more and more important factor in the metropolitan area. To meet future demands a new campus is going to be built in Porvoo in 2010. The planning work is being done in co-operation with the city of Porvoo, two universities of applied sciences, i.e. Laurea and HAAGA-HELIA, and Posintra, a regional development company. The aim of the thesis was to find out what expectations international students had on the new campus. Data were collected by means of questionnaires consisting of relevant questions. The questionnaire included open questions and the students could freely respond and express their own thoughts. The theoretical framework of the thesis comprises three main fields: Itä-Uusimaa as a region, campuses in general and HAAGA-HELIA from the international viewpoint. The region was described and a swot analysis was made of it. Campuses in general were discussed and some examples on both domestic and international campuses were presented. There is also information on HAAGA-HELIA and its international activities. The questionnaire was handed to the first, second and third year international students who study at HAAGA-HELIA Porvoo. The third year students were not that eager to answer the questionnaire. The reason to that was that they are about to graduate and will therefore not study at HAAGA-HELIA in 2010. After analysing the answers from the respondents it was clear that the students wanted the New Porvoo Campus 2010 to be big enough, with a bigger library, bigger cafeteria with a larger number of seats, and with dormitories within the area of the new campus. When asked about the free time activities and hobbies most of the respondents wanted to find a gym and also space to practice different sports like football and basketball.
Study guide
Crossing customs : international students write on U.S. college life and culture
Teaching international students in vocational education : new pedagogical approaches
Peterson's applying to colleges and universities in the United States : a handbook for international students
Chinese students' difficulties and adaptation in Finnish academic context : a study of Chinese students in the University of Turku
Study skills for international postgraduates
Study of attitudes and language use of non-native students in the university of Hertfordshire
Awareness and co-operation : keys to the student market of St. Petersburg
Studying and living in Britain 1995 : the British Council's guide for overseas students and visitors
Perceptions of European higher education in third countries
"With all the good and bad things, I think it was great!" : a case study of German high school students' experiences of their exchange year in Finland
One step forward : the student market in China
Attitudes towards sustainable development
Sophomore switch
Journey of the phoenix : overseas study and women's changing position in China
International student security
Foreign degree students' perception of HAAGA-HELIA's internationality
Beyond studies : struggles and opportunities : perspectives on international student's settlement in Finland
The Routledge Introductory Persian Course: Farsi Shirin Ast is an innovative Persian language course designed both for undergraduate and postgraduate students who are new to the language. Focusing both on grammatical and communicative competence, the course contains 15 lessons combining authentic dialogues and texts with grammar explanations, exercises and audio materials to guide and support the student through the key skills of reading, writing, speaking and listening. Key features: lively, content-based materials – the language is taught and practiced through a variety of dialogues and texts on the culture, history, and traditions of Iran complete vocabulary lists – each vocabulary entry contains the English meaning, the part of speech in Persian, as well as a sample sentence in Persian colloquial situational dialogues – students are introduced to spoken Persian from the outset carefully controlled exercises – new grammatical points are practiced in a variety of controlled exercises that bridge between students’ existing information and the new information audio material – students can develop natural pronunciation by imitating the audio recordings of the vocabulary, dialogues, and texts available freely on the companion website glossaries – comprehensive Persian to English and English to Persian glossaries. The Routledge Introductory Persian Course: Farsi Shirin Ast provides everything that students and instructors need for an engaging and effective learning environment. Pouneh Shabani Jadidi is Head of the Persian Language Program and Faculty Lecturer in Persian at the Institute of Islamic Studies, McGill University, Montreal, Canada. Dominic Parviz Brookshaw is Lecturer in Persian Studies and Iranian Literature at the University of Manchester, UK.
Trade schools, universities, and programs for international students have begun to experiment with Content and Language Integrated Learning (CLIL) as a viable pedagogy for instruction, as the pedagogy of CLIL increasingly gains recognition as a practical form of language and content education in Europe and beyond, and its application in instructional settings becomes more diverse. Corresponding with CLIL's growth, this book focuses on foreign language use during peer interactions in a new CLIL setting. It particularly concentrates on how to conduct research when the focus is on learner interactions. The theoretical background, research methods, and research instruments are explained in a brief and understandable manner. This book is intended for those interested in CLIL and peer interactions and includes a framework and ideas for investigating new CLIL contexts in a practical manner allowing undergraduate and graduate students to conduct their own research in these settings.
Vietnamese students' decision making process on choosing a study destination and its marketing implications
Final evaluation of the Junior Executive Scholarship Programme (JESP) 1996-1998
Guidance and Orientation Manual : Internal Diseases Ward 11 - Central Finland Central Hospital
Survival guide for international students and trainees in Lappeenranta
An adventure in the land of the mid-night sun
The direct link between Finnish language competency and successful employment opportunities in Helsinki for the foreign graduate of HAAGA-HELIA's Degree Program in Hotel, Restaurant and Tourism Management is often diluted through hearsay and presupposition. The sheer uncertainty inherent in perceptions amongst the student body and the industry towards this issue instigated the author's decision to focus upon this topic for this thesis.    This research-based thesis aspired to uncover the link between Finnish language competencies of afore mentioned graduates and the Helsinki job market. Theoretical reference was acquired through a comprehensive review of available literature. Empirical research was conducted utilising a mixed methods approach between March and April 2009. With both qualitative and quantitative methods employed, a broad range of data was drawn upon to base conclusions. The philosophies of interpretivism and positivism were considered during the research process. Three groups constituted the avenues of response: Present students, past students and hospitality managers in Helsinki.     Data collated from these sources provided a worthwhile insight to the complex issue of the Finland's gradual internationalisation. Response from hospitality managers suggested there is a possibility for employees to obtain work regardless of their Finnish language skills. Whilst these positions were predominantly entry-level, there were examples given of foreigners successfully working at various levels of the hospitality hierarchy. Past students were equally divided over the restriction of their Finnish language skills in obtaining employment. This often was linked to whether they had remained in Finland and were still working in the hospitality industry. Present students expressed an emphasis on learning Finnish as a means to achieving desired success in Finland.    Secondary issues were raised during the data analysis stage. Perhaps the most notable was that of past and present students' positive perception of the Finnish Government's plan to introduce fees for certain international student programmes commencing in 2010.
Feeling at home : a guide to cultural issues for those working with international students
Identifying the secret of high quality finnish education : a perspective from foreign students
Vietnamese Students' Decision Making Process on Choosing a Study Destination and Its Marketing Implications
Survival guide for foreign students in Turku/Åbo
Foreigners studying nursing in Finland : a study about experiences from practical placements
Strange days : the experience of foreign students in Finland
Teaching international students : improving learning for all
International student support in european higher education : needs, solutions and challenges
Developing Multichannel, Cross-border Customer Service
Academic problems of foreign students in Finland : report on the seminar arranged during October 11-13, 1985 in Jyväskylä
