http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24976 private caretakers
private caretakers
The sound of music
The Andalucian friend
A gate at the stairs : a novel
Abstract: Identification and psychosocial support of families at psychosocial risk at maternity and child health centers.
The conceptions of care among family caregivers of persons living with HIV/AIDS in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
The Alzheimer's family : helping caregivers cope
What the nanny saw
Promoting child development and mental health in adult psychiatric care : a nurses' perspective
The sandcastle girls : a novel
According to yes
Family child care environment rating scale
Childminding : a guide to good practice
The water doctor's daughters
The mum-minder
All my sisters
When will there be good news?
Echoes from afar
Nurses and family health promotion : concepts, assessment and interventions
The invisible cat meets mad Nana Dot
How to be an outstanding childminder
Marge in charge
Foundations of community health nursing : community-oriented practice
Managing life with a memory disorder:the mutual processes of those with memory disorders and their family caregivers following a diagnosis
Community health nursing : promoting the health of aggregates
Negotiated care : the experience of family day care providers
Abstract: Teaching methods in parenthood education.
Nurses and families : a guide to family assessment and intervention
Who will sing my puff-a-bye?
Family-focused nursing care
The Sandcastle girls
Abstract: Path of studies with a family.
Negotiating helpful action : a substantive theory on the relationship between formal and informal care
Love that turns into terror intimate partner violence in Åland : nurses' encounters with battered women in the context of a government-initiated policy programme
Nanny returns
Jemima and Jake's new babysitter doesn't look too promising. In fact she looks very sensible, very old and VERY small (she only comes up to daddy's armpit!). But the moment their parents leave the house, Marge gives a mischievous wink, takes off her hat and reveals a marvellous mane of rainbow-coloured hair! Marge really is a babysitter like no other and the children spend a wild evening with her - racing snails, slurping chocolate soup and mixing potions in the bath! But if Jake and Jemima want her to babysit again it's time for them to take charge of Marge, tidy up and settle her down for a little sleep. Three hilarious, anarchic and charming MARGE stories from A-list actress, mother, writer and comedian Isla Fisher. Ages 7+
Gender, mobility and citizenship in Asia
Community health nursing : frameworks for practice
Selected readings in family nursing from the finnish perspective
Community health nursing : caring in action
The secret wife
Family day care in Germany - the gap between vision and reality
Promoting health in families : applying family research and theory to nursing practice
Contradictions of the welfare state, women and caring : municipal homemaking in Finland
Community health nursing : theory and practice
Family training practices in Finland: A public health nurses' perspective.
Marge and the pirate baby
Rethinking children's care
Mental health practice : a guide to compassionate care
Abstract: Family at risk in the context of maternity and child welfare clinic : mental health promotion as a point of view.
n the summer of 1935, 13-year-old Briony Tallis wildly misinterprets the relationship between her sister Cecilia and Robbie Turner, childhood friends home from Cambridge. So when her young cousin is assaulted, Briony gives in to her hyperactive imagination and blames the atrocity on Robbie. It is a terrible decision that alters lives and fills Briony with an everlasting sense of guilt / WorldCat.
The experiences, knowledge and education of nurses and midwives about the rainbow-families in nursing prarctice
The ghost lover
Nursing in partnership with patients and carers
Family caregivers of persons with Alzheimer's disease : focusing on the sense of coherence and adaptation to caregiving : an ALSOVA follow-up study
The experiences, knowledge and education of nurses and midwives about the rainbow-families in nursing practice
Community health nursing : primary health care in practice
The nanny diaries : a novel
Loving someone who has dementia : how to find hope while coping with stress and grief
Overstretched : European families up against the demands of work and care
Dementia care nursing : promoting well-being in people with dementia and their families
Family caregivers of persons with Alzheimer's disease: focusing on the sense of coherence and adaptation to caregiving : an ALSOVA follow-up study
Spoken from the heart
Combining paid work and family care : policies and experiences in international perspective
Who cares? : childminding in the 1990s
Partnerships in family care
1914 - Russia is on the brink of collapse, and the Romanov family faces a terrifyingly uncertain future. Grand Duchess Tatiana has fallen in love with injured cavalry officer Dmitri, but events take a catastrophic turn, placing their romance - and their lives - in danger. 2016 - Kitty Fisher escapes to her great-grandfather's remote cabin in America, after a devastating revelation forces her to flee London. There, on the shores of Lake Akanabee, she discovers the spectacular jewelled pendant that will lead her to an extraordinary, long-buried family secret.
The memory keeper's daughter
The participation of informal caregivers and care quality in the hospital care of elderly patients aged 75 or older : a time series study in three care settings
Community as partner : theory and practice in nursing
The childminder's companion : a practical guide to looking after other people's children
Hoitotiede 1991 : Pro Nursing ry:n vuosikirja : International nursing conference
Managing life with a memory disorder : the mutual processes of those with memory disorders and their family caregivers following a diagnosis
Elderly's view of family participation in long term care.
IEA preprimary study in Finland. 3, How parents and teachers express their educational expectations for developing and teaching young children
