http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24981 urbanism
urbanism
Green utopianism : perspectives, politics and micro-practices
Indian cities in transition
Theaster Gates
Urban rhythms : mobilities, space and interaction in the contemporary city
Cultural hijack : rethinking intervention
Globalization, modernity, and the city
"Utopian thought and experimental approaches to societal organization have been rare in the last decades of planning and politics. Instead, there is a widespread belief in ecological modernization, that sustainable societies can be created within the frame of the current global capitalist world order by taking small steps such as eco-labeling, urban densification, and recycling. However, in the context of the current crisis in which resource depletion, climate change, uneven development, and economic instability are seen as interlinked, this belief is increasingly being questioned and alternative developmental paths sought. This collection demonstrates how utopian thought can be used in a contemporary context, as critique and in exploring desired futures. The book includes theoretical perspectives on changing global socio-environmental relationships and political struggles for alternative development paths, and analyzes micro-level practices in co-housing, alternative energy provision, use of green space, transportation, co-production of urban space, peer-to-peer production and consumption, and alternative economies. It contributes research perspectives on contemporary green utopian practices and strategies, combining theoretical and empirical analyses to spark discussions of possible futures"--
Using Delhi ́s contemporary history as a site for reflection, Pirate Modernity moves from a detailed discussion of the technocratic design of the city by US planners in the 1950s, to the massive expansions after 1977, culminating in the urban crisis of the 1990s. As a practice, pirate modernity is an illicit form of urban globalization. Poorer urban populations increasingly inhabit non-legal spheres: unauthorized neighborhoods, squatter camps and bypass legal technological infrastructures (media, electricity). This pirate culture produces a significant enabling resource for subaltern populations unable to enter the legal city. Equally, this is an unstable world, bringing subaltern populations into the harsh glare of permanent technological visibility, and attacks by urban elites, courts and visceral media industries. The book examines contemporary Delhi from some of these sites: the unmaking of the citys modernist planning design, new technological urban networks that bypass states and corporations, and the tragic experience of the road accident terrifyingly enhanced by technological culture. Pirate Modernity moves between past and present, along with debates in Asia, Africa and Latin America on urbanism, media culture, and everyday life.
This title is about 20th and 21st-century literary and cultural formations of the postcolonial city and the constitution of new subjects within it. Varma offers a reading of both historical and contemporary debates on urbanism through the filter of postcolonial fictions and the cultural fields surrounding and containing them.
Mobility, markets, and indigenous socialities : contemporary migration in the Peruvian Andes
Iron curtains : gates, suburbs, and privatization of space in the post-socialist city
Antwerp, territory of a new modernity
Challenges in Practice and Education is founded on the belief that the forces of globalisation that have affected design practice for decades have, in recent years, manifested themselves in design education as well. The book brings together authors, practitioners and educators from ten countries across six continents, Australia, East Germany, the UK, the US, Mexico, Hong Kong, Finland, Central India, Greece and South Africa. Each contributor addresses radical design, architecture, art and politics and offers an overview of the socio-cultural and economic factors that affect the built environment in their particular region of the world. They discuss how the practices of architecture, interior design, planning and landscape architecture interact with these forces but, equally as importantly, how design education does the same. The contributions reveal that the issues that challenge us are more than just aesthetic. As concerns increase about the impacts of global environmental change, we are becoming increasingly aware that we struggle to understand the unique ecology and complex diverse cultures which characterise different cities. These, from a landscape architecture perspective, can be seen to be influenced by climate change, technological change, diminishing resources, pollution, water quality, energy sources and population dynamics. To respond to such challenges requires exploring new models of urbanism and place-making which encompass local perspectives and knowledge. It is clear that ‘one size fits all’ approaches will not do. Design for a Complex Worldpoints to the need to develop aesthetic and compositional ability together with the acquisition of technical and design knowledge. This may well require combined courses in town and country planning, urban design, architecture, interior design, landscape and environmental design.
The city : a study of urbanism in the United States
Children, youth and the city
Adaptationen = Adaptations :  Kim Adams, Arnait Video Collective, CCS/Urban Think Tank ... [et al.] : apexart, New York, 7.1. - 7.2. 2004 : Kunsthalle Fridericianum, Kassel, 27.3. - 2.5.2004 / Redaktion = editing Birgit Eusterschulte, Barbara Heinrich
Urban spaces in Japan : cultural and social perspectives
Oil and water : being Han in Xinjiang
Resilience in ecology and urban design : linking theory and practice for sustainable cities
Impressionism, fashion & modernity : [Musée d'Orsay, Paris, September 25, 2012 - January 20, 2013 : the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, February 26 - May 27, 2013 : the Art Institute of Chicago, June 26 - September 22, 2013] / edited by Gloria Groom ; with contributions by Heidi Brevik-Zender ... [et al.]
Design for a complex world : [challenges in practice and education]
The Viking world
Media and the city : cosmopolitanism and difference
Consciousness and the urban experience
Cities and low carbon transitions
In 1970, the influential French Marxist philosopher and sociologist Henri Lefebvre published a book titled The Urban Revolution, in which he advanced the hypothesis that "society has been completely urbanized." By this, Lefebvre meant that the process of urbanization creates the conditions for capitalism--rather than urbanization being an outcome of the circulation of capital--and that the consequences of this process therefore extended far beyond actual cities. Compiling both classic and contemporary essays on the "urbanization question," this book explores the various theoretical, epistemological and political implications of Lefebvre℗♭œ́s claim, with a series of analytical and cartographic interventions that reach beyond the conventional binaries of the topic (urban/rural, city/non-city, society/nature) in order to investigate the uneven implosions and explosions of capitalist urbanization across the globe--and what Lefebvre famously termed (in his book of the same name) "the production of space."
Becoming places : :  urbanism, architecture, identity, power
Urban herpetology
Popular culture in Asia : memory, city, celebrity
In Rethinking Feminist Interventions into the Urban, Linda Peake and Martina Rieker embark on an ambitious project to explore the extent to which a feminist re-imagining of the twenty-first century city can form the core of a new emerging analytic of women and the neoliberal urban. In a world in which the majority of the population now live in urban centres, they take as their starting point the need to examine the production of knowledge about the city through the problematic divide of the global north and south, asking what might a feminist intervention, a position itself fraught with possibilities and problems, into this dominant geographical imaginary look like. Providing a meaningful discussion of the ways in which feminism, gender and women have been understood in relation to the city and urban studies, they ask probing and insightful questions that indicate new directions for theory and research, illustrating the necessity of a re-formulation of the north-south divide as a critical and urgent project for feminist urban studies. Working through platforms as diverse as policy formulations and telling stories, the contributors to the book come from a range of disciplinary backgrounds and geographic locations ranging through the Caribbean, North America, Western Europe, South, East and South East Asia, the Middle East and Latin America. They identify a range of issues (such as care, work, violence, the household, mobility, intimacy and poverty) that they analytically address to make sense of and reanimate resistance to the contemporary urban through articulations of new grammars of gendered geographies of justice.
Aliens and strangers? : The struggle for coherence in the everyday lives of evangelicals
Bare house / [edited by Annu Wilenius ; essays Saara Hacklin ... [et al.]]
Zen spaces & neon places : reflection on Japanese architecture and urbanism
Contributed articles.
The urban transformation : health, shelter and climate change
Urbantumblr : a collection of post-posts / a pseudoblog as practice
Transnationalism and urbanism
A comprehensive examination of sustainable urbanism principles and practices and speculates about its future.
The postcolonial city and its subjects : London, Nairobi, Bombay
Constructing unity, living in diversity : a Roman decade / Taina Syrjämaa
Visions of empire : patriotism, popular culture and the city, 1870-1939
Living+ : for better living environments
Can neighbourhoods save the city? : community development and social innovation
Oxford Street, Accra : city life and the itineraries of transnationalism
Sustainable urbanism and beyond : rethinking cities for the future
The intelligible metropolis : urban mentality in contemporary London novels
Races to modernity : metropolitan aspirations in Eastern Europe, 1890–1940
Shrinking cities : international perspectives and policy implications
James Boswell's urban experience in eighteenth-century London
Rebel cities : from the right to the city to the urban revolution
Going public : public architecture, urbanism and interventions
Triumph of the city ; how urban spaces make us human
Utopia forever : visions of architecture and urbanism
Visions of the city : utopianism, power and politics in twentieth-century urbanism
Participolis : consent and contention in neoliberal urban India
London's turning : Thames Gateway-prospects and legacy
Urban art photography
Rethinking feminist interventions into the urban
Musical performance and the changing city : post-industrial contexts in Europe and the United States
Implosions/explosions : towards a study of planetary urbanization
Ecologies of urbanism in India : metropolitan civility and sustainability
Pirate modernity : Delhi's media urbanism
