http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2492 speech (phenomena)
speech (phenomena)
Quality of life after stroke : clinical, functional, psychosocial and cognitive correlates
The history and theory of rhetoric : an introduction
The acquisition of verbal morphology in cochlear implanted and specific language impaired children
The physics of speech
How to act and eat at the same time : the sequel : the do's and don'ts of landing a professional acting job
Fundamentals of speech science
Talking machines : theories, models, and designs
Robust emotion recognition using spectral and prosodic features
The physiology of speech and hearing : an introduction
Speech science : acoustics in speech
The talking yam
Discrimination of familiar and unfamiliar speech sounds
"Corpus Linguistics is becoming an increasingly important branch of language research and interest has spread noticeably beyond the confines of academia, fuelled by applications like text predicting software. The idea of priming in language goes back to the early 1960s with the concept of a 'Teachable Language Comprehender', which started experiments into language processing and which inspired one of Google's chief engineers. The concept of Lexical Priming (Hoey: 2005) aims to supply answers as to how we can explain word choices and construction forms that are more frequent than laws of probability would allow. This book provides a range of arguments to support the validity of Lexical Priming as a linguistic theory, while it also extends the reach of what Lexical Priming has been used to describe. Beyond the written-text material originally used, this book provides evidence that lexical priming also applies to everyday spoken conversations as its psychological foundations predict that it should"--
The sound shape of language
Development of a 4 kbps hybrid sinusoidal/CELP speech coder
Speech sciences at the University of Jyväskylä
Communication assessment and intervention strategies
Advances in speech, hearing and language processing : a research annual. Vol. 1
The Ugly one with the jewels and other stories
"I was a woman who was not a woman" : power and gendered speech in Scarpetta and the Scarpetta Factor
Speech training for children
Pattern recognition by humans and machines. 1, Speech perception
Discursive practices in organizational change
Sounds of silence : phonological awareness and written language in children with and without speech
My first words : with Baby Boo
Speech, place, and action : studies in deixis and related topics
Your voice and how to use it successfully
"Never fall into silence" : rock artists' politically persuasive messages
Proceedings of the 7th international seminar on speech production : Ubatuba, Brazil, December 13th to 15th, 2006 : ISSP'06
Signal processing of speech
Working with speech : perspectives on research into the Lancaster/IBM Spoken English Corpus
Pussy, king of the pirates
Essentials of human communication
Introducing Dialogic Teaching to Science Student Teachers
Syntax and speech
The speeches of outsiders in Acts : poetics, theology and historiography
Sweatbox : Spoken word live 1987-1988
The Boxed life
Techniques for spectral voice conversion
Improving prosody prediction for speech synthesis : with and without symbolic prosody features
Speech and voice science
It's the way you say it : becoming articulate, well-spoken and clear
Speech planning and dynamics
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
Ghost boy : the miraculous escape of a misdiagnosed boy trapped inside his own body
Applying machine learning methods to aphasic data
Dynamics of speech production and perception
George Kennedy's three volumes on classical rhetoric have long been regarded as authoritative treatments of the subject. This new volume, an extensive revision and abridgment of "The Art of Persuasion in Greece", "The Art of Rhetoric in the Roman World", and "Greek Rhetoric under Christian Emperors", provides a comprehensive history of classical rhetoric, one that is sure to become a standard for its time. Kennedy begins by identifying the rhetorical features of early Greek literature that anticipated the formulation of "metarhetoric," or a theory of rhetoric, in the fifth and fourth centuries b.c.e. and then traces the development of that theory through the Greco-Roman period. He gives an account of the teaching of literary and oral composition in schools, and of Greek and Latin oratory as the primary rhetorical genre. He also discusses the overlapping disciplines of ancient philosophy and religion and their interaction with rhetoric. The result is a broad and engaging history of classical rhetoric that will prove especially useful for students and for others who want an overview of classical rhetoric in condensed form.
Functional human neuroimaging using clinical tools : studies of cortical motor areas
The significance of physical aid in facilitated communication according to the facilitators' opinions
That voice sounds familiar : factors in speaker recognition
Acoustic studies of voice variation
Language, space and power : urban entanglements
The story of Jesus and the blind man : a speech act reading of John 9
Talking with horses : a study of communication between man and horse
Think tank
Speech presentation in Homeric epic
Proceedings of the 15th International Congress of Phonetic Sciences, Barcelona, 3-9 August 2003.. Vo. 3
Fluency in relation to speech planning phenomena in the spontaneous speech of Finnish speakers of English
Direct and indirect speech
Working the room : how to move people to action through audience-centered speaking
Total communication : structure and strategy
Powerful Presentations : Developing practical guidebook for students
The winter witch
Text entry by eye gaze
Segmental durations of speech
Examination of duplex perception with Finnish speaking subjects
Communication : apprehension, avoidance, and effectiveness
Speech management on the non-written life of speech
Speech, voice, language and cognition in individuals with spinocerebellar ataxia (SCA)
A rollins in the wry
Human responses to machine-generated speech with emotional content
The art of speeches and presentations : the secrets of making people remember what you say
Text to speech synthesis : new paradigms and advances
Let's talk business! : a task-based material package of public speaking and small talk in the BELF context
The man who listens to horses
Opening of the Finnish exhibition on trans-atlantic migration via the UK
Automatic speech and speaker recognition : large margin and kernel methods
I hate presentations : transform the way you present with a fresh and powerful approach [Ellibs-kirja]
Colloquial Finnish in subtitles : a survey on the British situation comedy Peep Show
Helping deaf and hard of hearing students to use spoken language : a guide for educators and families
How talking computers will recreate an oral culture by mid-21st century
Semioccluded vocal tract exercises : a physiologic approach for voice training and therapy
Rhytmical exercises as tools for rehabilitation following cerebellar stroke
Preliminaries to speech analysis : the distinctive features and their correlates
Mathematical methods for linear predictive spectral modelling of speech
Development of methodology for assessing counseling interactions : developing the Counselor Response Observation System and assessing applicability of heart rate variability to the measurement of client emotions during verbal reporting
Can i tell you about selective mutism : a guide for friends, family and professionals
Communication and swallowing management of tracheostomized and ventilator-dependent adults
Anatomy and physiology of the speech mechanism
Perception of natural and synthetic audiovisual Finnish speech
Language in hand : why sign came before speech
Live at McCabe's : Spoken word live 1990
Small talk : simple ways to boost your child's speech and language development from birth
The quest for prosperity and liberty : a study on the narrative romances of Park Chung-hee and Chun Doo-hwan
Finnish sound structure : phonetics, phonology, phonotactics and prosody
Silence is golden. Is speaking still silver in Finland? : Meanings of talkativeness for Finnsih adolescents
Psycholinguistics : experiments in spontaneous speech
Out of your mind : the links between brain and body
Essential baby sign language : the most important 75 signs you can teach your baby
Studies in rehabilitation of breathing, voice, and speech in patiens after total or subtotal laryngectomy
Indirect speech and language therapy for individuals with profound and multiple learning disabilities : an ecological perspective
A new history of classical rhetoric
Whistled languages
Encyclopedia of acoustics. Vol. 2, Ultrasonics, quantum acoustics and physicals effects of sound, mechanical vibrations and shock, statistical methods in acoustics, noise: its effects and control
First generation Finnish speakers in Australia - language maintenance and attitudes
The auditory processing of speech : from sounds to words
Interpersonal communication competence and collaborative interaction in SME internationalization
Painless presentations : the proven, stress-free way to successful public speaking
Introduction to Pragmatics guides students through traditional and new approaches in the field, focusing particularly on phenomena at the elusive semantics/pragmatics boundary to explore the role of context in linguistic communication. * Offers students an accessible introduction and an up-to-date survey of the field, encompassing both established and new approaches to pragmatics * Addresses the traditional range of topics -- such as implicature, reference, presupposition, and speech acts -- as well as newer areas of research, including neo-Gricean theories, Relevance * Theory, information structure, inference, and dynamic approaches to meaning * Explores the relationship and boundaries between semantics and pragmatics * Ideal for students coming to pragmatics for the first time.
Children of silence : The story of Sarah and Joanne's triumph over deafness
Special educational needs : a guide for inclusive practice
Findings and current opinion in cognitive neuroscience
Practical uses of speech communications
Why we curse : a neuro-psycho-social theory of speech
Speech motor control in normal and disordered speech : 4th International Speech Motor Conference, June 13-16, 2001 Nijmegen, the Netherlands : programm, proceedings
Communication : motivation, knowledge, skills
Now in its third edition, Communication: Motivation, Knowledge, Skills (previously Human Communication: Motivation, Knowledge, and Skills) is a textbook for the basic (hybrid) communication course at 2- and 4-year colleges and universities. Beginning with the premise that all forms of communication can be important, this text helps students develop a framework for choosing communication messages and behaviors that will allow them to communicate competently in any situation. Through a theoretically-based and skills-oriented approach, the text emphasizes the basic themes of motivation, knowledge, and skills across the contexts of interpersonal communication, small group communication, public speaking, and computer-mediated communication and mass communication. This book features the collaborative work of three recognized experts in the communication discipline, each of whom is a specialist in one of the three areas covered in the hybrid iteration of the basic communication course: Interpersonal communication, Brian H. Spitzberg; Small group communication, J. Kevin Barge; Public speaking, Sherwyn P. Morreale; offers an approach to the basic processes of human communication based on a communication competence model pioneered by Brian H. Spitzberg; and includes extensive coverage of mediated competence and mass communication. In addition to theoretically based but accessible content, all chapters have features designed to enhance teaching and learning.These include the story of a student experience that opens each chapter and is discussed and used to illustrate the chapter's content; tables and boxes related to important topics presented to intrigue student readers and lock in learning"; self-assessment tools students can use to evaluate their own motivation, knowledge, and skills related to real-world situations; and knowledge-building discussion questions and competence activities for home assignments or in-class groups at the conclusion of each chapter.
Among linguistic philosophers, speech act theory has illuminated the fact that uttering a sentence does not merely convey information; it may also involve the performing of an action. The concept of communicative action provides additional tools to the exegetical process as it points the interpreter beyond the assumption that the use of language is merely for descriptive purposes. Language can also have performative and self-involving dimensions. Despite their clear hermeneutical importance, the notions expressed within speech act theory have been generally neglected by biblical interpreters. The few who have applied speech act theory to the OT typically subsume the discipline into an eclectic type of literary/rhetorical criticism. Such an approach, though, tends to discount the distinctive notions expressed by theoreticians. This dissertation presents the basic philosophical concepts of speech act theory in order to accurately implement them alongside other interpretive tools. The above analysis leads to applying these concepts to "Isaiah" 41:21-29, 49:1-6, 50:4-10, and 52:13-53:12. These four sections intricately function within the overall prophetic strategy of chapters 40-55: the call to return or turn to Yahweh. The way these chapters describe the nature of this return is for the reader to forsake sin, acknowledge and confess Yahweh as God alone. The first passage represents the basic concerns of chapters 40-48 and specifically Jacob-Israel's deliverance from Babylon through Yahweh's Cyrus illocutionary act. The final three passages represent the servant leitmotif running throughout the chapters and implore the reader through self-involvement to embrace the role of Yahweh's servant.
Finnish oesophageal speech after laryngectomy : sound spectrographic and cineradiographic studies
Pause adjustment mechanism and measurement system (PAMMS)
Signals, sound, and sensation
From might to mandate : values in rulers' public speeches in Finland 1809-2000
Reacting to complex threats : the securitization in the speeches of Anders Fogh Rasmussen based on NATO's new strategic concept
Special educational needs in the primary school : a practical guide
A preterm child grows : focus on speech and language during the first two years
Neurobiology of Interval Timing
Phonetic distortion in the HeO2 environment
I want to talk : a child model of American sign language
Talk, talk, talk : investigation into the mystery of speech
Introduction to pragmatics
Teach your baby to sign : an illustrated guide to simple sign language for babies
Fighters, girls and other identities : sociolinguistics in a  Martial Arts Club
Speech processing and auditory processing disorders : causes, diagnosis, and treatment
This book contextualises case studies across a wide variety of languages and cultures, crystallising key interrelationships between linguistic standardisation and prescriptivism, and between ideas and practices. It focuses on different traditions of standardisation and prescription throughout the world and addresses questions such as how nationalistic idealisations of 'traditional' language persist (or shift) amid language change, linguistic variation and multilingualism. The volume explores issues of standardisation and the sociolinguistic phenomenon of prescription as a formative influence on the notional standard language as well as the interconnections between these in a wide range of geographical contexts. It balances the otherwise strong emphasis on English in English language publications on prescriptivism and breaks new ground with its multilingual approach across languages and nations. The book will appeal to scholars working within different linguistic traditions interested in questions relating to all aspects of standardisation and prescriptivism.
Shifts in participation frameworks in multiparty conversation
Mind, brain, and education : neuroscience implications for the classroom
Emotion recognition from speech using prosodic features
The adaptive brain. 2, Vision, Speech, Language, and Motor control
Cognitive psychology : a student's handbook
Speech perception and auditory performance in hearing-impaired adults with a multichannel cochlear implant
The varieties of the modern Udmurt language
The production of speech
Talking culture : ethnography and conversation analysis
Inner speech and thought
The Oxford handbook of language production
Review of speech and hearing sciences
Communicating the American way : a guide to U.S. business communications
Big ugly mouth : Spoken word live 1987-1988
Exploring professional communication : language in action
Papers in speech communication: speech perception
This is a voice : 99 exercises to train, project and harness the power of your voice
Speaking from Elsewhere : a new contextualist perspective on meaning, identity and discursive agency
Orality and literacy : the technologizing of the word
Speech and communication problems in psychiatry
Human butt : Spoken word live 1989-1990
The performative nature and function of Isaiah 40-55
The effects of long-term native language exposure on event-related potential (ERP) components N1 and MMN in typically reading adults
Proceedings of the 15th International Congress of Phonetic Sciences, Barcelona, 3-9 August 2003.. Vo. 1
Proceedings of the 15th International Congress of Phonetic Sciences, Barcelona, 3-9 August 2003.. Vo. 2
Basic speech
Your body, your voice : the key to natural singing and speaking
Language as the site of revolt in Medieval and Early Modern England : speaking as a woman
Tackling the complexity in speech
Towards an integrative information society : studies on individuality in speech and sign
The use of different style variants and style shifting and their functions in the speech of an EFL teacher
"An enthralling collection of nonfiction essays on a myriad of topics--from art and artists to dreams, myths, and memories--observed in #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman's probing, amusing, and distinctive style. An inquisitive observer, thoughtful commentator, and assiduous craftsman, Neil Gaiman has long been celebrated for the sharp intellect and startling imagination that informs his bestselling fiction. Now, The View from the Cheap Seats brings together for the first time ever more than sixty pieces of his outstanding nonfiction. Analytical yet playful, erudite yet accessible, this cornucopia explores a broad range of interests and topics, including (but not limited to): authors past and present; music; storytelling; comics; bookshops; travel; fairy tales; America; inspiration; libraries; ghosts; and the title piece, at turns touching and self-deprecating, which recounts the author's experiences at the 2010 Academy Awards in Hollywood. Insightful, incisive, witty, and wise, The View from the Cheap Seats explores the issues and subjects that matter most to Neil Gaiman--offering a glimpse into the head and heart of one of the most acclaimed, beloved, and influential artists of our time"--
Recovery through repetition : returning to prior talk and taking a stance in American-English and Finnish conversations
Cognitive models of speech processing : psycholinguistic and computational perspectives on the lexicon
No sweat! Elevator speech : how to craft your elevator speech, floor by floor, with no sweat!
The modern educational treatment of deafness : report on the international congress held at the University of Manchester 15th-23rd July, 1958
Aspects of Swedish speech rhythm
The political constraints on Russia's economic development : the visionary zeal of technological modernization and its critics
Why speaking is so easy? : Because talking is like walking with a mouth
Anatomy for speech and hearing
A key to Hong Kong's future? : the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong in the British parliamentary debates of 1988-1990
Variation and change in spoken and written discourse : perspectives from corpus linguistics
Choices in Deafness, since 1987 the preeminent guide to communication options, is now extensively revised and expanded to provide the complete scope of information parents of children with deafness or hearing loss need. From assessment and diagnosis to medical/audiological treatments, and from the latest types of cochlear implants and procedures to education and technology devices, this new edition presents a balance of research, guidance, and insight from experts and families.Seven new chapters plus an audio CD cover: -Universal Newborn Screening (implemented in 38 states, this required screening detects hearing loss much earlier, and has doubled the number of children found to have hearing loss) Auditory Neuropathy (a cause of hearing loss where the timing of sound is seriously disrupted, and which has only recently been understood) -Genetic Causes of Deafness (describes genetic testing and counseling in light of research that shows over 60% of deafness in children is due to genetic or hereditary causes) -The Transformation of Dreams (explores a shift in emotional outlook experienced by a parent/clinical psychologist upon learning her child is deaf) -Identifying a Program of Excellence (what to look for in an education program for your child in addition to the chosen communication option) -Communication Technology (services and devices that let deaf people communicate via phone, cell phone, Internet,video) -Making It in College (personal accounts of four students about how they communicate and socialize at college) -What Hearing Loss Sounds Like (a seven-minute audio CD depicts what speech sounds like as it simulates how hearing loss can affect pitch, loudness, and timing) As in the previous edition, Choices in Deafness presents five unbiased approaches to communication--Auditory-Verbal, ASL-English Bilingual, Cued Speech, Auditory-Oral, and Total Communication--and provides parents' first-person accounts of what it's like to use a specific method. Reading and resource lists round out this essential guide for parents.
Encyclopedia of acoustics. Vol. 3, Architectural acoustics, acoustical signal processing, physiological acoustics, psychological acoustics
Communication therapy : an Integrated Approach to Aural Rehabilitation
Rhetoric and medicine in early modern Europe
Resonance in storytelling : verbal, prosodic and embodied practices of stance taking
The use of context in pragmatic language comprehension in normally developing children and children with Asperger syndrome/high-functioning autism : an application of relevance theory
"Today the United Nations is more important than ever before" really? : analysis of the Finnish and Swedish communication styles in the General Debate of the United Nations General Assembly 1990-1999
Reading development of late talking toddlers with and without familial risk for dyslexia : a follow up study from age 2 to 15
Janner's complete speechmaker
Hearing gestures : vocalisations as embodied projections of intentionality in designing non-speech sounds for communicative functions
Observations on contractual speech acts
Emotions in the human voice. Vol. 2, Clinical evidence
How does Luke's portrait of the outsider help in exploring the theology and historiography of Acts? Previous studies of the author and his work have concentrated on the speeches given by insiders - members of the early Christian church - but until now the speeches of the outsiders have been marginalised by scholars in the field. Osvaldo Padilla takes an intriguing approach by concentrating on the direct speech of such figures, arguing that the portrayal of outsiders to a religious movement should not be neglected when considering the author's viewpoint. By exploring the place of outsiders in Old Testament and Second Temple literature, then offering comparisons with the depictions found in Acts, Padilla provides an insightful take on the subject that will prove invaluable to scholars and students of biblical and early Christian studies. -- Review: Review of the hardback: 'Padilla has identified a critical gap in past scholarship and has made important strides in determining the function of the speeches of outsiders in Acts and the rhetorical impact of these speeches on the Lukan community. This volume is engaging, well-researched, and well-written. Padilla has made a significant offering to scholarship on the book of Acts.' Review of Biblical Literature
Choices in deafness : A parents' guide to communication options
Speech masking in open-plan offices : a laboratory experiment measuring the effects of five masking sounds on performance and acoustic satisfaction
Symbolic and functional : code interaction in spoken Jerusalem Arabic
Through close analysis of texts, cultural and civic communities, and intellectual history, the papers in this collection, for the first time, propose a dynamic relationship between rhetoric and medicine as discourses and disciplines of cure in early modern Europe. Although the range of theoretical approaches and methodologies represented here is diverse, the essays collectively explore the theories and practices, innovations and interventions, that underwrite the shared concerns of medicine, moral philosophy, and rhetoric: care and consolation, reading, policy, and rectitude, signinference, selfhood, and autonomy - all developed and refined at the intersection of areas of inquiry usually thought distinct. From Italy to England, from the sixteenth through to the mid-eighteenth century, early modern moral philosophers and essayists, rhetoricians and physicians investigated the passions and persuasion, vulnerability and volubility, theoretical intervention and practical therapy in the dramas, narratives, and disciplines of public and private cure. The essays are relevant to a wide range of readers, including cultural, literary, and intellectual historians, historians of medicine and philosophy, and scholars of rhetoric.
Dissecting multilingual Beijing : the space and scale of vernacular globalization
Meaning and speech acts. Vol. 2, Formal semantics of success and satisfaction
The language and thought of the child
Hill or hell : identification of English vowels by Finnish schoolchildren knowing no English
Applied conversation analysis : intervention and change in institutional talk
Normal aspects of speech, hearing, and language
Advanced listening and speaking : CAE : with answer key
Verbal and nonverbal features of human-human and human-machine interaction : cost action 2102 international conference, Patras, Greece, October 29-31, 2007; revised papers
Prescription and tradition in language : establishing standards across time and space
An investigation into the role of exposure to speech sounds during sleep in auditory perceptual learning
The entropy of bones : a novel
Encyclopedia of acoustics. Vol. 1, General linear acoustics, nonlinear acoustics and cavitation, aeroacoustics and atmospheric sound, underwater sound
This book has two objectives: to demonstrate that, despite extensive evidence indicating a wholesale suppression of early women's speech, women were actively engaged in cultural practices and speech strategies that were both complicitous with patriarchal ideology, and yet subversive in undermining that ideology. Further, this book dissociates early women's self-expression from, solely, licentiousness by greatly expanding the scope, the consequences, and the cultural forces of early women's speech.
The view from the cheap seats : a collection of introductions, essays, and assorted writings
This book examines how young people at a martial arts club in an urban setting participate and interact in a recreational social community. The author relates analyses of their interactions to discussions of relevance to the sociology of sports, anthropology and education, ultimately providing an analytically nuanced contribution to the study of contemporary sociolinguistic processes and identity practices. The author explores how the young participants negotiate their place in the social order, create and maintain friendship groups and relate to different social categories using the ecological descriptions provided by linguistic ethnography. The book will appeal to researchers of discourse analysis, sociolinguistics, sport sociology, extra-curricular education and anthropology.
Walter J. Ong's classic work provides a fascinating insight into the social effects of oral, written, printed and electronic technologies, and their impact on philosophical, theological, scientific and literary thought. This thirtieth anniversary edition - coinciding with Ong's centenary year - reproduces his best-known and most influential book in full and brings it up to date with two new exploratory essays by cultural writer and critic John Hartley. Hartley provides: A scene-setting chapter that situates Ong's work within the historical and disciplinary context of post-war Americanism and the rise of communication and media studies; A closing chapter that follows up Ong's work on orality and literacy in relation to evolving media forms, with a discussion of recent criticisms of Ong's approach, and an assessment of his concept of the 'evolution of consciousness'; Extensive references to recent scholarship on orality, literacy and the study of knowledge technologies, tracing changes in how we know what we know. These illuminating essays contextualize Ong within recent intellectual history, and display his work's continuing force in the ongoing study of the relationship between literature and the media, as well as that of psychology, education and sociological thought.
Class, codes and control. 2, Applied studies towards a sociology of language
Espanol uño : start speaking Spanish quickly and easily for home, school, work, travel and recreation
Native listening : language experience and the recognition of spoken words
Effects of lingual nerve anesthesia on Finnish vowels : an acoustic comparison between vowels produced by male subjects under normal and anesthetized conditions
Alcohol and speech
Hearing and deafness : an introduction for health and education professionals
Lexical priming in spoken English usage
Designing sound for animation
Between orality and literacy : communication and adaptation in antiquity
Error error lataa patteri : from language alternation to global multilingual repertoires in Finnish youth radio programs in Finland and Sweden
A study on the promotion of adults' oral English communication and teacher development in liberal and tertiary education
This book is based on a twenty-five minute interview with Mike Barry, a seven-year-old deaf child. This book is departure from Dr. Hoemann's previous sign language textbook "The American sign language". Originally, the sign gloss was based on the English passage written. This translation was "forced" and somewhat contrived as the sign gloss was made by looking at the English passage. The glosses, using this approach, may reflect an unnatural execution of ASL grammar. The fact that Dr. Hoemann realized this and is willing to make changes in this work is commendable. He and Rosemarie Lucafo got together to do the work here, using first the deaf person's natural ASL conversation, and then began translating that into written English as any translator would do. The result is an admirable collection of children-talk and a detailed discussion of ASL aspects as presented by the child model.
Auditory Disorders in Children a manual for differential diagnosis
Inner speech and the dialogical self
Voice source modelling techniques for statistical parametric speech synthesis
Speech and sign perception in deaf children with cochlear implants
You say potato : a book about accents
Perception and learning of Finnish quantity : study in children with reading disabilities and familial risk for dyslexia and Russian second-language learners
Language : an introduction to the study of speech
Language resource management : transcription of spoken language = Gestion des ressources linguistiques : transcription du langage parlé
Emotions in the human voice. Vol. 1, Foundations
Verbal conditioning and behaviour
Human brain mapping using structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging and transcranial magnetic stimulation
Everything baby sign language book : get an early start communicating with your baby!
Radio speech communication and workload in military aviation:a human factors perspective
Mutual knowledge
Spoken language : papers from the Annual Meeting of the British Association for Applied Linguistics held at the University of Edinburgh, September 1985
Barsk : the elephants' graveyard
Encyclopedia of acoustics. Vol. 4, Speech communication, music and musical acoustics, bioacoustics, animal bioacoustics, acoustical measurements and instrumentation, transducers, index
The noblest animate motion : speech, physiology, and medicine in pre-Cartesian linguistic thought
Handbook of clinical speech physiology
Cognitive models of speech processing : psycholinguistic and computational perspectives
Text to Speech Software Comparison
Speech production and perception
This guide to sound design for animated films explains audio software, free downloads, how sound works, the power of sound when wielded by an animation filmmaker, and provides examples for how to use sound to enliven your films with professional sound.
Choices in deafness : a parents' guide to communication options
The blue notebooks
Morph-based speech retrieval : indexing methods and evaluations of unsupervised morphological analysis
Speech enhancement : theory and practice
