http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2495 advocates (lawyers)
advocates (lawyers)
Courting trouble
Clarence Darrow : attorney for the damned
Women in law and law-making in nineteenth and twentieth century Europe
How leading lawyers think : expert insights into judgment and advocacy
Jeremy Hutchinson's case histories : from Lady Chatterley's lover to Howard Marks
Lawyers in the European Community
Someone to watch over me
Information needs of lawyers : a case study evaluating the information needs of lawyers in a major City law
Royal Commission on Legal Services in Scotland. Vol. 2, Appendices. Part A. Numbers 1-6
Suits. Season one
Russian lawyers at the Soviet state : the origins and development of the Soviet bar, 1917-1939
The Racketeer
Independence- the quintessence of the lawyer
Bullen and Leake and Jacob's Precedents of pleadings
The gods of guilt
"A revealing, courageous, fascinating, and funny account of the author's experiment with microdoses of LSD in an effort to treat a debilitating mood disorder, of her quest to understand a misunderstood drug, and of her search for a really good day.  When a small vial arrives in her mailbox from "Lewis Carroll," Ayelet Waldman is at a low point. Her mood storms have become intolerably severe; she has tried nearly every medication possible; her husband and children are suffering with her. So she opens the vial, places two drops on her tongue, and joins the ranks of an underground but increasingly vocal group of scientists and civilians successfully using therapeutic microdoses of LSD. As Waldman charts her experience over the course of a month--bursts of productivity, sleepless nights, a newfound sense of equanimity--she also explores the history and mythology of LSD,  the cutting-edge research into the drug, and the byzantine policies that control it. Drawing on her experience as a federal public defender, and as the mother of teenagers, and her research into the therapeutic value of psychedelics, Waldman has produced a book that is eye-opening, often hilarious, and utterly enthralling"--
The setting aside of an arbitral award in Finland due to arbitrator bias
Suits. Season four
Ted 2
The litigators
The golden rules of advocacy
A clear conscience
The brethren
Next of kin
Accused
Small great things : a novel
Missing justice : a Samantha Kincaid mystery
Kill the messenger
The appeal
Red notice : how I became Putin's no. 1. enemy
A greater evil
Advocates Act
Cordery's Law relating to solicitors
Safer than houses
De Facto : Nordic legal business magazine
The Romanov prophecy : a novel
Life lessons from the monk who sold his Ferrari
The racketeer
The mind's eye : an Inspector Van Veeteren mystery
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 3
Ethics in practice : lawyers ́ roles, responsibilities, and regulation
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 4
Rumpole misbehaves : a novel
Phillip Snowe is a genius of the advertising world but what he can no longer do is sell himself to himself. Struggling to find meaning, he quits his career to give something back. Julia, his wife, a brilliant and beautiful lawyer, fights her own demons, but with her intelligence and hard work, she believes she can keep them at bay. And so far she has. Into their lives comes Laura Cusack, a single mother torn between the demands of her young daughters and her own unfilled passions.
A naked singularity
Jack Irish, part 1 : bad debts
Exploring the relationship between gender and law in Europe from the nineteenth century to present, this collection examines the recent feminisation of justice, its historical beginnings and the impact of gendered constructions on jurisprudence. It looks at what influenced the breakthrough of women in the judicial world and what gender factors determine the position of women at the various levels of the legal system.Every chapter in this book addresses these issues either from the point of view of women's legal history, or from that of gendered legal cultures. With contributions from scholars with expertise in the major regions of Europe, this book demonstrates a commitment to a methodological framework that is sensitive to the intersection of gender theory, legal studies and public policy, and that is based on historical methodologies. As such the collection offers a valuable contribution both to women's history research, and the wider development of European legal history.
The ex
Lawyers and the public interest : a study in restrictive practices
The brass verdict
Rights, liability and ethics in international legal practice
Conviction
The summons
The fall
All day and a night : a novel of suspense
My past is now : further memoirs of a labour lawyer
No one wants to be Miss Havisham
Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney : Nintendo DS
Lawyers in society : an overview
The defence
Advocates act : translations of Finnish legislation
The whole truth
The defense counsel
Seducing the heiress
The dog
The devil's mask
A really good day : how microdosing made a mega difference in my mood, my marriage, and my life
The Ophelia cut
The reality of law : work and talk in firm of criminal lawyers
Applying statistics in the courtroom : a new approach for attorneys and expert witnesses
The associate
The abduction
Plain truth
Royal Commission on Legal Services in Scotland. Vol. 1, Report
The devil's advocate : a short polemic on how to be seriously good in court
The keeper
Lay down my sword and shield
Law as engineering : thinking about what lawyers do
The woman in the picture
The directive
Professional ethics and procedural fairness = Anwaltliche Ethik und Fairness im Prozess
"In an effort to treat a debilitating mood disorder, Ayelet Waldman undertook a very private experiment, ingesting 10 micrograms of LSD every three days for a month. This is the story--by turns revealing, courageous, fascinating and funny--of her quietly psychedelic spring, her quest to understand one of our most feared drugs, and her search for a really good day"--
The reversal
Rogue lawyer
The crossing
The woman on the stairs
Ethics in practice : lawyer's roles, responsibilities, and regulation
Suits. Season five
The last alibi
Gender, choice and commitment : women solicitors in England and Wales and the struggle for equal status
Law : a very short introduction
The opposite sex
Discover your destiny with the monk who sold his Ferrari : the 7 stages of self-awakening
Common sense rules of advocacy for lawyers
Suits. Season three
The international
Advocates in norm-building : gender mainstreaming in conflict resolution, peacekeeping and peace-building
Ophelia in pieces
The common lawyer
The firm
The art of hearing heartbeats : a novel
The sword of justice
Cordery's law relating to solicitors
Handbook of professional conduct for solicitors
Felix Frankfurter reminisces : recorded in talks with Harlan B. Phillips
Charles Areskine's library : lawyers and their books at the dawn of the Scottish enlightenment
The library of shadows
Professional responsibility in a nutshell
Bleedout
Lawyers and judges : the ABA and the politics of judicial selection
Olivia Randall is one of New York City's best criminal defense lawyers. When she hears that her former fiance, Jack Harris, has been arrested for a triple homicide--and that one of the victims was connected to his wife's murder three years earlier--there is no doubt in her mind as to his innocence. The only question is, who would go to such great lengths to frame him--and why?  For Olivia, representing Jack is a way to make up for past regrets and absolve herself of guilt from a tragic decision, a secret she has held for twenty years. But as the evidence against him mounts, she is forced to confront her doubts. The man she knew could not have done this. But what if she never really knew him?
Blood from stone
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 5
"A woman and her husband admitted to a hospital to have a baby requests that their nurse be reassigned - they are white supremacists and don't want Ruth, who is black, to touch their baby. The hospital complies, but the baby later goes into cardiac distress when Ruth is on duty. She hesitates before rushing in to perform CPR. When her indecision ends in tragedy, Ruth finds herself on trial, represented by a white public defender who warns against bringing race into a courtroom. As the two come to develop a truer understanding of each other's lives, they begin to doubt the beliefs they each hold most dear" / Library of Congress.
The partner track
The savage altar
Lawyers in Soviet work life
A lawyer's guide to the computer : master or servant
The rise of the barristers : a social history of the English bar 1590-1640
The king of torts
The last best hope
Damages. The complete fourth season
A lawyer when needed
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 2
The Devil's mask
Reckless abandon
The enchanted
The barrister's world : and the nature of law
Phoenix Wright : Ace attorney. Volume 1
Advocates
The age of reinvention
The challenge of globalization
Divine collision : an African boy, an American lawyer, and their remarkable battle for freedom
Access to criminal justice
Suits. Season two
