http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24954 iPhone
iPhone
iPhone all-in-one for dummies
Designing an augmented reality application on the iOS
My iPhone : covers iPhone 3GS, 4, and 4S running iOS 5
Beginning iOS 5 Application Development
Tapworthy : designing great iPhone apps
Professional iPhone and iPad database application programming
iPhone 3G
¡Phone application development : strategies for efficient mobile design and delivery
IPhone® 3D game programming all in one
Online Food Shop for iPhone
Beginning iOS game center and game kit : for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch
iPhone for programmers : an App-driven approach
Abstract: Post-purchase evaluation in the smartphone market : an investigation into cognitive dissonance among iPhone and other smartphone brand owners. Purpose    The main objective was to investigate whether iPhone owners experienced less cognitive post-purchase dissonance than other brand owners and was this due to the marketing communications efforts of Apple Inc., from hereon called Apple. Finally, the influence of Web 2.0 in the process of post-purchase evaluation was examined. Web 2.0 is a version of the Internet and it encourages towards user engagement on websites such as Facebook.    Methodology    A critical review of the literature on cognitive dissonance was carried out and an online questionnaire was sent out to three hundred and five people. Sixty-eight responses were received. Of the respondents, forty-nine had a smartphone, of which twelve had an iPhone and thirty seven had other brand phone. Both quantitative and qualitative research methods were applied, but the emphasis was on quantitative.    Findings    In many instances iPhone owners were more satisfied with their choice than the other brand owners. However, there were no particular indicators of the other brand owners being distinctively more dissonant than iPhone owners. There was no particular difference in the recall rate of traditional marketing communications efforts of Apple between iPhone and the other brand owners, but iPhone owners were significantly more present in Web 2.0 and recalled encountering iPhone more.    Research Limitations/Implications    The survey was carried out in the smartphone market with a small sample so caution needs to be taken when generalising the results. It would be interesting to study all brands as separate groups and compare the level of dissonance between them.    Practical Implications    The main conclusion was that more effort should be put on marketing communications in Web 2.0 when aiming to decrease dissonance.    Originality/Value    As there is little published literature or research on the Web 2.0 and cognitive dissonance in the smartphone market, this study provides valuable insight on smartphone owners' post-purchase evaluation and behaviour online.
Effective ways of marketing iOS apps with limited or zero budget, Case study: Kajak Games
Looks at photo applications and describes how to create artistic images on one's iPhone.
Post-purchase evaluation in the smartphone market : an investigation into cognitive dissonance among iPhone and other smartphone brand owners
Dogfight : how Apple and Google went to war and started a revolution
iPhone and iOS forensics : investigation, analysis and mobile security for apple iPhone, iPad, and iOS devices
Iphone® application development all-in-one for dummies®
Beginning iPad development for iPhone developers : mastering the iPad SDK
Mobile digital art : using the iPad and iPhone as creative tools
Provides information on building data-centric applications for the iPhone and the iPad, covering such topics as SQLite, TableView, core data, XCode, schema migration, Cocoa, XML, and Web services.
Creating Games with cocos2d for iPhone 2 : master cocos2d through building nine complete games for the iPhone
MacRuby : the definitive guide
iPhone® application development all-in-one for dummies®
iPhone photography & video for dummies
Designing the iPhone user experience : a user-centered approach to sketching and prototyping iPhone apps
The independent guide to the iPad
Sams teach yourself iPhone® application development in 24 hours
iPhone and iPad apps for absolute beginners
This is a complete guide to iPhone and iPod Touch game development. Beginning with the basics and ending with a finished game published in the App store this book covers all the fundamentals. The combined strength of Unity and the iPhone development platform are used to full effect allowing even complete novices to create and publish an iPhone game.
iPhone programming : the big nerd ranch guide
Head first iPhone and iPad development
Studying mobile media : cultural technologies, mobile communication, and the iPhone
Professional iPhone and iPad application development
Incredible iPhone apps for dummies
My iPhone
Studying mobile media
iPhone secrets : do what you never thought possible with your iPhone
Introduction to wireless localization : with iPhone SDK examples
iCreate : Helsinki
Making movies with your iPhone : shoot, edit, and share from anywhere
Learning iphone programming
iOS 7 programming cookbook
iPhone : the missing manual
iPhone life : e-lehti
Moving data : the iphone and the future of media
iPhone application development : a study of implementing a communication application based on Bluetooth
Software development for mobile devices: iPhone OS vs. Maemo
HTML5 iPhone web application development : an introduction to web-application development for mobile within the iOS Safari browser
Learn Objective-C for Java developers
Beginning iPhone 4 development : exploring the iOS SDK
iPhone hacks
iPhone obsessed : photo editing experiments with Apps
The Iphone pocket guide
Professional iPhone and iPod touch programming : building applications for Mobile Safari
Professional iPhone programming with MonoTouch and .NET/C#
An Introduction to iPhone Hardware, Operating System, Applications and Development of iPhone Applications
iCloud : for iPhone, iPad, iPod, Mac, and Windows
Beginning iOS 4 application development
Windows Phone 7 for iPhone developers
iPad programming : a quick-start guide for iPhone developers
iPhone & iPad for musicians for dummies
Der i-Kosmos : Macht, Mythos und Magie einer Marke = The i-cosmos : might, myth and magic of a brand
Beginning iPhone 3 development  : exploring the iPhone SDK
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
Iphone OS development : your visual blueprint for developing apps for Apple's mobile devices
iOS 4 programming cookbook
Idea to iPhone : the essential guide to creating your first app for the iPhone and iPad
Iphone for dummies
Geolocation in iOS
The iPhone book : how to do the most important, useful & fun stuff with your iPhone
Beginning iOs Apps with Facebook and Twitter APIs :  for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch
iOS wow factor : apps and UX design techniques for iPhone and iPad
iPhone fully loaded
Beginning iOS Cloud and database development
The iPhone represents an important moment in both the short history of mobile media and the long history of cultural technologies. Like the Walkman of the 1980s, it marks a juncture in which notions about identity, individualism, lifestyle and sociality require rearticulation. this book explores not only the iPhone's particular characteristics, uses and "affects," but also how the "iPhone moment" functions as a barometer for broader patterns of change. In the iPhone moment, this study considers the convergent trajectories in the evolution of digital and mobile culture, and their implications for future scholarship. Through the lens of the iPhone--as a symbol, culture and a set of material practices around contemporary convergent mobile media--the essays collected here explore the most productive theoretical and methodological approaches for grasping media practice, consumer culture and networked communication in the twenty-first century.
Post-Purchase Evaluation in the Smartphone Market: An Investigation into Cognitive Dissonance among iPhone and Other Smartphone Brand Owners
iOS 5 developer's cookbook : core concepts and essential recipes for iOS programmers
iPhone & iPod touch QuickSteps
Developing an edutainment game for the iPhone : case study: Rockway App
Coverage includes: Navigation, Alerts & Action Sheets & Modal Views, Custom Table Views, The Split View, Touch Events, Notification Processing, Networking Concepts, Multimedia, Application Preferences, Data Storage, The Pasteboard, Unit Testing, Performance Tuning and Optimization, 	Integrating iAds, Multitasking.
iPhone for dummies
iOS programming : the Big Nerd Ranch guide
iPhone 3D programming : developing graphical applications with OpenGL ES
How to do everything : iPhone 4S
This book provides a comprehensive overview of the entire landscape of both outdoor and indoor wireless positioning, and guides the reader step by step in the implementation of wireless positioning applications on the iPhone. Explanations of fundamental positioning techniques are given throughout the text, along with many programming examples, providing the reader with an independent, practical, and enjoyable learning of the material while gaining a real feel for the subject. . Provides an accessible introduction to positioning technologies such as Global Positioning System and Wi-Fi positioning. Presents hands-on skills to iOS 5.0 programming for location-aware applications. Gives a thorough grounding in signal propagation, line-of-sight and interference effects for accurate positioning. Covers the location-aware video streaming and conferencing with practical iPhone application examples. Accompanied by a website containing programming code described in the text and lecture presentation slides for instructors This book is primarily intended for anyone who wants to study wireless localization. It is an ideal textbook for graduate students who are first learning localization techniques, as well as advanced undergraduates in computer science interested in translating localization concepts into real code. Professionals, engineers and researchers working in location-aware services and related techniques using mobile positioning and AI technologies will find this book to be a helpful reference.Companion website for the book:www.wiley.com/go/chan/wireless.
The unauthorized guide to iPhone, iPad, and iPod repair : a DIY guide to extending the life of your iDevices!
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
"The iPhone represents an important moment in both the short history of mobile media and the long history of cultural technologies. Like the Walkman of the 1980s, it marks a juncture in which notions about identity, individualism, lifestyle and sociality require rearticulation. this book explores not only the iPhone's particular characteristics, uses and "affects," but also how the "iPhone moment" functions as a barometer for broader patterns of change. In the iPhone moment, this study considers the convergent trajectories in the evolution of digital and mobile culture, and their implications for future scholarship. Through the lens of the iPhone as a symbol, culture and a set of material practices around contemporary convergent mobile media the essays collected here explore the most productive theoretical and methodological approaches for grasping media practice, consumer culture and networked communication in the twenty-first century."--
iPhone 3D game programming all in one
iPhone 4S for dummies
iPhone application development for dummies
Battle of the titans : how the fight to the death between Apple and Google is transforming our lives
iPad and iPhone video : film, edit, and share the Apple way
The business of iPhone and iPad app development : making and marketing apps that succeed
iOS programming : the big nerd ranch guide
A Smartphone Company's Innovative Marketing Strategy in the Chinese Market : A case study of iPhone
Cocos2d for iPhone 1 game development cookbook : over 90 recipes for iOS 2D game development using cocos2d
Professional Flash mobile development : creating Android and iPhone applications
IPhone app development : the missing manual
Working with jqTouch to build websites on top of jQuery
iOS 8 swift programming cookbook : solutions & examples for iOS apps
My Pilates guru : your ultimate Pilates instructor
The iPhone developer's cookbook : building applications with the iPhone SDK
Sixty tips for creative iPhone photography
iOS 6 programming : pushing the limits
The core iOS 6 developer's cookbook
The rough guide to the iPhone
The best camera is the one that's with you
iPhone SDK application development
iPhone for programmers : an app-driven approach
Mobile game for iPhone: Underwater
iPad & iPhone user : e-lehti
The iPhoneTM developer's cookbook : building applications with the iPhone 3.0 SDK
Mobile robot control using Bluetooth Low Energy
Advanced iOS 4 programming : developing mobile applications for Apple iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch
Learning iOS game programming : a hands-on guide to building your first iPhone game
Learning Cocos 2D : a hands-on guide to building iOS games with Cocos2D, Box2D, and Chipmunk
The iPhone in Finland : Smartphone 2.0 and the continuing evolution of the mobile phone
