http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24975 development economics
development economics
The political economy of underdevelopment
The place of conventional economics in a world with communities and social goods
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
World regional geography : a development approach
Evolutionary economics : a study of change in economic thought
The contributions of infrastructure to economic development: A review of experience and policy implications
Making development geography
A future for Africa : beyond the politics of adjustment
Optimal pollution, optimal population, and sustainability
Open access publishing as a bridge across the digital divide
Essays on industrial development and political economy of Africa
World development report 1991 : the challenge of development
The evolutionary foundations of economics
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Essays on development policy and the political economy of conflict
The effects of globalisation in the development of Vietnam since the beginning of the Doi moi-reforms
A geography of the Third World
Planning processes : the East African case
Globalization and the postcolonial world : the new political economy of development
New directions in development geography
This highly unique book takes a fundamental look at when and how a government can fail at its core responsibility of formulating rules. Government, representing society, relates to the economy by formulating the rules within which (market) players should operate. Although market and business failure are much discussed in the economics literature, government failure is often overlooked. This book addresses this gap, exploring in detail what constitutes government failure. Wilfred Dolfsma illustrates that it is not adequate to discuss government failure simply with reference to its level of expenditure, as is usually the case. Defining government failure and analysing it in the domains of health care, innovation and technology, he explores topics such as how market and society relate, consequences of conflicts between government policies, how government should (not) intervene, the vulnerability of institutions and rules (set out by government), and suggests a welfare perspective for evaluative purposes. This stimulating and thought provoking book will prove a fascinating read for academics, researchers and advanced students in economics - particularly public choice and institutional economics - public administration, policy studies, and law and economics.
The evolution of the Canadian retail trade system and the distinctive situation in Greater Vancouver : an analysis of the retail landscape in the interplay of extraneous forces
Managing human resources for environmental sustainability
The invisible hand : economic thought yesterday and today
The political economy of growth
Politics of development in the Barents region
How an economy grows and why it crashes : a tale
The rational expectations revolution in macroeconomics : theories and evidence
Land, power and technology : essays on political economy and historical development
Lower Angara Region : a new approach to regional development in Russia
Analytical development economics : the less developed economy revisited
Self help group: an approach to women empowerment in Chhattisgarh
The economics of tourism [Ellibs-kirja]
Macroeconomic theory
Handbook of development economics. Vol. 3B [Elektronisk resurs]
Discovering artificial economics : how agents learn and economics evolve
The role of elites in economic development
Understanding development economics : its challenge to development studies
Debunking economics : the naked emperor dethroned?
The present study focuses on two important dynamic capabilities in regional innovation systems: visionary capability and innovative capability. Visionary capability is based on the ability to acquire and assimilate future-oriented knowledge, and innovative capability on the ability to transform and exploit the acquired knowledge in the actual innovation processes. In the regional innovation system, innovation processes often take place in heterogeneous multi-actor innovation networks that set special demands for the absorptive capacity of the entire system. The present article sheds light on the aggregate process of generating and using foresight knowledge in regional innovation processes. Experiences gained by resource-based futures research and an "innovation session method" in the Lahti Region in Finland are described in a case study.
Essays on development : household income, education, and female political participation and representation
Government failure : society, markets and rules
From women to gender : a diachronic exploration of participant representation in texts from the United Nations
Microeconomic policy for development : essays on trade and environment, poverty and education
Democracy and capitalism : property, community, and the contradictions of modern social thought
Differences between neo-classical models and intrahousehold models in describing households in developing countries
Developing the economy from within : striking the balance between global and local development
A method for assessing absorptive capacity of a regional innovation system
Paths to development in Asia : South Korea, Vietnam, China, and Indonesia
Institutions and the geography of innovation : a regional perspective
The longer view : essays toward a critique of political economy
Modern world development : a geographical perspective
Conversations and empirical evidence in microfinance
Sustainability assessment of forest resources - tools for a problem-orientated approach
Cities in Transition focuses on the sustainability transitions initiated in 40 European cities. The book presents the incredible wealth of insights gathered through hundreds of interviews and questionnaires. Four key domains-local energy systems, local green spaces, local water systems and local labour markets-have been the focus of the field research investigating local potentials for social innovation and new forms of civil society self-organisation. Examining the potential of new organizational frameworks like co-operatives, multi-stakeholder constructions, local-regional partnerships and networks for the success of such transitions, this book presents the key ingredients of a sustainable urban community as a viable concept to address current global financial, environmental and social challenges. Crucial reading for academics and practitioners of urban planning and sustainability in Europe, Cities in Transition is an innovative roadmap for sustainability in changing cities.
The competitive advantage of regions and small economic areas. The case of Finland
Summary.
Risk and opportunity : managing risk for development
Handbook of development economics. Vol. 3A [Elektronisk resurs]
International development and the social sciences : essays on the history and politics of knowledge
The aim of this article is to answer the question, "What are the prerequisites for the success of Finland's regions and smaller areas, when barriers to trade are being lowered and Finland is integrated into the international economy?" The answer is based on a study where regional success factors are defined primarily on the basis of Porter's concept of "the competitive advantage of nations." Empirical findings and observations on the most important locational factors of industrial firms in the modern regional economy add to this definition. The success factors are grouped into two blocks: (1) economic activities (five variables), and (2) locational factors of industrial firms (eight variables). Both blocks of variables are analysed with the help of principal components analysis. On the basis of the regional values produced by the first principal component of both blocks, the regions and small economic areas are grouped into four categories that represent their respective competitive advantage. This is done by means of cluster analysis.Uusimaa, the southernmost region of Finland that includes the capital city Helsinki, is in the best position and has the best prerequisites for success. The next regions are Southwest Finland with its main centre Turku and the Tampere region (Pirkanmaa). South Ostrobothnia, North Karelia, South Savo, and Central Ostrobothnia have the weakest prerequisites of all nineteen regions. The disparities within the regions are often considerable. The core area of the region is generally in the best position. After the Helsinki area, the small economic areas of Turku, Tampere, Oulu, and Jyväskylä are in a good position, followed by Vaasa, Kuopio, Lahti, and Pori. Related studies carried out in the latter part of the 1990s confirm these results almost without exception. The results suggest that the polarisation of Finland's regional economy continues. The new national regional development program, approved by the Finnish government for the period 2001-2006, supports this view of the future.
Small is beatiful : a study of economics as if people mattered 25 years later...with commentaries
A companion to urban economics
Development theory and the three worlds : towards an international political economy of development
The theory of capitalist development : principles of Marxian political economy
Handbook of development economics. Vol. 5
Political instability, gender discrimination, and population growth in developing countries
Global development finance : external debt of developing countries
Microfinance : perils and prospects
Agricultural conditions in Esthonia : a short survey
Development macroeconomics
Development microeconomics
Development of forestry institution in transition economy in Central and Eastern European countries and its influence to sustainable forest management in private forest : Lithuania as a case study
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Principles and applications of economic geography : economy, policy, environment
Handbook of development economics. Vol. 1 [Elektronisk resurs]
Geographies of development : an introduction to development studies
Geographies of Development: an Introduction to Development Studies remains a core, balanced and comprehensive introductory textbook for students of Development Studies, Development Geography and related fields. This clear and concise text encourages critical engagement by integrating theory alongside practice and related key topics throughout. It demonstrates informatively that ideas concerning development have been many and varied and highly contested - varying from time to time and from place to place. With a new colour layout and in-chapter features such as Key Ideas, Boxed Case Studies and Summaries, students will find this an easy-to-use text which will focus them on the most important information in this area of study.
Education, gender and media : empirical essays in development economics
Handbook of development economics. Vol. 2 [Elektronisk resurs]
Economics : an alternative text
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
The right to development and international economic law : legal and moral dimensions
Essays on the measurement of economic growth
General versus unique, cultural change and development geography : papers from the eight seminar of the Nordic Association for Development Geography, Kumlinge, Åland (Finland), Septemper 3-6, 1987
Contribution to global environmental governance? : viewpoint from pension funds and United Nations Responsible Investment
The development process : a spatial perspective
Agricultural development in the third world
Economics of development
Darwinism and evolutionary economics
Cliometrics and technology
On the economics and politics of mobility
The Atlantic economy : Britain, the US and Ireland
Small is beautiful : economics as if people mattered : 25 years later... with commentaries
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Handbook of development economics. Vol. 4 [Elektronisk resurs]
Local development and competitiveness
OECD economic outlook
Cities in transition : social innovation for Europe's urban sustainability
Dependence and transformation : the economics of the transition to socialism
Surveys in economics. Vol. 2
World economic outlook : a survey by the staff of the International Monetary Fund
