http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p24979 intimate partner violence
intimate partner violence
Critical issues on violence against women : international perspectives and promising strategies
Agentive responsibility and possibilities of conjoined therapy for intimate relationship violence
Dialogical conversations on power abuse in couples treatment for intimate partner violence : a qualitative analysis of positions and dominance used in conversations
Women in marital conflict : a casework study
World report on violence and health
Violence in intimate relationships : the Claremont symposium on applied social psychology
Send me no flowers
The comprehensive theory- and research-based guidelines provided in this text help answer the personal and professional questions therapists have as they provide competent clinical treatment to clients who have experienced family violence. It presents academic, scholarly, and statistical terms in an accessible and user-friendly way, with useful take-away points for practitioners such as clarifying contradictory findings, summarizing major research-based implications and guidelines, and addressing the unique clinical challenges faced by mental health professionals. Both professionals and students in graduate-level mental health training programs will find the presentation of information and exercises highly useful, and will appreciate the breadth of topics covered: intimate partner violence, battering, child maltreatment and adult survivors, co-occurring substance abuse, the abuse of vulnerable populations, cultural issues, prevention, and self-care. Professionals and students alike will find that, with this book, they can help their clients overcome the significant traumas and challenges they face to let their strength and resilience shine through. -- Amazon.com web site.
From Global to Grassroots looks at how transnational activism aimed at combating violence against women is being used to instigate changes in local practice. Focusing on the case of the European Union, this study provides empirical and intersectional feminist analysis of the transnational processes that connect global and grassroots advocacy efforts, with a particular emphasis placed on the roles played by regional organizations and networks. Over the past several decades, the complex and evolving system of EU multilevel governance has provided new venues for women's transnational activism. Despite a predominantly economic focus, the EU has undertaken various initiatives that utilize different tools of authority to combat violence against women. This book first traces the processes by which violence against women became a European Union issue, examining the role played by global movements and organizations as well as European advocates within and outside of EU institutions. Second, it explores and analyzes the different strategies that the EU has utilized to influence its member and candidate states to change their practices. Third, it evaluates the impact that these strategies have had at the local level by investigating the interaction of international and regional efforts with domestic characteristics. The regional and positional variation provided by the expansion of the EU allows comparative leverage for exploring how different strategies, power relationships, and domestic circumstances interact to provide a range of responses in member and candidate states. While other studies have emphasized formal policy change as evidence that domestic change has occurred, this study looks beyond the rhetoric to examine the extent to which violence against women is addressed, paying special attention to the ways in which different strategies may impact particular groups of women.
You don't have to take it anymore : turn your resentful, angry, or emotionally abusive relationship into a compassionate, loving one
Discussions on intimate partner violence and electrodermal activity in couple therapy
Women leaving violent men : crossroads of emotion, cognition and action
Gendered positioning : addressing gendered power and cultural discourses in therapeutic conversations
Summary.
A question of balance : conflict and aggression in close relationships
Battering and abuse of women have usually been treated as an acute problem for women themselves. Accordingly, help and support have primarily been trageted at the women affected and also their children. This is self-evidently right and reasonable in itself, but it often overshadow the fact that violence is actually a man's problem. In finding solutions, account must be taken of the need for the batteres themselves to receive treatmkent. Production of this book has been supported within Operation Kvinnofrid, the Swedish government's program focusing on violence against women, in accordance with commitments made at Beijing in 1995.
Breaking the silence : European campaign against domestic violence
Family law, sex and society : a comparative study of family law
Men, women and violence : understanding and changing violent behavior ; a report from Mancentrum in Stockholm
Framing the victim : domestic violence, media, and social problems
Abstract: Confronting a Victim of Intimate Partner Violence in Nursing Care, A literature review.
Kartography
Gender-inclusive treatment of intimate partner abuse : evidence-based approaches
Since 1974 the abundance of articles and books published on family violence has heightened the awareness of the scope and significance of this problem. Now, a comprehensive interdisciplinary review of this literature synthesizes the past 20 years of accumulated research on partner violence. Summarizing the major findings of vast research on family violence, this book delineates the strengths and limitations of that research and makes practical recommendations for future research and current practice. Issues of prevention, intervention, treatment, and empirically based recommendations for response to partner violence are included. Skillfully edited by Jana L. Jasinski and Linda M. Williams, Partner Violence includes seven chapters written by notable scholars in the family violence field: David Finkelhor, Sherry Hamby, Glenda Kaufman Kantor, Patricia Mahoney, Jean Giles-Sims, Murray A. Straus, Carolyn West, and Janis Wolak. Easily accessible, Partner Violence makes an excellent text choice for family violence courses.
Intimacies : a new world of relational life
Family violence across the lifespan : an introduction
Abused women : martyrs for love or playmates to lust?
Sex and violence : the meanings and gendering of sex acts in the treatment groups for intimately violent heterosexual men
Gender violence : interdisciplinary perspectives
Families and society : classic and contemporary readings
Odyssey of the heart : close relationships in the 21st century
Partner violence : a comprehensive review of 20 years of research
Innocent foxes : a novel
Dialogues in group interventions among partner-violent men : different approaches for different clients
Into the darkest corner
Family law
The price of violence : the costs of men's violence against women in Finland
Family violence
Gender violence in Russia : the politics of feminist intervention
World report on violence and health : summary
Killing the beloved : homicide between adult sexual intimates
Couples therapy for domestic violence : finding safe solutions
Issues in intimate violence
Faith, hope, battering : a survey of men's violence against women in Finland
Confronting a victim of intimate partner violence in nursing care : a literature review
Journey
"Intimate" violence against women : when spouses, partners, or lovers attack
Gender, sexualities and law
That bitch : protect yourself against women with malicious intent
The abusive personality : violence and control in intimate relationships
Tackling men's violence in families : Nordic issues and dilemmas
Coercive control : the entrapment of women in personal life
Is it rape? : on acquaintance rape and taking women's consent seriously
Family Violence is a comprehensive, multi-disiplinary work that brings together in one source many findings from years of scientific research. Dr. Pagelow introduces various theories of the cuases of family violence; in addition she explores child abuse and neglects, spouse abuse, adolescent abuse, abuse of elderly partents, and the various types of sexual abuse in the family. The work is a summary of research in sociology, psychology, law, women's studies, family studies, social work, medicine, and counseling. It is essential reading for social workers, counselors, and others who are concerned with the causes, identification, and prevention of the many types of family violence.
Interpersonal violence : differences and connections
Yhteinen maailma - kaukana toisistaan : tiivistelmä YK:n Väestörahaston vuosiraportista The state of world population 2000
Abused men : the hidden side of domestic violence
Mental health across the lifespan
Troubled relationships
"I try to think about something else" : children's understanding of their situation and well-being when having experienced intimate partner violence
When dad hurts mom : helping your children heal the wounds of witnessing abuse
Violence against women is a global problem and despite a wealth of knowledge and inspiring action around the globe, it continues unabated. Bringing together the very best in international scholarship with a rich variety of pedagogical features, this innovative new textbook on violence against women is specifically designed to provoke debate, interrogate assumptions and encourage critical thinking about this global issue. This book presents a range of critical reflections on the strengths and limitations of responses to violent crimes against women and how they have evolved to date. Each section is introduced with an overview of a particular topic by an expert in the field, followed by thoughtful reflections by researchers, practitioners, or advocates that incorporate new research findings, a new initiative, or innovative ideas for reform. Themes covered include: advances in measurement of violence against women, justice system responses to intimate partner violence and sexual assault, victim crisis and advocacy, behaviour change programs for abusers, and prevention of violence against women. Each section is supplemented with learning objectives, critical thinking questions and lists of further reading and resources to encourage discussion and to help students to appreciate the contested nature of policy. The innovative structure will bring debate alive in the classroom or seminar and makes the book perfect reading for courses on violence against women, gender and crime, victimology, and crime prevention.
In the past 30 years, the study of intimate partner violence (IPV) has advanced considerably. Previously, IPV was conceptualized narrowly as male physical violence against women due to a need for dominance. Now, experts realize that a variety of factors are associated with IPV and that IPV takes many forms - from verbal abuse or slapping to highly violent physical abuse or rape. In addition, research shows that women are often the perpetrators of IPV. As a result, IPV interventions have shifted over time from gender-focused interventions to gender-neutral interventions, with an emphasis on empirical evidence. Preventing Partner Violence presents a comprehensive overview of the most up-to-date research on IPV. Leading experts in the field cover a large range of topics, including theory, risk factors, health effects, surveillance, prevention, and intervention.The editors emphasize understanding the development of IPV perpetration by itself and in the context of other risk factors. Above all, they demonstrate the complexity of IPV and the importance of taking an empirical approach to prevention and treatment.
Family relationships in later life
Violence in intimate partner relationships : is Christianity an empowering factor in the lives of battered, Christian women?
Whose face is in the mirror? : the story of one woman's journey from the nightmare of domestic abuse to true healing
Domestic violence and sexuality : what's love got to do with it?
Preventing partner violence : research and evidence-based intervention strategies
Out of the darkness : contemporary perspectives on family violence
The subject of liberty : toward a feminist theory of freedom
Why does he do that? : inside the minds of angry and controlling men
This volume provides the basis for understanding a wide range of interpersonal violence: child abuse; incest; violence in heterosexual, gay and lesbian relationships; acquaintance rape; wife abuse and rape; and elder abuse. There is no single accepted explanation for interpersonal violence, and the chapters reflect this by representing a number of disciplines from both theoretical and applied viewpoints. Many chapters take a feminist perspective, addressing the gendered nature of violence.
A deafening silence : hidden violence against women and children
Domesticated violence : the power of the ordinary in everyday Finland
Responding to family violence : a comprehensive, research-based guide for therapists
Stalking the soul : emotional abuse and the erosion of identity
Sisters unlimited : the guide to life, love, bodies and being you
From global to grassroots : the European Union, transnational advocacy, and combating violence against women
Captured queen : men's violence against women in "equal" Sweden : a prevalence study
Abstract and summary: Love endures all things? Violence between spouses, suffering and alleviation of suffering from the viewpoint of women and men.
English summary: A violent relationship, clientdom and change.
Assessment of partner violence : a handbook for researchers and practitioners
