http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25 church buildings
church buildings
Saint Peter's : the story of Saint Peter's basilica in Rome
Turun tuomiokirkko = Åbo domkyrka = Cathedral of Turku = Der dom in Turku
Church builders
Dmitrievskij sobor : arhitektura i skul'ptura Dmitrievskogo sobora vo Vladimire = St Demetrius Cathedral : architecture and sculpture at St Demetrius Cathedral in Vladimir
The parish churches of England
The Uspenski Cathedral : Helsinki, Finland
The "borough" guide to Salisbury
Masterpiece of the baroque : church of ss Peter and Paul in Vilnius
Gaudi 21 st century : a virtual reality visit of the temple of the Sagrada Familia
The feud that sparked the renaissance : how Brunelleschi and Ghiberti changed the art world
The pictorial history of All Hallows by-the-Tower : the guild church of TOC H
Valgamaa kirikud = Churches of Valga County
The influence of Constantinople on Middle Byzantine architecture (843-1204) : a typological and morphological approach at the provincial level
Enciclopedia lacasurilor de cult din Bucuresti = Encyclopedia of worship places of Bucharest. II : Bisericile orthodoxe = Orthodox churches
Beyond the walls  : churches of Jerusalem
The cathedral church of Worcester : a description of the fabric and a brief history of the episcopal see
"The Art of Catholic Church in China summarized the entire situation of the development of art in the China church especially the situation of the development of art in Beijing diocese since the adoption of the reform and open policy in 1978. It is also to have an overall view about the entire situation in the field of art in the Chinese Catholic Church since Tang Dynasty (618-907). By reading this book, one can explicitly find every bright point in each period of time." --Publisher's description.
The English cathedral
Pamâtniki derevânnogo zodčestva Zakarpat'â = Wooden architectural monuments of Trans-Carpathia
The churches of Rome, 1527-1870. Vol. 1
The Gothic cathedral : origins of Gothic architecture and the Medieval concept of order
THE GOTHIC CATHEDRAL
Turun tuomiokirkko = Åbo domkyrka = Cathedral of Turku = Der Dom in Turku
Nordic light : modern Scandinavian architecture
Late Nubian sites : churches and settlements
The wonders of the world : a popular and authentic account of the marvels of nature and of man as they exist to-day. Vol. 2
Closer to God : religious architecture and sacred spaces
Suomen kirkot = The churches of Finland = Les églises de Finlande
St. Mary Magdalene Sandringham Church : and the grounds of Sandringham House
Hoṙomos Monastery : art and history
A key to the development of Christian community centers : case Jezreel
The cathedral church of Wells : a description of its fabric and a brief history of the episcopal see
Pamâtniki arhitektury Vladimira, Suzdalâ, Ûr'eva-Pol'skogo = Architectural monuments of Vladimir, Suzdal, Yuriev-Polskoy
Finnish-American architecture and architects in Northern and Eastern parts of the United States of America 1850-1950 : from rural tradition to urban ideal
The pictorial history of St. Mary's Cathedral, Edinburgh
Nasledie Belarusi : Heritage of Belarus
Patrimoniul arhitectural crestin inscris in lista monumentelor istorice din Romania = Le patrimoine architectural chrétien inscrit dans l'inventaire des monuments historiques en Roumanie = the Christian architectural heritage listed on the Romanian inventory of historical monuments
The pictorial history of Norwich Cathedral : the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity
Cathedrals and abbeys of France
Tampere Cathedral
Petäjäveden vanhan kirkon tarina = The story of Petäjävesi old church
The pictorial history of Hereford Cathedral
The pictorial history of St. Mary-le-Bow : the church of Bow Bells
The story of Britain's best buildings
Hollolan kirkko kuvissa = Hollola kyrka i bilder = The Church of Hollola in pictures
A catalogue of wall-paintings in the churches of Medieval Denmark 1100-1600 : Scania, Halland, Blekinge. Vol. 2, Catalogue A - M.
The churches & monasteries of Egypt and some neighbouring countries : attributed to Abû Sâlih, the Armenian
The pictorial history of St. Paul's Cathedral : the official record
Church building design : Lappeenranta SDA church
The pictorial story of St. Clement Danes : church of the Royal Air Force
The secret language of churches & cathedrals : decoding the sacred symbolism of Christianity's holy buildings
Memoirs of Peter
Architectural evolution of the Nubian church : 500-1400 A. D.
Enciclopedia lacasurilor de cult din Bucuresti = Encyclopedia of worship places of Bucharest. II
Hattula church
The pictorial history of Liverpool Cathedral : Cathedral Church of Christ
Pyhän ristin kappeli = Helga korsets kapell = Chapel of the Holy Cross = Heiligenkreuzkapelle
Hallowed walls : church architecture of Upper Canada
Armenian church architecture : from dormancy to revival
Cathedrals of the world
French cathedrals
Offers a collection of international examples of sacred spaces of all denominations built in the beginning of the twenty-first century.
Suomen kirkot = The churches of Finland = Les églises de Finlande = Die Kirchen Finnlands
The cathedrals of England
The wooden churches of Eastern Europe : an introductory survey
Sobory i hramy Sankt-Peterburga = Cathedrals and temples of St. Petersburg
The ceiling paintings for the Jesuit Church in Antwerp
Messukylän kirkot = Kyrkorna i Messuby = The churches of Messukylä = Die Kirchen in Messukylä
The pictorial history of St. Edmundsbury Cathedral : the Cathedral Church of St. James, Bury St. Edmunds
The Red Monastery church : beauty and asceticism in upper Egypt
The pictorial history of St. Giles' Cathedral : the High Kirk of Edinburgh
Haţeg : ţara bisericilor de piatră = the land of stone churches
The church of Saint Nicholas in Myra and environs Andriace, Teimiussa (Üçagiz) Simena (Kale), Kekova
English cathedrals
The pictorial history of Salisbury Cathedral
The cathedral church of Norwich : a description of its fabric and a brief history of the episcopal see
Images of lust : sexual carvings on medieval churches
The Gothic enterprise : a guide to understanding the Medieval cathedral
Kemin historiaa etsimässä = In search of history of Kemi
Baroque churches of Central Europe
English cathedrals in colour
The churches of Egypt = Les eglises de l'Egypt = Kanā'is Masr
The Lion companion to church architecture
Castle and cathedral in modern Prague : longing for the sacred in a skeptical age
Palaces and churches of the Kremlin
English church woodwork : a study in craftsmanship during the mediaeval period A.D. 1250-1550
Limit state design for strengthening foundations of historic buildings using pretested drilled spiral piles with special reference to St. John’s Church in Tartu
A catalogue of wall-paintings in the churches of Medieval Denmark 1100-1600 : Scania, Halland, Blekinge. Vol. 3, Catalogue N - Ö. Appendix
A catalogue of wall-paintings in the churches of Medieval Denmark 1100-1600 : Scania, Halland, Blekinge. Vol. 4, Art-historical survey : addenda et corrigenda
The American Memorial Chapel in St. Paul's Cathedral
Sacred spaces : contemporary religious architecture
The Pictorial history of Westminster Abbey
Echoes of Egypt in 12th-century Bologna and 13th-century Rome
Liturgy, architecture, and sacred places in Anglo-Saxon England
The pictorial history of St. Martin-in-the-Fields : the royal parish church
Ely Cathedral
Moskva pravoslavnaâ i ee okrestnosti : v staryh fotografiâh : [al'bom] = Orthodox Moscow and its Surroundings : on Early Photographs
The cathedral church of Lincoln : a history and description of its fabric and a list of the bishops
The pictorial history of Ripon Cathedral
The pictorial history of Peterborough Cathedral : cathedral church of St. Peter, St. Paul and St. Andrew
Church of São Roque
Tallinn church renaissance
Istanbul: city of domes
Cathedrals of Europe
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
Norway's stave churches : architecture, history and legends
Orthodoxen und griechisch-katholischen Holzkirchen im polnischen und ukrainischen Karpatenraum : Zur Aufnahme ins Welterbeliste nominierte Sehenswürdigkeiten in der Republik Polen und in der Ukrainischen Republik = Wooden tserkvas of the Carpathian region in Poland and Ukraine : Cultural property of the Republic of Poland and Ukraine for inclusion in the World Heritage List
Universe of stone  : Chartres cathedral and the invention of the gothic
Human scale in Finnish architecture = Humaner Maßstab in finnischer Architektur = Arquitectura Finlandesa a escala humana
The cathedral church of Chester : a description of the fabric and a brief history of the episcopal see
Chapels & churches: who cares
The Church at Lohja: Die Kirche zu Lohja
Modern churches of the world
Scottish medieval churches
The cathedral church of Saint Patrick : a history & description of the building, with a short account of the deans
The pictorial history of Saint George's Chapel, Windsor : and the Most Noble Order of the Garter
The pictorial history of Rochester Cathedral : Cathedral Church of Christ and the Blessed Virgin Mary
Byzantine Athens
Romania : : schituri, manastiri, biserici = ermitages, monastères, églises = hermitages, monasteries, churches
Canterbury cathedral
Churches of Iceland
Famagusta. volume 1, Art and architecture
Cathedrals & abbeys of England
Modern church architecture : a guide to the form and spirit of 20th century religious buildings
Expiatory Church of the Sagrada Familia : Antoni Gaudi
The cathedrals of central Italy
Classic Swedish interiors
Studies of wooden churches in Finland : Josef Strzygowski and Lars Petterson
Abstract.
The architecture of the mosque of Sultan Hasan
A guide to church woodcarvings : misericords and bench-ends
The pictorial history of St. Martin in-the-Fields
A catalogue of wall-paintings in the churches of Medieval Denmark 1100-1600 : Scania, Halland, Blekinge. Vol. 1, Introduction : Iconographical index
The churches of Rome 1527-1870. Vol. 2
Gothic cathedrals : a guide to the history, places, art, and symbolism
The pictorial history of St. Albans Abbey : the Cathedral and Abbey Church of Saint Alban
Cathedral of the sea
Modern Churches' in Sweden features some thirty churches built between 1940 and 2014, a period characterized by innovative thinking in both ecclesiastical architecture and liturgy. The book focuses on the architecture?from more well-known buildings such as Sigurd Lewerentz?s St. Peter?s in Klippan to contemporary works like the Tureberg Church in Sollentuna, whose sustainable approach is expressed in an altar made of scrap lumber and chair fabric made from plastic bottles. We also find examples of extraordinary design strategies, such as Vikmanshyttan Church, whose design is inspired by the blast furnace and smithy that frame the everyday toil of the local population.
Monuments d'Armenie : de la prehistoire au XVIIe siecle A.D. = Monuments of Armenia : from the prehistoric era to the 17th century B.C
Rheims cathedral
Giotto : 1300-1305 : map of the Scrovegni chapel
Uppsala domkyrka = : The Cathedral of Uppsala
Baroque in Lithuania : guide ; [Irena Vaisvilaite (introduction author)] ; [Arunas Sverdiolas (compiler)] ; [Tojana Raciunaite (writer)] ; [Vida Urbonaviciute (translator and editor)]
The cathedral church of Lincoln : a history and description of its fabric and a list of the bishops = Lincoln: the cathedral and see
The art of catholic church in China
"This book offers a novel perspective on one of the most important monuments of French Gothic architecture, the Sainte-Chapelle, constructed in Paris by King Louis IX of France between 1239 and 1248 especially to hold and to celebrate Christ's Crown of Thorns. Meredith Cohen argues that the chapel's architecture, decoration, and use conveyed the notion of sacral kingship to its audience in Paris and in greater Europe, thereby implicitly elevating the French king to the level of suzerain, and establishing an early visual precedent for the political theories of royal sovereignty and French absolutism. By setting the chapel within its broader urban and royal contexts, this book offers new insight into royal representation and the rise of Paris as a political and cultural capital in the thirteenth century"--
The Dom Cathedral architectural ensemble in Riga
Background - religious buildings
The illustrated atlas of the world's great buildings : a history of world architecture from the classical perfection of the Parthenon to the breathtaking grandeur of the skyscraper
Moskva : pamjatniki arhitektury XIV-XVII vekov = Moscow : monuments of architecture of the 14th - 17th centuries
The Sainte-Chapelle and the construction of sacral monarchy : royal architecture in thirteenth-century Paris
Muslim places of worship in Cyprus
Manipulating theophany : light and ritual in north Adriatic architecture (ca. 400-ca. 800)
This book celebrates established icons, newly discovered gems and contemporary masterworks that represent the highest expression of Scandinavian design and response to their environment. Fifty projects are featured in detail, ordered according to the way in which different light conditions have imparted particular qualities on the buildings. Henry Plummer treats his subject from a uniquely authoritative perspective in which his words resonate directly with his artfully taken images. Books that give a true sense of the magical light that have shaped great buildings are rare: this is a publication to savour.
London's city churches
Kormålningarna i Södra Råda gamla kyrka = The chancel paintings of the Old Church at Södra Råda
The cathedral church of Southwell : a description of its fabric and a brief history of the episcopal see
Mediaeval Russian churches
The pillars of the earth
The Oxford dictionary of Christian art & architecture
The pictorial history of Ely Cathedral
