http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25074 parking spaces
parking spaces
Carscapes : the motor car, architecture and landscape in England
Parking issues in Lutakko from a user-oriented viewpoint
Underground facilities : experience, design, realisation
Planning landscape : dimensions, elements, typologies
When the motor car first came to England in the 1890s, it was a luxury item with little practical purpose - drivers couldn't travel very far or very quickly without paved roads or traffic laws. Thus began a transformation that has affected the architecture, infrastructure, and even the natural environment of the country. 'Carscapes' relates the history of the car's impact on the physical environment of England from its early beginnings to the modern motorway network, focusing especially on its architectural influence. The authors offer a detailed look at the litany of structures designed specifically to accommodate cars: garages, gas stations, car parks, factories, and showrooms. Presenting a comprehensive study of these buildings, along with highways, bridges, and signage, 'Carscapes' reveals the many overlooked ways in which automobiles have shaped the modern English landscape.
Parking structures
Facilities management handbook
Sustainable parking facilities
The Facilities Management Handbook gives a complete overview of the role of a Facilities Manager. It provides all the relevant legal compliance, strategic policies and best practice information needed to ensure the safe, efficient and cost-effective running of any facilities function. Complete with checklists and sources of further information, this book offers easy-to-find practical advice to this broad and complex field. This new edition reflects the greater awareness of sustainable practices, as well as bringing the book up-to-date in line with changes to legislation. This title: clearly explains UK Health & Safety legislation providing unambiguous information needed for legal compliance; gives an overview to the diverse duties covered by a facilities manager, eliminating the need for separate references; and, includes checklists and sources of further information for easy-to-find advice.
Rock : sound of countless opportunities
How satisfied are EuroPark Finland Oy's short-term customers at P-Kamppi parking hall?
