http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25061 incantation
incantation
A number of cases of serious child abuse have resulted from beliefs that children may be possessed by evil spirits and may then be given the power to bewitch others. Misfortune, failure, illness and even death may be blamed on them. The 'cure', nowadays called deliverance rather than exorcism, is to expel the spirits, sometimes by violent means. This book draws together contributions on aspects of possession and witchcraft from leading academics and expert practitioners in the field. It has been put together following conferences held by Inform, a charity that provides accurate information on new religions as a public service. There is no comparable information publicly available; this book is the first of its kind. Eileen Barker, founder of 'Inform', introduces the subject and Inform's deputy director goes on to detail the requests Inform has answered in recent years on the subject of children, possession and witchcraft. This book offers an invaluable resource for readers, whether academic or practitioner - particularly those in the fields of the safeguarding of children, and their education, health and general welfare.
The research on the folklore genre of charms became extremely dynamic around the turn of the millennium. A number of academic disciplines allied to explore manuscripts about healing and other textual relics of verbal magic from antiquity and the Middle Ages. Studying this corpus has shed light on a number of previously unexplored aspects of Eurasian cultures. The authors of the twelve essays in the book, covering a wide geographical and thematic range, include representatives of European ethnology and folklore studies, contemporary and historical anthropology, as well as linguistics, the study of Classical Antiquity, mediaeval studies, Byzantine studies, Russian and Baltic studies. The essays reflect the rich textual tradition of archives, monasteries and literary sources, as well as the texts amassed in the folklore archives or those still accessible through field work in many rural areas of Europe and known from the living practice of lay specialists of magic and healers in local communities, and even of priests.
The dark sacrament : true stories of modern-day demon possession and exorcism
The rite
Sam LaCroix, a Seattle fast-food worker and college dropout, discovers that he is a necromancer, part of a world of harbingers, werewolves, satyrs, and one particular necromancer who sees Sam as a threat to his lucrative business of raising the dead.
Discerning spirits : divine and demonic possession in the Middle Ages
Contemporary life and witchcraft : magic, divination, and religious ritual in Europe
Necromancing the stone
Maqlû II 1-30 : internal analysis and manuscript evidence for the revision of an incantation
The power of words : studies on charms and charming in Europe
The exorcist
Drag me to hell : unrated director's cut
The brothers
Drag me to hell
Summoning the spirits : possession and invocation in contemporary religion
Hold me closer, necromancer
The flame never dies
Manaaja : ennennäkemätön versio = The exorcist : extended director's cut
Viimeinen manaus. Osa II = The last exorcism. Part II
The devil within : possession and exorcism in the Christian West
The river that God forgot : the story of the Amazon rubber boom
Sacred possessions : Vodou, Santería, Obeah, and the Caribbean
Viimeinen manaus. Osa II : The last exorcism. Part II
The possession
Two bilingual incantation fragments
Indigenous studies and engaged anthropology : the collaborative moment
The good people
The devil's children : from spirit possession to witchcraft : new allegations that affect children
Sabriel, daughter of the necromancer Abhorsen, must journey into the mysterious and magical Old Kingdom to rescue her father from the Land of the Dead
