http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25097 operations
operations operations (events)
2-testability and relabelings produce every[t]hing
Operational research
Naval strategy and operations in narrow seas
Differential equations as actions ; M. Rönkkö, A. P. Ravn
Principles of operations management
Mathematical methods of operations research
Leaving theatre : war, politics and intelligence on campaign in Afganistan
Big Bad Ironclad! covers the history of the amazing ironclad steam warships used in the Civil War. From the ship's inventor, who had a history of blowing things up and only 100 days to complete his project, to the mischievous William Cushing, who pranked his way through the whole war, this book is filled with surprisingly true facts and funny, brave characters that modern readers will easily relate to / Library of Congress.
"Alongside the familiar pitched battles, regular sieges, and large-scale manoeuvres, medieval and early modern wars also involved assassination, abduction, treason and sabotage. These undercover operations were aimed chiefly against key individuals, mostly royalty or the leaders of the opposing army, and against strategic fortified places, including bridges, mills and dams." "Because of their clandestine nature, and the consequent scarcity of contemporary records, covert operations have not previously been studied in any detail; this book is the first to survey special operations from the eleventh century to the sixteenth."--BOOK JACKET.
SEAL target Geronimo : the inside story of the mission to kill Osama Bin Laden
Interpreting nondeterminism in the refinement calculus
Operational research by example
Eleven days in August : the liberation of Paris in 1944
Ghost fleet : a novel of the next world war
Critical perspectives on the responsibility to protect : interrogating theory and practice
Protecting civilians : the obligations of peacekeepers
Handshaking expansion as action system refinement
Mittlp : a program package for solving MINLP problems
D-day : 70 years later : remembering the battle that won the war
Brothers armed : military aspects of the crisis in Ukraine
Seize and hold : master strokes on the battlefield
Mostly harmless econometrics : an empiricist's companion
D-Day in history and memory : the Normandy landings in international remembrance and commemoration
"Cyber operations is an emerging professional and academic field of interest, encompassing multiple disciplines associated with both technical and non-technical operations conducted in cyber space. This book importantly focuses on the non-technical aspects, such as policy, strategy and best practice. It presents both theoretical and practical approaches towards understanding the evolution of cyber operations. This volume provides a multidisciplinary examination of international trends, with contributions from scholars and high-profile practitioners working in the fields of cyber security, cyber warfare, and information management. It also takes an international approach to these issues, incorporating studies from a military (warfare) context as well as civilian (private industry) environments. Current and Emerging Trends in Cyber Operations is essential reading for policy makers, military personnel, private sector professionals and both senior scholars and students to understand current changes and new issues in cyber operations"--
Abstract.
Known for his sadistic medical experiments on Jewish prisoners at Mauthausen concentration camp, Dr Aribert Heim disappeared ahead of his imminent arrest for his crimes in 1962. This is the dramatic story of how a clandestine organization comprised of Vietnam war veterans and former secret agents plotted to assassinate him.
A thread of deceit : espionage myths of World War II
Operations analysis using Microsoft Excel
The Paras : the story of the parachute regiment
Killing Dr Death : the amazing true story of the death squad that tracked down and killed a Nazi war criminal
No mission is impossible : the death-defying missions of the Israeli Special Forces
Decision and control : the meaning of operational research and management cybernetics
Code of conduct
Security problems and policies in the post-cold war Caribbean
No easy day : the firsthand account of the mission that killed Osama Bin Laden : the autobiography of a Navy SEAL
Warrior elite : 31 heroic special-ops missions from the raid on Son Tay to the killing of Osama Bin Laden
Introduction to management science : a modeling and case studies approach with spreadsheets
Integer programming and network flows
Cry havoc. Volume 1, Mything in action
On defect effect of bi-infinite words
Defect theorems for trees
Pacific Blitzkrieg : World War II in the central Pacific
Act of war
The commando pocket manual, 1940-1945
"What will the next global conflict look like? Find out in this ripping, near-futuristic thriller. The United States, China, and Russia eye each other across a twenty-first century version of the Cold War, which suddenly heats up at sea, on land, in the air, in outer space, and in cyberspace. The fighting involves everything from stealthy robotic-drone strikes to old warships from the navy's "ghost fleet." Fighter pilots unleash a Pearl Harbor-style attack; American veterans become low-tech insurgents; teenage hackers battle in digital playgrounds; Silicon Valley billionaires mobilize for cyber-war; and a serial killer carries out her own vendetta. Ultimately, victory will depend on blending the lessons of the past with the weapons of the future. Ghost Fleet is a page-turning speculative thriller in the spirit of The Hunt for Red October. The debut novel by two leading experts on the cutting edge of national security, it is unique in that every trend and technology featured in the novel -- no matter how sci-fi it may seem -- is real, or could be soon. "--
An Insight into Operations Research  : Applications in Logistics and Supply Chain Management
Production control : case: ABB Oy, Motors and Generators Vaasa
No hero : the evolution of a Navy SEAL
Asymptotic solutions for the best choice problems
The postcolonial subject : claiming politics/governing others in late modernity
Crisis Management Centre Finland yearbook 2008 on civilian crisis management studies
The First World War in the Middle East
THE WORLD'S ELITE FORCES : THE MAN ..
No easy day : the firsthand account of the mission that killed Osama Bin Laden
Queueing theory in OR
Operations research : applications and algorithms
Operations research : an introduction
Silent night : the remarkable Christmas truce of 1914
Operational art & design : western traditions and the new challenges
D-Day through French eyes : Normandy 1944
EU foreign policy and crisis management operations : power, purpose and domestic politics
Distributed operating systems
The Viaz'ma catastrophe, 1941 : the Red Army's disastrous stand against Operation Typhoon
Grunt life : a Task Force Ombra novel
Special ops heroes
Operation Snow : how a Soviet mole in FDR's white house triggered Pearl Harbor
Data structures and problem solving using Java
Hybrid action systems
Student's guide to Operations research : a companion to Introduction to operations research, 4. ed. by Frederick S. Hillier & Gerald J. Lieberman
On the scheduling of a multipurpose laboratory analysis instrument
On the power of membrane computing
Different Kinds of Modern Warfare
Subversives : the FBI's war on student radicals, and Reagan's rise to power
Interaction properties of relational periods
The Goldsboro Broken Arrow : The B-52 crash of january 24, 1961, and Its potential as a tipping point for nuclear war
Some efficient formulations for simultaneous solution of trim-loss and scheduling problems in the paper-converting industry
'We ourselves were almost awestruck, not so much at the power of the bomb for this we had expected, but because the Americans had used it with so little notice.' R. V. Jones, head of wartime British scientific intelligence A professor of architecture at Cambridge University, Marcial Echenique, recently became curious when he found wiring concealed under the floorboards of his country mansion, Farm Hall in Godmanchester, Cambridgeshire. The mansion had an astonishing past as an MI6 and M1I9 staging post for some of the most daring secret operations of WWII. But in April, 1945, Farm Hall was to play an even more astounding role, as a 'country club' for ten of Germany's top nuclear physicists after they had been captured in Germany and secretly flown back to England in a daring raid codenamed Operation Big. Every word they uttered was bugged by MI6 eavesdroppers using the wires found by the Professor.
Sheriff : a Jussi Vares Nordic PI novel
Revisiting the nexus of entrepreneurship and sustainability : towards an affective and interactive framework for the sustainability entrepreneurship journey
Pattern matching problems for 2-dimensional images described by finite automata
Mathematics for operations research
Operations research in sellers' competition : a stochastic microtheory
Four essays on implementation theory
The development of a foreign operation mode strategy : operation mode changes of a Finnish industrial firm in CEE countries
Lucifer rising : British intelligence and the occult in the Second World War
Probabilistic analysis of redundant systems
The finish : the killing of Osama bin Laden
The EU and military operations : a comparative analysis
The Falklands war
Institutional entrepreneurs and structural holes in new field emergence : comparative case study of cholesterol-lowering functional foods and nanotechnology in Finland
Clustering by adaptive local search with multiple search strategies
Membrane computing with external output
Managing crises, making peace : towards a strategic EU vision for security and defense
Introduction to the operational calculus
Contexts on trajectories
On binary cyclic codes with d=3
Use cases for operational decision support system
Stability operations
Vinogradov's method and some applications
Operator theory, operator algebras and related topics
Zero dark thirty
A suspected IRA commander in Northern Ireland, agrees with his wife to foster a child. Unbeknown to them, that boy is twelve-year-old British secret agent, Jason Steed. The weapons and arms trail lead Jason to Istanbul, Turkey where he unearths the largest illegal weapon smuggling operations in the world. However, those involved in the lucrative business are determined to defend it at any cost. After he defeated their plans for global chaos, and Jason's true identity is discovered, he plunges once more into the face of death, and he finds himself face-to-face with someone he once trusted. Protection is on its way by royal intervention, but is it too late / WorldCat.
Air power, insurgency and the "war on terror"
Optimal control theory : applications to management science and economics
"Colonel Gian Gentile's 2008 article "Misreading the Surge" in World Politics Review first exposed a growing rift among military intellectuals that has since been playing out in strategy sessions at the Pentagon, in classrooms at military academies, and on the pages of the New York Times. While the past years of U.S. strategy in Afghanistan have been dominated by the doctrine of counterinsurgency (COIN), Gentile and a small group of dissident officers and defense analysts have questioned the necessity and efficacy of COIN - essentially armed nation-building - in achieving the United States' limited core policy objective in Afghanistan: the destruction of Al Qaeda. Drawing both on the author's experiences as a combat battalion commander in the Iraq War and his research into the application of counterinsurgency in a variety of historical contexts, Wrong Turn is a brilliant summation of Gentile's views of the failures of COIN, as well as a searing reevaluation of the current state of affairs in Afghanistan. As the issue of America's withdrawal from Afghanistan inevitably rises to the top of the national agenda, Wrong Turn will be a major new touchstone for what went wrong and a vital new guide to the way forward. Note: the ideas in this book are the author's alone, not the Department of Defense's."--
Effects-based operations : a grand challenge for the analytical community
The optimal stopping problem of Dupuis and Wang : a generalization
Elementary linear programming with applications
Mapping the Second World War : the key battles of the European theatre from above
Asymmetric warfare, compound and hybrid warfare
Accountability of peace support operations
Proceedings of the Sixth Nordic Congress on Operations Research 24-25.10.1977
Helping oneself by helping others? The provision of dollars to foreign banks by the Federal Reserve during 2007-2011
Introduction to operations research
On May 2, 2011, at 1:03 a.m. in Pakistan, a satellite uplink was sent from the town of Abbottabad crackling into the situation room of the White House in Washington, D.C.: "Geronimo, Echo, KIA." These words, spoken by a Navy SEAL, put paid to Osama bin Laden's three-decade-long career of terror. SEAL Target Geronimo is the story of Bin Laden's relentless hunters and how they took down the terrorist mastermind, told by Chuck Pfarrer, a former assault element commander of SEAL Team Six and author of the bestselling Warrior Soul: The Memoir of a Navy SEAL. After talking to members of the SEAL team involved in the raid, Pfarrer shares never-before-revealed details of the historic raid and the men who planned and conducted it in an exclusive boots-on-the-ground account of what happened during each minute of the mission--both inside the building and outside.
Self-assembly as a string-based operation
The house of rumour
Operational research '75 : proceedings of the Seventh IFORS International Conference on Operational Research, Tokyo, Kyoto, Japan, July 17-23, 1975 = Actes de la septième IFORS conférence internationale de recherche opérationelle, Tokyo, Kyoto, Japan, 17-23 juillet, 1975
Operation Big : the race to stop Hitler's A-bomb
Operation certain death : the inside story of the SAS's greatest battle
The Oxford handbook of United Nations peacekeeping operations
Warfare in Fock space
Introduction to operations research techniques
Hitler's Vikings : the history of the Scandinavian Waffen-SS : the Legions, the SS-Wiking and the SS-Nordland
Weak and strong structural induction and its mechanical support by a proof tool
Topics in operator theory, operator algebras and applications : 15th International Conference on Operator Theory, Timisoara (Romania), June 6-10, 1994
Action systems synthesis of DI circuits
"In No Mission Is Impossible, Michael Bar-Zohar and Nissim Mishal return with the intensely absorbing, fast-paced story of thirty of the boldest missions of the Israeli Special Forces. Bar-Zohar and Mishal depict in electrifying detail major battles, raids in enemy territory, and death-defying commando missions while also sharing the personal stories of both soldiers and top commanders, revealing their hopes and fears. The stories are often of victories, but sometimes also of immense failures, and run side-by-side with the accounts of the lives and accomplishments of some of Israel's most prominent figures, including Moshe Dayan, Ariel Sharon, the brothers Netanyahu, Ehud Barak, and Avigdor Kahalani. We follow Sharon, from his near death at the battle of Latrun in 1948, to his crossing Suez in 1973; we are with Ehud Barak, dressed in women's clothes, when he commands a daring raid in Beirut in 1973, and then when he is elected Prime Minister in 1999. Besides recounting the mesmerizing, high-stakes missions, No Mission Is Impossible includes an interview in each chapter with a major figure who took part in the mission discussed, including some of the most prominent players in Israeli politics, and stunning photographs, many published for the first time."--Amazon website.
A note on slender 0L languages
On the convergence of multiattribute weighting methods
The paras : the story of the parachute regiment
Crisis Management Centre Finland yearbook 2009 on civilian crisis management studies
Ian Fleming's commandos : the story of the legendary 30 Assault Unit
Computer aided instruction system of production economics : interactive game of industrial management
The winter fortress : the epic mission to sabotage Hitler's atomic bomb
Distributed system development in B
Operation Paperclip : the secret intelligence program that brought Nazi scientists to America
Discrete event systems : sensitivity analysis and stochastic optimization by the score function method
Permanent alliance? : NATO and the transatlantic bargain from Truman to Obama
Quantitative approaches to management
Current and emerging trends in cyber operations : policy, strategy and practice
Optimal control theory : an introduction
Unbroken : an extraordinary true story of courage and survival
Operation Thunderbolt : flight 139 and the raid on Entebbe Airport, the most audacious hostage rescue mission in history
Desiging, managing and improving operations
A note on the proof of Cobham's theorem
Crossing-over on languages : a formal representation of the recombination of genes in a chromosome
Sea Surveillance Cooperation in the Baltic Sea - SUCBAS
Eisenhower's guerillas : the Jedburghs, the Maquis, and the liberation of France
Different strategies for solving bilinear integer non-linear programming problems with convex transformations
The many faces of military crisis management : lessons from the field
Operations research, principles and practice
Special operations in the age of chivalry, 1100-1550
Wrong turn : America's deadly embrace of counterinsurgency
The German 1918 offensives : a case study in the operational level of war
Crisis Management Centre Finland yearbook 2010 on peacebuilding and civilian crisis management studies
Operations research / applications and algorihms
The last year of the German army : May 1944 - May 1945
Big bad ironclad! : a civil war steamship showdown
Not a good day to die : the untold story of Operation Anaconda
Parallel composition of words with re-entrant symbols
Operations research models for public administration
