http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25095 student unions (polytechnics)
student unions (polytechnics)
Black girl/white girl : a novel
Korean society : civil society, democracy and the state
Increasing faculty diversity : the occupational choices of high-achieving minority students
The student's guide to research ethics
Living in Finland : a practical guide for international students and trainees
Fractured rebellion : the Beijing Red Guard movement
Fundamentals for the academic liaison
Living in Finland : a brief guide for international students and trainees
Purpose-driven youth ministry : 9 essential foundations for healthy growth
Intercultural competence : an evaluation of diaries from a Comenius 2.1 Project
"The success and strength of the university libraries are due to motivated, keen and skillful people. Today collaboration and knowledge sharing play a crucial role both within and between organizations. Empowering people: Collaboration between Finnish and Namibian University Libraries is about people and collaboration in the context of human resource development at the University of Namibia Library. Empowering people provides both practice-oriented and research-based approaches to important themes in the field of university libraries. It covers the information seeking behaviour of academic staff and students, collection and research support services, information literacy education, scholarly communication and scientific publishing. Staff competence management and evidence-based librarianship are introduced as methods for coping in the changing environment. Empowering people is the outcome of collaboration between three university libraries, those of the University of Namibia, the University of Tampere and the University of Helsinki." --Provided by publisher.
An introduction to instructional services in academic libraries
The Bologna Process in higher education in Europe : key indicators on the social dimension and mobility
Obsessed with the doctoral theses : what is the supervision and support the doctorates tell to need in the phases of dissertation process?
Corporate philantrophy as corporate social responsiblity : perceptions of Finnish and American business students
Political and citizenship education : international perspectives
The Incorporation of Student Services in Central Ostrobothnia University of Applied Sciences
Empowering people : collaboration between Finnish and Namibian university libraries
Assessing the information and communication technology skills of exchange students
Pursuit of excellence in a networked society : theoretical and practical approaches
Evaluation of an e-learning course : coercion practices in psychiatric nursing
"In the ongoing evolution of the academic library, embedded librarianship has become an important topic of debate across levels and departments. This book delves into the concept, examining everything from theory to best practices"--
FACES - Finding And Connecting Employers with Students : a constructive study of the worker cooperative established for international student employment at HAAGA-HELIA Porvoo
This thesis is focused on developing the brand image of Student Union HELGA. The   purpose of the study was to find out what is the difference in preceived image between the pesronnel of Student Union HELGA and international degree students which leads afterwards in developing  the brand and reputation of Student Union HELGA.     In this thesis exploratory research were applied. In order to gather the nedeed data two online surveys were conducted one for international degree students and one for peronnel of Student Union HELGA. To evaluate the findings Gads 4 D brand model were used. Further the quantitative method were used in this thesis.    After having studied the brand of Student Union HELGA difficulties in communication and emotional connection were experienced. This conclusion is based on the fact that the brand of Student Union HELGA does not completely correspond with the mission and vision of Student Union HELGA. Further the results from the findings show that there is a difference between the personnel of Student Union HELGA and international degree students on how they see and evaluate the brand of Student Union HELGA. In other words there is a difference between internal and external branding.
Effect of business education on women and men student's attitudes on corporate responsibility in society
Timepass : youth, class, and the politics of waiting in India
The making of minjung : democracy and the politics of representation in South Korea
The complete guide to service learning : proven, practical ways to engage students in civic responsibility, academic curriculum, & social action
Study guide
Brotherhood
Everyday use of ICT in Finland 2006
Youth reinventing co-operatives : young perspectives on the international co-operative movement
Connected schools : thought leaders : essays from innovators
Perspectives on the age of the information society
Community service-learning : a guide to including service in the public school curriculum
Youth in everyday life contexts
Future with chemistry : final project report 2013
Student Union HELGA is a statutory part of HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences and among its other duties it implements tutoring activity. The meaning of tutoring is to help new students adapt into a new studying environment, familiarize into the habits and practices of HAAGA-HELIA and to create a pleasant studying community. In addition to adapting to the new studying environment, the international   degree students usually need to adapt into a new country and culture. Therefore the tutors of the international degree programmes need to strive to support this adaptation   process.   The goal of this study is to produce a tutor's guide for the HELGA international degree student tutors. The guide is a useful tool in daily tutoring activity and helps the   tutors support the adaptation process of the new international degree students.   The HAAGA-HELIA and HELGA organization structure, environment and special features and needs are familiarized in the study from the perspective of tutoring. To support the creation process of the tutor's guide the study handles the most important elements in theory, including benchmarking as a process of creating a written product, elements of adaptation to a new culture and some grouping theories, and different kinds of methods for improving the readability of a guidebook.   For creating and implementing a tutor's guide the most important elements turned out to be benchmarking, the structure of the annual calendar, adaptation and grouping   methods and different means of improving readability. The study benchmarks other tutor's guides used in Finnish universities of applied sciences to get the best practices   to be used in the HELGA tutor's guide. Different kinds of adaptation and grouping methods are included in the guidebook and the structure is based on the theme of easy reading.   The outcome of this thesis is the first HELGA tutor's guide. This guide serves especially the needs of the international degree student tutors. The guidebook was made into an easily modifiable format so that it can live and develop with the rapidly changing environment.
Good essay writing : a social sciences guide
All Souls and the wider world : statesmen, scholars, and adventurers, c. 1850-1950
The spirit of '68 : rebellion in Western Europe and North America, 1956-1976
Developing services in student union
Effective evaluation of training and development in higher education
The elements of effective student nurse mentorship in placement learning environments : systematic review and Finnish and British mentors' conceptions
Establishing an association : case: HELGAlumni ry
The professional practice environment : hospital nurses' perspectives in three European countries
The university as an educational institution
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
The social structure of society through the eyes of university students : paper presented at the Annual Meeting of the Nordic Association for Educational Research, October 23-26, 1980, Göteborg, Sweden
Sanctuary
Higher education administration with social media : including applications in student affairs, enrollment management, alumni relations, and career centers
Wannabes, goths, and Christians : the boundaries of sex, style, and status
Vocabulary for the student office personnel of polytechnics : a resource/self-study material package
Influence of the brand image in developing a student union : case HELGA
Mandate of heaven : a new generation of entrepreneurs, dissidents, bohemians and technocrats lays claim to China's future
Embedded librarianship : what every academic librarian should know
Making sense : a student's guide to research and writing : social sciences
Information and communication technology in everyday life : interview results ICT use in Finland in 2007
The power of Tiananmen : state-society relations and the 1989 Beijing student movement
Abstract.
Students' perspectives on schooling
National Lampoon's Animal house
Marketing in a nation's pub in Uppsala, Sweden : the case of Gillestugan pub of Västmanlands-Dala Nation
An evaluation report on the LUMA programme prepared for the Ministry of Education
Feminist dilemmas in qualitative research : public knowledge and private lives
The collaborative imperative : librarians and faculty working together in the information universe
The process of creating and implementing tutor's guide for international degree student tutors of HAAGA-HELIA Studen Union HELGA
Growing to be a general practitioner : tolerance of uncertainty and facing the risk of medical errors
How to study : a short introduction
Lions for lambs
How to do a research project : a guide for undergraduate students
How can researchers produce work with relevance to theoretical and formal traditions and requirements of public academic knowledge while still remaining faithful to the experiences and accounts of research participants based in private settings? Feminist Dilemmas in Qualitative Research explores this key dilemma and examines the interplay between theory, epistemology and the detailed practice of research. It does this across the whole research process: access, data collection and analysis and writing up research. It goes on to consider ways of achieving high standards of reflexivity and openness in the strategic choices made during research, examining these issues for specific projects in an open and accessible style. Particular themes examined are: the research dilemmas that occur from feminist perspectives in relation to researching private and personal social worlds; the position of the researcher as situated between public knowledge and private experience; and the dilemmas raised for researchers seeking to contribute to academic discourse while remaing close to their knowledge forms.
All my sisters
