http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25043 teaching by listening
teaching by listening
Complete book +CD + CD-ROM packs of resources which fully engage children in listening to music. Stimulating recordings of world and historical music provide the exciting basis for a range of listening, composing and performing opportunities - enchanced by interactive whiteboard activities. Understanding the building blocks of music - long and short sounds, loud and quiet, fast and slow, high and low - with music from Indonesia, the Caribbean, India, the Pacific, South America and the Western classical and popular traditions.
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland
Active listening to music through dramatization and instrumental play. Volume 2
Music inside and outside the school
Listening to music elements : active listening materials to support a primary music scheme. age 7+
Listening and human communication in the 21st century
The Musical Experience : Rethinking Music Teaching and Learning
Active listening to music through dramatization and instrumental play. Volume 3
Teaching music creatively
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Natural sound
A music learning theory for newborn and young children
MENC handbook of research on music learning. Vol. 2, Applications
The Oxford handbook of children's musical cultures
The Oxford Handbook of Children's Musical Cultures is a compendium of perspectives on children and their musical engagements as singers, dancers, players, and avid listeners. Over the course of 35 chapters, contributors from around the world provide an interdisciplinary enquiry into the musical lives of children in a variety of cultures, and their role as both preservers and innovators of music. Drawing on a wide array of fields from ethnomusicology and folklore to education and developmental psychology, the chapters presented in this handbook provide windows into the musical enculturation, education, and training of children, and the ways in which they learn, express, invent, and preserve music.
Through music to the self : how to appreciate and experience music anew
Active listening to music through dramatization and instrumental play. Volume 1
The musical experience : rethinking music teaching and learning
Music with the under-fours
Listening to music elements age : active listening materials to support a primary music scheme. 5+
Aural matters : A student's guide to aural perception at advanced level
The Listening to Music series actively engages children in listening to music so that they can perform it and compose it themselves. Each pack comprises a visually exciting book, a CD of all the recordings, and a CD-ROM of interactive whiteboard activities and printouts. The first title in the Listening to Music series brings together music from China, West Africa, India, South America and Europe - an eclectic mix of traditional, historical and contemporary music.
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Music across the senses : listening, learning, and making meaning
Performative listening : hearing others in qualitative research
Musical creativity : multidisciplinary research in theory and practice
