http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25076 theatre music
theatre music
El viaje : 15 tangos and other pieces : piano
Hercules : Musical drama in three acts, HWV 60
The Beggar's Opera : a ballad opera in three acts
Shockheaded Peter ; a junk opera : adapted from H. Hoffman's classic Struwwelpeter /cThe Tiger Lillies ; music by Martyn Jacques
Hercules : A Musical Drama
Whistle down the wind
Thing-Fish : Original cast recording
The black rider
The Noël Coward songbook
Nyt lehdon sulosuojahan = In these delightful, peasant groves
A Midsummer night's dream : original motion picture soundtrack
Theatre Music 2
The tempest : opus 109 : incidental music to William Shakespeare's The tempest for soloists, chorus and orchestra
Musica Britannica : a national collection of music. 51, Dramatic music
The Solent : fifty years of music by Ralph Vaughan Williams
Alceste, HWV 45 : incidental music to the play by Tobias Smollett
Music from Cupid and death : A masque in five entries
Current hits on Broadway
A New musical collection : Piano, vocal, chords
The Black rider
A midsummer night's dream
What have I done?
MUSIC FOR THE PLAY "THE LIZARD" BY MIKAEL LYBECK OP 8
Acis and Galatea : 1st version - Cannons c. 1718
Music for a while : for voice and piano : (low)
The five songs in As you like it
Acis and Galatea
The Brecht-Eisler songbook
Here come the rattling trees : music from the original stage production
Music for a while
Peleus and Thetis and other theatre music
Joe's Garage : Acts I, II & III
Theatrical chansons of the fifteenth and early sixteenth centuries
Songs of Bertolt Brecht and Hanns Eisler : forty-two songs in German and English : wiht piano arrangements and guitar chords
Kurt Weill songs : a centennial anthology
40 songs : for voice and piano : (high). Volume 2
Vuelvo al sur : 10 tangos and other pieces. Piano
Two personas : a comparative study of the functions of music in Ingmar Bergman's film Persona (1966) and Grus Grus theatre's stage adaptation of the film (2013)
Curlew River : A parable for church performance
Bach: cantatas ; Barber, Copland
The starlight express
Acis and Galathea
The Geisha : A story of a Tea house
40 songs : for voice and piano : (high). Volume 1
The Music in English Drama : from Shakespeare to Purcell
Lonely motel : music from Slide
Rodgers & Hammerstein's South Pasific. : piano/vocal selctions
From Berlin to Broadway : the songs of Kurt Weill : piano, vocal
Lotte Lenya sings Kurt Weill : American theatre songs
A midsummer night's dream : op.21 and op.61
Kuolema ; King Christian II ; Overture in A minor ; Two Songs from Twelft night
Alfred : extended excerts from his "English opera"
40 songs for voice and piano : high
The monthly mask of vocal music, 1702-1711
Die Dreigroschenoper = The threepenny opera ; Songs: Mahagonny, Happy end, Silbersee
Shakespeare's musick : songs & dances from Shakespeare's plays
Broadway musicals : the 101 greatest shows of all time
A midsummer night's dream op. 61 : incidental music to the play by William Shakespeare
Olinda : theatre music & sacred songs
Orpheus with his lute : [for medium voice and piano]
By the hand of the father : Songs & stories from an original theaterwork
Pro sound showtunes : sing les Misérables
Sunset Boulevard : the Andrew Lloyd Webber musical
Værker = Works. Serie 1, Skuespilmusik. Bind 7 : Musik til Holger Drachmanns Hr. Oluf han rider = Incidental music. Volume 7 : Music for Holger Drachmann's Sir Oluf he rides
Kiss of the spider woman : the musical
Music in early English religious drama. Vol.  1, The heaven singing
Hark! hark! the lark! : music for Shakespeare's company
Joe's Garage. Act I
Songs from Shakespeare's tragedies : a collection of songs for concert or dramatic use
Songs of Bertolt Brecht and Hanns Eisler ; Edited by Eric Bentley ; Music edited by Earl Robinson
Vuelvo al sur : 10 tangos and other pieces : Guitar
Angels hide their faces : Dawn Upshaw sings Bach and Purcell
Theatre music
The Beggar's opera
Theatre Music
The tempest : complete version
A Midsummer Night's Dream
Porgy and Bess
Songs of Bertolt Brecht and Hanns Eisler
Glitter and be gay : from Candide
Alexis the circus boy
Komm herbei Tod : aus Shakespeares "Was ihr wollt" : op.60 Nr. 1 = Kom nu hit, död
Songs : with realizations of the figured bass by John Edmunds : high voice
The Rescue of Penelope : concert version of the radio drama The Rescue (1943)
Musicality in theatre : music as model, method and metaphor in theatre-making
Berlin & American theater songs
