http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25035 house museums
house museums
From WeeGee to Warsaw
The Seurasaari open-air museum was established in 1909, when the first group of 13 buildings, The Niemelä tenant farm from Central Finland, was relocated to Seurasaari. Today, the open-air museum includes 89 separate buildings acquired comprehensively throughout Finland for the collection. The buildings represent various social classes and typical examples of wood architecture from the 17th to the 20th centuries. A four-member building conservation working group works with the Seurasaari museum buildings all year long. The work is based on an in-depth understanding of the history of the buildings, the traditional materials and building techniques as well as following the international principles of conservation and museum work. The tools required for preserving the buildings are research, preventive conservation, technical conservation and restoration.
House of the arts 1987 - 1997 / [published by] the Annatalo Arts Centre ; [... edited by Satu Hirvikoski]
Renzo Piano : Spirit of Nature Wood Architecture Award 2000
National Museum of Finland Helsinki 1902/1903-1910 : Herman Gesellius, Armas Lindgren, Eliel Saarinen
Buildings for the arts
Modern Nordic Architecture 1995-6. Seminar papers 1995-6
Love for a distaff
Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York City, N.Y., 1943-59 & Marin County Civic Center, California, 1957-1970
Designpääkaupungin puinen sydän : paviljonki - World Design Capital 2012 Helsinki tapahtumapaviljonki = The Pavilion : wood at the heart of World Design Capital 2012 Helsinki events pavilion
Rakennettu puusta = Timber construction in Finland
Kemin historiaa etsimässä = In search of history of Kemi
Korundi : from a post bus depot into a house of culture
Kengo Kuma : Spirit of Nature Wood Architecture Award 2002
Hvitträsk : koti taideteoksena = the home as a work of art
Art in the Little Parliament : from Wood people to Past knights / [editor Liisa Lindgren]
Helsingin seutu tilastoina 2006 = Helsingforsregionen i siffror 2006
Meirän kaupunki : Työväenmuseon opas : a guide to the Finnish Labour Museum = Our town
50 buildings you should know
Sederholm House : exhibition catalogue
Paris : a musical gazetteer
Building the new millennium : architecture at the start of the 21st century
Seurasaari open-air museum and conservation of the museum building collection
Helsingin Hylkysaari - Suomen merimuseon kotisaari = Hylkysaari Island - home of the Maritime Museum of Finland
Form Island
Loistava tuote! = A Brilliant product!
A history of building types
Lahdelma & Mahlamäki Architects : works
Finnish architecture with an edge
Glensheen : the construction years
