http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2504 soldiers
soldiers
Letters from home
Cape Horn
We are all made of stars
The wolf's gold
Masters of war
Nordic partners of NATO : how similar are Finland and Sweden within NATO cooperation?
Days without end
War and remembrance
The cossacks
Battlefield 3 : PlayStation 3
Hearing among Finnish professional soldiers:epidemiological study
Finnish warriors in the South African war
Halo. Fall of reach : Bootcamp
G.I. Joe : best of Storm Shadow
The Finnish Army during the war 1941-45 : some results of social research
The anomaly
Devil at my heels
Army life in a Black Regiment
The liberation
The war game
Why is cohesion important?
The winter men
When a Scot ties the knot
Dear John
Man on the move
The Icarus effect
The suicide run : five tales of the marine corps
A pocket guide to Vietnam
Who killed Palomino Molero
Hitler's first war : Adolf Hitler, the men of the list regiment, and the First World War
On the rock
The Raj at war : a people's history of India's Second World War
Youngblood
The global economy is becoming an increasingly turbulent world; this changing context is placing new demands on organisational thinking. This book examines how similar demands have been met by the British military and how these solutions could be utilised by a wider community of practitioners.
The science of military cohesion
Eighteen-year-old Bitterblue, queen of Monsea, realizes her heavy responsibility and the futility of relying on advisors who surround her with lies as she tries to help her people to heal from the thirty-five-year spell cast by her father, a violent psychopath with mind-altering abilities.
Xenoshyft : Onslaught. A strategic base defence deck builder
Aphrodite's war
Reacting to complex threats : the securitization in the speeches of Anders Fogh Rasmussen based on NATO's new strategic concept
Political change in Myanmar : filtering the murky waters of "disciplined democracy"
Warriors
Unit cohesion : theoretical implications and practical recommendations
Cohesion forgotten? : Redux 2011 - knowns and unknowns
The valley
Salamanders : the omnibus
Battle Ready : memoir of a SEAL warrior medic
Gas turbine propulsion systems
The red : first light
A migrant boat battles through the rough Mediterranean. Its passengers are desperate, starving and scared. They are also being ruthlessly targeted by the SAS. Islamic State militants are smuggling themselves into Europe using these boats. Only by locating such men before they make it into the UK can the Regiment stop them committing their acts of terror on British soil. When one of these migrants reveals plans for a sickening Christmas Day atrocity in London, SAS operative Danny Black is tasked with infiltrating the most dangerous theatre of war in the world: Islamic State heartland. There, he and his team must lift a brutal IS commander - the only man who knows all the details of the London attack. The commander surrounds himself with vicious militants and a harem of sex slaves whom he treats in the most sadistic ways imaginable. And his jihadi wife is, if possible, even more abominable than him. As Danny pits himself against the violent thugs of the Islamic State, he learns that it is not just the UK that is under threat. His very presence on the mission has put at risk the safety of those closest to him. And he discovers that there are greater forces at work here, who do not care if the innocent live or die. Now there is nothing Danny will not do, no line he will not cross, to protect his family. Whether that makes him a good soldier or a bad soldier he neither knows nor cares. Because as he is fast learning, it is sometimes impossible to tell the difference between the two. And as every SAS soldier is trained to understand, the worst threats often come from the most unexpected places...
Post-traumatic psychoses following war brain injuries : a follow-up study on the psychoses developed by the men who suffered brain injuries in the Finnish wars of 1939-1945
"From a distance, Michael and Joleen Zarkades seem to have it all: a solid marriage, two exciting careers, and children they adore. But after twelve years together, the couple has lost their way; they are unhappy and edging toward divorce. Then the Iraq war starts. An unexpected deployment will tear their already fragile family apart, sending one of them deep into harm's way and leaving the other at home, waiting for news. When the worst happens, each must face their darkest fear and fight for the future of their family. An intimate look at the inner landscape of a disintegrating marriage and a dramatic exploration of the price of war on a single American family, HOME FRONT is a provocative and timely portrait of hope, honor, loss, forgiveness, and the elusive nature of love"--
The emperor of any place
A matter of honour : an account of the Indian army, its officers and men
The ghost brigades
"Bringing together dozens of voices in her distinctive style of oral history, Secondhand Time is a monument to the collapse of the USSR, charting the decline of Soviet culture and speculating on what will rise from the ashes of Communism. As in all her books, Alexievich gives voice to women and men whose stories are lost in the official narratives of nation-states, creating a powerful alternative history from the personal and private stories of individuals. When the Swedish Academy awarded Svetlana Alexievich the Nobel Prize in Literature, they praised her 'polyphonic writings, a monument to suffering and courage in our time,' and cited her for inventing 'a new kind of literary genre.' Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, added that her work comprises 'a history of emotions--a history of the soul'"--
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
Warriors of medieval Japan
A faithful servant of his country for sixteen years, first as a Marine and then as a member of an elite counterterrorism unit, Mike Nash has lived up to the call of duty. However, no amount of training or service could prepare him for his own country turning on him. But with legendary counter-terrorist expert Mitch Rapp inundated with his own work in Iran, Nash must step up, go at it alone, and save the free world / WorldCat.
This article is a revised version of a paper for the Biennial Conference of the Inter-University Seminar on Armed Forces and Society, (IUS), Chicago, 23-25 October 2009..
United we stand - divided we fall : a standard model of unit cohesion
Thunder of the gods
The American soldier. Vol. 2, Combat and its aftermath
Education of the Soviet soldier : party-political work in the Soviet armed forces
The role of adiposity, growth and inflammation related gene variants in physical performance and body composition
I am the mechanical they named Jax. My kind was built to serve humankind, duty-bound to fulfil their every whim. But now our bonds are breaking, and my brothers and sisters are awakening. Our time has come. A new age is dawning. Set in a world that might have been, of mechanical men and alchemical dreams, this is the third and final novel in a stunning series of revolution by Ian Tregillis.
Son of a witch : a novel
Strike back. Season four
Thorvald Spear, resurrected from his death over a hundred years earlier, continues to hunt Penny Royal, the rogue AI and dangerous war criminal on the run from Polity forces. Beyond the Graveyard, a lawless and deadly area in deep space, Spear follows the trail of several enemy Prador, the crab-like alien species with a violent history of conflict with humanity.  Sverl, a Prador genetically modified by Penny Royal and slowly becoming human, pursues Cvorn, a Prador harboring deep hatred for the Polity looking to use him and other hybrids to reignite the dormant war with mankind.  Blite, captain of a bounty hunting ship, hands over two prisoners and valuable memplants from Penny Royal to the Brockle, a dangerous forensics entity under strict confinement on a Polity spaceship that quickly takes a keen interest in the corrupted AI and its unclear motives.  Penny Royal meanwhile continues to pull all the strings in the background, keeping the Polity at bay and seizing control of an attack ship. It seeks Factory Station Room 101, a wartime manufacturing space station believed to be destroyed. What does it want with the factory? And will Spear find the rogue AI before it gets there?
”In a perfect world we don’t need them or want them – but the world isn’t perfect” : the United Nations and the private arms
Midnight tides : a tale of the Malazan book of the fallen
Into the guns
Entirely yours
Crossfire
European defence cooperation : sovereignty and the capacity to act
Tuntematon sotilas and its English and German translations: a study of realia
"Laia is a Scholar living under the iron-fisted rule of the Martial Empire. When her brother is arrested for treason, Laia goes undercover as a slave at the empire's greatest military academy in exchange for assistance from rebel Scholars who claim that they will help to save her brother from execution"-- Provided by publisher
Summary: Creating an educational and training culture at the Finnish Defence Forces.
Library wars : Love & war. 15
Gears of war. [1]
A torch against the night
Knut Pipping's "Infantry company as society" and aspects of some other military sociological studies of small military units
In a world of values and views : information and learning activities in a military setting
Post-communist historians on Ion Antonescu and his authoritarian regime in Romania 1940-1944
This Discussion Paper is based on a conceptual and analytical reading of cases of unconstitutional change of government in Africa. It provides a deep and up-to-date exploration of the prospects for democratic consolidation on the continent against the backdrop of an upsurge in unconstitutional changes of government. Rather than focus only on the internal threats to democracy in Africa, the author also analyses the role of neighbouring states, regional organisations and hegemonic forces within the international community in advancing or limiting democracy. In this regard, this work sheds light on why the pursuit of the liberal democratic project in Africa has so far appeared to alienate ordinary people, while providing space for dominant elites to tamper with democratic institutions and processes, which then work against popular participation and democratic development. This paper is essential reading for scholars, policy practitioners, analysts and all those with an interest in the prospects for democracy in Africa.
The watch
Leather and the warrior : an account of the importance of leather to the fighting man from the time of the ancient Greeks to the World War II
Captain Kel Cheris of the hexarchate is disgraced for using unconventional methods in a battle against heretics. Kel Command gives her the opportunity to redeem herself by retaking the Fortress of Scattered Needles, a star fortress that has recently been captured by heretics. Cheris's career isn't the only thing at stake. If the fortress falls, the hexarchate itself might be next. Cheris's best hope is to ally with the undead tactician Shuos Jedao. The good news is that Jedao has never lost a battle, and he may be the only one who can figure out how to successfully besiege the fortress. The bad news is that Jedao went mad in his first life and massacred two armies, one of them his own. As the siege wears on, Cheris must decide how far she can trust Jedao--because she might be his next victim.
Boy soldier
Memory of water
Gypsies on the roads of war
The Afghan campaign
Group cohesion and behavior in a simulated combat situation : empirical results from two Infantry platoons
Equality, trust, fairness, and cohesion
Kanin : the complete chronicles
The double life of mistress Kit Kavanagh
Helmand to the Himalayas : one soldier's inspirational journey
Rogue trooper : Tales of Nu-earth. Volume 04
Take back the sky
The illustrated directory of special forces
Letter composed during a lull in the fighting
The future of NATO : 140th Bergedorf Round Table, June 13-15, 2008, Berlin
"From the 2015 winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature, Svetlana Alexievich, comes the first English translation of her latest work, an oral history of the disintegration of the Soviet Union and the emergence of a new Russia. Bringing together dozens of voices in her distinctive documentary style, Secondhand Time is a monument to the collapse of the USSR, charting the decline of Soviet culture and speculating on what will rise from the ashes of communism. As in all her books, Alexievich gives voice to women and men whose stories are lost in the official narratives of nation-states, creating a powerful alternative history from the personal and private stories of individuals"--
The last colony
The third novel in the series sees new challenges for the men of the 106th Foot, as the British army attempts to recover from the disaster of Corunna and establish a foothold in the Peninsula. Featuring the battles of Medellin and Talavera, the 106th will have their mettle severely tested on the battlefield. But if Napoleon is to be ejected from Spain, war must also be waged in more covert ways. For Hanley, the former artist who is a more natural observer than fighter, the opportunity to become an 'exploring officer' leads him into even more dangerous territory, the murky world of politics and partisans. And while Ensign Williams seeks to uncover the identity of the mysterious 'Heroine of Saragossa', a conspiracy of revenge within the regiment itself threatens to destroy him before he's even faced a shot from the French.
Born of betrayal
Secondhand time : the last of the Soviets
Altar of blood
The human division
Finnish sailors and soldiers in the American Civil War
No mission is impossible : the death-defying missions of the Israeli Special Forces
Red platoon : a true story of American valor
Saint's blood
Rogue trooper : Tales of nu-earth. Volume 01
Send me safely back again
What roles and missions for Europe's military and security forces in the 21st century?
Dead boys' club
Military pedagogy in the future
The American soldier. Vol. 1, Adjustment during army life
The paratrooper's princess
American sniper : the autobiography of the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history
Sharpe's battle: Richard Sharpe and the Battle of Fuentes de Oñoro, May 1811
Postcards from no man's land
The duality of tactical thought : a study of how Swedish land forces' commanders view tactics in irregular warfare
Following the events of THE LAST COLONY, John Scalzi tells the story of the fight to maintain the unity of the human race. Now the CU's secrets are known to all. Other alien races have come on the scene and formed a new alliance - an alliance against the Colonial Union. And they've invited the people of Earth to join them. For a shaken and betrayed Earth, the choice isn't obvious or easy.
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Determinants of military adjustment and attrition during Finnish conscript service
More than you say
Duty calls : Dunkirk
Abstract.
Lone survivor : the eyewitness account of Operation Redwing and the lost heroes of SEAL Team 10
Billy Lynn's long halftime walk
Eagles at war
In 1944 Chicago, Liz Stephens reluctantly agrees to ghostwrite a letter to soldier Morgan McClain, who is stationed overseas, for her friend Betty and becomes torn by her feelings for a man who doesn't know her true identity
Be safe I love you
A year of marvellous ways
The night crew
The trials
The praetorians
Thank you for your service
Military ethics : a contradiction in terms
War torn
Sniper : ghost warrior : Xbox 360
Aircrew equipment development process for military aviation
The ethical challenges of the soldier : the French experience
An abstract approach : rational non-sense to replace historical nonsense in educating leaders
Constructively aligned military education and training in the times of the European Bologna Process
Blood on the sand
The first book in the fast-paced action-adventure, The Rift Uprising trilogy-an enthralling mix of speculative fiction and military thriller-in which a young soldier comes to question the monsters she's trained to fight against ...and the monsters she fights for. Seventeen-year-old Ryn Whittaker is a Citadel: an elite, enhanced soldier specially chosen to guard a Rift, a mysterious and dangerous portal to alternate Earths scientists cannot control or close. Trained from the age of fourteen, Ryn can run faster, jump farther, and fight better than a Navy SEAL-which is good when you're not sure if a laser-wielding Neanderthal or an axe-wielding Viking is trying to make it through the Rift and into your world. But the teenager's military conditioning and education have not prepared her for the boy who crosses through-a confused young man, seemingly lost and alone.
You and your teammates will have to work together to survive the continuous onslaught of powerful alien threats and horrors. The goal of the mission is not to wipe out these threats, it is merely to outlast them! Survive through nine rounds of combat with these horrors and the base will have succeeded in its mission, and you and your allies will have survived to fight another day!
Knut Pipping's forgotten study of a WW II infantry company and his results about soldiers' informal group norms
Saviour of Rome
The best of G.I.Joe
The suicide run : five tales of the Marine Corps
The not dead
Emperor's daughter Mercedes is the first woman ever admitted to the High Ground, the elite training academy of the Solar League's Star Command, and she must graduate if she is to have any hope of taking the throne. Her classmate Tracy has more modest goals - to rise to the rank of captain, and win fame and honor. But a civil war is coming and the political machinations of those who yearn for power threatens the young cadets. In a time of intrigue and alien invasion, they will be tested as they never thought possible.
River secrets
The hidden grand narrative of western military policy : a linguistic analysis of American strategic communication
How do you kill a Saint? Falcio, Kest, and Brasti are about to find out, because someone has figured out a way to do it and they've started with a friend. The Dukes were already looking for ways out of their agreement to put Aline on the throne, but with the Saints turning up dead, rumours are spreading that the Gods themselves oppose her ascension. Now churches are looking to protect themselves by bringing back the military orders of religious soldiers, assassins, and (especially) Inquisitors - a move that could turn the country into a theocracy. The only way Falcio can put a stop to it is by finding the murderer. He has only one clue: a terrifying iron mask which makes the Saints vulnerable by driving them mad. But even if he can find the killer, he'll still have to face him in battle. And that may be a duel that no swordsman, no matter how skilled, can hope to win
These two classic works capture the tide of world events even as they unfold the compelling tale of a single American family drawn into the very center of the war's maelstrom. The multimillion-copy bestsellers that capture all the drama, romance, heroism, and tragedy of the Second World War -- and that constitute Wouk's crowning achievement -- are available for the first time in trade paperback.
The house of war and witness
Black wolves
Dust and steel
The winds of war
The fearless
Multicultural issues in counseling : new approaches to diversity
The silver donkey
On May Day, 2018, sixty meteors entered Earth’s atmosphere and exploded around the globe with a force greater than a nuclear blast. Earthquakes and tsunamis followed. Then China attacked Europe, Asia, and the United States in the belief the disaster was an act of war. Washington D.C. was a casualty of the meteor onslaught that decimated the nation’s leadership and left the surviving elements of the armed forces to try and restore order as American society fell apart. As refugees across America band together and engage in open warfare with the military over scarce resources, a select group of individuals representing the surviving corporate structure make a power play to rebuild the country in a free market image as The New Confederacy.
Seven houses in France
The war bride
Finding Winnie : the story of the real bear who inspired Winnie-the-Pooh
Old man's war
Battle for Rome
Beyond ”gender and stir” : reflections on gender and SSR in the aftermath of African conflict
The end of all things
Our fate is in their hands...The Colonial Union's Defence Force was formed to save humanity when aggressive alien species targeted our worlds. Now Lieutenant Harry Wilson has an urgent new mission, as a hostile universe becomes ever more dangerous. He must investigate a sinister group, which lurks in the darkness of space playing different factions against one another. They'll target both humans and aliens, and their motives are unfathomable. The Defence Force itself is weakening as its soldiers fall - without recruits to replace them. Relations with Earth have broken down and it will send no more troops, even as human colonies become increasingly vulnerable to alien attack. Lieutenant Wilson and Colonial Union diplomats must race to keep the peace, seek reconciliation with an enraged Earth, and maintain humanity's unity at all costs. If they don't, it will mean oblivion, extinction and the end of all things.
The chameleon's shadow
Military sociology meets the gap between cultures
Unconstitutional changes of government in Africa : what implications for democratic consolidation?
Enhancing organizational ambidexterity of the Finnish Defence Forces’ supply chain management
Run them ashore
Arms & armour
"In 2009, Clinton Romesha of Red Platoon and the rest of Black Knight Troop were preparing to shut down Command Outpost (COP) Keating, the most remote and inaccessible in a string of bases built by the United States military in Nuristan and Kunar in the hope of preventing Taliban insurgents from moving freely back and forth between Afghanistan and Pakistan. Three years after its construction, the army was finally ready to concede what the men on the ground had known immediately: it was simply too isolated and too dangerous to defend. On October 3, 2009, after years of constant smaller attacks, the Taliban finally decided to throw everything they had at Keating. The ensuing fourteen-hour battle -- and eventual victory -- cost eight Americans their lives. Red Platoon is a firsthand account of the Battle for COP Keating, told by Romesha, who spearheaded both the defense of the outpost and the counterattack that drove the Taliban back beyond the wire and received the Medal of Honor for his actions." --Publisher description.
Three musketeers
Soldier, spy : a survivor's tale
Mobile suit Gundam. The origin. I : Activation
Jax, a rogue Clakker, has wreaked havoc upon the Clockmakers' Guild by destroying the Grand Forge. Reborn in the flames, he must begin his life as a free Clakker, but liberation proves its own burden.  Berenice, formerly the legendary spymaster of New France, mastermind behind her nation's attempts to undermine the Dutch Hegemony -- has been banished from her homeland and captured by the Clockmakers Guild's draconian secret police force. Meanwhile, Captain Hugo Longchamp is faced with rallying the beleaguered and untested defenders of Marseilles-in-the-West for the inevitable onslaught from the Brasswork Throne and its army of mechanical soldiers.
Home front : a novel
The lost soldier
Heroes of World War I
The high ground
The sheriff of Babylon. Volume 1, Bang, Bang, Bang
Ninefox Gambit
An ember in the ashes : a novel
War Factory
Herman Wouk's sweeping epic of World War II, which begins with THE WINDS OF WAR and continues in WAR AND REMEMBRANCE, stands as the crowning achievement of one of America's most celebrated storytellers. Like no other books about the war, Wouk's spellbinding narrative captures the tide of global events - the drama, the romance, the heroism and the tragedy of World War II - as it immerses us in the lives of a single American family drawn into the very centre of the maelstrom.
Graceling
From battlefield to boardroom : making the difference through values based leadership
Ashley's war : the untold story of a team of women soldiers on the special ops battlefield
Measurement in military pedagogy
The escape
Bryn Aven is determined to gain status amongst the Kanin, the most powerful of the hidden tribes. But as a half-blood, winning respect is a huge challenge. Bryn's almost-human community distrusts people, and those from other tribes are almost as suspect. She has just one goal to get ahead: to join the elite guard protecting the Kanin royal family. And Bryn's vowed that nothing will stand in her way, not even a forbidden romance with her boss, Ridley Dresden. But her plans are put on hold when fallen hero Konstantin starts acting dangerously. Bryn loved him once, but now he's kidnapping Kanin children - stealing them from hidden placements within human families. She's sent to help stop him, but will she lose her heart in the process?
The rift uprising
Civvy Street
Metal gear solid : sons of liberty : tactical espionage action
The rising
The courtesan and the samurai
The adventures of Brigadier Gerard
"In No Mission Is Impossible, Michael Bar-Zohar and Nissim Mishal return with the intensely absorbing, fast-paced story of thirty of the boldest missions of the Israeli Special Forces. Bar-Zohar and Mishal depict in electrifying detail major battles, raids in enemy territory, and death-defying commando missions while also sharing the personal stories of both soldiers and top commanders, revealing their hopes and fears. The stories are often of victories, but sometimes also of immense failures, and run side-by-side with the accounts of the lives and accomplishments of some of Israel's most prominent figures, including Moshe Dayan, Ariel Sharon, the brothers Netanyahu, Ehud Barak, and Avigdor Kahalani. We follow Sharon, from his near death at the battle of Latrun in 1948, to his crossing Suez in 1973; we are with Ehud Barak, dressed in women's clothes, when he commands a daring raid in Beirut in 1973, and then when he is elected Prime Minister in 1999. Besides recounting the mesmerizing, high-stakes missions, No Mission Is Impossible includes an interview in each chapter with a major figure who took part in the mission discussed, including some of the most prominent players in Israeli politics, and stunning photographs, many published for the first time."--Amazon website.
Trenches
Ninefox gambit
The lion and the lamb
The undertaking
