http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25044 consumership
consumership
Modernizing tradition : gender and consumerism in interwar France and Germany
Consumption in China : how China's new consumer ideology is shaping the nation
Explores what it means to be a consumer in the world's fasting growing economy, the emotional and social triggers behind consumption, and the impact of increased consumption on the country.
Consumer behavior
Empire of things : how we became a world of consumers, from the fifteenth century to the twenty-first
An idea-fueled book that explores the rise of new economic models based on shared resources and collective consumption--and the first articulation of a major socioeconomic phenomenon.
You may also like : taste in an age of endless choice
Consumer workers as immaterial labour in the converging media markets : three value creation practices
The religious dimensions of advertising
"The provocative political thinker asks if it will be with a bang or a whimper In How Will Capitalism End? the acclaimed analyst of contemporary politics and economics Wolfgang Streeck argues that capitalism is now in a critical condition. Growth is giving way to secular stagnation; inequality is leading to instability; and confidence in the capitalist money economy has all but evaporated. Capitalism's shotgun marriage with democracy since 1945 is breaking up as the regulatory institutions restraining its advance have collapsed, and after the final victory of capitalism over its enemies no political agency capable of rebuilding them is in sight. The capitalist system is stricken with at least five worsening disorders for which no cure is at hand: declining growth, oligarchy, starvation of the public sphere, corruption and international anarchy. In this arresting book Wolfgang Streeck asks if we are witnessing a long and painful period of cumulative decay: of intensifying frictions, of fragility and uncertainty, and of a steady succession of 'normal accidents'"--
Consumer behaviour : perspectives, findings and explanations
Consumer behaviour : a European outlook
What's mine is yours : the rise of collaborative consumption
Consumer citizen at work : a challenge for leadership and management
"In this timely books, Theodore Koutsobinas explores the system of status markets and their social effects including inequality. He explains how media fascination with superstars and luxury consumption goods amplify positional concerns for all, distort aspirations of the middle class and cause relative deprivation. Building on themes first identified by Veblen and Galbraith, the author analyses extensively the behavioural evidence from modern interdisciplinary research and contributes constructively to a new genre of economic analysis. The Political Economy of Status compels us to seriously consider redistributive culture change policies targeted to assist the underprivileged. This book will be a valuable resource for academics in various fields including economic theory, political economy, sociology, social psychology and cultural studies" --Back cover.
Critical pedagogies of consumption : living and learning in the shadow of the "shopocalypse"
The Oxford handbook of the history of consumption
Craftology : redefining contemporary craft in culture, people and sustainibility
Beyond the consumption bubble
How will capitalism end? : essays on a failing system
Ethical consumption : social value and economic practice
Consumer culture : history, theory and politics
Abstract: The voucher game : a case study of elderly service voucher users freedom of choise in a home care context.
Consumer shift : how changing values are reshaping the consumer landscaping
Green consumerism : an A-to-Z guide
Situating child consumption : rethinking values and notions of children, childhood and consumption
The political economy of status : superstars, markets and culture change
As China goes, so goes the world : how Chinese consumers are transforming everything
The unmanageable consumer
What we consume has become the defining feature of our lives: our economies live or die by spending, we are treated more as consumers than workers, and even public services are presented to us as products in a supermarket. This book explores how we have come to live with so much more, how this changed the course of history, and more.
Consumer resistance as struggle over subjectivity : essays on consumer resistance to marketplace ideologies and marketer-constructed consumer subjectivities
