http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25002 alexia
alexia
Transgression in literature
Aleksis Kivi (1834-1872) : writer
Introducing Kivi : Aleksis Kivi's Seven brothers
Reading, writing and speech problems in children : a presentation of certain types of disorders in the development of the language faculty
Finland and the Finns
Far from the evils of mankind : mental landscapes and national identity in Marja-Liisa Vartio's short story A Finnish landscape
From narrating community to a novel : folkloric patterns in Aleksis Kivi's work
Kuvan kevät : Kuvataideakatemian lopputyönäyttely = [the degree show of the Finnish Academy of Fine Arts : Kuvataideakatemia, Kaiku-galleria, Helsinki : Kuvataideakatemian galleria, Helsinki : Galleria FAFA, Helsinki], 11.5. - 3.6.2012 / [työryhmä: Anni Anttonen ... [et al.]]
Translator's foreword
Alive and well
Seven brothers in Germany : the reception of Kivi's novel Seitsemän veljestä (Seven brothers)
Studies in the English translation of Seitsemän veljestä by Aleksis Kivi
Making the Finnish Seitsemän veljestä accessible to speakers of English
"Towards 'a real reunion?" : archbishop Aleksi Lehtonen's efforts for closer relations with the Church of England 1945-1951
Birds and bees, flowers and trees, and work : reading words and values in Aleksis Kivi's "Elfland"
Partly sunny : a critical edition of Kivi's greatest play
Word-blindness in school children
Good foot : kunstakademiet i Trondheim : graduation exhibition 2003 : Trondheim kunstmuseum, 03 may - 01 june 2003 : kunstnernesn hus, Oslo, 23 may - 15 june 2003 / curator: Jennifer Allen
Finland and the finns
A translation and an acting version of the play Nummisuutarit (The heath cobblers) by Aleksis Stenval[l] (Kivi) : produced and compared to native Finnish productions of this and other plays by the same author
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to increase the understanding of international purchasing process and buyer-supplier relationship building. Another objective was to comprehend the business culture in Thailand. One of the goals of the study was therefore to conclude whether or not Thailand can offer profitable and reliable supply market for Finnish companies that are seeking suppliers from abroad. The research was conducted through qualitative research method with personal interviews between the winter of 2007 and the spring of 2008. The topics discussed in the theoretical part of the thesis include the different phases of international buying process and the international buyer-seller relationship building. The theoretical part also deals with the business culture in Thailand as well as Thailand in general. The theoretical part of the thesis relies heavily on professional literature along with reliable Internet sources and interviews. The goal of the research in the empirical part was to study international buying process in the field of footwear industry. Another objective was to analyze international relationship building between the Finnish buyers and Thai suppliers. Qualitative research method with personal interviews and open-ended questions was the most suitable research technique for the empirical part. Questions managed to gather valuable information about the business culture in Thailand and clarify how Finland and Thailand work together in an international footwear industry. The company representatives interviewed were the buyer of women and men's OIS footwear Ms. Maria Malkamäki from Aleksi 13 Oy and Ms. Nontanadda Sangkham from Thanafootwears Co., Ltd..
Includes stories of people who are able to navigate the world and communicate with others despite losing what many of us consider indispensable senses and faculties: the power of speech, the capacity to recognize faces, the sense of three-dimensional space, the ability to read, and the sense of sight. This book is a testament to the complexity of vision and the brain and to the power of creativity and adaptation, and it provides a whole new perspective on the power of language and communication, as we try to imagine what it is to perceive through another person's eyes, or another person's mind.
Savonlinna opera festival July - August 1997.
My heart's song
Think : Taideteollinen korkeakoulu Ateneumissa 18.5. - 14.7.2000 = University of Art and Design Helsinki UIAH at Ateneum / [toimitus = editing Paula Haikarainen, Elina Melgin]
Metaphors in Aleksis Kivi's Seitsemän veljestä and their English translations
The fictional versions of 'Valta' (Power) : reading Aleksis Kivi, Arvid Järnefelt and Juhani Aho conceptually
Congenital word-blindness
Space and mind in Seven brothers : the case of the Pale Maiden
Russian Orthodoxy resurgent : faith and power in the new Russia
Bound to be: the music of language and the language of music in lyric translation : with special reference to Aleksis Kivi's "Sydämeni laulu", three translations thereof, and their singability to the respective works of Einojuhani Rautavaara and Jean Sibelius
Generic signal and allusion in Aleksis Kivi's Seven brothers
Aleksis Kivi and the Finnish Georgics
100 faces from Finland : a biographical kaleidoscope
Finnish children's and youth books VIII
Contemporary Australia : optimism : [Gallery of Modern Art, Brisbane,  Australia, 15 November 2008-22 February 2009] / [curator: David Burnett ... [et al.] ; [texts: Julie Ewington ... [et al.]
Aleksis Kivi - master of Finnish comedy
The greatest media event
EDITH's editions mediate Finnish classics for contemporary readers
The perceptional world of Aleksis Rannit's poetry
Aleksis Kivi 1834-1872 : the man and his work
The mind's eye
Author portrait
Huckleberry in Finland : a comparison of Twain and Kivi
Luova grafiikka '78 : Alvar Aalto -museo, Keski-Suomen museo = Graphica creativa '78 : Alvar Aalto Museum, the Museum of Central Finland : Jyväskylä, Finland, 27.6. - 3.9.1978 / [komissaari: Matti Koskela, näyttelytoimikunta: Mikko Asunta, Markku Lahti, Juho Karjalainen, Sirkka Valjakka]
Much ado in Paradise : Kivi, Shakespeare, and genesis
Remanence : Former Melbourne Magistrates' Court and City Watch House, 17 October to 1 November 1998 / catalogue editors: Maudie Palmer, Alice Palmer
Sessions. 2003/04/04, Stupido Twins
Nerds, jocks and other boys
Translation and the problem of sway
International buying process and relationship building in Finnish buyer and Thai supplier perspective
An introduction to Finnish literature : a book of readings
Seven sages from the east : Seven brothers and the genre of dialogue
Aleksis Kivi's Kullervo : historical drama of ideas
The stages of Aleksis Kivi
CARTES flux vol 1 : uusmediafestivaali = nymediafestivale = festival of new media art : premiere : Espoo Cultural Centre, Louhisali, 9.3.2006
Finnish summary.
Kuus eesti luuletajat Ants Orase tõlkes = Six Estonian Poets in translations of Ants Oras
An Anglophile among the Anglicans
The heroes of Finnish nationalism
Dark as my heart
Aleksis Kivi : the man and his work
"There in thousands of lakes the stars of the night glimmer" : lakescapes in literature
Kullervo : on not translating a tragedy
Circular Forms in Aleksis Kivi’s Texts
