http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25057 tree stumps
tree stumps
Report of and the papers presented at the Expert Consultation on Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing : Sydney, Australia, 15-19 May 2000.
The effect of stump height and cut surface type on stump survival, sprouting and sprout growth after cutting of 10-35-year old Betula pubescens Ehrh
Harvesting of stump and root wood by the Pallari Stumparvester : a sub-project of the joint Nordic research programme for the utilization of logging residues
Research implications of adopting the precautionary approach to management of tuna fisheries
Tax reform in Russia
Beasts of Tabat : a novel
Green Energy from the Forest : work environment, quality, production
Modelling tree biomasses in Finland
A note on the covex-concave growth function and stumpage prices
Harvesting of a larger part of the forest biomass
Papers presented at the Norway-FAO Expert Consultation on Management of Shared Fish Stocks : Bergen, Norway, 7-10 October 2002.
Production, prices, employment, and trade in northwest forest industries : fourth quarter 1997
Furoshiki : The Art of Wrapping with Fabric
Testing for granger-causality in the Finnish roundwood market
Forces required to vertically uproot tree stumps
The art of basketry
Report of the Trilateral Workshop on Lanternfish in the Gulf of Oman : Muscat, Oman, 7-9 May 2001.
Baskets : tradition & beyond
Conservation of Atlantic salmon by supplementary stocking of juvenile fish
Report of the Norway-FAO Expert Consultation on Management of Shared Fish Stocks : Bergen, Norway, 7-10 October 2002.
Report of the Expert Consultation on Small-scale Fisheries Management in Sub-Saharan Africa : Accra, Ghana, 12-14 December 2001.
Fishery in open waters
Properties of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) stump-root systems for heat energy production
The cost competitiveness of conifer stumps in the procurement of forest chips for fuel in Southern and Northern Finland
How to make raffia hats, bags & baskets
Census of India, 1961. Vol. 15, pt. 7-A, Uttar Pradesh. Handicrafts survey monograph, 5.
Spruce regeneration on woody microsites in a subalpine forest in the western Carpathians
Management, co-management or no management? : major dilemmas in southern African freshwater fisheries. 2, Case studies
Introduction to tree bucking control = Katkonnanohjauksen perusteet
Marine ranching
Moisture content of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) stump wood at clear cutting areas and roadside storage sites
Incidence of butt rot at final felling and at first thinning of the subsequent rotation of Norway spruce stands in south-western Sweden
The rebozo technique unfolded : workbook rebozo massage
Recreational fisheries : management, theory, and application
Protection of spruce stumps against Fomes annosus (Fr.) cooke by some wood-inhabiting fungi
Short-term responses of decomposers and vegetation to stump removal
Ecology, fisheries and management of wild brown trout populations in boreal inland waters
"She ain't heavy, she's my wife!" : the representation of the Wife Carrying World Championships in the English-language press
The use of stumps for biomass in British Columbia : a problem analysis
Joint multiuser power allocation and iterative multi-antenna receiver design
North American tax handbook 2008
A note on the convex-concave growth function and stumpage prices
Singing in Swedish : a manual for singers and vocal coaches : 66 Finland-Swedish songs phonetically transcribed with translations
Morality policies in Europe : concepts, theories and empirical evidence
A socioeconomic cost-benefit analysis of the use of glass eel
Econometric models on the Finnish roundwood market
Strengthening regional fisheries management organisations
The aim of this study was to evaluate cost competitiveness, at regional level, of various systems for stump transportation and grinding, and to compare the results to the procurement costs of delimbed stems from early thinnings at the stand and regional level. The accumulation and procurement costs of stumps and delimbed stems were estimated within a 100-kilometer radius from two power plants located in Kouvola and in Kajaani. The analyses were performed as simulated treatments in clear cuts and thinnings of young stands, using existing productivity and cost functions, alternative ash percentages for stump wood, and yield calculations based on the forest industry regeneration felling stand data and the sample plots data of the National Forest Inventory of Finland. The results were expressed as Euros per solid cubic meter (€ m-3) and Euros per megawatt hour (€ MWh-1). The results highlight the need to improve stump fuel quality and increase the heating value. The procurement cost of stumps was about 1 € MWh-1 lower in Kouvola compared to Kajaani, when using conceivable ash content of 6% for stumps ground at the plant, and ash content of 1.5% for stumps pre-ground at the roadside landing. The procurement costs of stumps were, on average, 0.55 € MWh-1 lower compared to delimbed stems in Kouvola, and on average 0.6 € MWh-1 higher in Kajaani. Pre-grinding and integrated screening is a feasible way to guarantee the fuel quality expressed as ash content already at roadside landings, but the procurement costs are higher compared to grinding stumps at the plant, when the ash content of ground stumps is 6% or less..
Report and documentation of the International Workshop on Factors Contributing to Unsustainability and Overexploitation in Fisheries : Bangkok, Thailand, 4-8 February 2002.
Baltic Sea Trout Workshop = Itämeren meritaimentyöpaja
Consistent estimation of long-run nonindustrial private forest owner timber supply using micro data
Immediate effects of logging, mounding and removal of logging residues and stumps on coarse woody debris in managed boreal Norway spruce stands
Selected papers presented at the Workshop on Biological Reference Points : Rome, 20-21 April 2004
Summary.
Fish stock assessment manual
Report of the Second Meeting of the Planning Group for the Coordination of Acoustic Surveys off Northwest Africa : Dakar, Senegal, 28-29 October 2003 = Rapport de la Deuxième Réunion du Groupe de Planification pour la Coordination des Campagnes Acoustiques au Large de L'Afrique du Nord-Ouest : Dakar, Sénégal, 28-29 october 2003.
Mechanized harvesting of stumps and roots : a sub-project of the joint Nordic research programme for the utilization of logging residues
Improving trawl selectivity in the Baltic = Utökning av tråselektion i Östersjön
Moisture content of Norway spruce stump wood at clear cutting areas and roadside storage sites
Four fish : the future of the last wild food
Management techniques for elasmobranch fisheries
CO2-balance in the athmosphere and CO2-utilisation:an engineering approach
Making the new baskets : alternative materials; simple techniques
Marine fisheries ecology
Economics of rubberwood for smallholding owners in traditional rubber production areas in the south of Thailand
Social carrying capacity of canoeists in Austria's Danube Floodplains National Park
Occurrence of edible fungi and other macromycetes on tree stumps over a sixteen-year period
Basketry : a world guide to traditional techniques
Effect of cutting morphology and iba on the growth of Peronema canescens nursery stock
Retention forestry and intensified biomass harvest : epiphytic lichen assemblages under opposing ecological effects in pine-dominated boreal forests
Bowling for Columbine
The density of Picea abies [L.] Karst. regeneration on different microsites, the quantity and quality of woody microsites, and seedling occurrence probability on stumps and fallen deadwood were studied in a subalpine forest that has been under protection for approximately 30-40 years (Gorce Mountains in the western Carpathians). Thirty percent of seedlings and 29% of saplings grew on stumps and fallen deadwood, while the remaining regeneration occurred on soil surface and mounds created by uprooted trees. The occurrence probability of Picea seedlings on fallen deadwood increased with deadwood diameter and decay stage and with the volume of living trees, and decreased with increased density of living trees, sapling density, and land slope. Furthermore, seedlings were more likely to grow on stumps with a greater diameter and in plots with higher sapling density, but less likely to grow on higher stumps. Stumps and fallen deadwood covered about 4% of the forest floor, but the material that is most important for promoting regeneration (strongly decomposed logs and those of a diameter exceeding 30 cm) took up only about 22 m2 ha-1. We have concluded that in a subalpine forest that has been protected for 30-40 years regeneration processes take place mostly on soil surface and stumps. The role of fallen deadwood increases over time as a greater number of suitable logs (in terms of size and decay stage) become available..
Religion and society in nineteenth-century Japan : a study of the southern Kantō region, using late Edo and eary Meiji gazetteers
Traditional technology. Mats and baskets
Contemporary wicker basketry : projects, techniques, inspirational designs
Moisture content, weight loss and potential of energy wood in South and Central Ostrobothnia regions in western Finland
Jane's surface skimmers 1975-76 : hovercraft and hydrofoils
Jane's surface skimmers 1972-73 : hovercraft and hydrofoils
Jane's high-speed marine transportation. 2007-2008
The biocontrol agent Phlebiopsis gigantea : efficacy of impacts on the stump bacterial biota and conifer tree defences
Environmental impact of using Phlebiopsis gigantea in stump treatment against Heterobasidion annosum sensu lato and screening root endophytes to identify other novel control agents
Theory and design of air cushion craft
The economics of ocean ranching : experiences, outlook and theory
SUBSTITUTION OF PLASTIC BAG BY JUTE BAG- CASE COMPANY REDQ : Support on Sustainable Environment
Dynamic models of the roundwood market in Finland
Fibre basketry : homegrown & handmade
When countryboy Teo arrives in the coastal city of Tabat, he finds it a hostile place, particularly to a boy hiding an enormous secret. It's also a city in turmoil, thanks to an ancient accord to change governments and the rising demands of Beasts, the Unicorns, Dryads, Minotaurs and other magical creature on whose labor and bodies Tabat depends. And worst of all, it's a city dedicated to killing Shifters, the race whose blood Teo bears. When his fate becomes woven with that of Tabat's most famous gladiator, Bella Kanto, his existence becomes even more imperiled. Kanto's magical battle determines the weather each year, and the wealthy merchants are tired of the long winters she's brought. Can Teo and Bella save each other from the plots that are closing in on them from all sides?
