http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25020 subject (literary research)
subject (literary research)
Bakhtin's concept of the chronotope : the viewpoint of an acting subject
The philosophy of art
Proust, the one, and the many : identity and difference in A la recherche du temps perdu
Bakhtin and Lukács : subjectivity, signifying form and temporality in the novel
Introduction : the acting subject of Bakhtin
Cultural theorists and literary critics announced the 'Death of the subject' in the 1970s, but few people understood what they meant, or its importance. James Heartfield explains the importance of the autonomous 'Subject', not just to theory, but also as the cornerstone of everyday life, and why many people agree that the subject is on its last legs. The 'Death of the subject explained' shows that everyone from post-modernists to communitarians, feminists to ecologists agree that human subjectivity is a big problem. Heartfield uncovers the origins of the intellectual retreat from subjectivity in the defeat of political alternatives of left and right, and explains the negative consequences of a degraded subjectivity for society.
The 'Death of the subject' explained
The Tel Quel reader
The notion of subject as subject to play in some of Angela Carter's fictive works
Collision of emancipation and didacticism : the development of Finnish Girls' Literature 1889–2011.
Rhetoric and culture in Lacan
Discovering the subject in Renaissance England
Dissonance, quotations, and designs : literary polyphony in the prose of Eira Stenberg.
Collision of emancipation and didacticism : the development of Finnish Girls’ Literature 1889- 2011.
Kristeva is one of the leading voices in contemporary French criticism, on a par with such names as Genette, Foucault, Greimas and others. Powers of Horror is an excellent introduction to an aspect of contemporary French literature which has been allowed to become somewhat neglected in the current emphasis on para-philosophical modes of discourse. The sections on Céline, for example, are indispensable reading for those interested in this writer and place him within a context that is both illuminating and of general interest.
Lyric poetry : the pain and the pleasure of words
The subject medieval/modern : text and governance in the Middle Ages
Poetic affairs : Celan, Grünbein, Brodsky
Beyond representation : philosophy and poetic imagination
Sexing the self : gendered positions in cultural studies
Subject matters : subject and self in French literature from Descartes to the present
Nodes of contemporary Finnish literature
Nodes of Contemporary Finnish Literature
One of the many aspects that make Marcel Proust's A la recherche du temps perdu such a complex and subtle work is its engagement with metaphysical questions. The disparate nature of the narrator's experiences, hypotheses, and statements has generated a number of conflicting interpretations, based on parallels with the thought of one or another philosopher from Plato to Leibniz, Spinoza, Schopenhauer, Nietzsche, Bergson, or Deleuze. Through the analysis of the narrator's two seemingly incompatible perceptions of the world, which reveal reality to be either one or infinitely multiple, Erika Fulop proposes a reading of the novel that reconciles the opposites. Rather than being undecided or self-contradictory, the narrative thematizes the insufficiency of the dualist perspective and invites the reader to take a step beyond it.
Kenneth Burke : rhetoric, subjectivity, postmodernism
The unbearable darkness of being : subject in Asko Sahlberg's fiction
On representation : Deleuze and Coetzee on the colonized subject
Autobiographies of others : historical subjects and literary fiction
Faced with the seemingly enormous difficulty of representing 'others', many theorists working in Cultural Studies have been turning to themselves as a way of speaking about the personal. In Sexing the Self Elspeth Probyn tackles this question of the sex of the self, an issue of vital importance to feminists and yet neglected by feminist theory until now, to suggest that there are ways of using our gendered selves in order to speak and theorize non-essential but embodied selves. Arguing for 'feminisms with attitude', Sexing the Self ranges across a wide range of theoretical strands, drawing upon a body of literature from early Cultural Studies to Anglo-American feminist literary criticism, from 'identity debates' to Foucault's 'care of the self'.
Confession and resistance : defining the self in late medieval England
The French narrative turn : from the problematization of narrative subjectivity in Alain Robbe-Grillet's Dans le labyrinthe to its hermeneutic rehabilitation in Michel Tournier's Le Roi des Aulnes
Early women writers : 1600-1720
The subject as action : transformation and totality in narrative aesthetics
Concepts of novelistic polyphony : person-related and compositional-thematic
Powers of horror : an essay on abjection
The Doppelgänger : literature's philosophy
Discerning the subject
The narrative turn in fiction and theory : the crisis and return of storytelling from Robbe-Grillet to Tournier
