http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25014 image quality
image quality picture quality
Analysis of imaging spectrometer data with lake environment applications
The curse of the self : self-awareness, egotism, and the quality of human life
The arts inspected : good teaching in art, dance, drama, music
Nostalgia d’Italia : Russian water-colours of the first half of the XIX century
Image restoration : fundamentals and advances
The concept and measurement of quality of life in the frail elderly
Remote sensing image fusion : a practical guide
Managing and marketing of urban development and urban life : proceedings of the IGU-Commission on "Urban Development and Urban Life", Berlin, August 15th to 20th, 1994
Abstract.
The Golden Age book
Benefits of job descriptions : Case study: University of Porto faculty of fine arts international office
Quality improvements through ISO 9000 standards : can ISO 9000 quality standards improve quality? : a classification of business-to-business companies
Tomographic image reconstruction with incomplete projection data
Pieter Bruegel the Elder, c. 1525-1569 : peasants, fools and demons
Age and dignity : working with older people
Positive drinking : control the alcohol before It controls you!
Pro logo : brands as a factor of progress
Design management : using design to build brand value and corporate innovation
Chardin : an intimate art
The mind gym : wake your mind up
Clinical applicability of MRI texture analysis
Picturing men and women in the Dutch Golden Age : paintings and people in historical perspective
Optimization-based techniques for image restoration
Breakfast at Sotheby's : an A-Z of the art world
Image clarity : high-resolution photography
Sound design for low and no budget films
Elements of spatial data quality
Improved prediction methods for low complexity, high quality video coding
Video streaming and quality of service algorithm integration in 3G mobile networks
Differentiate or die : survival in our era of killer competition
Illumination, color and imaging : evaluation and optimization of visual displays
The human quest for meaning : a handbook of psychological research and clinical applications
The art of Louis-Léopold Boilly : modern life in Napoleonic France
Aesthetic leadership : managing fields of flow in art and business
The effect of amputation on body image and well-being : a systematic review
Food, Inc
The bioimpedance technique in respiratory- and dual-gated positron emission tomography imaging
The critical link 2 : interpreters in the community : papers from the Second International Conference on Interpreting in Legal, Health and Social Service Settings, Vancouver, BC, Canada, 19-23 May 1998
The competent teacher 2010-2020 : the competences of teaching staff in upper secondary vocational education and training : final report
Basic body awareness therapy : exercises, verbal guidance, observation and assessment of quality of movement : a first introduction
Cult of real-time image : understanding the hardcore
Korea - Korea : ein Fotoprojekt/a photo project
Managing patient dose in multi-detector computed tomography (MDCT) / editor J. Valentin
It
The Image of Tampere in Social Media
The dose and image quality in mammography practice in Finland
Wood quality and geometry measurements based on cross section images
Love letters : Dutch genre paintings in the age of Vermeer
Computational color constancy in mobile imaging
Objective measurement of image quality in fluoroscopic x-ray equipment : FluoroQuality
Writing for the medium : television in transition
Benchmarking of mobile phone cameras
Don't let your indie film be sabotaged by bad sound! One of the weakest technical aspects of a low or no budget short or feature film is usually the sound, and in Sound Design for Low and No Budget Films, author Patrick Winters explains what filmmakers need to do to fix that. Learn how to improve the sound quality of your low budget film with specific tools and practices for achieving a better sound track, including detailed, step-by-step explanations of how to edit your production track, create a sound design, record and edit ADR, Foley and sound effects, music, and much more. Focusing on the essential details indie filmmakers need to know, Winters teaches you how to turn a thin and distracting sound track into one that makes your film shine.
Arts and cultural education at school in Europe
Laser scanning for the environmental sciences
Photoshop color correction
Practical radiographic imaging
Visual pollution : advertising, signage and environmental quality
John Lewis Krimmel : genre artist of the early Republic
Dissatisfaction with services : the impact of satisfaction with service recovery on corporate image and future repurchase intention
Defining critical information requirements and quality in cooperative disasters management
Reduced-reference methods for measuring quality attributes of natural images in imaging systems
Image super-resolution and applications
Customer satisfaction survey for Eräsetti Safaris
"Addressing a variety of applications, this book covers a wide range of topics pertaining to image restoration. Topics covered include image denoising, document image analysis, remote sensing applications, and image formation modeling. Content also addresses blind image restoration, iterative optimization techniques, learning-based image restoration, and non-local approach, as well as super-resolution, multi-spectral restoration, and video inpainting. Contributors from various countries help readers understand the essentials, the state of the art, and the research directions. The text features background material, mathematical content, a survey of the methods, examples, comparisons, and a bibliography".
Understanding paintings : themes in art explored and explained
Summary.
Hogarth's blacks : images of blacks in eighteenth century English art
"Preface We know what you are asking yourself. There are a lot of books available in image processing so what is novel in this book?' We can summarize the answer with the following points 1. This book is devoted to the issue of obtaining high-resolution images from single or multiple low-resolution images. 2. You always see different algorithms for image interpolation and super-resolution without a common thread between the two processes. This book presents interpolation as a building block in the super-resolution reconstruction process. 3. You see research papers on image interpolation either as a polynomial-based problem or an inverse problem without a comparison of the two trends. This book presents this comparison. 4. Two chapters are devoted to two complementary steps that are used to obtain high-resolution images. These steps are image registration and image fusion. 5. This book presents two directions for image super-resolution; super-resolution with a priori information and blind super-resolution. 6. This book presents applications for image interpolation and super-resolution in medical and satellite image processing. 7. MATLABʼ codes for most of the simulation experiments discussed in this book are included in Appendix D at the end of the book. Finally, we hope that this book will be helpful for the image processing community. MATLABʼ is a registered trademark of The MathWorks, Inc. For product information, please contact: The MathWorks, Inc. 3 Apple Hill Drive Natick, MA 01760-2098 USA Tel: 508-647-7000 Fax: 508-647-7001 E-mail: info@mathworks.com Web: www.mathworks.com".
The amusements of Jan Steen : comic painting in the seventeenth century
High-quality visual experience : creation, processing and interactivity of high-resolution and high-dimensional video signals
Relationships between physical measurements and user evaluation of image quality in medical radiology : a review
Drinking history : stories from wines and vintages. Part 1 1870-1970
Ventilation effectiveness
Good nursing care : on what basis?
The design agenda : a guide to successful design management
Dutch Seventeenth-Century genre painting : its stylistic and thematic evolution
Setting Quality Standards : Efsli Conference, 14-16 September 2007 : Conference Proceedings
Computational visual quality of digitally printed images
Tretjakovin gallerian aarteita : venäläisen maalaustaiteen mestariteoksia 1800-luku - 1900-luvun alku = Skatter från Tretjakovgalleriet : mäaterverk ur det ryska måleriet 1800-talet - 1900-talets början = Treasures of the State Tretyakov Gallery : masterpieces of russian painting 19th century - early 20th century
The age of Watteau, Chardin, and Fragonard : masterpieces of French genre painting
Exact unbiased inverse of the anscombe transformation and its Poisson-Gaussian generalization
Positive drinking : control the alcohol before it controls you!
Intimate encounters : love and domesticity in eighteenth-century France
The effects of retail store environments on consumer perceptions of quality, price and value
Qualities of success : Mgmt'92 : proceedings from the 2nd International Conference on Design Management organized by the University of Industrial Arts Helsinki UIAH 18-20 August 1992
Better images - understanding and measuring subjective image-quality
French genre painting in the eighteenth century
Evaluation and optimization of novel reconstruction methods for myocardial perfusion SPECT
Good nursing care : on what basis
