http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25055 horror comics
horror comics
Baltimore. Volume three, A passing stranger and other stories
Locke & key. Volume 3, Crown of shadows
The horror! The horror! : comic books the government didn't want you to read!
the Sandman vol. 2 : the Doll's House
Pet shop of horrors. Volume 4
H. P. Lovecrafts The Dunwich horror
Fables and reflections
The curse of Dracula
Baltimore. Volume two : The curse bells
The Sandman. [2], The Doll's House
The mammoth book of zombie comics
The walking dead. [Volume 19], [March to war]
Hack/slash omnibus vol. 1
Pet shop of horrors : Tokyo. 5
Lucifer vol. 3 : a Dalliance with the damned
Atmospherics
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 5, After the carnival
The death of Dracula
Lucifer vol. 6 : Mansions of the silence
Endless nights
The stand. Vol. 2, American nightmares
The descent
The walking dead. Book 6
Pet shop of horrors. 4
Hellboy. Volume 5, Darkness calls ; The wild hunt
Attack on Titan. 1
The Sandman. [4], Preludes and nocturnes
B.P.R.D. : Hell on Earth. [13] : end of days
Odd is on our side
Pet shop of horrors : Tokyo. 4
Creatures of the night
Marvel zombies : the complete collection. Vol. 1
Pet shop of horrors : Tokyo. 2
Pet shop of horrors : Tokyo. 3
George R. R. Martin's fevre dream
American vampire. Volume two
the Sandman vol. 6 : Fables & reflections
I am a hero. Omnibus 1
The continuing adventures of the undead detective Gwen and her ghost pal Ellie and were-terrier Spot, written by World Fantasy Award finalist Chris Roberson! This collection features the "real-time" storyline "5 Brains, 5 Months," which follows the team as they uncover mystery after mystery over the course of a five-month period.
The case of Charles Dexter Ward : a graphic novel
The Strain. Volume 3, The fall
Pet shop of horrors. Volume 3 / [translator: Tomoharu Iwo] ; [English adaptation: James Lucas Jones]
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 6, The secret woods
the Sandman vol. 8 : World's end
How to draw manga : occult & horror
Attack on Titan. 19
iZombie. [3], Six feet under and rising
The walking dead : a continuing story of survival horror. Book nine
Pet shop of horrors. Volume 10 / [translation: Jeremiah Bourque] ; [English adaptation: Tim Beedle]
Twilight: collector's edition graphic novel
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 9, A nameless monster
the Sandman vol. 7 : Brief lives
Madness of Wonderland
The Sandman omnibus. Volume one
At the mountains of madness : a graphic novel
Pet shop of horrors. Volume 6
Sandman. 2, The doll's house
The walking dead : a continuing story of survival horror. Book 7
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
Gris Grimly's Frankenstein, or, The modern Prometheus
Legion of monsters
The sixth gun. Sons of the gun
Bizenghast. Issue 8
Every time Gwen, a zombie, eats someone's brains she also inherits some of their memories and the latest morsel she devoured gives her memories of a murder she and her friends need to solve.
The dark horse book of hauntings
Baltimore : the plague ships. Vol. 1
Pet shop of horrors. 3
The Sandman : the dream hunters
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 2, Surprise party
Pet shop of horrors. 6
Battle of Jericho Hill
All together now
Pet shop of horrors : Tokyo. 7
Lucifer vol. 4 : the Divine Comedy
Pet shop of horrors. 5
Shake for me
Pet shop of horrors. 8
John Constantine, Hellblazer. [1], Original sins
Pet shop of horrors. 10
Collection includes issues #1–#4 of the acclaimed series and the short story The Silver angel / written drawn by David Lapham featured in Dark Horse Presents.
The Sandman. [1], Preludes and nocturnes
Pet shop of horrors : Tokyo. 6
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 7, Richard
Retells, in graphic novel format, Mary Shelley's classic tale of a monster, assembled by a scientist from parts of dead bodies, who develops a mind of his own as he learns to loathe himself and hate his creator.
The walking dead : survivors' guide
Hack/Slash omnibus. Volume 1
Four color fear : forgotten horror comics of the 1950s
Pet shop of horrors. Volume 5 / [translator: Jeremiah Bourque] ; [English adaptation: James Lucas Jones]
The strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
I am a hero. Omnibus 2
The vault. 1
Attack on Titan. Volume 15
Pet shop of horrors. Volume 7
Pet shop of horrors : Tokyo. 1
Vampirella. Vol. 1, Crown of worms
Pet shop of horrors. Volume 9 / [translator: Jeremiah Bourque] ; [English adaptation: Tim Beedle]
iZombie. [1], Dead to the world
Lucifer vol. 1 : Devil in the gateway
Following the zombie invasion of Eugene, Oregon, the newly-undead Gwen goes underground to elude the troops who have been sent to her town to kill zombies, one of whom is her boyfriend who just found out he has been dating a zombie.
Kurouzu-cho, a small fogbound town on the coast of Japan, is cursed. According to Shuichi Saito, the withdrawn boyfriend of teenager Kirie Goshima, their town is haunted not by a person or being but a pattern: Uzumaki, the spiral - the hypnotic secret shape of the world.
The Sandman. [3], Dream Country
Baltimore. Volume two, The curse bells
The walking dead : a continuing story of survival horror. Book eight
Clive Barker's next testament. Volume one
Stephen King's N
Pet shop of horrors. 7
House of Odd
Pet shop of horrors. 9
John Constantine, Hellblazer : dangerous habits
The walking dead. Volume 19 : March to war
Pet shop of horrors : Tokyo. 8
The complete love hurts
Stephen King's N.
Hellboy. Volume 6, The storm and the fury ; The bride of hell
Locke & Key : welcome to Lovecraft
Lucifer vol. 2 : Children and monsters
Godchild 1.
The theater
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 8, My nameless hero
The French quarter
Locke & key. [1], Welcome to Lovecraft
The Theater
The Sandman : season of mists
The shadow out of time
Pet shop of horrors. Volume 8
In uVampire, Gwen Dylan dines on the grey matter of a person who knew her as a child-- and things quickly get complicated. Meanwhile, ghost-girl Ellie learns a few tricks from Amon the mummy; Spot the were-terrier meets someone from Gwen's past, Galatea engages in some grave-robbing; and monster-hunters tackle the town's vampire problem.
The zombie survival guide : complete protection from the living dead
