http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2509 poor people
poor people
Half of a yellow sun
Protecting housing rights in Nigeria : the role of NGOs
Towards a church in solidarity with the poor
Partner to the poor : a Paul Farmer reader
Victorian London : the life of a city 1840-1870
Medicine and the workhouse
Access to healthcare in times of crisis
This landmark study provides the first comprehensive assessment of the nature and associations between the three main forms of social disadvantage in Australia: poverty, deprivation and social exclusion. Drawing on the author's extensive research expertise and his links with welfare practitioners, it explains the limitations of existing approaches and presents new findings that build on the insights of disadvantaged Australians and views about the essentials of life, providing the basis for a new deprivation-based poverty measure.
Millions of Americans work full-time, year-round, for poverty-level wages. In 1998, the author decided to join them. She was inspired in part by the rhetoric surrounding welfare reform, which promised that a job, any job, can be the ticket to a better life. But how does anyone survive, let alone prosper, on $6 an hour? To find out, she left her home, took the cheapest lodgings she could find, and accepted whatever jobs she was offered. Moving from Florida to Maine to Minnesota, she worked as a waitress, a hotel maid, a cleaning woman, a nursing home aide, and a Wal-Mart sales clerk. She lived in trailer parks and crumbling residential motels. Very quickly, she discovered that no job is truly "unskilled," and that even the lowliest occupations require exhausting mental and muscular effort. She also learned that one job is not enough; you need at least two if you intend to live indoors. This work reveals low-rent America in all its tenacity, anxiety, and surprising generosity, a land of Big Boxes, fast food, and a thousand desperate strategems for survival. Read it for the author's perspective and for a rare view of how "prosperity" looks from the bottom. You will never see anything, from a motel bathroom to a restaurant meal, quite the same way again. In her new afterword she explains why, ten years on in America this book is more relevant than ever.
Change of norm? : in-work poverty in a comparative perspective
Representing the advantaged : how politicians reinforce inequality
Touching the heart of God : the social construction of poverty among biblical peasants
The Barefoot book : economically appropriate services for the rural poor
This book is addressed to all people of good will who are concerned about what happens to the poor in our Asian societies. Christian Hope is not a self centred hope-it is a hope for the world, for the whole of human family. Christians may find in this volume a help to critically reflect on our societies and above all relate their life and faith with the drams and hopes of the powerless. The book is also intended to help the Christians forge new relationships with the larger society, and in the process, become self-critical. People of good will and believers of other religious traditions may find in this book the struggles Christianity is undergoing in practicing the concern and love its Founder showed towards the poor and the oppressed in the society.
Culture and poverty : critique and counter-proposals
The corner : a year in the life of an inner-city neighbourhood
Seasonality is a severe constraint to sustainable rural livelihoods and a driver of poverty and hunger, particularly in the tropics. Many poor people in developing countries are ill equipped to cope with seasonal variations which can lead to drought or flood and consequences for agriculture, employment, food supply and the spread of disease. The subject has assumed increasing importance as climate change and other forms of development disrupt established seasonal patterns and variations. This book is the first systematic study of seasonality for over twenty years, and it aims to revive academic interest and policy awareness of this crucial but neglected issue. Thematic chapters explore recent shifts with profound implications for seasonality, including climate change, HIV/AIDS, and social protection. Case study chapters explore seasonal dimensions of livelihoods in Africa (Ethiopia, Kenya, Malawi), Asia (Bangladesh, China, India), and Latin America (Peru). Others assess policy responses to adverse seasonality, for example through irrigation, migration and seasonally-sensitive education. The book also includes innovative tools for monitoring seasonality, which should enable more appropriate responses. --Publisher's description.
Employment strategies for the rural poor
Option for the poor and for the earth : Catholic social teaching
This book is about being disabled and being poor and the social, cultural and political processes that link these two aspects of living. Environmental barriers, limited access to services and discriminatory attitudes and practice are among key elements that drive disabled people into poverty and keep them there. 'Disability and poverty' explores the lived realities of people with disabilities from across the developing world and examines how the coping strategies of individuals and families emerge in different contexts. It is aimed at the disability community, academics and policy makers in poverty and global welfare.
Place matters : Metropolitics for the twenty-first century
On understanding poverty : perspectives from the social sciences
Lazarus. Volume two, Lift
Shadow cities : a billion squatters, a new urban world
The war on welfare : family, poverty, and politics in modern America
'Legal empowerment of the poor' versus ''Right to the city' : implications for access to housing in urban Africa
Capital : a portrait of twenty-first century Delhi
La Vida : a Puerto Rican family in the culture of poverty : San Juan and New York
Czech society in the 2000s : a report on socio-economic policies and structures
Summary.
Christmas day with urban poor Kisahalli, Helsinki, 24th December 2002
Poor economics : a radical rethinking of the way to fight global poverty
Disposable people : new slavery in the global economy
Evicted : poverty and profit in the American city
The preferential option for the poor beyond theology
Microfinance : methodological considerations
Poverty and literacy
Cry of the urban poor
Governing the poor in Harare, Zimbabwe
On the parish? : the micro-politics of poor relief in rural England c. 1550-1750
Consumption and wealth in Luke's travel narrative
Nongmingong fan pinkun : chengshi wenti yu zhengce daoxiang = Urban poverty reduction among migrants
China's peasants and workers : changing class identities
Them
London's underworld : being selections from 'Those that will not work' the fourth volume of 'London labour and the London poor'
Seasonality, rural livelihoods, and development
Radio : a post nine-eleven strategy for reaching the world's poor
The blackest streets : the life and death of a Victorian slum
A garden of earthly delights : [a novel]
Breadline Britain : the rise of mass poverty
Identifying the poor : using subjective and consensual measures
Moving out of poverty. V. 2, Success from the bottom up
Remittances and poverty in El Salvador
Public library services for the poor : doing all we can
Working with families of the poor
The removal of untouchability
White Trash : the 400-year untold history of class in America
"Poor people are like Bonsai trees" : an analysis of Muhammad Yunus’ thoughts on microcredit, poverty and the poor
Schooling the rustbelt kids : making the difference in changing times
The great Indian phone book : how cheap mobile phones change business, politics and daily life
The faery's gift
Beyond all pity
A decent place? : space and morality in a former 'poor white' suburb
Childhood in the promised land : working-class movements and the colonies de vacances in France, 1880-1960
Rural poverty : marginalisation and exclusion in Britain and the United States
Poor choices? : on social context and the claiming of means-tested benefits
One nation, underprivileged : why American poverty affects us all
Beyond the resources of poverty : gecekondu living in the Turkish capital
Conner Street's war
Urban poverty in China
Hope and solidarity : Jon Sobrino's challenge to Christian theology
The village labourer 1760-1832 : a study in the government of England before the reform bill
Sahajanand on agricultural labour and the rural poor
The gospel and the poor
Civilizing the child : discourses of race, nation, and child welfare in America
Guardians of the poor - custodians of the public : welfare history in Eastern Europe 1900-1960 = Helfer der Armen - Hüter der Öffentlichkeit : die Wohlfahrtsgeschichte Osteuropas 1900-1960
Against the wall : poor, young, Black, and male
The making of a good white : a historical ethnography of the rehabilitation of poor whites in a suburb of Cape Town
Small loans, big dreams : how Nobel peace prize winner Muhammad Yunus and microfinance are changing the world
Poverty and compassion : the moral imagination of the late Victorians
Companion to the poor
Human rights : old problems, new possibilities
Everybody loves a good drought : stories from India's poorest districts
Poverty knowledge : social science, social policy, and the poor in twentieth-century U.S. history
"This book has a simple message for business leaders: you help yourselves by helping the poor. Instead of feeling as if the economy is working against them, the poor need to feel they have a stake in it so they will buy your products and put money in the bank. Supporting poor people's efforts to move into the middle class is the only way to enrich everyone, rich and poor alike"--
" The American economy is stalled because business and political leaders are ignoring the one force that could truly re-energize their companies and the economy: the poor. The massive economic energy and potential of the poor and the struggling middle class has been left on the sidelines. John Hope Bryant's stirring book shows how this came to be and lays out some simple ideas for making the economy work again--for everyone. The poor are not stupid or lazy, but they know when the system is stacked against them. Business loans, home loans, and financial investments have vanished from their communities. The path up to the middle class has disappeared, while the path down from the middle class is in danger of becoming a superhighway. The future of our nation fully depends on overturning powerful myths about how the economy works. Fully 70 percent of the American economy is driven by consumer spending, but more and more consumers have less and less to spend and feel like the deck is stacked against them. When business leaders begin to value the poor and understand that helping them succeed will help the economy thrive, we'll be well on our way to restoring the American Dream of equal economic opportunity"--
Down and out in early America
The dynamics of sanitary and technical requirements assisting the poor to cope : expert consultation, Rome, 22-24 June 2004.
Poverty, participation, and democracy : a global perspective
$2.00 a day : living on almost nothing in America
Beggarman, thief
The praxis of social inequality in media : a global perspective
Towards a church of the poor : the work of an ecumenical group on the church and the poor
The greatest of evils : urban poverty and the American underclass
Life at the bottom : the worldview that makes the underclass
The employment nexus between growth and poverty : an Asian perspective
Lazarus. Volume three, Conclave
"The challenge of urban deprivation and exclusion in the urban South has given rise to varied and shifting policies and ideas. Two sets of ideas have gained great currency in recent years in international policy and academic circles. The Legal Empowerment of the Poor approach, rooted in neoliberal thinking, focuses on the legal rights of the urban poor as the means to secure access to basic services and needs. The Right to the City perspective, on the other hand, stresses issues of citizenship and the appropriation and uses of urban space. This Policy Dialogue analyses the different ideological and normative foundations of the two perspectives and discusses how they lead to different policy formulations. It then takes a closer look at how the two perspectives find expression in contemporary discussions on and approaches to access to housing in urban Africa. To this end, it compares what each approach identifies as the source of the problem and recommends as the policy solution." --Publisher's description.
Asian dreams and Christian Hope : at the dawn of the millennium
Down and out : poverty and exclusion in Australia
Charity : the place of the poor in the Biblical tradition
Odd tribes : toward a cultural analysis of white people
Rainbow Pie : A Memoir of Redneck America
Local worlds : rural livelihood strategies in eastern Cape, South Africa
La Vida : a Puerto Rican family in the culture of poverty- San Juan and New York
The invisible poor : a portrait of rural poverty in Argentina
Clothing the poor in nineteenth-century England
The boy who harnessed the wind : a memoir
The poor and the poorest : a new analysis of the ministry of labour's family expenditure surveys of 1953-54 and 1960
How the poor can save capitalism : rebuilding the path to the middle class
Dispossession and resistance in India : the river and the rage
Floating city : a rogue sociologist lost and found in New York's underground economy
It has long been acknowledged that Jews and Christians distinguished themselves through charity to the poor. Though ancient Greeks and Romans were also generous, they funded theatres and baths rather than poorhouses and orphanages. How might we explain this difference? In this significant reappraisal of charity in the biblical tradition, Gary Anderson argues that the poor constituted the privileged place where Jews and Christians met God. Though concerns for social justice were not unknown to early Jews and Christians, the poor achieved the importance they did primarily because they were throught to be "living altars", a place to make a sacrifice, a loan to God that he, as the ultimate guarantor, could be trusted to repay in turn. Contrary to the assertions of Reformation and modern critiques, belief in a heavenly treasury was not just about self-interest. Sifting through biblical and postbiblical texts, Anderson shows how charity affirms the goodness of the created order; the world was created through charity and therefore rewards it.
Poverty and the underclass : changing perceptions of the poor in America
Mothering rituals : a study on low caste women in Kolkata
Neighborhood poverty. Vol. 1, context and consequences for children
Nickel and dimed : on (not) getting by in America
The experience of poverty : fighting for respect and resources in village India
Microcredit and women's empowerment : does microcredit promote the borrowers to participate in the household decision-making process in Bangladesh?
Footprint of poverty
Freedom from want : the human right to adequate food
More than bread : ethnography of a soup kitchen
The white tiger
"Poor people are like Bonsai trees" : an analysis of Muhammad Yunus' thoughts on microcredit, poverty and the poor
Weakening welfare : the public distribution of food in India
Signs of hope and justice
Tackling social exclusion
Access to land and land policy reforms
Poverty and the international economic legal system : duties to the world's poor
The missing class : portraits of the near poor in America
The poor in liberation theology : pathway to God or ideological construct?
"Political inequality is a major issue in American politics, with racial minorities and low-income voters receiving less favorable representation. Scholars argue that this political inequality stems largely from differences in political participation and that if all citizens participated equally we would achieve political equality. Daniel M. Butler shows that this common view is incorrect"--
Poverty reduction strategies : a review
Making social citizenship : conceptual practices from the Finnish poor law to professional social work
In other rooms, other wonders
Good news to the poor : the challenge of the poor in the history of the church
Governing the poor : exercises of poverty reduction, practices of global aid
History, time, and economic crisis in Central Greece
Loving the poor, saving the rich : wealth, poverty, and early Christian formation
Big business, poor peoples : how transnational corporations damage the world's poor
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
The option for the poor in Christian theology
Khanya : journal for activists
Reducing the impact of poverty on health and human development : scientific approaches
The divide : American injustice in the age of the wealth gap
Poverty : human consciousness and the amnesia of development
Assessing poverty alleviation strategies for their impact on poor women : a study with special reference to India
Behind the beautiful forevers : life, death and hope in a Mumbai slum
Patterns of poverty across Europe
"Since the 1973 publication of Gustavo Gutierrez's groundbreaking work A Theology of Liberation, liberation theology's central premise of the preferential option for the poor has become one of the most important yet controversial theological themes of the twentieth century. As the situation for many of the world's poor worsens, it becomes ever more important to ensure that the option for the poor remains not only a vibrant theological concept but also a practical framework for living out the gift and challenge of Christian faith. The Preferential Option for the Poor beyond Theology draws on a diverse group of contributors to explore how disciplines as varied as law, economics, politics, the environment, science, liberal arts, film, and education can help us understand putting a commitment to the option for the poor into practice.
Globalization and money : a global South perspective
Twitta and the ferocious fever
The subprimes : a novel
After life : an ethnographic novel
Losing ground : American social policy, 1950-1980
"With a focus on how trade, foreign investment, commercial arbitration and financial regulation rules affect impoverished individuals, Poverty and the International Economic Legal System examines the relationship between the legal rules of the international economic law system and states' obligations to reduce poverty. The contributors include leading practitioners, practice-oriented scholars and legal theorists, who discuss the human aspects of global economic activity without resorting to either overly dogmatic human rights approaches or technocratic economic views. The essays extend beyond development discussions by encourag-ing further efforts to study, improve and develop legal mechanisms for the benefit of the world's poor and challenging traditionally de-personified legal areas to engage with their real-world impacts"--
Body parts on planet slum : women and telenovelas in Brazil
The burial of the urban poor in Italy in the late Roman republic and early empire
Poor people
The allotment movement in England, 1793-1873
Focus on poverty
Disability and poverty / : a global challenge
The merging of knowledge : people in poverty and academics thinking together
