http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25025 art objects
art objects
500 beaded objects : new dimensions in contemporary beadwork
Ancient Rome as a Museum considers how cultural objects from the Roman Empire came to reflect, construct, and challenge Roman perceptions of power and identity. Rutledge argues that Roman cultural values are indicated in part by what sort of materials Romans deemed worthy of display and how they chose to display, view, and preserve them.
Memoirs of a monuments officer : protecting European artworks
The National Trust manual of housekeeping / compiled by Hermione Sandwith and Sheila Stainton
Chinese ceramics
The art of egg decorating
Olympic visions : images of the games through history
The sword of justice
The matter of art : materials, practices, cultural logics, c. 1250-1750
Stuff : the m (group) interactive guide to collecting, decorating with, and learning about, wonderful and unusual things
Stone carving for the home & garden
Making and transforming art : technology and interpretation
Protecting cultural objects through international documentation standards : a preliminary survey
Wood carving basics
The Mona Mousa code
The lost kingdoms of Africa
Excavating the afterlife : the archaeology of early Chinese religion
French primitivism and the ends of empire, 1945-1975
Royal heritage : the treasures of the british crown
Effects of light on materials in collections : data on photoflash and related sources / Terry T. Schaeffer
Country house treasures
Ville Vallgrenin objets d'art-tuotanto 1890-luvulla = Ville Vallgrens objets d'art på 1890-talet = Ville Vallgren's objets d'art of the 1890s / Marja Supinen
The artist's process : technology and interpretation : proceedings of the Symposium of the Art Technological Source Research Working Group / edited by Sigrid Eyb-Green ... [et al.]
Gornyj muzej = The Mining Museum
Bronzes archaïques chinois au Musée Cernuschi = Archaic Chinese bronzes
New rings : 500+ designs from around the world
World art glass quarterly
The conservation of antiquities and works of art
Materializing gender in eighteenth-century Europe
Chinese connoisseurship: the Ko Ku Yao Lun, the essential criteria of antiquities
Written by the world expert on Celtic art, this book offers a carefully chosen sequence of 250 masterpieces ranging from the fifth century BC to the eighth century AD. The great variety and full range of Celtic artistic production is represented - from stone sculptures, terracotta vases and iron swords to amber necklaces, golden torques, bronze fibulas and illuminated manuscripts.
The firebird
Surreal things : Surrealism and design : [Victoria and Albert Museum, London, 20 March - 22 July 2007 : Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen, Rotterdam, 29 September 2007 - 6 January 2008 : Guggenheim Museum, Bilbao, 3 March - 7 September 2008] / edited by Ghislaine Wood
Keramic art of Japan
Leading "the simple life" : the arts and crafts movement in Britain, 1880-1910
The antique collector's handbook
Measured opinions : collected papers on the conservation of paintings / Gerry Hedley ; edited by Caroline Villers
Conservation in the nineteenth century : [proceedings of a conference "Conservation in the Nineteenth Century" held at the National Museum of Denmark, Copenhagen, May 13 -15, 2013] / edited by Isabelle Brajer
During World War II John Skilton wanted to use his training as an art historian to help preserve European works of art from damage and theft, so he joined the United States Army with the goal of becoming a Monuments Specialist Officer. In this book he recounts the difficulties he encountered before achieving this unusual objective, as well as his experiences in France and Germany during 1944 and 1945, including accomplishments for which he was later decorated by the governments of both countries. While still a private, serving as an interpreter with a Civil Affairs unit, Skilton rescued the damaged pieces of an important 17th-century roadside shrine in Brittany, placing them in a nearby barn so the sculptures could later be restored. Eventually he was reassigned to the Monuments, Fine Arts and Archives Section, with which he helped to discover a huge cache of stolen art that the Nazis had stored in Castle Neuschwanstein in Bavaria. Skilton's most significant accomplishments took place in Würzburg, where he arranged for the construction of a roof over the bombed-out palace of the prince-bishops, preventing destruction of its extensive interior frescos and other decorations. He also arranged for the recovery and safe storage of numerous artworks and archives that had been dispersed throughout the countryside for safekeeping during the war, and took steps to ensure that various historic churches and castles in the Mainfranken region were protected from looting. Lieutenant Skilton's memoir offers an engaging and elegantly-written narrative of his dealings with a broad range of people, including princely art collectors and civilian refugees, former Nazi officials and regular G.I.s., as well as his often frustrating encounters with Army bureaucracy at all levels. This book will appeal to art and military historians, both professional and amateur, as well as anyone interested in a lively and personal perspective on the intersection between art and war.
Chinese art history. Book two
The collector's encyclopedia : Victoriana to art deco
Sephardi jews in the Ottoman empire : aspects of material culture
Collectables handbook & price guide
Chinese art history. Book three
Marks and monograms of the modern movement 1875-1930 : a guide to the marks of artists, designers, retailers, and manufacturers from the period of the aesthetic movement to art deco and style moderne
In 2004, the Ministry of Justice ordered an investigation into the antiques and art trade within the framework of the 'Organised Crime Prevention Programme'. It emerged from this investigation that Internet auctions are gaining ground compared to normal auctions. A survey carried out in 2007 by Interpol indicates an increase in illicit trafficking in cultural goods on the web; however, it is difficult to assess the precise role of the Internet within this illegal trade, and the way buyers and sellers go about their business on the web. To gain better insight into the nature and scale of the trade in cultural goods on the Internet, the Ministry of Education, Culture and Science commissioned exploratory research. The research comprised a literature study, interviews with experts and an Internet search. In "The art of the internet", the researchers present their findings.
Persian Art : Calouste Gulbenkian Collection
A handbook of Muhammadan art
Treasures of China
Modern silver throughout the world 1880-1967
Art objects : their care and preservation : a handbook for museums and collectors
Enchanted lives, enchanted objects : American women collectors and the making of culture, 1800-1940
Selected Chinese antiquities from the collection of Gustaf Adolf, Crown Prince of Sweden
An accessible introduction to the whole of art history, from prehistoric times to the present day - now revised and expanded. This updated edition includes over 25 new entries that expand the scope of the book further into the 21st century. Features 600 of the world's greatest works of art across all media (painting, sculpture, textiles, metalwork, ceramics), ranging from seminal masterworks to lesser known pieces in both the fine and decorative arts. Texts are written by 35 of the world's leading museum curators, academics and archaeologists and the easy-to-use chronological format featuring illustrated timelines, and a glossary of terms, schools and movements / WorldCat.
Skira dictionary of modern decorative arts
30,000 years of art : the story of human creativity across time & space
Transcending traditional boundaries : Erna Gunther and that strange little figure from Valley Creek
Beginning from the Neolithic Banpo Culture, China's ceramic industry has a history of over 6,000 years. The evolution of the ceramic manufacturing methods is a mirror reflecting the development of science and technology in China. Ever since the opening of Silk Road, China-made porcelain ware had been exported abroad and found favor with foreigners. Even today they are very popular items on the international auction market. --Provided by publisher.
Oriental jewellery and works of art : opening Tuesday, 6th December 1994.
Light for art's sake : lighting for artworks and museum displays / Christopher Cuttle
Analysis and examination of an art object by imaging technique
Provenance : an alternate history of art
Nordic art and design : Tuesday 31 October 2006 Christie's
Inspired by the idea of the 'wunderkammer' ('wonder-room') or 'cabinet of curiosities' that originated during the Renaissance, world-renowned architects Tod Williams and Billie Tsien invited 35 celebrated architects and designers from around the world to create their own wunderkammers, filling boxes with objects that inspire them. This book gathers together the varied, evocative wunderkammers along with accompanying statements by their architect-creators.
Studies on metalwork, ivories and stone
Allum's antiques almanac 2015 : an annual compendium of stories and facts from the world of art and antiques
The art of conservator / edited by Andrew Oddy
Jade : a traditional chinese symbol of nobility of character
Abstract: Nkondi : a Case Study in Ethnographic Conservation. The purpose of this study was to find conservation methods and treatments suitable for an nkondi nail fetish that originates from the Congo region in Africa. This ethnographic object is on display at the permanent exhibition in the Helinä Rautavaara museum. The main problem is the extensive corrosion of the iron parts. This thesis is a combination of ethnography, artefact research, and conservation. Thesis also deals with the complexity of ethnographic conservation and its special role in the field. The object was documented thoroughly with photographs, drawings, and x-rays. Sizeable amount of material analyses were done and the condition of the object was mapped out carefully. Conservation treatments, procedures, and materials were explained and described thoroughly. After the conservation treatments the object is more stable chemically and structurally, and aesthetically the looks are more pleasing. The treatments keep the object from deteriorating further, thus helping it to survive longer. Conservation of an ethnographic object is an intricate process. It involves a lot of discussion about the ethics and other special issues. It is daunting task for a conservator, especially when encountering them for the first time.
The collector's cabinet : tales, facts & fictions from the world of antiques
Chinese art history. Book one
30 000 years of art : the story of human creativity across time and space
Stone wife
Zhongguo zhenbao = Masterworks of contemporary Chinese art
Around the Kremlin : the Moscow Kremlin, its monuments and works of art
Biology in the conservation of works of art / Giulia Caneva, Maria Pia Nugari and Ornella Salvadori
The secret museum
Changing forms and cultural identity : religious and secular iconographies. Vol. 1
PUR facts : conservation of polyurethane foam in art and design / PUR research project by Thea van Oosten, Aleth Lorne, Olivier Béringuer
The care and handling of art objects : practices in the Metropolitan Museum of Art / by Marjorie Shelley ; with contributions by members of the curatorial and conservation departments of the Metropolitan Museum of Art ; illustrations by Helmut Nickel
Nkondi: A Case Study in Ethnographic Conservation
Contributions from Else and Heinz Kress between 2007 to 2009 : International netsuke society journal
The conservator as an investigator : postprints of the Baltic-Nordic Conference on conserved and restored works of art 6 - 9th October 1999, Tallinn, Estonia / edited by Rikhard Hordal, Tannar Ruuben
Woodturning design : Turning inspiration into form
The I in design
Old master prints and drawings : a guide to preservation and conservation / by Carlo James ... [et al.] ; translated and edited by Marjorie B. Cohn
Chinese whispers : Chinoiserie in Britain, 1650-1930
Treasures of the royal courts : Tudors, Stuarts & the Russian tsars
The silk roads : a new history of the world
Ancient Rome as a museum : power, identity, and the culture of collecting
Treasures : National Museum, New Delhi
The antiques magpie : a compendium of absorbing history, stories and facts from the world of antiques
Sinebrychoffin taidekokoelma : juhlanäyttely : Keravan Taidemuseo, 27.4.-13.6.1993, Ulkomaisen taiteen museo Sinebrychoff, 1.7.-29.8.1993 = Sinebrychoff art collection : a celebratory exhibition : Kerava Art Museum 27.4.-13.6.1993, Museum of Foreign Art S / näyttelykomitea = exhibition committee: Aune Jääskinen, Aune Laaksonen, Merja Paimensaari ; suunnittelu = planning: Kai Kartio ; työryhmä = working group: Kai Kartio...[et al.] ; näyttelykirja = catalogue: toimittaja = editor: Kai Kartio
The national museum of China
Hitler's art thief : Hildebrand Gurlitt, the Nazis, and the looting of Europe's treasures
Gilding and antique finishes / Yvonne Rees
The art of the internet : a study of illegal online trading in cultural goods
Museum archetypes and collecting in the ancient world' offers a broad, yet detailed analysis of the phenomenon of collecting in the ancient world through a museological lens. In the last two decades this has provided a basis for exciting interdisciplinary explorations by archaeologists, art historians, and historians of the history of collecting. This collection of essays by different specialists is the first general overview of the reasons why ancient civilizations from Archaic Greece to the Late Classical/Early Christian period amassed objects and displayed them together in public, private and imaginary contexts. It addresses the ranges of significance these proto-museological conditions gave to the objects both in sacred and secular settings.
1000 rings : inspiring adornments for the hand
China
Animals, gods and men from East to West : papers on archaeology and history in honour of Roberta Venco Ricciardi
The Mining Museum
Reports : The International symposium on the conservation and restoration of cultural property : analysis and examination of an art object by imaging technique : September 29 - October 1, 1988, Tokyo, Japan
Who cares? : in English / Minna Raitmaa
The art of Benin
Art of the dragon
Museum archetypes and collecting in the ancient world
Gold : power and allure
The conservation of Far Eastern art : preprints of the contributions to the Kyoto congress, 19-23 September 1988 / edited by John S. Mills, Perry Smith and Kazuo Yamasaki
The complete guide to shadowboxes and framing objects / James Miller
Fabergé : treasures from the Kremlin
Hatpins and hatpin holders encyclopedia
History of the world in 1000 objects
Urban chic
Nkondi : a case study in ethnographic conservation
The art of Gandhara in the Metropolitan Museum of Art
400 polymer clay designs : a collection of dynamic & colorful contemporary work
SOFA Chicago 2009 : sculpture objects & functional art
Traditional Chinese toggles : counterweights and charms
