http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25098 optician's shops
optician's shops
Entry and operation in Finland : case:  Specsavers
Russian optical market : market research of eyewear business in Russia : case: CECOP (Central de Compras Opticas)
This market research was conducted in order to estimate the current optical market situation in Russia whether it is advisable to enter the market by CECOP Company, an Optical Buying Group originated in Spain. The study includes the research about the target country economy, business traditions and local eyewear market particularly. The main goal was to identify the possible risks and obstacles connected with entering the target country, and also evaluate the potential of eyewear market in Russia. The primary market research was done by the use of phone interviewing of potential clients and industry experts from the target country. The target customer group included independent opticians' working with international top brands. The survey was running from February to July 2011 in a constant cooperation with CECOP management team. During six months of the market research approximately 350 independent opticians were interviewed, and 300 responses were analyzed and represented in this thesis report. The qualitative data regarding the market size and eyewear assortment in Russia was gained from the leading optical companies' and the biggest optical magazine's representatives. The results illustrate that Russian market represents a big potential for the company in future due to internationalization of Russian eyewear industry, expected market growth and favorable forecasts for innovative European businesses entering the market. However, at the moment the market of top quality products is not developed enough, and there is a tight price competition coming from Asian economy class eyewear. There also exist legal obstacles and risks to be considered.  Valuable information was gained helping to achieve the main goals of the research: evaluation of the market size, identification of the key suppliers in the country, definition of the target segment and classification of independent opticians' shops. All gained information will be analyzed and used by CECOP Company in making a final decision about expanding business to Russia.
