http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25000 application frameworks
application frameworks
Professional ASP.NET MVC 4
Spring in action
Groovy and Grails recipes
The business of Android apps development: making and marketing apps that succeed
Drupal web applications and their inherent security issues
Location framework in symbian OS based mobile phones
Beginning Groovy and Grails : from Novice to Professional
Realtime Web Analytics
Meemoo : hackable Web app framework
Exam preparation application for students (RoR) : concept web application for exam preparation with a prototype built in Ruby on Rails framework
Pro ASP.NET 4.5 in C#
GPS Tracker Data Analysis Platform
Software architecture for low tier embedded product platform
Adopting web framework in Web-application development
Programming for PaaS
Rails cookbookTM
Peer production of a 3D world map : a case study of Layar
Sophisticated Ordering Tool for WRM Products
Design and prototyping for Drupal
This practical book shows experienced web developers how to combine the ASP.NET MVC server-side language with the Bootstrap front-end framework and Knockout.js - the JavaScript implementation of the Model-View-ViewModel pattern - to build dynamic sites that work and display well on any resolution, desktop or mobile.
ASP.NET MVC 5 with Bootstrap and Knockout.js : building dynamic, responsive web applications
A service-oriented architecture for social networks : developing a scalable and extensible service framework for group management
Hadoop : the definitive guide
Cocoa programming for Mac OS X for dummies
Drupal 7 module development : create your own Drupal modules from scratch
Java EE development with Eclipse : develop Java EE applications with Eclipse and commonly used technologies and frameworks
Tracking what is happening on a website in realtime is invaluable. The objective of this thesis was to start and launch the first version of Snowfinch, an open source realtime web analytics application. The thesis report contains up-to-date fundamentals of web analytics; reasoning behind the most important and difficult technical decisions in the project; product development methodologies; and an overview of the resulting application. Understanding visitors is the key to a site's success. Research shows that the amount of insights provided by clickstream data is small in comparison to the amount of data gathered. Even though there is much more to web analytics than clickstream data, the fact is that it is the only data that can be collected and analyzed exclusively by software, thus the need to optimize its use. With the current use and importance of social media, being able to act quickly is a business differentiator. Visualizing data in realtime is crucial to a fast response. Choosing an appropriate data store plays an important role in the overall performance, responsiveness, and development time of the system. The development work was sponsored by Kisko Labs Oy. Snowfinch will be used both internally and in client projects. During the development period, it has tracked over half a million page views and approximately two hundred thousand visitors. Snowfinch may be used by anyone as it is, or it can act as a solid foundation on which to build customized functionality. Being free and deployable inside a private network offers a competitive advantage over commercial alternatives. The fundamental technologies used are the Ruby programming language, the Ruby on Rails web framework, and the MongoDB document-oriented database. The project was released under the MIT license, a permissive and free software license approved by the OSI (Open Source Initiative).
Drupal Watchdog
Presents information on creating and managing a Web site with Drupal 7, covering such topics as content options, taxonomy, menus, installing themes, blocks, modules, views, panels, and administration.
The Rails 4 way
Metaheuristics meet metamodels : a modeling language and a product line architecture for route optimization systems
Android tablets for dummies
Creating an e-commerce website with CakePHP framework
Development and analysis usability video tool by Prails web Framework
Android application development all-in-one for dummies
PhoneGap essentials : building cross-platform mobile apps
Apache Hadoop YARN : moving beyond MapReduce and batch processing with Apache Hadoop 2
Integration Platform for Biomedical Image Analysis
Mastering principles and practices in PMBOK, PRINCE2, and Scrum : using essential project management methods to deliver effective and efficient projects
Getting MEAN with Mongo, Express, Angular, and Node shows readers how to develop web applications end-to-end using the MEAN stack. It systematically discusses each technology in the MEAN stack helping to build up an application one layer at a time, just as in a real project.
Realtime web analytics
Learning Node
Borderlands : comparing border security in North America and Europe
The goal of this thesis was to create an online flea market for Data Media Gazelle, a digital agency located in Turku. The purpose of the website was to create an environment where users could place ads for the items they wished to sell. Administrators could control the categorization and the user-generated ads. The website was created with CakePHP, a web application framework. The core elements of the project were ad creation, categorization, navigation and administrator actions. These elements were implemented by using different CakePHP components, helpers, functions and methods. Different web technologies are explained at the start of this thesis. After that some of the different PHP frameworks are introduced briefly and some comparisons are made. The CakePHP framework is examined more thoroughly, including aspects such as model associations and data validation. At the last part of this thesis, the project itself is explored in depth. The database behind the project is explained and different structures of the website will be demonstrated, complete with code examples.
Offers instructions for working with the Groovy programming language and the Grails Web framework, covering such topics as building a user interface, security, Web 2.0, reporting, batch processing, and deploying and upgrading applications.
Web development with Node and Express : leveraging the JavaScript stack
Service-oriented design with Ruby and Rails
Foundation Drupal 7
Drupal : the guide to planning and building websites
Ruby on RailsTM 3 tutorial : learn RailsTM by example
IoT automation : arrowhead Framework
Data structures and algorithms in Java
"Need to move a relational database application to Hadoop? This comprehensive guide introduces you to Apache Hive, Hadoop's data warehouse infrastructure. You'll quickly learn how to use Hive's SQL dialect- Hive QL- to summarize, query, and analyze large datasets stored in Hadoop's distributed filesystem. This example-driven guide shows you how to set up and configure Hive in your environment, provides detailed overview of Hadoop and MapReduce, and demonstrates how Hive works within the Hadoop ecosystem. You'll also find real-world case studies that describe how companies have used Hive to solve unique problems involving petabyes of data."--P. [4] of cover.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Playing for Java : covers Play 2
This Bachelor’s thesis was done as a private project with objectives to propose and describe an idea for a web application. The proposed application enables students in developing countries to prepare better for exams, acting as a collective platform for exam preparation related activities. Another objective of this thesis was to gain practical knowledge of web application development and related technologies by developing a prototype web application for the proposed idea. Ruby and Rails web framework was used to develop the prototype. The reasons to opt Ruby and Rails for development were its open source nature, popularity and my keen interest in learning the framework. Front-end framework Bootstrap 3.0, online drawing tool Google Drawing and other technologies associated with the web application development were used to describe the idea and to build the prototype application. Question paper browsing, reading, subscribing and answering components were fully developed in the prototype application along with very basic social networking features such as, posting micro-post and following other users. Being a prototype, the developed web application has potential for further development. Features, such as web accessibility, responsive design, social network integration, push notification service, and PDF file generation can be added to extend the application.
Maven : the definitive guide
Windows phone 8 unleashed
The definitive guide to Drupal 7
Getting MEAN With Mongo, Express, Angular, and Node
A software framework for embedded real time audio systems
Realization of Big Data Analytics Tool for optimization processes within the Finnish engineering company
Innovative software development in GIS
Ruby cookbook
Userlutions GmbH is a young innovative company which specializes in testing and optimization of website and promotional product. Working as an ambition agency, combining a scientific and pragmatic approach, Userlutions GmbH starts with providing a great consulting and testing service at the good price to assist customer obtaining a maximum benefit. The most well-known product is the online usability test at web address: RapidUsertests.com which is one of the market leader usability testing tool, was published in 2010. In the autumn of 2013, Userlutions GmbH renovated and present various modules to response the demand of market. One of them is an analysis usability video tool that is used as the object of this thesis. It is commissioned to Userlutions GmbH, based in Berlin, Germany. The main purpose of the thesis is illustrating the developing process in order to meet the predefined requirements from Userlutions for its analysis usability video tool. The software development lifecycle, tools also have been explained to provide a clearly view of inside developing process from design to deployment. The major development tools are Prails web framework, various jQuery library and MySQL database. The theoretical part discusses about user-centered design which was has been applied in design analysis video tool. In addition, qualitative is the major research method included interview with client and market research. Books, digital articles, documentation on internet and advices of colleges and supervisor are used as the main resource of this paper. As the main results, the analysis usability video tool has been completed on time with the good feedback from client. Although there are some changes which have been made during project due to optimization reason, the final product responded all pre-defined requirements.
