http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25022 warriors
warriors
A quest of heroes
The Greek geometric warrior figurine : interpretation and origin
Path of the assassin. [Volume 1 : Serving in the dark]
Warriors. SkyClan and the stranger #3. after the flood
The darkest lie
Attack on Titan : Before the fall. 2
The pagan lord
The Barry Windsor-Smith archives : Conan volume 1
Warriors. SkyClan and the stranger #1. the rescue
Babylon A.D
Death of kings
Vinland saga. Book three
Warriors : Skyclan & the stranger. 2 : Beyond the code
Path of the assassin. [Volume 4 : The man who altered the river's flow]
Avry knows hardship and trouble. She fought the plague and survived. She took on King Tohon and defeated him. But now her heart-mate, Kerrick, is missing, and Avry fears he's gone forever. But there's a more immediate threat. The Skeleton King plots to claim the Fifteen Realms for his own. With armies in disarray and the dead not staying down, Avry's healing powers are needed now more than ever.
House of chains
By the sword
Attack on Titan : Before the fall. 1
Mouse guard : Winter 1152
The eye of the falcon
Isle of the dead and other stories
A thick white blanket covers the wide slopes of the band of hills known as the Razorback Downs. Podkin One-Ear is a legend: a fearsome warrior rabbit whose reputation for cunning and triumph in battle has travelled the ages. When a travelling bard arrives at Thornwood Warren on Midwinter night, he is warmly welcomed. In return for food and lodging, he settles down to tell the tale of Podkin One-Ear - and soon the rabbits are enthralled to hear the story of how one lost little rabbit overcame the cruellest enemy imaginable, and became the greatest warrior their land has ever known.
Deathless
The darkest whisper
The darkest seduction
Warriors : Skyclan & the stranger. 3 : After the flood
Warriors : Skyclan & the stranger. 1 : Rescue
Magic breaks
Al Fursan al Thalathah
Path of the assassin. Volume 7 : Center of the world
Chunchu : The genocide fiend. 3
A march of kings
Chunchu : The genocide fiend. 2
The three musketeers
Half a war
Path of the assassin. Volume 13 : Hateful burden
Greed and control : the history and content of the international anti-mercenary norm
Path of the assassin. Volume 10 : Battle for power. Part two
Conan : the newspaper strips. Volume 1
Warriors. SkyClan and the stranger #2. beyond the code
The outcasts
A feast of dragons
Twelve kings in Sharakhai
Warriors. Ravenpaw's path #3. the heart of a warrior
The samurai
The king's name
Swords : an artist's devotion
Warriors of the storm
A brief history of the amazons : women warriors in myth and history
A dangerous path
Of sand & malice made
Set in an alternate version of St. Petersburg in the first half of the twentieth century, Marya Morevna, a clever child of the revolution, is transformed into the beautiful bride of Koschei the Deathless, a menacing overlord
The winter isles
Ninja : 1,000 years of the shadow warrior
Shattered peace
Kung fu panda : the movie storybook
Broxo
The oathbound
Long Shadows
French medieval armies 1000-1300
Last knights
Warriors : Enter the Clans
The definitive Wolverine
Rat queens. Volume three, Demons
Path of the assassin. [Volume 2 : Sand and flower]
Champions of Midgard
The king's peace
Lone Wolf and Cub. Omnibus 2
Warriors and weapons of early times in colour
Path of the assassin. [Volume 5 : Battle of one hundred and eight days]
The flame bearer
They call her "Amber the Untouched" throughout the Disputed Lands -- a chaste, golden-haired beauty who fears the remarkable love that was prophesied at her birth ... and the death that must inevitably follow. Now Duncan has come to her in darkness, as was foretold -- a wounded warrior with no memory, seared by passion's fire and irresistibly drawn to the innocent enchantress who divines truth with a touch. Their romance is legend in a time of war. But when Duncan's memory returns, he sees Amber as his enemy. Still, he cannot forsake the lover who healed his body and heart. And he will defy to the death the dread forces that have proclaimed their love.
The Three Musketeers
The old jarl has died and his once prosperous port has fallen into a state of catastrophe. Fearsome creatures are coming in droves, driving chaos and destruction before them. Trolls attack the town. Draugr terrorize nearby villages. Monsters strike at travelers and merchants alike. The people are suffering and you could be their champion.
The Musketeers. The complete season 1
Empty throne
Legend of the scarlet blades
Podkin One-Ear
The metabarons. #2 : Aghnar & Oda
Attack on Titan : No regrets. 2
Taste of darkness
Eternal Warrior. Volume one, Sword of the wild
Mouse guard : The black axe
Inés of my soul
Champions of Midgard blends worker-placement and dice-driven combat to create an exciting and strategic experience. Recruit warriors, gain powerful runes, and peer into the future - then send your faithful fighters on journeys to defeat fierce and mythical beasts. Gain the most glory to become the new jarl and be recognized as a champion of Midgard!
Warrior princess : my quest to become the first female Maasai warrior
Path of the assassin. Volume 11 : Hikuma castle
The metabarons. #1 : Othon & Honorata
Diary of Dorkius Maximus
Fracture me. Book 2
Path of the assassin. Volume 9 : Battle for power. Part one
Chunchu : The genocide fiend. 1
Path of the assassin. [Volume 3 : Comparison of a man]
The darkest surrender
Path of the assassin. Volume 12 : Three foot battle
The metabarons. #3 : Steelhead & Doña Vicenta
The brand new novel in Bernard Cornwell's number one bestselling series on the making of England and the fate of his great hero, Uhtred of Bebbanburg.
Set in the same world as Half a King, Half a World follows a new protagonist, Thorn, a fifteen-year-old girl in training for the king's army. But even as she's learning the ways of war, she's also growing up...and falling in love for the first time
Vinland saga. Book four
The blade itself
Path of the assassin. Volume 14 : Bad blood
The burning shadow
An army of frogs : a Kulipari novel
Isolation
Weapons of the Metabaron
Attack on Titan : No regrets. 1
The winged histories
Jade sky : a Matt Rowley novel
Half the world
Path of the assassin. Volume 8 : Shinobi with extending fists
Lone Wolf and Cub. Omnibus 1
Deathmark and other stories
Warriors. Ravenpaw's path #2. a clan in need
The Scorpion King 3 : battle for redemption
Altered carbon
Oathbreakers
Path of the assassin. Volume 6 : Life's greatest difficulty
26 bizarre tales of Shaolin vs. Wu-Tang
The invaders
The soldier son trilogy. 1, Shaman's crossing
The hunters
”In a perfect world we don’t need them or want them – but the world isn’t perfect” : the United Nations and the private arms
The dogs of war
Sergio Aragonés' Groo : The hogs of horder
Warriors. Ravenpaw's path #1. shattered peace
