http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25099 organisational changes
organisational changes
Improving internal information flow : case: The Case Company
Managing transitions : making the most of change
"What's the worst thing you can hear when you have a good idea at work? "That's not how we do it here!""--
Look at more : a proven approach to innovation, growth and change
Public relations in a transition society 1989-2002 : using a stakeholder approach in organisational communications and relations analyses
Understanding change : theory, implementation and success
Interactive learning for innovation : a key driver within clusters and innovation systems
Agency-centred coupling - a better way to manage an educational organization?
The purpose of this thesis was to study how to better implement change on an operational level in the Finnish office of an international logistics company which is going through a major organizational restructuring program. The research data was acquired by carrying out a survey among the operational personnel of the company. The research method has been quantitative research, although the survey had two open ended questions in which respondents were able to provide feed-back about the transformation process in their own words. The theoretical framework of this study is comprised of John Kotter's and Jim Collins' views on change management. Kotter's 8 stage model of change process provides an excellent overview of all the details that go into implementing a successful change. Collins has studied numerous companies which have gone through a major transformation and managed to become industry leaders. Results of this research show that an enormous organizational restructuring can be extremely difficult to execute. The organization has been able to sustain a high rate of urgency which helps a great deal in change process, but there are some shortcomings in communication and employee empowerment. Supporting the urgency within the organization should be the main focus in the future, as the transformation process has been put on hold. Before the change program moves forward the issues with communication and employee empowerment should be fixed. In order to do so, there needs to be more hands on communication where the employees are clearly demonstrated with the benefits of the change.
Engaging change : a people-centred approach to business transformation
Organizational change and temporality : bending the arrow of time
Innovation and growth : what do we know?
The most effective communication channel to spread information in an organization
The role of commitment in software process improvement
"Companies, communities, and individuals fall for many reasons, but one of the most common--and easily avoidable--is the failure to reinvent. When people and organizations rest on prior successes rather than driving purposeful transformation, they discover too late that they have lost their market position altogether to competitors and external forces.The most successful companies, brands, and individuals make reinvention a regular part of their business strategies. Transformation demands an ongoing process of discovery and imagination, and The Road to Reinvention lays out a systematic approach for continually challenging and reinventing yourself and your business. Venture capitalist and serial entrepreneur Josh Linkner identifies six elements in any business that are ripe for reinvention and shares examples, methods, and step-by-step techniques for creating deliberate, productive disruption.Throughout The Road to Reinvention, Linkner also explores the history--the great rise, unprecedented fall, and now rebirth--of his beloved hometown, Detroit. First rising to greatness as the result of breathtaking innovation, Detroit had generations of booming growth before succumbing apathy, atrophy, and finally bankruptcy. Now, the city is rising from the ashes and driving sustainable success through an intense focus on reinvention. Linkner brings an insider's view of this incredible story of grit, determination, and creativity, sharing his perspective on Detroit's successes and setbacks as a profound example of large-scale organizational and personal transformation.Change is inevitable. You need to decide: Will you drive that change, or be driven away by it? Will you disrupt or be disrupted? By choosing to deliberately reimagine your own status quo, you can secure a strong future for both your company and your career"--
Change by design : how design thinking transforms organizations and inspires innovation
Transformations : 7 roles to drive change by design
The executive checklist : a guide for setting direction and managing change
Organizing media : mastering the challenges of organizational change
Organization design : a guide to building effective organizations
Most executives will lead or be a part of a reorganization (a "reorg"). And for good reason--reorgs are one of the best ways for companies to unlock latent value, especially in a changing business environment. But everyone hates them. Perhaps no other management practice creates more anxiety and fear among employees or does more to distract them from their day-to-day jobs. As a result, reorgs can be incredibly expensive in terms of senior management time and attention, and most of them fail on multiple dimensions. It's no wonder that companies treat a reorg as a mysterious process and outsource it to people who don't understand the business. But it doesn't have to be that way. Stephen Heidari-Robinson and Suzanne Heywood, former leaders of McKinsey's Organization practice, present a practical guide for successfully planning and implementing a reorg--demystifying and accelerating the process at the same time. Based on their twenty-five years of combined experience doing reorgs and on McKinsey research with over 2,500 executives involved in them, the authors distill what they and their McKinsey colleagues have been practicing as an art into a science that executives can replicate in companies or business units large or small. Their approach isn't complex, nor is it bogged down by a lot of organizational theory: the five steps give executives a simple, logical process to follow, making it easier for everyone--both the leaders and the employees who ultimately determine the success or failure of a reorg--to commit themselves to and succeed in the new organization.
Choosing change : how leaders and organizations drive results one person at a time
Organizational change
Socio-cognitive perspectives on IT-enabled change in organizations
Individual adaptability to changes at work : new directions in research
It is all in the relationship : capacity building for organizing, change and learning from a relational perspective
Neuroscience for organizational change : an evidence-based practical guide to managing change
Sustaining change in organizations
Appreciative inquiry as an instrument for the human resource management
Creativity at work : developing the right practices to make innovation happen
Organizational behaviour
Making sense of change management
Preventive stress management in organizations
Starting up your skilled trade business enterprise : EFQM 2010 : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
"Organization Development is concerned with using planned and systematic approaches to help develop more effective organizations. This is done by taking an objective look at how an organization is operating, gathering information and then deciding on the most appropriate action to help that organization change and develop. Written by two of the leading experts in the field, Organization Development defines OD and describes how it can be used effectively in today's economy to create organizations which maximise organizational capability. The authors provide practical advice on using diagnostics techniques to identify an organization's needs and explain how to use them across a range of areas including change, culture and organization design. Bridging the gap between theory and practice, Organization Development provides a wealth of helpful advice for OD practitioners, HR professionals and those with an interest in helping develop their organization"--
Organization development : a practitioner's guide for OD and HR
Constructing the best culture to perform
The positive organization : breaking free from conventional cultures, constraints, and beliefs
Appreciative inquiry handbook : for leaders of change
Reorganising the national health service : a case study in administrative change
Is there method in the madness? : exploring short-distance relocation processes
Manager's guide to virtual teams
Originally part of Berrett-Koehler Communication's "Collaborating for Change" series, this short introduction to Appreciative Inquiry is the best way for organisations to be introduced to AI by the originators and leaders of the movement itself. Now with a new introduction and updated with revisions throughout, "Appreciative Inquiry" offers an approach that works because it acknowledges the prevailing attitudes toward change. It offers a fresh view based on the possibility of a more desirable future, experience with the whole system and activities that signal "something different is happening this time." That difference systematically taps the potential of human beings to make themselves, their organisations and their communities more adaptive and more effective. This approach is based on solid, proven principles for unleashing people's creativity, knowledge and spirit toward a common purpose.
This volume provides a comprehensive treatment of the principles, theories, constructs, and strategies in organizational development and change management. Developed as a companion to other texts in the Wiley-Blackwell Handbooks in Organizational Psychology series, this handbook focuses on the theories and ideas that inspire and support the practice and strategy of these areas of study. Appropriate for graduate students as well as faculty, the Handbook will be a useful tool for teaching the theories and strategies that provide key background for successful organizational leaders.
Managing boundaries in organizations : multiple perspectives
Organizational change, leadership and ethics : leading organizations towards sustainability
Ten steps to innovation heaven : how to create future growth and competitive strength
Corporate spin-offs value creation : parent & spin-off view
Basic human values in the workplace
The management shift : how to harness the power of people and transform your organization for sustainable success
Change is now so commonplace that people no longer talk in terms of the "whitewater epoch". Every sector of the economies of the developed world has experienced huge swathes of change in the last decade of the twentieth century alone. Increased global competition, aided and abetted by technological advances, has led many organizations to seek to re-invent themselves in the hope of being able to survive and thrive. In mature sectors in particular, where the pace of consolidation is accelerating, organizations have had little option but to grow through acquisition or be absorbed. Whether the change is labelled "continuous process improvement", "restructuring", "downsizing" or re-engineering", to employees, change usually brings with it added pressures, job insecurity and a consequent loss of commitment to the organization. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success argues that strategic change in the new millennium will be geared increasingly to achieving sustainable high performance, rather than just short-term gains. Most theorists now agree that the real challenge of change lies in gaining employees" willingness to commit to the change effort. Change leaders at every level need to be able to understand the elements at work in any change process, and to use judgement about the style of leadership required to give the change effort the best chance of success. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success provides an overview of change and organizational theory, leading in particular to the author"s definition of the "input" elements of the high performance organisation, based on extensive research into UK and international organisations. It also contains a section looking at the management of change, with case studies illustrating approaches to managing change which are conducive to achieving sustainable high performance. In her companion book, The High Performance Organization- creating dynamic stability, the author explores some of the "how to"s" of building an organizational culture which is supportive of high performance in today"s challenging environment.
"'That's not my job.' If you don't want your employees to say that, why do you start your relationship by giving them a narrow task and competency focused description of their job? We need people to fulfil many different roles at work - yes the need todo their job, but they also need to contribute positive energy, collaborate, and take personal reasonability for innovation and personal development. How do they fit into a traditional job description? It is futile persevering with the job description borne out of the scientific management movement one hundred years ago. The world of work is vastly different to the assembly lines of the Ford Motor Company of the early twentieth-century. Building on the phenomenal success of The End of the Performance Review, Baker examines four essential 'Non-Job' roles that all employees must fulfil and shows how to create meaningful role descriptions that can help you recruit better people and enable them to deliver better results. "--
Reinventing management : smarter choices for getting work done
Provides a realistic approach to implementing benefits realization management in organizations that is aligned to PMI's Standard for Program Management and other global standards, and is presented in the context of program and portfolio management.
The new ecology of leadership : business mastery in a chaotic world
The economic impact of information and communication technology (ICT) investment in EU-27
Dynamic capabilities : how organizational structures affect knowledge processes
Appetite for innovation : creativity and change at elBulli
Business analysis & leadership : influencing change
Finnish army AD 2020.
Managing organizational change : a practical toolkit for leaders
Dialogic organization development : the theory and practice of transformational change
The agile organization : how to build an innovative, sustainable and resilient business
"In today's global world organizations rely more and more on virtual teams. In his latest book on group coaching for high-performance teams, Manfred Kets de Vries provides a clear understanding of how to coach groups of managers and make them effective teams that can bring greatly improved performance for their companies. Executives, consultants, and coaches will learn what factors drive their success or failure and how to improve their ability to adapt to changing situations"--
How to overcome barriers for innovations in organizations from the public sector : Local governments for the future
Caught in the middle? : narrative identity construction of middle management in strategic change
Strategic benefits realization : optimizing value through programs, portfolios and organizational change management
Organizational Justice During Strategic Change : The Employee's Perspective
"The book is important as it is one of the very few that touches the topic of team coaching, and that deals with group coaching and change"--
Strategy implementation
What's in it for me? : organizational commitment among faculty members in UAE business schools
Learning for organizational development : how to design, deliver and evaluate effective L&D
Maximizing value propositions to increase project success rates
Reshaping central government
Change management : a guide to effective implementation
That's not how we do it here! : a story about how organizations rise and fall--and can rise again
Decision-making and choice in the adoption of municipal enterprise form in public healthcare organisations : reasoning, goals, legitimacy and core dilemmas
Crisis and renewal in one Finnish private school
A general theory of institutional change
Organizational change : an action-oriented toolkit
Project manager's spotlight on change management
Changing the planning for agile and lean software development:from roadmapping to continuous planning
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
Making change work : how to create behavioural change in organizations to drive impact and ROI
The end of the job description : shifting from a job-focus to a performance-focus
Staying well in an unstable world of work : prospective cohort study of the determinants of employee well-being
"Agility" is the ability to continuously adapt to rapidly changing circumstances, while "resilience" is being able to bounce back from setbacks. Resilience is essential if a company's benefits are to endure in the long run and if their employees' loyalty is to be kept.The Agile Organization focuses on how to build both agility and resilience at individual, team, and organizational levels. Author Linda Holbeche puts the process of developing agile strategy, structures, and processes into the big picture context.This book provides OD/HR practitioners with ways to be effective in a 24/7 business culture, to recognize and avoid the pitfalls of achieving agility without also building organizational resilience, and to understand the importance of involving people in transforming organizations for greater agility.Combining case studies, self-assessment tools, guidelines, and practical checklists with theory, Holbeche explains how to achieve organizational agility while also maintaining and enhancing employee engagement and resilience. "--
"Appreciative Inquiry (AI) is one of the most exciting and increasingly recognized concepts being used to facilitate organizational change. This book studies AI in depth, illustrating the method of asking particular questions and envisioning the future, encouraging staff to consider both the positive and negative systems in place and to recognize the need to implement change. It demonstrates how AI can be practically applied by combining the skills, perspectives and approaches presented here into a practical conversational approach to organizational challenges. It also takes a look at other techniques used to create change through conversation. Case studies from organizations that have already integrated conversational methods into their change management practice show why the processes are valuable, why they are effective, and how to generate such conversations yourself. Written in jargon-free language, this is an excellent resource for discovering the benefits that conversational techniques can have on an organization and its performance"--
Lean transformation in an office environment : Lean tools and engagement techniques for office managers
ReOrg : how to get it right
Change, strategy and projects at work
The organization of higher education : managing colleges for a new era
Organization and innovation
Enabling innovation : innovative capability - German and international views
Organizational change : creating change through strategic communication
Organizational change and development
Change in organizations : new perspectives on theory, research, and practice
The Ways to New  : 15 Paths to Disruptive Innovation
Managing diversity in public organizations / Silvia Popescu and Rauno Rusko
Organizational health : integrated approach to building optimum performance
"The family firm preparing generational change, the partnership that welcomes new partners, and the shareholders of a firm that chooses to go public are making decisions that will have an impact on strategy and management. Conversely, a change in strategy such as a move to diversify or a decision to take on more risk in a business can make the firm more attractive to some shareholders and less attractive to others and is therefore not ownership neutral. Opening the black box of agency theory, Korine and Gomez show how management and ownership interact to shape the strategy of the firm. In their view, the critical question to ask is not what is the best strategy, but rather, who is the strategy for? With numerous detailed examples, Strong Managers, Strong Owners is an invaluable resource for company owners, board members and executives, as well as their advisors in strategy and governance"--
Stream analysis : a powerful way to diagnose and manage organizational change
A new tried and tested model for leadership to help managers improve engagement, remove barriers to innovation and uncover the hidden strengths of every company's greatest asset: their workforce
The impact of change on employees' motivation
This book introduces 10 mega business trends, ranging from big data to the O2O model. By mining and analyzing mountains of data, the author identifies these 10 emerging trends and goes to great lengths to explain and support his views with up-to-date cases. By incorporating the latest developments, this book allows readers to keep abreast of rapidly advancing digital technologies and business models. In this time of mass entrepreneurship and innovation, acquiring deep insights into business trends and grasping opportunities for innovation give readers (business executives in particular) and their companies a competitive advantage and the potential to become the next success story. The Chinese version of the book has become a hit, with some business schools using it as a textbook for their S&T Innovation and Business Trends programs. It also provides business executives with a practical guide for their investment and operation decisions.
Creative people must be stopped : 6 ways we kill innovation (without even trying)
Solutions for the future viability of any organization must be scalable, agile, self-forming, and self-led. In this 21st century era it is not difficult to find organizations that are getting it right. But why should only a handful succeed when there are boundless opportunities for all organizations to embrace a new way of thinking and doing.
External networked learning in anticipating change : the case of a Finnish vocational educational organization
Bridging current theory with practical applications, Organizational Change combines conceptual models with concrete examples and useful exercises to dramatically improve the knowledge, skills, and abilities of students in creating effective change. You will learn to identify needs, communicate a powerful vision, and engage others in the process.
"As the pace of change in organizations increases, leaders and HR personnel must support their employees, show understanding as to why employees might react in a certain way, what they need from their working relationships, and how staff might be better motivated. Neuroscience can offer insights into all these issues. Neuroscience for Organizational Change shows how to take the findings from neuroscience and put them into action by looking at the importance of communicating change effectively through storytelling, explaining how better understanding of the brain enables better planning of organizational change, managing emotions, and creating a feeling of social connection that employees can draw on for support during times of change. Each chapter includes illustrations, solutions and examples of what other companies have done, and questions/checklist at the end"--
"What's the worst thing you can hear when you have a good idea at work? "That's not how we do it here!"  In their iconic bestseller Our Iceberg Is Melting, John Kotter and Holger Rathgeber used a simple fable about penguins to explain the process of lead&shy;ing people through major changes. Now, ten years later, they're back with another must-read story that will help any team or organization cope with their biggest challenges and turn them into exciting opportunities.  Once upon a time a clan of meerkats lived in the Kalahari, a region in southern Africa. After years of steady growth, a drought has sharply reduced the clan's resources, and deadly vulture attacks have increased. As things keep getting worse, the har&shy;mony of the clan is shattered. The executive team quarrels about possible solutions, and sugges&shy;tions from frontline workers face a soul-crushing response: "That's not how we do it here!"  So Nadia, a bright and adventurous meerkat, hits the road in search of new ideas to help her trou&shy;bled clan. She discovers a much smaller group that operates very differently, with much more teamwork and agility. These meerkats have developed innova&shy;tive solutions to find food and evade the vultures. But not everything in this small clan is as perfect as it seems at first.  Can Nadia figure out how to combine the best of both worlds--a large, disciplined, well-managed clan and a small, informal, inspiring clan--before it's too late?   This book distills Kotter's decades of experi&shy;ence and award-winning research to reveal why organizations rise and fall, and how they can rise again in the face of adversity"--
Trans-cultural leadership for transformation
When culture matters : a case study on the transfer and transformation processes of a governance system in a non-listed company
Black box thinking : the surprising truth about success (and why some people never learn from their mistakes)
Business trends in the digital era : evolution of theories and applications
The contrary forces of innovation : an ethnography of innovation in the food industry
Business process management : concepts, languages, architectures
Internal communication during an organizational change : an ethnographic case study
Appreciative inquiry : change at the speed of imagination
The growing business handbook : inspiration and advice from successful entrepreneurs and fast growing UK companies
The change handbook : the definitive resource on today's best methods for engaging whole systems
Schools that learn : a fifth discipline fieldbook for educators, parents, and everyone who cares about education
℗Social Innovation is becoming an increasingly important topic in our global society. Those organizations which are able to develop business solutions to the most urgent social and ecological challenges will be the leading companies of tomorrow. Social Innovation not only creates value for society but will be a key driver for business success. Although the concept of Social Innovation is discussed globally the meaning and its impact on the development of new business strategies is still heavily on debate. This publication has the goal to give a comprehensive overview of different concepts in t.
The change leader's roadmap : how to navigate your organization's transformation
Lasting change : the shared values process that makes companies great
A core textbook for all modules in Change Management, Hayes examines and applies the key theories of change to diverse and international organizational settings. Diagnostic tools, immersive learning exercises and video interviews with change practitioners bring the subject to life and enable students to identify, implement and learn from change.
Simply brilliant : how great organizations do ordinary things in extraordinary ways
Scaling up excellence : getting to more without settling for less
Relevance of scope management and organizational change management in IT deployment projects
Appreciative inquiry for change management : using AI to facilitate organizational development
"Understanding how employees' brains work enables organizations to build cultures, design structures and processes that help people to be more innovative, productive and engaged. This has lasting impact in terms of meeting business objectives and becoming an employer of choice. We need to change the way we manage change in organizations: by understanding the brain we can do this better. Neuroscience brings a new lens through which to look at people and to understand why they react to situations in a certain way, what they need from work relationships to perform at their best, and how they might be better motivated. Neuroscience for Organizational Change not only provides evidence that will persuade the most sceptical of leaders but also provides many practical examples of how to apply the insights. The book provides a 'win-win': it will enable the organization to improve performance and also help to support the mental and emotional well-being of employees. Amongst other areas, Neuroscience for Organizational Change explores why we find organizational change difficult and what we can do to keep people focused and performing at their best. It looks at our need for social connection at work, the essential role that leaders and managers play, how best to manage emotions and reduce bias to avoid making flawed decisions, and why we need communication, involvement and storytelling to help us through change. It also sets out a new science-based planning tool, SPACES, to enhance motivation"--
The 10 principles of open business : building success in today's open economy
Fundamentals of a New Era ́s Responsive Education Institute : Case X Institute
Rethinking organizational change : the role of dialogue, dialectic & polyphony in the organization
Boundary-spanning in organizations : network, influence, and conflict
That's not how we do it here : a story about how organizations rise and fall - and can rise again
Managing change in organizations
Well-functioning IS are important for the administrators' effectiveness - and by that for the organization as a whole
Changing organizational culture : cultural change work in progress
Corporate entrepreneurship : innovation and strategy in large organizations
Software change management : case studies and practical advice
Organization Design provides a road map for the implementation of organization design, covering all areas including downsizing, outsourcing and re-structuring. Full of hints and tips, as well as a practical toolkit to take organization designers from start to finish, Organization Design outlines the basic theory, provides a step-by-step approach to implementing organization design, and provides solutions to the recurring challenges to be met along the way.
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of the psychology of leadership, change, and organizational development
The Fine Line Between Production House and Production Service: Implementation of Organizational Change – Case: Company X
Discursive practices in organizational change
The executive guide to corporate restructuring
Employee engagement & communication research : measurement, strategy & action
"Individual Adaptability to changes at work refers to an individual's response to new demands or ill defined problems created by uncertainty, complexity, mergers, and any rapid change in the work situation. Today, one of the key factors for individual's success is said to be adaptability. In the past two decades there has been increasing interest in the research on individual adaptability, and this is one of the first academic volumes to look at this important topic. Specific contexts that will be addressed include newcomer adaptation, team building and functioning, work-family conflict, retirement and career management. This edited book book will provide a comprehensive and integrated analysis of the conceptual, assessment and contextual issues that will help identify the current trends and emerging themes in adaptability research"--
"This book shows how the Appreciative Inquiry process helps OD and HR professionals tap into inspiring "high point" accounts of personal or collective capacity. This new edition puts the focus on how AI really works and adds guidelines on how to apply AI in a variety of organizational situations and for a variety of initiatives such as coaching, leadership development, strategic planning, and teambuilding. It contains tools and other resources to help with immediate use in the workplace and new and updated case studies that show how it really works."--
Strong managers, strong owners : corporate governance and strategy
The pricing journey : the organizational transformation toward pricing excellence
The healthy organization : a revolutionary approach to people and management
"The first of its kind--a Value Stream Mapping book written for those in service and office environments who need to streamline operationsValue Stream Mapping is a practical, how-to guide that helps decision-makers improve value stream efficiency in virtually any setting, including construction, energy, financial service, government, healthcare, R&D, retail, and technology. It gives you the tools to address a wider range of important VSM issues than any other such book, including the psychology of change, leadership, creating teams, building consensus, and charter development.Karen Martin is principal consultant for Karen Martin & Associates, LLC, instructor for the University of California, San Diego's Lean Enterprise program, and industry advisor to the University of San Diego's Industrial and Systems Engineering program. Mike Osterling provides support and leadership to manufacturing and non-manufacturing organizations on their Lean Transformation Journey. In a continuous improvement leadership role for six years, Mike played a key role in Square D Company's lean transformation in the 1990s"--
Almost 70% of mergers fail, yet deals are essential for growing world-class companies. Therefore they must use all the tools and techniques at their disposal to improve their chances of success.
Identities at work / narratives from a post-bureaucratic ICT organization
The dynamics of change in higher education : expansion and contraction in the organisational field
"Organization development is the systematic method of taking an objective look at how an organization is operating and gathering information, and then deciding on the most appropriate action to help that organization develop and improve. Written by two leading experts in the field, this updated second edition of Organization Development includes new coverage of complexity and chaos theory, new case studies describing OD practices and attitudes in countries outside of the U.S. and U.K., and new chapters on change and culture and employee engagement and wellbeing. The authors have also re-structured the book's format, creating greater cross-referencing between the HR and OD sections and an added emphasis on the collaborations between OD and HR functions. "--
Kill the company : end the status quo, start an innovation revolution
Change management in changing the organization structure of an IT-company
A guide for successful innovation planning. It is suitable for strategists, managers, designers, and researchers who undertake the challenge of innovation, despite a lack of established procedures and a high risk of failure.
Group coaching : a practical guide to optimising collective talent in any organization
This innovative text considers the personal qualities of successful entrepreneurs and the manner in which they do business. It demonstrates how these qualities can be replicated to form an organisational architecture that encourages entrepreneurship at all levels within a company.
Building an innovative organization culture : case insurance company X
Understand the theory and practice of AI, World Cafe, Open Space and other conversational approaches for facilitating organizational development (OD) with the new edition of this popular book.
Effecting change in large organizations
A guide to open innovation and crowdsourcing : expert tips and advice
Sales Process Analysis and Change Assessment for TKM TTT Finland Oy
Organizational change and strategy : an interlevel dynamics approach
Organizations change, usually driven by strategies, yet strategic management and organizational change are generally understood as separate domains in the business world. This book integrates the behavioural dynamics of learning, change and strategy at and across individual, team, interdepartmental, group and organizational levels. This new edition emphasizes what can be done in organizations to enable strategy to be effective and to help organizations to change and learn. Central to the book is a reflexive engagement approach through inviting the readers to apply concepts to their own organizational situations and via reflective exercises.
People and organisational development : a new agenda for organisational effectiveness
A manager's guide to virtual teams
"Value propositions are potential answers to each business performance issue. They are the going in assumptions about future research results. If uniquely proven true, the potential answers become conclusions that should fully address each issue. This book identifies key opportunities to provide value for the organization. It focuses analysis on necessary data collection efforts and provides direction and motivation for the improvement process. It details a method for continuous review of the improvement process and encourages timeliness through digital-setting and milestones"--
Vocational teachers' professional agency in the stream of change
Competing values leadership
Managing creativity : the innovative research library
Transformation of organizational structures in a multinational enterprise : the case of an enterprise resource planning system utilization
How to better implement change on an operational level
101 design methods : a structured approach for driving innovation in your organization
The role of institutions in organizational change : a sensemaking perspective
Cognition and strategy
Teacher educators amid conflicting demands : tensions between individual and organizational development
Being quantum : ontological storytelling in the age of antenarrative
Managerial experiences related to corporate demerger
Leadership agility : five levels of mastery for anticipating and initiating change
Institutional theory and organizational change
Agile by design : an implementation guide to analytic lifecycle management
Exploring strategic change
Managing the change of organizational culture in cross-border mergers and acquisitions : the role of post-acquisition integration in organizational culture change
Summary. - Samenvatting.
The handbook of project-based management : leading strategic change in organizations
Designing the transformation from a boiler supplier into a solution seller
The Routledge companion to organizational change
Making social technologies work : leveraging the power and managing perils of social technologies in business
This book deals with the development and transformation of the part of the educational system that has been called the non-university higher education sector, the polytechnic sector, and the college sector. In most Western European countries, higher education has to an increasing extent developed outside universities, partly through the establishment of new institutions, and partly through the up-grading of professional and vocational schools into higher education colleges. Yet, there is a shortage of in-depth studies on the changes that have taken place in this part of the educational system, and on the processes that have driven this development. This book gives an overview of the stepwise transformation of higher education systems. It uses Norway as a national case for in-depth analyses, and then compares this with parallel developments in Western Europe. The development is discussed within the frames of three phases: fragmented expansion, horizontal integration, and vertical integration.
Black box thinkers see failure as the very best way to learn. They interrogate their errors as part of their future strategy for success. Using case studies, interviews and practical takeaways, Matthew Syed explains how to turn failure into success.
Added value of intangibles for organizational innovation
Philosophies of organizational change
The open organization : a new era of leadership and organizational development
Essentials of organizational behavior
Staying well in changing world of work
Agile change management : a practical framework for successful change planning and implementation
Organizing academic work in higher education : teaching, learning and identities
Library models in academic libraries : comparative case study: University of Cambridge and Anglia Ruskin University
Learning enablers, learning outcomes, learning paths, and their relationships in organizational learning and change
Understanding organizational change
The dream society : how the coming shift from information to imagination will transform your business
Value stream mapping : how to visualize work and align leadership for organizational transformation
The road to reinvention : how to drive disruption and accelerate transformation
A guide for new executives that explores how to create an overarching, enterprise-wide transformative program. The book provides a best-practice checklist for 8 core areas: Strategy Setting, Technology Alignment, Business Renovation, Project Management, Communications Renewal, Employee Engagement, Staff Transformation, and Organizational Design.
Office kaizen : transforming office operations into a strategic competitive advantage
The role of customer perspective in organizational renewal : a comparative case study of knowledge-intensive business services
How performance management is killing performance and what to do about it : rethink, redesign, reboot
Holacracy : the revolutionary management system that abolishes hierarchy
In recent years the continuity of many firms has been achieved by restructuring, a task which takes up a great deal of senior management's time. Written for busy managers and executives, this book is a practical guide to the process of restructuring, covering both debt and operational restructures.
Systems approaches to managing change : a practical guide
Making change irresistible : overcoming resistance to change in your organization
Social innovation : solutions for a sustainable future
Active participation of staff and management as a key question in organisational change
The main objective of this research-based thesis was to understand how well employ-ees were supported and managed during their role as part of a major change initiative, and how this has influenced their engagement to the case organization. Two theories were drawn upon to support the empirical study and they provided the foundation for the theoretical framework. Change Management served as the primary theory, and Employee Engagement was selected as the secondary theory due to its influence on, and relationship with the successful implementation, management and integration of organizational change. The theoretical framework was further supported with recent reports published by leading practitioners in the human resources community. The empirical study targeted personnel working directly on the change project in a number of project teams spread out across the globe, in addition to personnel who were working independently as the person in charge (PIC) in specific areas of the pro-ject. The research design comprised of a quantitative and qualitative web-based survey questionnaire, administered on November 25th, 2013. The key findings of the survey revealed that overall the change project had been effec-tively managed and supported at all levels of the organization from the perspective of the project team members. A generally positive response to questions surrounding engagement led me to believe the case organization is successfully ensuring that person-nel feel valued and involved in their current roles. The main development suggestions for the case company based on the results of the survey propose the following:  - improvement of the effectiveness and timeliness of communication  - further development of personnel through change management training  - additional clarity with the realignment of goals and objectives  - ensuring personnel are able to balance their full workload.
Organizational culture in action : a cultural analysis workbook
Intelligent M&A : navigating the mergers and acquisitions minefield
An evolving paradigm : integrative perspectives on organizational development, change, strategic management, and ethics
Cyber security culture : counteracting cyber threats through organizational learning and training
The key : how corporations succeed by solving the world's toughest problems
Ten steps to ITSM success : a practitioner's guide to enterprise IT transformation
Positive psychology and change: how leadership, collaboration and appreciative inquiry create transformational results
Change management efficiency in global operations : case: Company X
"Sociology, Work and Industry has been restructured and updated throughout. It includes a newly written opening chapter which, in addition to explaining the distinctiveness of the sociological perspective, provides guidance on researching and analysing work practices and institutions. It will be essential reading for anybody studying the sociology of work, work organisations and industry."--BOOK JACKET.
The Development of Information Transferring Processes : For managing the machine’s specification and engineering changes
Appreciative inquiry : a positive revolution in change
Sociology, work, and industry
Diagnosing and changing organizational culture : based on the competing values framework
Organizational change and global standardization : solutions to standards and norms overwhelming organizations
The theory and practice of change management
Quantum leadership : building better partnerships for sustainable health
"In the past two decades there has been increasing interest in the research on individual adapta-bility, and this is one of the first academic volumes to look at this important topic. Specific con-texts examined include work-family conflict, retirement, career management and intercultural interaction at the workplace. The book will provide a comprehensive and integrated analysis of the conceptual, assessment and contextual issues that will help identify the current trends and emerging themes in adaptability research. "--
Organization development : accelerating learning and transformation
The Effect of Formal Change Management Communication to Resistance to Change : the Case of a New Faculty
Budgeting and forecasting application development : an evaluation
The hedgehog effect : executive coaching and the secrets of building high performance teams
From governing to governance : a process of change
Making sense of change management : a complete guide to the models, tools and techniques of organizational change
Communication as change management vehicle : how to improve change receptivity with organisational communications
A critical area of competitive advantage is the ability of organisations to lead rather than follow changes in the market. This book brings together all the different roles and functions within an organisation that a leader has to manage effectively to ensure successful and sustainable organisational change
Global tilt : leading your business through the great economic power shift
The concept of agile working has been adopted by many organizations that recognise the need to respond quickly and easily to new opportunities and be fit for purpose in a world of complex and continuous change. This book offers tools to ensure your change initiative is embedded, adopted and delivers benefits throughout the organization.
The great fragmentation and why the future of business is small
How to make strategy work for you : self-assessment work book for SME's : 36 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separetes the successful from the average
