http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25094 sound quality
sound quality audio quality
Generative sound design : complexity, realness, and quality : including study cases of an interactive 3D environment sound research and a generative sound installation
Sound systems : design and optimization : modern techniques and tools for sound system design and alignment
Functional modeling of hearing for assessment of spatial sound reproduction
Methods and studies of laryngeal voice quality analysis in speech production
NMR- Laboratory, introduction with a Time Lapse and Tilt-shift video
Development and evaluation of artificial bandwidth extension methods for narrowband telephone speech
Perceptual analysis of speech quality in mobile communications
Basic mixing techniques
Don't let your indie film be sabotaged by bad sound! One of the weakest technical aspects of a low or no budget short or feature film is usually the sound, and in Sound Design for Low and No Budget Films, author Patrick Winters explains what filmmakers need to do to fix that. Learn how to improve the sound quality of your low budget film with specific tools and practices for achieving a better sound track, including detailed, step-by-step explanations of how to edit your production track, create a sound design, record and edit ADR, Foley and sound effects, music, and much more. Focusing on the essential details indie filmmakers need to know, Winters teaches you how to turn a thin and distracting sound track into one that makes your film shine.
Handbook of voice assessments
Sound design for low and no budget films
This hands-on, practical guide covers all aspects of recording, perfect for beginning and intermediate recording engineers, producers, musicians, and audio enthusiasts. Filled with tips and shortcuts, this book gives advice on equipping a home studio (both low-budget and advanced), suggestions for set-up, acoustics, choosing monitors.
Practical analysis of voice quality problems of Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP).
Modern guitar rigs : the tone fanatic's guide to integrating amps and effects
Assessment of voice among emerging high-risk population groups : with special emphasis on kindergarten teachers, children with laryngeal reconstruction, and workers exposed to organic dust
Is your voice telling on you? : how to find and use your natural voice
Getting great sounds : the microphone book
Perceived quality evaluation : an application to sound reproduction over headphones
Perceptual audio evaluation : theory, method and application
Methods in empirical prosody research
Practical recording techniques : the step-by-step approach to professional audio recording
Development and evaluation of artificial bandwith extension methods for narrowband telephone speech
Sound Systems: Design and Optimization provides an accessible and unique perspective on the behavior of sound systems in the practical world. The third edition reflects current trends in the audio field thereby providing readers with the newest methodologies and techniques. In this greatly expanded new edition, you'll find clearer explanations, a more streamlined organization, increased coverage of current technologies and comprehensive case studies of the author's award-winning work in the field. As the only book devoted exclusively to modern tools and techniques in this emerging field, Sound Systems: Design and Optimization provides the specialized guidance needed to perfect your design skills.
