http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25016 augmented reality
augmented reality
Lost or not? : designing and evaluating user interfaces of mobile map services : the viewpoint of supporting users' location awareness
Unfolding media studies : working papers 2010
Artificial motion synthesis : using Kinect sensor and Aireal Haptic feedpack system
Prototyping augmented reality
Designing an augmented reality application on the iOS
Joint VR Conference of euroVR and EGVE, 2011 : current and future perspectives of virtual reality, augmented reality and mixed reality : industrial and poster track, 20-21st September, 2011 Nottingham, UK
Helsinki Freezing interactive installation : b-girl's point of view
Mobile Augmented Reality Supporting Marketing Strategies : using mobile's augmented reality-based marketing applications to promote products and services to end customers
Developing augmented reality solutions through user involvement
Watch dogs : PS3
Travel connections : tourism, technology, and togetherness in a mobile world
This volume constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Virtual, Augmented and Mixed Reality, VAMR 2015, held as part of the 17th International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction, HCI 2015, held in Los Angeles, CA, USA, in August 2015. The total of 1462 papers and 246 posters presented at the HCII 2015 conferences was carefully reviewed and selected from 4843 submissions. These papers address the latest research and development efforts and highlight the human aspects of design and use of computing systems. The papers thoroughly cover the entire field of human-computer interaction, addressing major advances in knowledge and effective use of computers in a variety of application areas. The 54 papers included in this volume are organized in the following topical sections: user experience in virtual and augmented environments; developing virtual and augmented environments; agents and robots in virtual environments; VR for learning and training; VR in Health and Culture; industrial and military applications.
The Service is an internet-like system biologically hardwired into a person's brain. Most consider it essential to modern human life, but for Peter Chardin The Service is the source of a special type of anxiety. His own free will feels like an illusion, dictated by the algorithms of the program
Integration of gyro navigation and augmented reality in visual tracking of a mining loader
My avatar, my self : identity in video role-playing games
Human factors in augmented reality environments
Depth perception of augmented and natural scenes through stereoscopic systems
Indoor localization solutions for a marine industry augmented reality tool
Handbook of augmented reality
Augmented reality
Professional augmented reality browsers for smartphones: programming for Junaio, Layar, and Wikitude
Online a lot of the time : ritual, fetish, sign
Sonic virtuality : sound as emergent perception
Developing an augmented reality environment to encourage physical exercise
Watch dogs : Xbox One
Human-experiential design of presence in everyday blended reality : living in the here and now
Augmented Reality
Practical augmented reality : a guide to the technologies, applications, and human factors for Ar and Vr
Pokémon Go! : the ultimate unauthorized guide
Make way for the superhumans : How the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
Toward useful services for elderly and people with disabilities : 9th International Conference on Smart Homes and Health Telematics, ICOST 2011, Montreal, Canada, June 20-22, 2011 : proceedings
Enhancing tourism with augmented and virtual reality
Computer games and digital cultures, conference proceedings : proceedings of the Computer games and digital cultures conference June 6-8, 2002, Tampere, Finland
Understanding augmented reality : concepts and applications
Advances in augmented reality technologies
Theory and applications of marker-based augmented reality
Watch dogs : PS4
Watch dogs : Xbox 360
Applying augemented reality to outdoors industrial use
Spatial augmented reality : merging real and virtual worlds
Creating and evaluating embodied interactive experiences : case studies of full-body, sonic and tactile enaction
Emerging technologies of augmented reality : interfaces and design
Explaining users' critical incidents of physical mobile interactions
Augmented education : bringing real and virtual learning together
Pojo's unofficial ultimate guide to Pokémon GO : how to catch 'em all!
Problems analysis and solutions for the establishment of augmented reality technology in maintenance and education
"This book provides a good grounding of the main concepts and terminology for Augmented Reality (AR), with an emphasis on practical AR techniques (from tracking-algorithms to design principles for AR interfaces). The targeted audience is computer-literate readers who wish to gain an initial understanding of this exciting and emerging technology"--Provided by publisher.
Watch dogs 2 : Xbox One
OfxPiMapper : projection mapping tool for the Raspberry Pi
Watch dogs : PlayStation 4
User expectations and experiences of mobileaugmented reality services
Pokémon, gotta catch 'em all! : official guide to legendary and mythical Pokémon
Fundamentals of wearable computers and augmented reality
Shares facts on over seven hundred Pokemon and includes information on the new Kalos characters and the Mega Evolved Pokemon.
Narrative as virtual reality 2 : revisiting immersion and interactivity in literature and electronic media
The top technologies every librarian needs to know
Old age brings several physical and cognitive challenges for elderly people, which complicates the utilization of modern information and communication technology (ICT) for daily task assistance and for caretakers and family support. One factor hindering the adoption of ICT is that most existing user interfaces (UIs) require prior knowledge of use metaphors that many elderly people cannot learn to master. Research on developing assistive technology exists, such as phones for the elderly, but these often have UIs that require prior knowledge and use experience. Recent research has introduced Ambient Assisted Living (AAL) concepts for users' homes, for example projecting guidance into the environment. However, only a few empirical studies have attempted to define the type of projection-based UIs that would be intuitive for the elderly, and the system design processes that would help in developing such AAL have not been researched thoroughly.This work presents three design iterations and their empirical evaluations. From these, a body of knowledge was produced for designing and developing AALs with projected Augmented Reality (AR) UIs. The first iteration had a sentence-building UI implemented for a wearable Projector-Camera (ProCam) system, which had limits in technical suitability for the elderly. The second iteration changed the use metaphor to a simple icon-based menu, and produced a requirement guideline for UIs in AAL. In the final iteration, the wearable was replaced with a fixed ProCam, allowing the elderly to make menu selections effectively. This iteration supported sequential tasks, such as taking medicine, with visual guides. The suitability of the new UI was tested with computer literate young adults and elderly users, many of the latter having memory and motor skill limitations. The comparison showed that the two groups performed similarly; however, the eld erly needed a slower and more direct interaction technique adapted to their preferences in the UI. Assistance for the sequential tasks was found feasible.This work produced a set of UI-related and technical factors that AAL designers should take into account when developing projector-based AR systems for the elderly with memory problems. In addition, this work offers suggestions on how to conduct UI testing sessions with this user group to reduce the amount of work and improve the success of the iterative development process.
"Chapter 1 introduces the idea that augmented reality (AR) is a medium. Although it is a medium, there is technology that is required to carry it out. In much the same way that technology is required for other media, like movies, AR also utilizes technology to carry out the ideas represented in the medium. It is important to learn about the medium first and foremost and then the technology. A movie producer must understand the medium and its affordances, how it can be used to tell a story, etc. in order to create a compelling movie. Simply learning about cameras and projectors does not enable one to make great movies. The same is true with augmented reality. Simply learning about the technology does not enable an AR producer to create compelling AR applications. Chapter 1 also provides a history of augmented reality, compares and situates augmented reality with related media an technologies, and defines some key terms related to augmented reality, including the definition for augmented reality that is used throughout the book"--
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Designing projected user interfaces as assistive technology for the elderly
Building the future : digital strategies for the construction society
Infinite possibility : creating customer value on the digital frontier
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2013 : proceedings of the International Conference in Innsbruck, Austria, January 22-25, 2013
Watch dogs : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Real-time image-based RGB-D camera motion tracking and environment mapping
The unofficial Pokémon Go field guide : by Ivy St. Ive
#0000FF is the new #000000 : conceptual and site-specific mixed reality media art exhibition project
The fundamentals of interactive design
This book summarizes almost 50 years of research and development in the field of Augmented Reality (AR). From early research in the 1960's until widespread availability by the 2010's there has been steady progress towards the goal of being able to seamlessly combine real and virtual worlds. The book provides an overview of the common definitions of AR, and shows how AR fits into taxonomies of other related technologies. A history of important milestones in Augmented Reality is followed by sections on the key enabling technologies of tracking, display and input devices. There is also a review design guidelines and some examples of successful AR applications. Finally, it concludes with a summary of directions for future work and a review of some of the areas that are currently being researched.
Bit bang III : entrepreneurship and services
The commissioner of this thesis is a company called CubiCasa. The reason for this thesis was the interest of CubiCasa on 3 different segments. The segments were AR/VR, home decoration and real estate business. The commissioner wanted to find out if it is profitable for the company to go and target these different segments. On these segments they also defined 4 different companies: InsiteVR, Augmented Pixels, CoContest and Zillow. Of these companies they wanted more information and if they should go and sell their products to them. Most of the used material were from the internet sources. Theory part of this thesis were gathered from books. Most of the segments were found to not be profitable for CubiCasa to sell their products to at this time. The company operating in real estate business, Zillow, is the most relevant ones from these companies and segments because of the technology of CubiCasa and their production process. But even in the case of Zillow CubiCasa still have to wait until they have managed to create an almost fully automated production process on the floor plans.
Make way for the superhumans : how the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
Proceedings of the ARea 14 workshop on interaction and user experience design for future mixed reality spaces
Make Way For The Superhumans
Pokemon deluxe essential handbook : the need-to-know stats and facts on over 700 Pokemon
Augmented reality : principles and practice
"This book examines the relationships between virtual and non-virtual identity in visual role-playing games. It shows dynamic, varying and complex relationships between the virtual avatar and the player's sense of self and makes recommendations of terminology for future identity researchers. Features 15 photographs of videogame screens, and an appendix of sample videogame transcription data"--Provided by publisher.
Researching segments of interest for CubiCasa
Augmented reality : an emerging technologies guide to AR
Virtual, augmented and mixed reality : 7th International Conference, VAMR 2015, held as part of HCI International 2015, Los Angeles, CA, USA, August 2-7, 2015, Proceedings
Marketing campaign using augmented reality : case Finn Spring Oy
Applying urban planning and design principles into the design of mobile multimodal navigation aids
A survey of augmented reality
Augmented reality based user interface for mobile applications and services
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Watch dogs 2 :  PlayStation 4
