http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25017 coaching (education)
coaching (education)
The winning helix : the art of learning and manifesting your true potential
Coaching and learning in schools : a practical guide
Engage : the trainer's guide to learning styles
The knowledge base about mentoring and coaching in education has grown considerably worldwide in the last decade. The very many definitions of mentoring and coaching demand an evidence base to assist with understanding the convergence and distinctions between these concepts, and with situating them in relation to learning. This Handbook is a leading source of ideas and information. It covers national and international research on schools, higher education, and disciplines within and beyond education. The editors draw together contributions and present evidence bases and alternative worldviews in which concepts are both untangled and substantiated. Unique in its coverage, this handbook maps current knowledge and understanding, values and skills underpinning educational mentoring and coaching for learning. Contributors who are leading scholars and practitioners address issues of theory and practice in school, higher education, and other educational contexts, and they set out practical applications of coaching and mentoring for practitioners and researchers.
Teaching sport and physical activity : insights on the road to excellence
An imagery intervention for highly skilled judo athletes
A new kind of trainer : how to develop the training role for people with learning disabilities
The elements of learning
Digital media in blended coaching : interaction and distance presence in adult education
Values and ethics in coaching
The SAGE handbook of mentoring and coaching in education
The Psychology of Coaching, Mentoring and Learning addresses the psychological principles upon which organizational and industrial coaching and mentoring is based. The new edition of this text is updatd with new research, taking into account the growth of positive psychology and its role in coaching and mentoring.
Transformative coaching : a learning theory for practice
The Sage handbook of mentoring and coaching in education
Choosing your new home : help for people with learning disability
The team coach's best tools
The psychology of coaching, mentoring and learning
Learning at work : excellent practice from best theory
Social and occupational integration of disadvantaged people
Writing training materials that work : how to train anyone to do anything. A practical guide for trainers based on current cognitive psychology and ID theory and research
Exploring the customer experience for 4DSwing golf coaching technology
School counseling for the twenty-first century
Coaching and mentoring in higher education : a learning-centred approach
