http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25071 audiobooks
audiobooks
One b1g thing : discovering what you were born to do
The invisible girls : a memoir
Murder on the Orient Express
Sing you home
The iron trial
Shadow's claim
When Hazel Nash was six years old, her father taught her: mysteries need to be solved. He should know. Hazel's father is Jack Nash, the host of America's favorite conspiracy TV show, The House of Secrets. After an accident leaves her with no memory, Hazel Nash must put together the pieces of her past and present to find the truth about her father and his connection to a corpse found with a book found in his chest.
Anatomy of the spirit : the seven stages of power and healing
The night circus : a novel
This morning I met a whale
Last night at the viper room : River Phoenix and the Hollywood he left behind
The Jerusalem syndrome : my life as a reluctant messiah
Five fall into adventure : Five get into trouble
Attitude 101 : what every leader needs to know
The House of Secrets
The adventurous snail ; The golden goose
Jackdaw summer
A curious mind : the secret to a bigger life
Disrupt you! : master personal transformation, seize opportunity, and thrive in the era of endless innovation
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar--your brain's silent killers
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
"In today's volatile business landscape, adaptability and creativity are more crucial than ever. It is no longer possible-or even desirable-to learn one set of job skills and to work your way up the ladder. At the same time, entrepreneurs with great ideas for new products or technologies that could change the world often struggle to capture the attention of venture capital firms and incubators; finding the funding necessary to launch a start-up can feel impossible. The business leaders of our future must anticipate change to create their own opportunities for personal satisfaction and professional success. In Disrupt You!, Jay Samit, a digital media expert who has launched, grown, and sold start-ups and Fortune 500 companies alike, describes the unique method he has used to invent new markets and expand established businesses.  Samit has been at the helm of businesses in the ecommerce, digital video, social media, mobile communications, and software industries, helping to navigate them through turbulent economic times and guide them through necessary transformation so that they stay ahead of the curve. In Disrupt You!, he reveals how specific strategies that help companies flourish can be applied at an individual level to help anyone can achieve success and lasting prosperity-without needing to raise funds from outside investors.  Incorporating stories from his own experience and anecdotes from other innovators and disruptive businesses-including Richard Branson, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, YouTube, Circ du Soleil, Odor Eaters, Iams, Silly Putty, and many more-Samit shows how personal transformation can reap entrepreneurial and professional rewards. Disrupt You! offers clear and empowering advice for anyone looking to break through; for anyone with a big idea but with no idea how to apply it; and for anyone worried about being made irrelevant in an era of technological transformation. This engaging, perspective-shifting book demystifies the mechanics of disruption for individuals and businesses alike"
A time to kill
Sense and sensibility
A year of miracles : daily devotions and reflections
'Here, on the edge of what we know, in contact with the ocean of the unknown, shines the mystery and the beauty of the world. And it's breathtaking'  These seven short, simple lessons guide us through the scientific revolution that shook physics in the twentieth century and still continues to shake us today. Theoretical physicist Carlo Rovelli, a founder of the loop quantum gravity theory. explains Einstein's theory of general relativity, quantum mechanics, black holes, the complex architecture of the universe, elementary particles, gravity, and the nature of the mind. In under eighty pages, readers will understand the most transformative scientific discoveries of the twentieth century and what they mean for us.
The gods of guilt
The industries of the future
Women, food, and desire : embrace your cravings, make peace with food, reclaim your body
Modern romance
The boy in the suitcase
The giraffe and the pelly and me : Esio trot
"According to USA Today, fifty percent of today's college students want to be an entrepreneur. And the jobless recovery of our recent recession and the realities of our always-changing world mean that everyone now needs to think like an innovator. Small startups are displacing hundred-year-old companies virtually overnight. The business landscape is more volatile--and full of possibility--than ever. A serial entrepreneur who has been at the forefront of global trends for over thirty years, Jay Samit spent his career studying the system successful disruptors employ to achieve greatness. In Disrupt Yourself, he distills that process into steps that can be practiced by anyone. Virgin, Apple, Microsoft, and eBay were all founded by disruptors who questioned their assumptions, designed their own life paths, found ideas that solved big problems, and then pivoted their energies to do it all over again. Samit shows how he made a career launching businesses, selling them, and then reinventing himself to do it again and in Disrupt Yourself, he shows how others can do it too. With the practical insight of Marshall Goldsmith and the no-holds-barred style of Tim Ferriss, digital innovator Jay Samit shows how all successful entrepreneurs and business leaders maximize opportunity, drive change, and achieve resilience. This groundbreaking book is an essential guide for those yearning for professional success in an unstable world"--
Mindfulness for beginners : reclaiming the present moment - and your life
Power play
The sleep revolution : transforming your life, one night at a time
The Midnight Palace
The black widow
With or without you
Five go off to camp : Five go to Billycock hill
And the ass saw the angel
Smarter faster better : the secrets of productivity in life and business
The picture of Dorian Gray
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Wrongful death
Jungle book
Five little ducks and other stories
Practicing the power of now : essential teachings, meditations, and exercises from The power of now
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
The adventures of Tom Sawyer
Are we smart enough to know how smart animals are?
Thomas ashley-farrand's healing mantras : Learn Sound Affirmations for Spiritual Growth, Creativity, and Healing
The power of now : a guide to spiritual enlightenment
Radical candor : how to be a kickass boss without losing your humanity
A mind to murder : an Adam Dalgliesh mystery
The violin of Auschwitz : a novel
Twin Trouble
Two little girls in blue
Stealing fire : How Silicon Valley, the Navy SEALs, and Maverick Scientists Are Revolutionizing the Way We Live and Work
Life strategies : doing what works, doing what matters
Beautiful chaos : a beautiful creatures novel
Trehan Daciano, known as the Prince of Shadows, has spent his like serving his people - striking in the night, quietly executing any threat to their realm. The coldly disciplined swordsman has never desired anything for himself - until he beholds Bettina, the sheltered ward of two of the Lore's most fearsome villains.
The nordic theory of everything : In Search of a Better Life
Danger in the sun
Officially dead
Diary of a Wimpy Kid. Hard luck
Seven brief lessons on physics
Tales from old Ireland
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
The drop
Shadow show : all-new stories in celebration of Ray Bradbury
H is for hawk
Nanny McPhee & the big bang
The spark : a mother's story of nurturing genius
Play all : A Bingewatcher's Notebook
Thanks for the feedback : the science and art of receiving feedback (even when it is off-base, unfair, poorly delivered, and frankly, you're not in the mood)
The mark of Athena
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
A few quick ones
The grapes of wrath
The organized mind : thinking straight in the age of information overload
The hitchhikers guide to the galaxy
Mansfield Park
Offers readers a how-to guide for harnessing the power of exponential technologies, moonshot thinking, and crowd-powered tools to create wealth while also positively impacting the lives of billions.
Mind whispering : a new map to freedom from self-defeating emotional habits
Black ice
The art of mindful living : how to bring love, compassion, and inner peace into your daily life
The scarlet letter
The three little wolves and the big bad pig
That's not how we do it here! : a story about how organizations rise and fall--and can rise again
How to train your dragon
The big fat surprise : why meat, butter, and cheese belong in a healthy diet
Maeve's times
Offers a behind-the-scenes view of Hamilton the musical, detailing the many dramatic episodes in Alexander Hamilton's life.
""If I could take what I've learned and make one menial job easier for you, or prevent you from having the kind of sex where you feel you must keep your sneakers on in case you want to run away during the act, then every misstep of mine was worthwhile. I'm already predicting my future shame at thinking I had anything to offer you, but also my future glory in having stopped you from trying an expensive juice cleanse or thinking that it was your fault when the person you are dating suddenly backs away, intimidated by the clarity of your personal mission here on earth. No, I am not a sexpert, a psychologist or a dietician. I am not a mother of three or the owner of a successful hosiery franchise. But I am a girl with a keen interest in having it all, and what follows are hopeful dispatches from the frontlines of that struggle."
Think and grow rich
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
The emperor and the nightingale
We should all be feminists
Happy birthday ; Hotel Vendome : compact disc collection
The Picture of Dorian Gray
The strange library
Deception point
The innovator's dilemma : when new technologies cause great firms to fail
Decisive : how to make better choices in life and work
The informant
The truth : an uncomfortable book about relationships
Maximum No Doubt : the unauthorised biography of No Doubt
The Blue Geranium & more stories... - 2 ka
Grumpy old women : (but still feeling eighteen inside) : the official handbook
The hunger games
The real crash : America's coming bankruptcy : how to save yourself and your country
The Rosie project : a novel
The hound of the Baskervilles
Hugless Douglas
The lost hero
Penric and the shaman : World of the Five Gods Series, Book 1.6
#AskGaryVee : one entrepreneur's take on leadership, social media & self-awareness
The New York trilogy
The Borgias : the hidden history
The husband list
Maximum Gwen Stefani : the unauthorised biography of Gwen Stefani
The railway stories. Volume 2
The son of Neptune
Full house
Invisible influence : the hidden forces that shape behavior
The Liar
The snowman : the book of the film
7 skills that will catapult your career
The 7 habits of highly effective people personal workbook
A good marriage
The forgotten
The magic sky
A high wind in Jamaica
How to be a pirate
The time of my life
Stay where you are & then leave
And the mountains echoed
Nourishing broth : an old-fashioned remedy for the modern world
The railway stories. Volume 3
The barefoot executive : the ultimate guide to being your own boss and achieving financial freedom
Empire of silver
Recounts how the author, an experienced falconer grieving the sudden death of her father, endeavored to train for the first time a dangerous goshawk predator as part of her personal recovery.
On the road
a Double dose of Horrid Henry
Bold : how to go big, achieve success, and impact the world
Predictably irrational : the hidden forces that shape our decisions
Essentialism : the disciplined pursuit of less
How we got to now : six innovations that made the modern world
Get your sh*t together : how to stop worrying about what you should do so you can finish what you need to do and start doing what you want to do
Torment
Nancy Clancy : super sleuth
The dark of the sun
Wuthering heights
Learn in your car German complete
The great Gatsby
From doon with death
Vampires in the lemon grove : stories
Hamilton : the revolution
Business adventures : twelve classic tales from the world of Wall Street
THE ENORMOUS CROCODILE
The lean startup : how today's entrepreneurs use continuous innovation to create radically successful businesses
The Spoken word : British writers
Not that kind of girl : a young woman tells you what she's "learned"
"What's the worst thing you can hear when you have a good idea at work? "That's not how we do it here!""--
"In his midtwenties, Dave Asprey was a successful Silicon Valley multimillionaire. He also weighed 300 pounds, despite the fact that he was doing what doctors recommended: eating 1,800 calories a day and working out 90 minutes a day, six times a week. When his excess fat started causing brain fog and food cravings sapped his energy and willpower, Asprey turned to the same hacking techniques that made his fortune to "hack" his own biology, investing more than $300,000 and 15 years to uncover what was hindering his energy, performance, appearance, and happiness. From private brain EEG facilities to remote monasteries in Tibet, through radioactive brain scans, blood chemistry work, nervous system testing, and more, he explored traditional and alternative technologies to reach his physical and mental prime. The result? The Bulletproof Diet, an anti-inflammatory program for hunger-free, rapid weight loss and peak performance. The Bulletproof Diet will challenge--and change--the way you think about weight loss and wellness. You will skip breakfast, stop counting calories, eat high levels of healthy saturated fat, work out and sleep less, and add smart supplements. In doing so, you'll gain energy, build lean muscle, and watch the pounds melt off. By ditching traditional "diet" thinking, Asprey went from being overweight and sick in his twenties to maintaining a 100-pound weight loss, increasing his IQ, and feeling better than ever in his forties. The Bulletproof Diet is your blueprint to a better life"--
Midsummer tights dream
Carry on, Jeeves
Learn Finnish. Level 2, absolute beginner. Volume 1
A short history of nearly everything
Includes previously unpublished writing by Jennifer Worth.
The beginner's goodbye : a novel
A brief history of time
The acclaimed comedian teams up with a New York University sociologist to explore the nature of modern relationships, evaluating how technology is shaping contemporary relationships and considering the differences between courtships of the past and present.
Predicts a worse crash if key economic changes cannot be made, arguing that American consumer habits are at the heart of today's problems and recommends that the nation declare bankruptcy and rebuild broken systems from scratch.
Miracle for Jen : a tragic accident, a mother's desperate prayer, and heaven's extraordinary answer
Something fresh
"What's the worst thing you can hear when you have a good idea at work? "That's not how we do it here!"  In their iconic bestseller Our Iceberg Is Melting, John Kotter and Holger Rathgeber used a simple fable about penguins to explain the process of lead&shy;ing people through major changes. Now, ten years later, they're back with another must-read story that will help any team or organization cope with their biggest challenges and turn them into exciting opportunities.  Once upon a time a clan of meerkats lived in the Kalahari, a region in southern Africa. After years of steady growth, a drought has sharply reduced the clan's resources, and deadly vulture attacks have increased. As things keep getting worse, the har&shy;mony of the clan is shattered. The executive team quarrels about possible solutions, and sugges&shy;tions from frontline workers face a soul-crushing response: "That's not how we do it here!"  So Nadia, a bright and adventurous meerkat, hits the road in search of new ideas to help her trou&shy;bled clan. She discovers a much smaller group that operates very differently, with much more teamwork and agility. These meerkats have developed innova&shy;tive solutions to find food and evade the vultures. But not everything in this small clan is as perfect as it seems at first.  Can Nadia figure out how to combine the best of both worlds--a large, disciplined, well-managed clan and a small, informal, inspiring clan--before it's too late?   This book distills Kotter's decades of experi&shy;ence and award-winning research to reveal why organizations rise and fall, and how they can rise again in the face of adversity"--
The Paris mysteries
Killing Kennedy : the end of Camelot
Five go down to the sea
Unthinking : the surprising forces behind why we buy
Learn in your car French complete language course
The prince
The big leap : conquer your hidden fear and take life to the next level
Black & blue
In pursuit of silence : listening for meaning in a world of noise
Start with why : how great leaders inspire everyone to take action
The secret of the desert stone
Norse mythology
The storyteller
How to win friends and influence people
Letters to the midwife : correpondence with the author of Call the midwife
The animal fair and other stories
The bulletproof diet : lose up to a pound a day, reclaim energy and focus, and upgrade your life
Guns, germs, and steel : the fates of human societies
The Kalevala
Alice in Wonderland : Retro audio
Restless : because you were made for more
How to stop worrying and start living
The princess diaries. [10], Ten out of ten
The dream of reason : a history of philosophy from the greeks to the renaissance
Voice acting for dummies
The House on Willow Street
The 4-hour work week
Withering Tights
What are you hungry for? : the Chopra solution to permanent weight loss, well-being, and lightness of soul
A girl named summer
Heart of darkness
How we learn : the surprising truth about when, where, and why it happens
Harvesting the heart
The nursery rhyme songbook
Catching fire
The finkler question
Killing Jesus : a history
Dream dark : a beautiful creatures story
An introduction to... Wagner : Tristan und Isolde
The jewel and her lapidary
The Pain and the Great One : soupy saturdays
Objectivism : the philosophy of Ayn Rand
Fortunate son : my life, my music
The cat who wanted to go home
Five go adventuring again
Battle Ready : memoir of a SEAL warrior medic
