http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25013 image reproduction
image reproduction
Deus ex machina : the audio production for Adel Abidin's "Blueprint"
iPod : the missing manual
Incredible iPhone apps for dummies
Audio postproduction for digital video
DJing for dummies
The infinite line : re-making art after modernism / Briony Fer
Instrumental innovators. Episode 6, Kustom Amplification
Ipod And Itunes
The iPhone book : how to do the most important, useful & fun stuff with your iPhone
Gramophone, film, typewriter
Sonic persuasion : reading sound in the recorded age
The sound handbook
The repeating image : multiples in French painting from David to Matisse
DJ Skills : the essential guide to mixing and scratching
Bruce Nauman : 17.10.1998 - 24.1.1999 : in English / Kaija Kaitavuori...[et al.]
Production sound mixing : the art and craft of sound recording for the moving image
iPod & iTunes for dummies
Thought patterns and emergence of reality
Summaries (s. 299-309).
Troubleshooting & repairing audio & video cassette players & recorders
Viivan kulku = The way of the line / Hannu Castrén
iPod and iTunes for dummies
iPod touch for dummies
Audio for single camera operation
My iPod touch : [covers iOS4 and iPod touch, 4th gen]
Ibidem. Master's thesis booklet 1
Beyond Dolby (stereo) : cinema in the digital sound age
This thesis aims at finding out what the important and meaningful communicational factors are in sales packages when a consumer is making buying decisions? The study concentrates in the stereo headsets sales packages. A sales package has been recognized to be a powerful way to communicate and contact the customer and it has become a significant tool for marketing communication. Growing amount of self-service based sales points has increased the sales package`s communicational value. The theory part contains an overview of packaging development discussing the phases in a typical sales package project as well as the description of objectives and decisions in different phases. Also the communicational elements of a sales package, such as package style, colors, images and package and brand are dealt with in general terms. The research part contains detailed evaluation of four different brands stereo headphones sales packages and findings from consumer interviews. Based on observations from interviews and evaluations of existing sales packages ideas how to develop and improve the sales package communication of stereo headphones are suggested to Nokia Accessories.
Fonografi e grammofoni = Phonographs and gramophones
Cinesonica : sounding film and video
Communicational elements in stereo headphones sales packages
Design principles : basics creative photography 01
Kuvan jälkeen : [kokoelmat : Nykytaiteen museo Kiasma, 11.1.2008- 11.1.2009] = Image and after : [collection : Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma, Helsinki, 11.1.2008- 11.1.2009] / [toimittaja = editor: Eija Aarnio ; toimituskunta = editorial staff: Leevi Haapala, Inkamaija Iitiä, Alina Mänttäri, Marja Sakari]
Instrumental innovators. The guitar tone collection
