http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2507 low-income people
low-income people
Sammandarg. - Abstract.
Rainbow Pie : A Memoir of Redneck America
Progress for the poor
Sammandrag. - English abstract.
Access to healthcare in times of crisis
Social and material deprivation among youth in Finland : causes consequences, and coping
Socially inclusive business : engaging the poor through market initiatives in Iberoamerica
Families and poverty : everyday life on a low income
Moving out of poverty. V. 2, Success from the bottom up
The working poor in Europe : employment, poverty and globalisation
Forget the poor : radio kinship and exploited labor in Zambia
Stigma and social welfare
Selling hope : state lotteries in America
Summary.
Broke, USA : from pawnshops to Poverty, Inc. : how the working poor became big business
The role of social assistance as means of social inclusion and activation : a comparative study on minimum income in seven Europe[a]n countries. Report 4, Activation policies in the context of social assistance
Essays on microcredit in rural Bangladesh
Housing reclaimed : sustainable homes for next to nothing
Both hands tied : welfare reform and the race to the bottom in the low-wage labor market
Evidence-based practice with women : toward effective social work practice with low-income women
Representing the advantaged : how politicians reinforce inequality
"Political inequality is a major issue in American politics, with racial minorities and low-income voters receiving less favorable representation. Scholars argue that this political inequality stems largely from differences in political participation and that if all citizens participated equally we would achieve political equality. Daniel M. Butler shows that this common view is incorrect"--
Hard work : life in low-pay Britain
Housing, the state and the poor : policy and practice in three Latin American cities
Making the work-based safety net work better : forward-looking policies to help low-income families
Economics of the 1% : how mainstream economics serves the rich, obscures reality and distorts policy
The missing class : portraits of the near poor in America
Trends on the relationship between low income and low expenditure in Finland 1966-2001
