http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25186 mobilisation therapy
mobilisation therapy
Thoroughly revised and updated throughout, Kisner & Colby's 6th Edition offers the most up-to-date exercise guidelines for individualizing interventions for those with movement disorders. Now with contributions from the leading experts in the field, it encompasses all of the principles of therapeutic exercise and manual therapy, including spinal surgery and spinal manipulation. This renowned manual remains the authoritative source for exercise instruction for the therapist and for patient self-management.
Manual mobilization of the joints : joint examination and basic treatment. Volume 3, Traction-manipulation of the extremities and spine : basic thrust techniques
"Fascial release for structural balance is a fully illustrated introductory guide to structural anatomy and fascial release therapy"--Provided by publisher.
Manual mobilization of the joints : joint examination and basic treatment. Volume 1, The extremities
Manual mobilization of the joints : the Kaltenborn Method of joint examination and treatment. Volume 2, The Spine
Starting again : early rehabilitation after traumatic brain injury or other severe brain lesion
Spine and joint articulation for manual therapists
Therapeutic exercise : foundations and techniques
Plerixafor in autologous stem cell transplantation
Fascia : the tensional network of the human body : the science and clinical applications in manual and movement therapy
Manual mobilization of the joints : joint examination and basic treatment. Volume 2, The spine
Manual therapy for musculoskeletal pain syndromes : an evidence- and clinical-informed approach
Fascial manipulation for musculoskeletal pain
Autologous stem cell transplantation in multiple myeloma
Fascial release for structural balance
Mobilisation with movement : the art and the science
"Fascial Release for Structural Balance" combines manual therapy skills with the exciting new field of structural therapy, which employs the unique and newly discovered properties of fascial tissues. Fascia, our biological fabric, plays a vital role in support, posture, and stability. Through informed assessment and manipulation of fascial patterns, you can help eradicate many of your clients' chronic strain patterns-for good. The book is designed for any bodywork practitioner using manual therapy. Physiotherapists, osteopaths, chiropractors, and massage therapists can help their current and future clients by giving them a structural analysis and creating a treatment strategy using the techniques included in this book. The authors bring together a unique introduction to fascially informed structural anatomy with a method for postural analysis and detailed and easily applied techniques.
