http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25187 situational awareness
situational awareness
Abstract.
Improving the performance of a dismounted Future Force Warrior by means of C4I2SR
Situation awareness in environmental monitoring : concepts, implementation, applications
Targeting situational awareness beyond the event horizon by means of sensor element munition
On the buses : the complete story
Students and studying in higher education in Finland
Diary of a wimpy kid. 3, The last straw
Visualization of multi-variable geographic information in situational pictures
The many faces of military studies : a search for fundamental questions
Anomaly-based online intrusion detection system as a sensor for cyber security situational awareness system
What the jackdaw saw
An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
Middle-schooler Greg Heffley nimbly sidesteps his father's attempts to change Greg's wimpy ways until his father threatens to send him to military school.
The dangerous journey : a tale of Moomin Valley
Distributed situation awareness : theory, measurement, and application to teamwork
What can a woman do with a camera? : photography for women
Maritime situational awareness and usability : operator's point of view
Designing pictorial symbols for situation pictures of international crisis management
Ensuring information availability in tactical networks
How do children construct, negotiate and organize space? The study of social space in any human group is fraught with limitations, and to these we must add the further limits involved in the study of childhood. Here specialists from archaeology, history, literature, architecture, didactics, museology and anthropology build a body of theoretical and methodological approaches about how space is articulated and organised around children and how this disposition affects the creation and maintenance of social identities. Children are considered as the main actors in historic dynamics of social change, from prehistory to the present day. Notions on space, childhood and the construction of both the individual and the group identity of children are considered as a prelude to papers that focus on analysing and identifying the spaces which contribute to the construction of children’s identity during their lives: the places they live, learn, socialize and play. A final section deals with these same aspects, but focuses on funerary contexts, in which children may lose their capacity to influence events, as it is adults who establish burial strategies and practices. In each case authors ask questions such as: how do adults construct spaces for children? How do children manage their own spaces? How do people (adults and children) build (invisible and/or physical) boundaries and spaces?
An Investigation into the Issues Facing Effective Employee Induction : The Case of New Employee Induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
The Feldenkrais method : teaching by handling
Designing for situation awareness : an approach to user-centered design
Customizing a maturity model for the evaluation of the development of shared situational awareness and the utilization of spatial information
Situational awareness for critical infrastructure protection
Black Books. Series 2
Life choices : understanding dilemmas and decisions
The film director prepares : a practical guide to directing for film & TV
Sensible fear : Finnish reactions to the threat of a nuclear accident in Sosnovyi Bor, Russia
Black books. Series 1.
Situation and threat assessment test bed, scenarios and simulation for information fusion development
Black books. Series 3.
Demands of situational awareness in a future war in Europe
Usability monitoring : extending quality of service monitoring for decision making
Abstract: An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit. The main objective of this study was to investigate what are the issues and possible problems that this one unit in a researched company is facing in their induction and how the employees themselves see the current situation of the induction.    The researched company unit felt that there was a need for a  concentrated induction process created especially for the employees of this particular unit. Before planning the new process, it would be essential to map the current situation  and define the issues that have to be taken into account when planning the induction.    This Bachelor's Thesis is therefore investigating what are the most important issues to take into consideration when it comes to new employee induction.    A critical review of the literature was carried out and an online questionnaire was administered to 53 employees who had joined the researched company unit within the past year.    The results revealed that there is no common process followed at the researched company unit. Furthermore, the findings illustrate that the issues that the company should take into account regarding the induction are the induction plan and the presence of the immediate supervisor on the newcomer's first day.
Situation awareness in clinical decision support system : case trauma team
Defining critical information requirements and quality in cooperative disasters management
Global catastrophic risks
Mr. Bean's holiday
Dry ice : a novel
Towards better situational awareness
From melancholy to humour
C4I2-tools for future battlefield warrior
Diary of a wimpy kid : the last straw
Situational awareness concept in a multinational collaboration environment : challenges in the information sharing framework
Children, Spaces and Identity
Tout à coup! = Suddenly!
A vulgar art : a new approach to stand-up comedy
Self-descriptions of socially phobic persons in short-term group psychotherapy
Gravity 3D
Black books. Series 2.
Combat ID from the point of view of a smaller country
Possibilities of improving situational awareness of the tank crew
Crisis management the Finnish way : a state of the art report on practice and research
A-Z of hell : Ross Kemp's how not to travel the world
Performing live with virtual musicians
Lapsiperheiden elämänhallintavalmiudet : perheohjauksen arviointi = Life control potential of families with small children, evaluation of family counselling
Critical infrastructure protection against cyber threats
Black Books. Series 1
Green wing. [1], The complete first season
Changing teachers, changing times : teachers' work and culture in the postmodern age
Challenges for co-operation in achieving maritime situation awareness (MSA) from the operator's perspective : lessons learned from MNE5 MSA experimentations
SHIFT : Shared information framework and technology : concept DRAFT version 0.5
Black Books. Series 3
