http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25160 expatriates
expatriates
The influence of organizational socialization on Finnish expatriates’ cross-cultural adjustment in Southeast Asia
Defining and developing the expatriate process in ABB Drives Finland
Comparison of expatriation and inpatriation assignments from employees' perspective : a case of United States Steel corporation
Human resource management practices for self-initiated expatriates
Abstract.
Important factors for expatriate success
"Hai que entenderse" (We have to understand one another) : fieldwork, migration and storytelling events
Teaching English abroad : your expert guide to teaching English around the world
Adjustment of western expatriates in China : the social capital perspective
Expatriates intercultural adjustment and the role of cross-cultural training : a case study of Finnish expatriates in China
Moving families : expatriation, stress and coping
The perils of highly skilled mobility : welfare, risk, and temporary migration from the Nordic region to India
Expatriate compensation : a total reward perspective
On becoming bicultural : language competence, acculturation and cross-cultural adjustment of expatriates in China
International human resource management
The challenges of establishing a global policy for short-term international assignments : the perspective of Finnish HR professionals
Explaining career agency through self-initiated repatriation : the Chilean example
Cultural intelligence of host country nationals and its effect on the cross cultural adjustment of expatriates
Training in developing nations : a handbook for expatriates
One hundred days
Cross-cultural challenges to expatriates in Finland
Global careerists' identity construction : a narrative study of repeat expatriates and international itinerants
The factors contributing to work/life conflicts and enrichment among Finnish global careerists
Challenges of adaptation to to working life in Turkey : the Finnish perspective
Abstract: The dissertation shows through empirical data that organizations should pay more attention to what expatriates really value in their employment relationship rather than give them more money.
Introduction to international human resource management
Cultural identity construction of Finnish professionals living in France
McCullough mixes famous and obscure names and delivers capsule biographies of everyone to produce a colorful parade of educated, Victorian-era American travelers and their life-changing experiences in Paris.
Few companies have the luxury of operating only in the domestic market nowadays. Therefore, expatriates are sent abroad to ensure that the business operates efficiently.  The objective of this research based thesis was to define and develop the expatriate process of ABB Drives Finland. The aim was to clarify each stage in a logical, written form as a process description, to map the possible pitfalls and to give recommendations based on them. Thus, the goal was to create standards for an optimal expatriate process for ABB Drives Finland. The theoretical framework of this thesis consists of several different topics related to the empirical part. These topics include theories of international human resource management as well as information linked to expatriate processes and globalization. The writer's aim was to create a solid theoretical framework of reference to support the empirical research. To better understand the current situation, a qualitative case study was carried out with a quantitative questionnaire as a basis for discussions. After interviewing the Global Mobility Manager responsible for the expatriate process, two focus group sessions were held. The focus groups consisted of 13 former expatriates. In addition, four former expatriates were interviewed separately. The findings were combined, analyzed and divided into subgroups according to the expatriate stages. As a result, the current expatriate process was defined and several development recommendations were formulated. A process description of an optimal expatriate process for ABB Drives Finland was completed with a mathematical formula that concretely demonstrates the direct savings the company would receive if the process was be optimal. The results will hopefully facilitate Human Resources and Global Mobility teams' constant struggle for extra resources. The improved process will ultimately increase wellbeing and productivity, creating both economic and psychological benefits.
"Focusing on the significance of travel in Joseph Conrad, E.M. Forster, D.H. Lawrence, Henry James and Edith Wharton, Robert Burden shows how travel enabled a new consciousness of mobility and borders during the modernist period. Burden argues that the greater awareness of cultural difference that characterizes both the travel writing and fiction of these expatriate writers became a defining feature of literary modernism that challenged the ethnographic project of empire"--
Includes statistics.
Experience of being a stranger : Visual project Ä & ы : dialogues
Work and family interface in international career context
Expatriate knowledge sharing, replacement and repatriation processes in linkage with the performance management : case Metso
The apartment in Rome
Contemporary Finnish emigrants : Finnish expatriate families in North America
Yhteenveto (Summary in Finnish)
Career decision making of self initiated expatriates (SIE) : past, present and future perspectives
Repatriate career management practices in Finnish multinational companies
How globally mobile "elites" experience distance : highly skilled Finns in Silicon Valley
Cultural considerations in leadership styles : the expatriate managers in Vietnam
Travel, modernism and modernity
Factors affecting expatriate performance
The differences between functional assignees and developmental assignees in terms of expatriation management practices and determinants of turnover intention
Expatriation and Cross Cultural Training
Cross-cultural adjustment of self-initiated dual-career expatriate spouses
The effectiveness of cross-cultural training programmes : an empirical study on Italian expatriates
Re-entry issues and challenges of Finnish repatriates : study of corporate expatriates, employees of the Ministry for Foreign Affairs, and employees of the defence forces
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to find out what challenges Finns face in adaptation to working life in Turkey. The objective of the thesis was to understand Turkish and Finnish cultures and by comparing them to find out possible challenges that a Finnish employee might face in Turkish working environment.  The theoretical section of this thesis includes a comparison of various cultural features according to Hofstede's dimensions and a comparison of Finland's and Turkey's working cultures according to Lewis' model. The information for the theoretical part was mostly based on literature of expatrium process and on cultural studies of Finland and Turkey. By utilizing these theories, the empirical part deals with practical examples that are based on the experiences of ten Finns who have moved to Turkey. In the theoretical part differences in hierarchical, collectivistic and in concept of time issues were found, which can be seen in the Finns' experienced challenges of adaptation. In Turkish and Finnish working life the approach is similar, but Finland's and Turkey's working cultures appreciate partly different features in subordinates.  The empirical part focuses on Finnish interviewees' experiences in Turkish working life. The purpose was to find out the challenges Finns have faced by comparing cultures and working life of these two countries. The empirical part is handled closely with the theoretical parts of this thesis so that they can easily be compared. Information for the empirical section was gathered through ten interviews of Finns who have several years of experience in working and living in Turkey. The interviewees confirmed that Turkish language, bureaucracy and a different concept of time were the most challenging aspects for a Finn in Turkish working environment. The interviewees told that their own attitude and understanding of the cultural differences helped them in the adaptation process. The conclusion part deals with the main themes of this research and presents some recommendations on studying the culture, familiarizing with local ideology, and learning the basics of the language.
Cross-cultural adjustment of expatriate spouses and the role of organizational support
Knowedge sharing from “East to West” through expatriates : a social capital perspective
Virtual fields : how to study a scattered migrant population online : the case of highly skilled Finns in European Union
The adjustment from Russia to Finland for corporate repatriates : how the repatriation experience influences readjustment in the workplace
French Expatriate Family Adjustment During the OL3-Project
Intercultural learning and competence : the learning process from pre-expatriation to post-repatriation
Cooperation on B-to-B level in intercultural settings : Expatriates’ experience in working with clients in Brazilian and Russian markets
Expatriates in Asia : breaking free from the colonial paradigm
Narratives of expatriates in the Middle East : adaptation, identity and learning in non-profit organizations
Readiness of Finnish companies to integrate foreign students : case study of Keski-Pohjanmaan Kirjapaino Oyj
Factors of Success of Female Expatriates During International Assignments
Self-initiated expatriation : individual, organizational, and national perspectives
Expatriate adjustment in Nigeria : the impact of human resource supporting practices
Barriers and success strategies for female expatriate managers : an examination of the Finnish expatriate context
Expatriate experience as part of the life and career of the expatriate : a cross-cultural adjustment and learning perspective
International human resource management /.
The sand men
Finnish female expatriates in the Arab Middle East : influences of cultural differences on behavior and interpersonal communication
Repatriates as knowledge transferors in MNCS
Impact of organisational practices and language on an international business cooperation : the case of a German-Slovakian corporation
Utilising the skills and knowledge of the expatriates of Vaasa : case study: Vaasa Region
Integrative practices for highly educated foreign employees : the division of roles and tasks in Finland
This is the inspiring and, until now, untold story of the adventurous American artists, writers, doctors, politicians, architects, and others of high aspiration who set off for Paris in the years between 1830 and 1900, ambitious to excel in their work. Most had never left home, never experienced a different culture. None had any guarantee of success. That they achieved so much for themselves and their country profoundly altered American history. Elizabeth Blackwell, the first female doctor in America; future abolitionist Charles Sumner; staunch friends James Fenimore Cooper and Samuel F. B. Morse (who saw something in France that gave him the idea for the telegraph); pianist Louis Moreau Gottschalk; medical student Oliver Wendell Holmes; writers Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nathaniel Hawthorne, Mark Twain, and Henry James; Harriet Beecher Stowe, seeking escape from the notoriety Uncle Tom's Cabin had brought her; sculptor Augustus Saint-Gaudens and painters Mary Cassatt and John Singer Sargent; and American ambassador Elihu Washburne, who bravely remained at his post through the Franco-Prussian War, the long Siege of Paris and even more atrocious nightmare of the Commune. His vivid account in his diary of the starvation and suffering endured by the people of Paris (drawn on here for the first time) is one readers will never forget. Nearly all of these Americans, whatever their troubles, spent many of the happiest days and nights of their lives in Paris.--From publisher description.
Managing cross-cultural communication : principles and practice
Acculturation of foreign IT workers in Japan from a cognitive and business management viewpoint
The greater journey : Americans in Paris
