http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25130 body awareness
body awareness
This scholarly work is the most comprehensive existing resource on human physical appearance-how people's outer physical characteristics and their inner perceptions and attitudes about their own appearance (body image) affect their lives. The encyclopedia's 117 full-length chapters are composed and edited by the world's experts from a range of disciplines-social, behavioral, and biomedical sciences. The extensive topical coverage in this valuable reference work includes: (1) Important theories, perspectives, and concepts for understanding body image and appearance; (2) Scientific measurement.
A correlative study of the relationship between body awareness and sitting posture of a group of office workers
Awareness through the body : a way to enchance concentration, relaxation and self-knowledge in children and adults
The theatre of the body : staging death and embodying life in early modern London
Ideokinesis : a creative approach to human movement & body alignment
Simple step-by-step Alexander technique : regain your natural poise and alleviate stress
The effects of an eight-week intervention on elderly people’s body awareness :  an intervention study on home-living 69-79-year-old individuals
People watching : social perceptual, and neurophysiological studies of body perception
Systematic review of the evidence of interoceptive awareness in performers
"Yoga is for everyone--not just the young and lithe! Because Anna Guest-Jelley understands what it's like trying to force yourself into poses that won't take and feeling short of breath, she created Curvy Yoga to embrace all shapes and sizes. She rolls out a welcoming introduction to the practice, along with personal stories of growth and body acceptance"--
The deepest sense : a cultural history of touch
Encyclopedia of body image and human appearance
The consuming body
Kids love to move and it is proven that children learn academic concepts better when those concepts are combined with music and movement. So Debby Mitchell created a book and DVD package that includes video clips that combine learning with music and movement. The DVD also includes reproducible assessments, lyrics, and posters that can be used in the classroom to facilitate learning.
Learning through movement and music : exercise your smarts
Un/knowing bodies
Curvy yoga : love yourself & your body a little more each day
The hyper(in)visible fat woman : weight and gender discourse in contemporary society
Tiivistelmä - Finnish abstract.
From the softest caress to the harshest blow, touch lies at the heart of our experience of the world. Now, for the first time, this deepest of senses is the subject of an extensive historical exploration. The Deepest Sense: A Cultural History of Touch fleshes out our understanding of the past with explorations of lived experiences of embodiment from the Middle Ages to modernity. This intimate and sensuous approach to history makes it possible to foreground the tactile foundations of Western culture - the ways in which feelings shaped society. Constance Classen explores a variety of tactile realms including the feel of the medieval city; the tactile appeal of relics; the social histories of pain, pleasure, and affection; the bonds of touch between humans and animals; the strenuous excitement of sports such as wrestling and jousting; and the sensuous attractions of consumer culture. She delves into a range of vital issues, from the uses - and prohibitions - of touch in social interaction to the disciplining of the body by the modern state, from the changing feel of the urban landscape to the technologization of touch in modernity. Through poignant descriptions of the healing power of a medieval king's hand or the grueling conditions of a nineteenth-century prison, we find that history, far from being a dry and lifeless subject, touches us to the quick
"In The Hyper(in)visible Fat Woman, Jeannine A. Gailey argues that women of size in North America occupy a paradoxical social position: as "fat" women they receive exceptional (critical) attention, while simultaneously their subjectivity--in terms of their own needs, desires, and lives--is erased. In this way their experience veers painfully between the hypervisible and the hyperinvisible. Gailey seeks to explore this apparent paradox through a multidimensional analysis of in-depth interviews with 74 women of size, focusing on subjects such as dieting, health, sex and dating, and identity with the women's experiences and voices at the forefront. In doing so Gailey highlights the ways some women are able to successfully subvert the dominant discourse. The resulting book fills a significant gap in the literature by emphasizing women's own experiences, and by developing a much-needed conceptual framework for analyzing marginalized bodies"--
Moving beyond posture in your body on the earth
Thermal, hormonal and cardiovascular responses to single and repeated nonhypothermic cold exposures in man
The pedagogy of recognition : dancing identity and mutuality
Kinesthetic empathy in creative and cultural practices
"Yoga is for everyone--not just the young and lithe! If your image of yoga consists of super-flexible bodies contorting themselves into pretzel-like positions, Anna Guest-Jelley offers a much-needed antidote. She understands what it's like trying to force yourself into poses that won't take and feeling short of breath. So she created Curvy Yoga, a worldwide phenomenon that embraces real bodies of all shapes and sizes. She rolls out a practical and welcoming introduction to the ancient practice, along with personal stories of growth, classes gone awry, clueless gurus, and the shocking fat-shaming that pervades the yoga scene. Photographs throughout make it easy to follow each pose"--
Yoga and body image : 25 personal stories about beauty, bravery & loving your body
What every musician needs to know about the body : the practical application of body mapping to making music
Mabel Elsworth Todd pioneered ideokinesis in the 1920s. Her book, The Thinking Body, described new ways to use all the senses as well as inner feeling and imagination to retrain the body to move with ease and balance. The system became an invaluable tool for generations of dancers, actors, and performance artists, thanks largely to one of its most important teachers, Andre Bernard (1924-2003). This book presents an introduction to the practice as well as a lengthy interview with Bernard and two meticulously detailed workshop protocols illustrated with 52 photographs and line drawings.
