http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25103 service needs
service needs needs for services
Information needs analysis : principles and practice in information organizations
Aimed at information and communication professionals, scholars and students, Google and the Digital Divide: The Biases of Online Knowledge provides insight into the significant role that search engines play in growing the digital divide between individuals, organizations, and states. With a specific focus on Google, author Elad Segev explains the concept of the digital divide and the effects that today's online environment has on knowledge bias, power, and control ... Segev compares the popular search queries in Google and Yahoo in the United States and other countries and analyzes the various biases in Google News and Google Earth. Google and the Digital Divide shows the many ways in which users manipulate Google's information across different countries, as well as dataset and classification systems, economic and political value indexes, specific search indexes, locality of use indexes, and much more. Segev presents new social and political perspectives to illustrate the challenges brought about by search engines, and explains the resultant political, communicative, commercial, and international implications.
Kela through a macroscope : application of multilevel service design framework in unemployment security services
Information culture and business performance
Towards service-dominant thinking in the Finnish forestry service market
Reframing the relationship between service design and operations : a service engineering approach
Designing a security intranet for company X
How libraries make tough choices in difficult times : purposeful abandonment
Incorporating cultural value into a service brand : strategic branding for ALV
Information needs of lawyers : a case study evaluating the information needs of lawyers in a major City law
The participation of informal caregivers and care quality in the hospital care of elderly patients aged 75 or older : a time series study in three care settings
Open ward services for the mentally handicapped in Turku and Turku region
Abstract.
Know it all, find it fast : an A-Z source guide for the enquiry desk
Rapid productisation process : managing an unexpected product increment
Information in 1985 : a forecasting study of information needs and resources
The training needs of service entrepreneurs in Pirkanmaa
Developing and investing in senior houses in Finland : senior's preferences and investors' insights
This thesis aims to identify the needs of multicultural guests in German business hotels. The discovery of current literature on multicultural issues and on personalized service and its consequences as well as an overview of the German incoming tourism focusing business tourism provides theoretical knowledge on the topic.  As the main aim of this thesis is to explore which products and services are needed at a German business hotel in order to satisfy a business traveller with a diverse cultural background, primary research in form of a questionnaire survey was applied. In order to narrow the target group of multicultural guests, the authors targeted the main Eastern incoming markets with the greatest percentages: the Chinese; people from the Gulf states; the Japanese; Indians and Russians.  As qualitative and quantitative methods are combined in form of interviews and questionnaires, this thesis is a survey research. E-mail questionnaires were sent to companies dealing with German companies located in the target countries of this research. For the interviews, e-mails with the questions conducted for the interview were sent to two international chain hotels located in Germany.  Primary research findings verified that culturally diverse guests have different needs regarding their culture and religion. Such needs can't be ignored in order to satisfy the business hotel guests. Therefore, the specific needs have been determined. The authors' primary and secondary findings are divided into the specific cultural needs of service, language, food and beverages, religion, basic equipment as well as of additional facilities.  The main findings were the overall preference of an adjustment to the guests' cultures. The importance of languages, especially, the need of fluent English speaking personnel as well as of information, newspaper and TV channels in the guests' mother tongues. The significance of respecting the different religions of the guests, especially, with regard to food and beverages as well as to praying possibilities. The interest in the traditional German cuisine and in international cuisine by most of the hotel guests, however, their religion should be always considered.  The thesis ends with a discussion of the primary findings with regard to the secondary research as well as with the authors' suggestions how a German business hotel could implement those findings. Finally, recommendations for further research are given.
How to have your cake and eat it too : an introduction to service design
Health and lifestyle : Icelanders' everyday life information behaviour
Competence foresight in local government services : final report
Assessing health need using the life cycle framework
Consumer behaviour
Exploring concepts of child well-being : implications for children's services
Research for universal health coverage
Information skills of young people : results of user needs analysis in the VERITY project
Rapid productization : empirical study on preconditions and challenges
Principles and practice of psychiatric rehabilitation : an empirical approach
Summary: Reciprocal development of the object and subject of learning.
Identifying and analyzing user needs : a complete handbook and ready-to-use assessment workbook with disk
The need for healthcare
Information needs in the humanities : an assessment
Public health skills : a practical guide for nurses & public health practitioners
Norph
Information needs in the social sciences : an assessment
Rethinking social risk in the Nordics
Situation analysis for FACES worker cooperative
Quality : from customer needs to customer satisfaction
Information seeking in context : proceedings of an International conference on research in information needs, seeking and use in different contexts, 14-16 August, 1996, Tampere, Finland
Rapid productization - empirical study on preconditions and challenges
More than just beer and sauerkraut : how German business hotels can adjust to the needs of their multicultural guests' needs
Finnish Customer Expectations in Senior Residences on Costa del Sol, Spain : Case: Villa Aurora Company
Children's and families' holiday experience
Information services today : an introduction
Step-by-step QFD : customer-driven product design
International outcome measures in mental health : quality of life, needs, service satisfaction, costs and impact on carers
Mass customization : the new frontier in business competition
Assessing information needs : tools and techniques
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2010 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2010 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2010
Library performance and service competition : developing strategic responses
Modified count data models with an application to demand for dental care
Case studies in human information behaviour in smart urban spaces
Use of service by people with intellectual disability : a multidisciplinary longitudinal study from 1962 to 1998 in Finland
China's outbound tourism has experienced tremendous growth in recent years. The fact that the Chinese outbound market is a very valuable market, not only because of its size, but also due to the shopping behavior of Chinese tourists, provides the background and rationale for this thesis.  Finland is still mainly seen as only a convenient gateway rather than a single destination for the Chinese tourists. Up to two thirds of the Chinese tourists that pass through Helsinki continue onwards to other destinations; the rest that stop in the city remain only a few nights.     The development of increasingly appealing travel products is the challenge that Helsinki faces today. The ultimate goal is to attract new Chinese tourists to Helsinki and Radisson SAS Seaside and keep the current ones satisfied enough to come back. In order for the products to be appealing, they must be adapted to the specific needs of Chinese tourists. This thesis aims to gain a better understanding of Chinese tourists, so that services and travel products could be adapted to their specific needs.     Radisson SAS Seaside hotel has noticed the demand. At the end of the study recommendations are given to the hotel on how it can better cater for the needs and expectations of its Chinese customers. Suggestions are given on: How can existing services be improved? How can new appealing travel products be built?    The theoretical background takes a look into the history, development and main characteristics of Chinese outbound tourism. The underlying cultural values behind the behaviour of Chinese tourists are presented. Drawing from former research both in Finland and elsewhere, the key characteristics of Chinese tourists are described.    The interests and opinions of 205 Chinese hotel guests were measured at Radisson SAS hotel during the summer of 2007. A structured questionnaire consisting of three sections was used as the research instrument. The data was thoroughly analyzed by descriptive techniques of frequency and mean scores.    The results show that the most popular activities were those related to Finnish lifestyle and nature: such as a stroll in the woods, dining at a Finnish home and a summer cottage experience. Out of the top ten, six of were focused around nature. The results also show that the Chinese want to learn about and experience the Finnish way of life in a deeper way, so emphasis should be placed on this when possible new travel products are created. Out of all the 19 activities and experiences introduced in the questionnaire, the ten that were most appealing to the Chinese tourists could be used to make new travel products at Radisson SAS Seaside. The travel products should be flexible in nature: each experience could be sold as a separate product or the guests could mix and match according to their own like. The packages could also vary in length or in depth of experience. Suggestions are also given on how the hotel can improve its existing services for the Chinese.
The information audit : a practical guide
Information needs in the sciences : an assessment
How to cater better to the needs of Chinese tourists
The SST method schema : a tool for analysing work task-based web information search processes
Health care needs assessment : the epidemiologically based needs assessment reviews. Vol. 1
Approaches to needs assessment in children's services
Need analysis : tools for the human services and education
Conducting the reference interview : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
Skill needs in Europe : focus on 2020
Unbound Prometheus and the fire of knowledge : a study for better flow of more meaningful information
Building and testing a framework for understanding and achieving client needing - media company service offering alignment
Paediatric emergency triage, assessment and treatment : care of critically ill children : updated guideline
Abstract: Russian roulette : the obstacles and needs of young people in family planning in St. Petersburg and Riga.
Somali immigrants’ needs and expectations towards health care services in Helsinki metropolitan
Developing customer need based services in personal security service industry
Designing unified service encounters : case of Outotec maintenance services
Meeting the needs of student users in academic libraries : reaching across the great divide
English summary: The use of an Intranet for information seeking and communication: scrutinizing the effects of individual and contextual factors.
Google and the digital divide : the bias of online knowledge
The Finnish fashion enterpreneurship ecosystem
Health care needs assessment : the epidemiologically based needs assessment reviews. Vol. 2
Information users and usability in the digital age
Expectations and visions of elderly care among people aged 50-59 years : the report of transnational survey in Finland, the Netherlands, Poland and Hungary & The country report of Finland (in Finnish)
eCompetence for social work
Explore customers' needs in the process of developing high-tech services : a case of research labs in Northern Finland and Sweden
Role emerging occupational therapy : maximising occupation focused practice
Recognition of depressive elderly people in health care services
Russian roulette : the obstacles and needs of young people in family planning in St. Petersburg and Riga.
Case management for individuals with severe mental illness : a process-outcome study of ten pilot services in Sweden
Health education : patients' learning needs after coronary artery bypass grafting surgery
Identifying hidden needs : creating breakthrough products
Guidelines for standards developers to address the needs of older persons and persons with disabilities
Abstract (1 s.).
Meeting the Needs of Student Users in Academic Libraries surveys and evaluates the current practice of learning commons and research services within the academic library community in order to determine if these learning spaces are functioning as intended. To evaluate their findings, the authors examine the measurement tools that libraries have used to evaluate usage and satisfaction, including contemporary anthropological studies that provide a more detailed view of the student's approach to research. The book takes a candid look at these redesigns and asks if improvements have lived up to expectations of increased service and user satisfaction. Are librarians using these findings to inform the evolution and implementation of new service models, or have they simply put a new shade of lipstick on the pig?
Humanities information : cultural heritage and humanities research : problems and possibilities in the light of new technology
The factors affecting the use of elderly care and the need for resources by 2030 in Finland
Assessing information needs : tools, techniques and concepts for the Internet Age
Information retrieval interaction
The assessment of traumatized refugees : clinical practices at the Cultural Psychiatry Outpatient Clinic
