http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2511 handwriting
handwriting
The art of srcreenplays : a writer's guide
Start your own arts and crafts business : retail, carts and kiosks, craft shows, street fairs
Environmental engineer's mathematics handbook
Reading early American handwriting
International seminar the Development of Crafts and Design Professions : 20th to 22nd February 1997   conference proceedings = The development of crafts and design professions
Creative economy report 2008 : the challenge of assessing the creative economy : towards informed policy-making
True to the letter : 800 years of remarkable correspondence, documents and autographs
North America : a tourism handbook
Handbook on tourism forecasting methodologies
The script-selling game : a Hollywood insider's look at getting your script sold and produced
The producer's business handbook
Teaching writing, learning to write : proceedings of the XVIth Colloquium of the Comité International de Paléographie Latine : held at the Institute of English Studies, University of London, 2-5 September 2008
Preserving and stimulating the common cultural heritage in the countries around the Baltic Sea by adult education in handicrafts : report of the project co-financed by the Nordic Council of Ministers 2001-2002
The screenwriter's handbook. 2010
The perfect pitch : how to sell yourself and your movie idea to Hollywood
Summary: Horizons in craft.
Handbook for distance learning in tourism
Employee handbook as induction tool : case:  Palace Kämp Group Ltd
Information and documentation resource centres for tourism : guidelines for establishment and maintenance
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
The universal penman
"Glenn Adamson's last book, Thinking Through Craft, offered an influential account of craft's position within modern and contemporary art. Now, in his engaging sequel, The Invention of Craft, his theoretical discussion of skilled work is extended back in time and across numerous disciplines. Adamson searches out the origins of modern craft, locating its emergence in the period of the industrial revolution. He demonstrates how craft was invented as industry's "other", a necessary counterpart to ideas of progress and upheaval. In the process, the magical and secretive culture of artisans was gradually dominated through division and explication. This left craft with an oppositional stance, a traditional or anti-modern position. The Invention of Craft ranges widely across media, from lock-making, wood-carving and iron-casting to fashion, architecture and design. It also moves back and forth between periods, from the 18th century to the present day, demonstrating how contemporary practice can be informed through the study of modern craft in its moment of invention".
Adventures in the screen trade : a personal view of Hollywood and screenwriting
How to sell your crafts online : a step-by-step guide to successful sales on Etsy and beyond
Going to the movies : A personal journey through four decades of modern film
The Kogan Page guide to working in the hospitality industry : catering, travel and tourism, leisure and the licensed trade
Starting an Etsy business for dummies
Better Networking among Craft Family Enterprises in Taizhou: Case: Taizhou Changhui Craft Co., Ltd
The calligraphy source book : the essential reference for all calligraphers
Tourism and handicrafts : a report on the International Conference on Tourism and Handicrafts : 13-15 May 2006, Tehran, Islamic Republic of Iran
Handbook on tourism market segmentation : maximising marketing effectiveness
Understanding colonial handwriting
Movement and learning in the early years : supporting dyspraxia (DCD) and other difficulties
International handbook of educational leadership and administration
Craft Inc. : business planner : the ultimate organizer for turning your crafts into cash
Craftology : redefining contemporary craft in culture, people and sustainibility
The handmade marketplace
Graphology explained : a workbook
The culture of craft : status and future
Nib + ink : the new art of modern calligraphy
Belles lettres : manuscripts by the masters of French literature
Handwriting in America : a cultural history
New craft future voices : proceedings of the Dundee Conference, July 04-06, 2007
Play with typography, get creative with letterforms and develop your own unique handwriting style with Nib & Ink. This beautiful and immersive guide is full of inspiration, shape and letter templates, modern calligraphy basics, creative prompts and exercises. It also features a handful of simple creative projects - from wedding stationery to birthday cards - complete with plenty of space to practise that will encourage you to discover new, more interesting, more creative, and surprising ways to perk up your correspondence, add a flourish to your stationery and refresh your handwriting.
Grafología y escritura de los reyes de España = Graphology and handwriting of the kings of Spain
Scribes and sources : handbook of the chancery hand in the sixteenth century
The historical source book for scribes
The craft reader
Development of sustainable entreneurship and support of local handicrafts in the rural Azerbaijan : project mid-term evaluation report
Handwriting policy and practice in English primary schools
How to analyze hands and handwriting
Essays looking at the process of teaching and learning to write in the middle ages, with evidence drawn from across Europe.
Detecting forgery : forensic investigation of documents
A disease of language
ITA : internationale Titelabkürzungen von Zeitschriften, Zeitungen, wichtigen Handbüchern, Wörterbüchern, Gesetzen usw. = ITA : international title abbreviations of periodicals, newspapers, important handbooks, dictionaires, laws etc
Pencil grip : a descriptive model and four empirical studies
Screenwriting
Made by hand : contemporary makers, traditional practices
Shining in the media spotlight : a communications manual for tourism professionals
Writing a handwork : a history of handwriting in Mediterranean and Western culture
"The Art of Screenplays is a working handbook for writers with stories to tell. Addressing the key issues of creativity and craft, its aim is to connect with our natural understanding of story, to demystify the screenwriter’s art, and to enable fresh, original and authentic writing. Working on the central premise that drama reflects nature, and screenplays simply echo life as we know it, the areas Mukherjee discusses include: - The Writer’s eye: how to gather, ferment and communicate story. - The art of action: understanding structure through observation. - Who am I? Exploring the levels of characters. - Vertical structure: say what you mean. Mean what you say. - Speak the speech: The art of not writing dialogue." -- (takakansi)
An introduction to writing for electronic media : scriptwriting essentials across the genres
Twentieth-century handwriting
Agatha Christie's secret notebooks : fifty years of mysteries in the making
Guide to scripts used in English writings up to 1500
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 1.
The Routledge companion to design studies
Internationalization of Finnish handicraft businesses : a Turku region business case study
ENFHEX news : bulletin of the European Network of Forensic Handwriting Experts
The legal and business papers of Sirs Edwin and Charles Rich : a documentary edition with commentary
Handwritten : expressive lettering in the digital age
Developing and marketing crafts tourism
The elaboration of international business idea
Travel, tourism, and hospitality research : a handbook for managers and researchers
An international handbook of tourism education
Film scriptwriting : a practical manual
The secret's in their signature
Interpreting your child's drawings and handwriting : toddler to teen
Why do architects wear black?
The art and science of handwriting
On craftsmanship : towards a new Bauhaus
Ceramic concept design for HomeCrafts Finland
The invention of craft
The concise graphology notebook
HOW TO READ HANDWRITING
LETTERCRAFT : INCORPORATING THE CRAFT OF LETTERING, THE CRAFT OF THE PEN, THE CRAFT OF SCRIPT AND A FEW WORDS ABOUT HANDWRITING
Marketing Opportunities of Handicrafts in Finland
Calligraphy and power in contemporary Chinese society
"From the canonical texts of the Arts and Crafts Movement to the radical thinking of today's "DIY" movement, from theoretical writings on the position of craft in distinction to Art and Design to how-to texts from renowned practitioners, from feminist histories of textiles to descriptions of the innovation born of necessity in Soviet factories and African auto-repair shops...The Craft Reader presents the first comprehensive anthology of writings on modern craft. Covering the period from the Industrial Revolution to today, the Reader draws on craft practice and theory from America, Europe, Asia and Africa. The world of craft is considered in its full breadth -- from pottery and weaving, to couture and chocolate-making, to contemporary art, architecture and curation. The writings are themed into sections and all extracts are individually introduced, placing each in its historical, cultural and artistic context. Bringing together an astonishing range of both classic and contemporary texts, The Craft Reader will be invaluable to any student or practitioner of Craft and also to readers in Art and Design. AUTHORS INCLUDE: Theodor Adorno, Anni Albers, Amadou H., Charles Babbage, Roland Barthes, Andrea Branzi, Alison Britton, Rafael Cardoso, Johanna Drucker, Charles Eames, Salvatore Ferragamo, Kenneth Frampton, Alfred Gell, Walter Gropius, Tanya Harrod, Martin Heidegger, Patrick Heron, Bernard Leach, Esther Leslie, W. R. Lethaby, Lucy Lippard, Adolf Loos, Karl Marx, William Morris, Robert Morris, Lee Ufan, Frank Lloyd Wright"--Provided by publisher.
The screenwriter's handbook. 2009
Teaching scriptwriting, screenplays and storyboards for film and TV production
How to make money using Etsy : a guide to the online marketplace for crafts and handmade products
