http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25195 game characters
game characters
Torchbearer : basic rule book for levels 1-5
The official Angry Birds joke book : eggs-travaganza!
The tomb raider trilogy : PS3
The Hunger games
Pojo's Unofficial Ultimate Pokémon is a comprehensive review of everything to know and love about Pokémon with character profiles, anime and movie reviews, tips for building your team in the video games, collectors information about the Pokémon Trading Card Game, Pokémon puzzle pages, and more! Featuring all six generations of Pokémon, this is the ultimate guide for Pokémon fans of all ages.
Rabbids invasion : the interactive tv show : Xbox One
Action anatomy : for gamers, animators, and digital artists
The hunger games
Unknown armies : a roleplaying game of power and consequenses
The art of game characters
The art of Battlefield 4
The cover girl handbook : what every Stardoll needs to know!
Quantum of solace : 007 : Xbox 360.
Iron kingdoms : full metal fantasy roleplaying game : core rules
The production & learnings of Trials of the Wolf
Batman : Arkham City : Game of the Year edition : PS3
The one ring : adventures over the edge of the wild : fantasy roleplaying in the world of The hobbit and The lord of the rings
Female Characters in Video Games : Representation and Character Types
The unofficial Bible for minecrafters : stories from the Bible told block by block
Sherlock Holmes : the silver earring : Wii
Humour in video games : play, comedy and mischief
James Bond 007 : Blood stone : PlayStation 3.
The sky : the art of Final fantasy IV-VI. 1991-1994
Tomb raider : PS3
Angry Birds Star Wars : character encyclopedia
The testament of Sherlock Holmes : Xbox 360.
Sonic the Hedgehog
The darkness II : limited edition : Xbox 360.
Cloudy with a chance of meat balls : PlayStation 3
Pojo's Unofficial Ultimate Pokémon : from your first cards to the latest games and everything in between!
Sonic the Hedgehog, Mega Man : Worlds unite. Volume one, Deadly fusion
Create delicious dishes that look like your favorite Pokémon characters - from desserts to pizza - with more than 35 easy, fun recipes. Make a Pokémon ball sushi roll, Pikachu ramen or mashed Meowth potatoes for your next party, weekend activity or powered-up lunchbox.
Crimes & punishments : Sherlock Holmes : XBOX 360
Lego Indiana Jones : the original adventures : Wii
Angry Birds Star Wars II : Darth Swindle's Secret
Cap'n Buck : monstrous biographies
Art unknown : raw diamonds from the frozen wasteland
Angry Birds Star Wars joke book
Spider-man : edge of time : Xbox 360.
Let's make Angry Birds cakes
Capcom 30th anniversary character encyclopedia : featuring 200+ characters from Capcom games
Spider-man : edge of time : Wii
Game character creation with Blender and Unity
Crimes & punishments : Sherlock Holmes : PS3
GoldenEye 007 : reloaded : PlayStation 3 : Move
Crimes & punishments : Sherlock Holmes : Xbox One
Lamentations of the Flame princess : weird fantasy role-playing
Isle of the unknown
The sky : the art of Final fantasy VII-X. 1997-2001
Quantum of solace : 007 : PS3
Proceedings of EHTI'08: The First Finnish Symposium on Emotions and Human-Technology Interaction
Moshi monsters : character encyclopedia
Constructing identities in San Andreas : characterizing the protagonists in Grand Theft Auto V
The darkness II : limited edition : PS3
Creative character design
Angry Birds amigurumi and more
Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris : PS4
The history of Sonic the Hedgehog
The Pokémon cookbook : easy & fun recipes
Dragon age : roleplaying game core rulebook
Disney Infinity : play without limits : character encyclopedia
RuneQuest legendary heroes
Rabbids invasion : the interactive tv show : PS4
World Of Warcraft : Chronicle volume 1.
Facial animation of game characters
Pathfinder : roleplaying game. Mythic adventures
The testament of Sherlock Holmes : PS3
MM25 : Mega Man and Mega Man X official complete works
GoldenEye 007 : reloaded : Xbox 360.
A clue to the exit
Catching fire
Dragon age : dark fantasy roleplaying. Set 1 : for characters level 1 to 5
Trolls : a guide to the uz
Skylanders. The kaos trap
Spider-man : Edge of time : PS3
The advanced player's manual
The sky : the art of Final fantasy I-III. 1987-1990
Cloudy with a chance of meat balls : Xbox 360
World of warcraft : ultimate visual guide
"Action Anatomy is the complete guide to building digital characters from the inside out. Using the human anatomy as its starting point, this book provides both the novice and the more experienced animator with new and innovative ways to create truly animated characters."--Book jacket.
Numenera : player's guide
Rabbids invasion : the interactive tv show : Xbox 360, Kinect
Zoshling encounters
