http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25129 health hazards
health hazards
The scientific basis of tobacco product regulation : report of a WHO study group
Understanding textiles
In vitro methods in the study of reactive drug metabolites with liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry
2013 Finnish Conference of Environmental Sciences, 2-3 May 2013, Tampere, Finland, www.fses.fi : proceedings
Ships, sulphur and climate : is it a good time to reduce the sulphur emissions from shipping?
Salt, sugar, fat : how the food giants hooked us
Reactive metabolites are believed to be responsible for rare but serious idiosyncratic adverse drug reactions (IADRs) that have led to the withdrawal of numerous drugs from the market. This has resulted in major harm to patients, economic losses for the pharmaceutical companies and represents a serious problem in drug development. Reactive metabolites can be studied by trapping them with suitable nucleophiles, most commonly with glutathione. The glutathione conjugates formed in these reactions can be analyzed with liquid chromatography mass spectrometry (LC/MS) techniques. In this study, new in vitro methods for the detection and analysis of reactive metabolites were developed. The suitability for reactive metabolite screening of different enzyme sources commonly used in vitro were compared. It was found that sub-cellular fractions yielded significantly larger amounts of glutathione-trapped reactive metabolites as compared to the amounts obtained from intact hepatocytes. Additionally, different metabolites were detected in some cases. Biomimetic metalloporphyrin catalysts were tested for their ability to produce larger amounts of glutathione-trapped metabolites relative to liver S9 fraction incubations. An increase in reactive metabolite production was observed with biomimetic models, but not all of the metabolites produced by liver S9 were observed. The glutathione conjugates of pulegone and of its metabolite menthofuran were analyzed with LC/MS/MS, and the fragmentation spectra of N- and S-/N- di-linked glutathione conjugate were interpreted in detail for the first time. These results will enable more efficient screening of reactive metabolites of furan-containing compounds. Acyl glucuronides are metabolites produced from carboxylic acid-containing compounds and can be reactive. A good correlation was found between the acyl migration half-life and the tendency of adrug to cause IADRs. The carboxylic moiety can also be metabolized to yield acyl coenzyme A (CoA) conjugates that may be more reactive than their corresponding acyl glucuronides. The formation of CoA conjugates and additional conjugates formed from them was found to be more likely with drugs that cause IADRs.
Research projects of STUK 2009-2011
The Fundamentals of Air Pollution Including Its Sources, Factors, and Control
WIRECOM : wireless communication devices and human health : national research programme into the health effects of mobile phones : final report
BPA performance (TOC, BOD and toxicity) during photo-Fenton reaction
Gut : the inside story of our body's most under-rated organ
Beef Finland 2012 : a brief
Oh sugar! : how to satisfy your sweet tooth naturally for a happy, healthy lifestyle
Promoting health : global perspectives
Tobacco smoke and involuntary smoking
Healthy people in a healthy environment : environmental impacts on health : better understanding for better protection : review of the European information base for policy
Adverse health effects of glycyrrhizic acid in licorice : a risk assessment
Beyond basic photography : a technical manual
The meat fix : how a lifetime of healthy eating nearly killed me
Alcohol-related traumatic brain injuries before and after the reduction of alcohol prices : observations from Oulu Province and Northern Ostrobothnia
Responsible sale and service of alcohol : for the tourism, hospitality and retail industries
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer among men in Western industrialized countries. Approximately 60% of prostate cancer patients receive radiotherapy at some phase of the disease, a treatment based on the use of ionizing radiation to kill or control malignant cells. Unfortunately, adjoining healthy tissues are also affected by exposure to ionization, potentially leading to the emergence of adverse side effects, even several years later. The main radiation treatment modalities are external radiotherapy and low dose rate (LDR) or high dose rate (HDR) brachytherapy. Different techniques and methods are used to decrease the dose to healthy tissues, thus limiting the possibility of adverse effects. In this thesis a novel technique and associated equipment were developed whereby brachytherapy can be performed by inserting all needles simultaneously. This reduces the implantation time, thus minimizing the impairing effect on seed positioning accuracy resulting from prostate swelling. A phantom model was also constructed for testing and training purposes. DuraSeal® was investigated as a spacer material between the prostate and rectum, and its effect on rectal dose was evaluated during brachytherapy and external radiotherapy. DuraSeal® is resorbed over one to six months, thus altering rectal doses compared with the original dose plan. In brachytherapy, the resorption effect on rectal doses was calculated along with an evaluation of the potential of using different isotopes. In external radiotherapy, the resorption effect on rectal dose-volume histograms (DVHs) was calculated and the need for adaptive planning considered. DuraSeal®, as a spacer gel, clearly has favorable effects on rectal and anterior rectal wall DVHs in brachytherapy and external radiotherapy, and has the potential to decrease adverse effects. It is especially beneficial in hypofractionated treatments and external radiotherapy and brachytherapy combination treatment. In LDR brachytherapy using permanent seeds, dose planning is recommended prior to gel injection to prevent excessive rectal tolerance doses in situations where gel is rapidly resorbed. In external radiotherapy, the use of adaptive planning with a spacer gel improves rectal DVH, but is not necessary according to this thesis.
The case against sugar
Environmental health hazards and social justice : geographical perspectives on race and class disparities
Abstract (s. 5-6).
"Calories--too few or too many--are the source of health problems affecting billions of people in today's globalized world. Although calories are essential to human health and survival, they cannot be seen, smelled, or tasted. They are also hard to understand. In Why Calories Count, Marion Nestle and Malden Nesheim explain in clear and accessible language what calories are and how they work, both biologically and politically. As they take readers through the issues that are fundamental to our understanding of diet and food, weight gain, loss, and obesity, Nestle and Nesheim sort through a great deal of the misinformation put forth by food manufacturers and diet program promoters. They elucidate the political stakes and show how federal and corporate policies have come together to create an "eat more" environment. Finally, having armed readers with the necessary information to interpret food labels, evaluate diet claims, and understand evidence as presented in popular media, the authors offer some candid advice: Get organized. Eat less. Eat better. Move more. Get political"--Provided by publisher.
Survey on contamination of water sources and household waters as an integrated part of impact management : case: Moding and Elukongo sublocations in western province of Kenya, East Africa
Passive smoking during pregnancy and early childhood : occurence, deterninants, health effects and prevention
The truth about burnout : how organizations cause personal stress and what to do about it
Review, Assessment and Development of Search Engine for Residential Wood Combustion
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
"The WHO Disability Assessment Schedule - WHODAS 2.0 is a practical instrument to measure general health and disability levels. It is based on the International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health (ICF). WHODAS 2.0 can be used as a general measure across all diseases, including mental, neurological and addictive disorders. Developed internationally the WHODAS 2.0 is a reliable measure applicable in different cultures both in clinical settings or in general populations. It is a responsive measure that can show what difference an intervention makes. This manual presents short and full versions of the WHODAS 2.0 together with practical guidelines on how to use them effectively. It includes 12 item, 12+24 item and 36 item questionnaires; development history; psychometric properties; and applications."--Publisher's description.
Noise pollution and control strategy
Detrimental effects of energy drink consumption on adolescents
Fundamentals of ecotoxicology
Indoor air problems in Finnish hospitals : from the occupational health perspective
Fear of food : a history of why we worry about what we eat
Deskbound : standing up to a sitting world
Improving pharmacotherapy in older people : a clinical approach
Good sugar bad sugar : eat yourself free from sugar and carb addiction
Epidemiological studies on fish consumption and cardiovascular health : results from the fishermen study and the health 2000 survey
Caffeinated : how our daily habit helps, hooks and hurts us
The sugar detox plan : the essential 3-step plan for breaking your sugar habit
The consequences of alcoholism : medical, neuropsychiatric, economic, cross-cultural
Environmental tobacco smoke
WHO guidelines on safety monitoring of herbal medicines in pharmacovigilance systems
The in vitro toxicological effects of particulate emissions from small- and medium-scale heating systems
Corporate-humanitarian partnership building : the case of Peepoople’s humanitarian emergency response partnerships
Faculty of health sciences' research day symposium 2017 : effectiveness of health care : abstracts
Efficient reduction of indoor exposures : health benefits from optimizing ventilation, filtration and indoor source controls
New techniques and methods for decreasing healthy tissue dose in prostate cancer radiotherapy, with special reference to rectal doses
Reducing salt in foods : practical strategies
Finland drug situation 2013 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2013 national report to the EMCDDA by the Reitox National Focal Point, THL
Research projects of STUK 2000-2002
"Much as we take comfort in the belief that modern medicine and public health tactics can protect us from horrifying contagious diseases, such faith is dangerously unfounded. So demonstrates Mark Harrison in this pathbreaking investigation of the intimate connections between trade and disease throughout modern history. For centuries commerce has been the single most important factor in spreading diseases to different parts of the world, the author shows, and today the same is true. But in today's global world, commodities and germs are circulating with unprecedented speed. Beginning with the plagues that ravaged Eurasia in the fourteenth century, Harrison charts both the passage of disease and the desperate measures to prevent it. He examines the emergence of public health in the Western world, its subsequent development elsewhere, and a recurring pattern of misappropriation of quarantines, embargoes, and other sanitary measures for political or economic gain - even for use as weapons of war. In concluding chapters the author exposes the weaknesses of today's public health regulations - a set of rules that not only disrupt the global economy but also fail to protect the public from the afflictions of trade-borne disease. Mark Harrison is professor of the history of medicine and director of the Wellcome Unit for the History of Medicine, University of Oxford. His previous books include Medicine and Victory: British Military Medicine in the Second World War and The Medical War: British Military Medicine in the First World War, for each of which he was awarded the Templer Medal. He lives in Oxford, UK." -- (Yale University Press)
Grey field : search for an intermediate solution on the field of seating
Understanding marijuana : a new look at the scientific evidence
Nutrition and metabolism
Summary (s. 5-6).
Summary.
Late lessons from early warnings : the precautionary principle 1896-2000
Explains the complexities of alcohol and its' sale and supply, and examines the wide range of inter-related associated topics connected to the wider tourism, hospitality and retail industries. It provides a greater awareness of the effects of alcohol and helps readers understand their obligations when selling, supplying or marketing alcohol.
The effect of aquatic exercise on symptoms, function, body composition and cartilage in knee osteoarthritis
"Establishes that we cannot comprehend environmental and medical dilemmas through data alone and must call on the sometimes surprising emotions that literary metaphors, tropes, and narratives deploy."--Publishers website.
The psychology of workplace safety
Alcohol and cancer among men : public health impact and perspectives
Ecosickness in contemporary U.S. fiction : environment and affect
Pure, white and deadly : how sugar is killing us and what we can do to stop it
Contagion : how commerce has spread disease
In vitro methods in the study of reactive drug metabolites with liquid chromatography / mass spectrometry
Clozapine, infections and immune system
Chernobyl record : the definitive history of the Chernobyl catastrophe
Toxicological effects of fine particles from small scale biomass combustion
Co-operation between managers and occupational health care providers in the early support of the employees' working ability - managerial point of view.
Measuring health and disability : manual for WHO Disability Assessment Schedule WHODAS 2.0
The effects of distilled and brewed beverages : a physiological, neurological and psychological study
Vastine rahalle : kannanottoja terveyden edistämisen kustannusvaikuttavuuteen = Value for money : the cost-effectiveness of health promotion
Why calories count : from science to politics
Fat chance : the Hidden truth about sugar, obesity and disease
Industry and traffic related particles and their role in human health
The tobacco atlas
Environment and health
Calculated risks : the toxicity and human health risks of chemicals in our environment
Plastics, the environment and human health : papers of a theme issue
Reduced muscle inactivity, sedentary time and cardio-metabolic benefits : effectiveness of a one-year family-based cluster randomized controlled trial
WAI : how to use the Work Ability IndexTM questionnaire
Psychiatric drug withdrawal : a guide for prescribers, therapists, patients, and their families
