http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2512 writing
writing
Copywriting : successful writing for design, advertising and marketing
Countdown to poetry writing : step by step approach to writing techniques for 7-12 years
The writer : e-lehti
Pathways to better writing practices in foreign language teaching : an analysis of writing exercises in an English course book used in a migrant class
Research methods in second language acquisition : a practical guide
How not to write a play
Orality and literacy : the technologizing of the word
The crafty art of playmaking
The first reading and writing book
"We really had a great week together, didn't we?" : the development of questions in texts written by adult learners of English as a second language
How to write & illustrate a scientific paper
On a journey towards a writing habit : a material package for upper secondary school
Lines : a brief history
Writing under pressure : the quick writing process
Difficult men : behind the scenes of a creative revolution : from The Sopranos and The Wire to Mad Men and Breaking Bad
Academic writing for international students of business
Profile of a technical writer
Writing is one of the central pillars of language learning and of major interest and concern to teachers, students and researchers. This book covers the historical and conceptual background to the field of writing, dealing with current questions relating to both practice and research, and outlines the direction in which the field is moving. In addition to a full discussion of the current applications of research in terms of courses, materials, teaching practices and software, Teaching and Researching: Writing offers practical suggestions for teaching approaches. The practical nature of the volume also extends to research projects with a dedicated chapter setting out a number of do-able, small scale research topics. A number of resources, and learning aids are included: - chapter reviews and overviews - key texts listings after each section - discussions of case studies - compendium of paper and online resources - list of major associations and conferences - glossary of key terms - list of references. The combination of teaching and research analysis and practical information makes this an invaluable resource for practitioners, researchers, students and professionals engaged in language study and teaching.
Theatricalization of self : personal blogs as theatre performance
How not to get published
Forever princess
Writers on Writing
A technology of reading and writing. Vol.4, Designing instructional tasks
Steering the craft : a 21st-century guide to sailing the sea of story
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarising at university Is there a secret to successful study? The answer is 'yes'! There are some essential skills and smart strategies that will help you to improve your results at university. This easy-to-use guide helps to develop the essential academic skills of writing and thinking needed to cite and reference with confidence in your academic studies. Plagiarism and the most common methods of quoting, summarising and paraphrasing are explained and modelled throughout the book. HOW TO CITE, REFERENCE & AVOID PLAGIARISM AT UNIVERSITY provides tips, tools and techniques you will need to perform with excellence, including how to: * understand the importance of correct citation and referencing in academic writing * be aware of the facts about plagiarism and how it can be identified and avoided * search for and evaluate sources from the literature * introduce the work of others into your own text * understand and use the five most common citation and referencing styles. Visit www.smarterstudyskills.com to access a wealth of useful information, tips, templates and interactive activities that will support your skills development.
Resisting writings (and the boundaries of composition)
Reading and writing in the first school
Letters from home
Death and Mr Pickwick
Corporate blogging for dummies
How authors' minds make stories
Designing a guiding and tutorial free beginning for a 3D role-playing game
Indexing : a nuts-and-bolts guide for technical writers
Short story writing and free-lance journalism
Scriptum : creative writing research journal
Writing books for children
How to write a play
The teaching of writing : eighty-fifth yearbook of the National Society for the Study of Education. Part 2
Fieldwork in educational settings : methods, pitfalls, and perspectives
A series of reflections on the author's experiences learning a new language and living abroad, in a dual-language edition.
Foundations of argumentative text processing
Writing for health professionals : a manual for writers
Creative writing : unlock your imagination, develop your writing skills, and get your work published
Booklife : survival tips for the 21st-century writer
Getting it right : the essential elements of the dissertation
Training of students ́scientific reasoning skills
Writing the breakout novel
How to write and sell a synopsis
Fangirl : a novel
The view from the cheap seats : a collection of introductions, essays, and assorted writings
Metalinguistic activity in learning to write
Writing fiction : a practical guide from New York's acclaimed creative writing school
The art of writing fiction
The history and uncertain future of handwriting
Writing for video game genres : from FPS to RPG
Writing in action
Grassroots literacy : writing, identity and voice in Central Africa
How to write your first novel
The college writer's reference
Hart's rules for compositors and readers at the University press, Oxford
140 characters : a style guide for the short form
How to write a cv that really works
Scenes from the epic life of a total genius
The development of students' writing and assessment skills : a portfolio experiment in EFL
Booklife : strategies and survival tips for the 21st-century writer
Words, phrases and sentences : a comparison of writing activities and tasks in textbook series of English and Swedish for grades 7 to 9
Computers and writing : issues and implementations
The second reading and writing book
The Penguin writer's manual
Finger phonics. 3
Writing essentials : exercises to improve spelling, sentence structure, punctuation, and writing
Critical reading and writing across the disciplines
Text type distinctions and variation in English of software engineering
Towards research-orientation in professional practice 2012 : a guide to thesis work at Diaconia University of Applied Sciences
Quite literally : problem words and how to use them
Verbs and noun phrases - two tendencies in philosophical essays
The Research project : how to write it
The psychology of creative writing
Learning to read and spell : the child's knowledge of words
Variation and change in spoken and written discourse : perspectives from corpus linguistics
Read and write
Writing for professional development
Writing your life story : how to record and present your memories for future generations to enjoy
Instructions for authors
Postcards and supasigns : extending integrationist theory through the creation of interactive digital artworks
Academic writing and publishing : a practical guide
Writing and selling feature articles
Your creative writing masterclass : advice from the best on writing successful novels, screenplays and short stories
Effective writing skills for public relations
My first book of reading
Composing and comprehending : National conference on research in English
Finger phonics. 2
Write for life : how to inspire your creative writing
Mendeley : Crowd-sourced reference and citation management in the information era
Finger phonics. 7
A writer's notebook : unlocking the writer within you
Effective writing : improving scientific, technical and business communication
Stein on writing : a master editor of some of the most successful writers of our century shares his craft techniques and strategies
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
Silence of the forest : essays on creativity and art
Wannabe a writer
Children's learning in a digital world
Let's learn Kanji : an introduction to radicals, components, and 250 very basic kanji
English teachers' experiences of writing tasks
Are you struggling to meet your coursework deadlines? Finding it hard to get to grips with your essay topics? Does your writing sometimes lack structure and style? Would you like to improve your grades? This text covers everything a student needs to know about writing essays and papers in the humanities and social sciences. Starting from the common difficulties students face, it gives practical examples of all the stages necessary to produce a good piece of academic work: * interpreting assignment topics * drawing on your own experience and background * reading analytically and taking efficient notes * developing your argument through introductions, middles and conclusions * evaluating and using online resources * understanding the conventions of academic culture * honing your ideas into clear, vigorous English. This book will provide you with all the tools and insights you need to write confident, convincing essays and coursework papers.
The Hungarian writer of the Lost Time : memory and poetical imitation in Krúdy Gyula’s work
Animating with Blender : how to create short animations from start to finish
How not to write a novel : 200 mistakes to avoid at all costs if you ever want to get published
"This text involves students in understanding and using the tools of critical social and literary theory from the first day of class. It is an ideal first introduction before students encounter more difficult readings from critical and postmodern perspectives. Nealon and Giroux describe key concepts and illuminate each with an engaging inquiry that asks students to consider deeper and deeper questions. Written in students' own idiom, and drawing its examples from the social world, literature, popular culture, and advertising, The Theory Toolbox offers students the language and opportunity to theorize. Updated throughout, the second edition of The Theory Toolbox includes a discussion of new media, as well as two new chapters on life and nature"--
The technical writer's handbook : writing with style and clarity
Directing the story : professional storytelling and storyboarding techniques for live action and animation
Finger phonics. 5
Chaos of the senses
Worlds of written discourse : [a genre-based view]
Writing down the bones : freeing the writer within
Writing and reviewing skills
Scientific and technical literature : an introduction to forms of communication
Writing science fiction and fantasy
1001 brilliant writing ideas : teaching Inspirational Story-Writing for All Ages
Pencil grip : a descriptive model and four empirical studies
Inspiring Imagery : An Introduction to Evoking Vivid Mental Imagery in Creative Writing
From scribbles to scribes : young writers use the computer
Writing fiction : a guide to narrative craft
"Helps writers traverse the often difficult journey from first draft to finished product." Publishers Weekly "One of the things that sets VanderMeer apart is his embrace of technology and media" Wired.com The world has changed, and with it the writing life. In addition to crafting a novel or non-fiction work, writers must now consider a slew of "new media" promotion opportunities: blogs, social networks, mini-feeds, and podcasts, to name just a few. Booklife will provide you with the strategic and tactical intel to develop your writing career and thrive in this new environment. It explores questions such as How can authors use social media and the internet? How does the new online paradigm affect authors, readers, and the book industry? Tips of the trade culled from 25 years of experience as a writer, reviewer, editor, publisher, agent, and blogger are shared. Booklife also includes the feature 'How to Write a Novel in Two Months'. Whether you're a beginning, intermediate, or advanced writer, self-published, published in the independent press, or by large commercial conglomerates, this book will be of value to you and help you achieve your writing goals.
"Who are the people most qualified to teach writing? Surely it is the authors whose work has endured for decades, or even a century or more? Full to the brim with tips, quotes and examples from today's most famous writers, Your Creative Writing Masterclass shows all aspiring writers how to overcome fear, get past excuses, and start writing. It offers practical advice from the likes of Graham Greene, Murakami, Raymond Chandler, Dickens and Shakespeare on developing your niche, your writing style and your creativity. More than just a 'how-to' book, Your Creative Writing Masterclass is a friendly companion and coach, providing all the strategies needed to become a full-time writer and build a successful writing career. Using exercises, quotes and encouragement, Jurgen Wolff - with a little help from his friends - shows you how to hook readers and keep them engaged and offers powerful tips on how to stay motivated and transform your inner critic into a constructive guide to get past the dreaded writer's block."--Publisher's description.
Martini Henry
Getting It Right: The Essential Elements of the Dissertation was written for graduate students writing their dissertations. Clearly written and organized into five thematic chapters- introduction and rationale; review of literature; methods; results/findings; and interpretation and recommendations-this key writing source includes comprehensive examples taken directly from high-quality, scholarly dissertations. With motivational pep talks for graduate students and appropriate tips for mentors, Getting It Right is a thorough, but reader-friendly guide for both dissertation writers and their faculty advisors.
Teaching creative writing : theory and practice
On writing short stories
Thesis and dissertation writing in a second language : a handbook for supervisors
Academic voices : across languages and disciplines
$30 writing school
Writing as a visual art
The writer: e-lehti
How to be a young #writer
What is beneath the surface? : Comparing the product and process of L2 texts written by university students
Essays of travel and in the art of writing
Cat on a queer tin roof : a descriptive study of the process of character analysis and directing
The power of writing hands : logical memory performance after handwriting and typing tasks with Wechsler Memory Scale revised edition
Interventionist writing in research and developmental projects
How not to write a novel : 200 classic mistakes and how to avoid them - a misstep-by-misstep guide
Writing step by step : easy strategies for writing and revising
Kielenoppija tänään = Language learners of today
Get started in writing for children
Writing for pleasure and profit
Editing and publication : a training manual
Finger phonics. 6
Petunia Perry and the curse of the ugly pigeon
In other words
Blogging for dummies
In 1944 Chicago, Liz Stephens reluctantly agrees to ghostwrite a letter to soldier Morgan McClain, who is stationed overseas, for her friend Betty and becomes torn by her feelings for a man who doesn't know her true identity
A student's writing guide : how to plan and write successful essays
Teaching and researching writing
What if? : writing exercises for fiction writers
How we write : thirteen ways of looking at a blank page
Walter J. Ong's classic work provides a fascinating insight into the social effects of oral, written, printed and electronic technologies, and their impact on philosophical, theological, scientific and literary thought. This thirtieth anniversary edition - coinciding with Ong's centenary year - reproduces his best-known and most influential book in full and brings it up to date with two new exploratory essays by cultural writer and critic John Hartley. Hartley provides: A scene-setting chapter that situates Ong's work within the historical and disciplinary context of post-war Americanism and the rise of communication and media studies; A closing chapter that follows up Ong's work on orality and literacy in relation to evolving media forms, with a discussion of recent criticisms of Ong's approach, and an assessment of his concept of the 'evolution of consciousness'; Extensive references to recent scholarship on orality, literacy and the study of knowledge technologies, tracing changes in how we know what we know. These illuminating essays contextualize Ong within recent intellectual history, and display his work's continuing force in the ongoing study of the relationship between literature and the media, as well as that of psychology, education and sociological thought.
Engaging ideas : the professor's guide to integrating writing, critical thinking, and active learning in the classroom
Writing poems
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
Doing creative writing
An author's odyssey
Writing for radio
The playwright's art : stage, radio, television, motion pictures
The OMG blog
To be a playwright
The complete idiot's guide to technical writing
Write in style : a guide to good English
The writer's handbook
Good style : writing for science and technology
Writing a thriller
Summary: On the boundaries of autobiography, death and writing.
Death by water
"An enthralling collection of nonfiction essays on a myriad of topics--from art and artists to dreams, myths, and memories--observed in #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman's probing, amusing, and distinctive style. An inquisitive observer, thoughtful commentator, and assiduous craftsman, Neil Gaiman has long been celebrated for the sharp intellect and startling imagination that informs his bestselling fiction. Now, The View from the Cheap Seats brings together for the first time ever more than sixty pieces of his outstanding nonfiction. Analytical yet playful, erudite yet accessible, this cornucopia explores a broad range of interests and topics, including (but not limited to): authors past and present; music; storytelling; comics; bookshops; travel; fairy tales; America; inspiration; libraries; ghosts; and the title piece, at turns touching and self-deprecating, which recounts the author's experiences at the 2010 Academy Awards in Hollywood. Insightful, incisive, witty, and wise, The View from the Cheap Seats explores the issues and subjects that matter most to Neil Gaiman--offering a glimpse into the head and heart of one of the most acclaimed, beloved, and influential artists of our time"--
Reinventing the story : inventions in the film adaptation The green mile by Frank Darabont
Screenwriting secrets in genre film
Writing for visual media
Documentary storytelling : creative nonfiction on screen
Writing skills for public relations : style and technique for mainstream and social media
The theory toolbox : critical concepts for the humanities, arts, and social sciences
Word power : a guide to creative writing
Poetics on the creative process : an organic practicum to playwriting
Write
A technology of reading and writing. Vol. 3, The adaptive classroom
The good research guide : for small-scale social research projects
Writing lives : principia biographica
Effective e-communication : case Fortum Oil Refining Business unit
The professional writer : a guide for advanced technical writing
Guide to publishing a scientific paper
Genre theory in the past few years has contributed immensely to our understanding of the way discourse is used in academic, professional and institutional contexts. However, its development has been constrained by the nature and design of its applications, which have invariably focused on language teaching and learning, or communication training and consultation. This has led to the use of simplified and idealised genres. In contrast to this, the real world of discourse is complex, dynamic and unpredictable. This tension between the real world of written discourse and its representation in app.
Mastering technical writing
Appraising research : evaluation in academic writing
Their lips talk of mischief
Perspectives inter-culturelles et inter-linguistiques sur le discours académique. volume 1 = Cross-cultural and cross-linguistic perspectives on academic discourse
No plot? No problem! : a low-stress, high-velocity guide to writing a novel in 30 days
Writing dialogue
Literacy in language teaching : a task-based material package for the 6th grade
Write your way into animation and games : create a writing career in animation and games
Finger phonics. 4
How to... write an essay : winning techniques and skills for students
How to write horror fiction
The Good Research Guide by bestselling author Martyn Denscombe has established itself as the introductory book on the basics of social research. It provides practical and straightforward guidance for those who need to conduct small-scale research projects as part of their undergraduate, postgraduate or professional studies. This brand new fifth edition has been thoroughly updated and revised throughout and includes new material on: the use of social media in research, including guidelines on the use of social networking sites; more on internet research and how to run online surveys; how to conduct systematic literature reviews; getting good response rates to a survey; writing research reports; and research ethics. Retaining the clear, friendly and practical approach that has made the book a must for student researchers, the new edition includes many helpful learning features such as "at a glance" summaries in "Key Points" boxes, helpful "Checklists" to guide good practice and handy "Link-ups" between key topics across the book. Every chapter provides up-to-date further reading lists to help you develop your knowledge and research skills. This is an invaluable resource for anyone conducting social research across all business, health, education and other social science disciplines.
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarism at university
Teaching writing
Writing a play
Theory and technique of playwriting : with a new introd
"This book is an exploration of how writers take an evaluative stance in academic writing from the point of view of Appraisal theory. It focuses on introductions to research articles in English across a range of disciplines"--Provided by publisher.
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Process your thoughts : writing with computers
Letting go of the words : writing Web content that works
The prose factory : literary life in England since 1918
Write right! : creative writing using storytelling techniques
Creative writing for dummies
The founder of National Novel Writing Month (NaNoWriMo), which is conducted each fall, reveals the secrets writing a complete novel in only 30 days. This handbook is the ultimate guide for would-be writers (or those with writer's block) to cultivate their creative selves. Chris Baty, motivator extraordinaire and instigator of a wildly successful writing revolution, spells out the secrets of writing and finishing a novel. Every fall, thousands of people sign up for National Novel Writing Month (NaNoWriMo), which Baty founded, determined to (a) write that novel or (b) finish that novel in 30 days. Now Baty puts pen to paper himself to share the secrets of success. With week-specific overviews, pep talks, and essential survival tips for today's word warriors, this results-oriented, quick-fix strategy is perfect for people who want to nurture their inner artist and then hit print! Anecdotes and success stories from NaNoWriMo winners will inspire writers from the heralding you-can-do-it trumpet blasts of day one to the champagne toasts of day thirty. Whether it's a resource for those taking part in the official NaNo WriMo event, or a stand-alone handbook for writing to come, No Plot? No Problem! is the ultimate guide for would-be writers (or those with writer's block) to cultivate their creative selves.
Finger phonics. 1
Creative writing  : a guide and glossary to fiction writing
Guide for thesis and academic writing
The elements of style
The five-minute writer : exercise and inspiration in creative writing in five minutes a day
The insider's guide to creating comics and graphic novels
Writing as a text-cultural competence : challenges and solutions  in defining writing as a basic competence in the new Norwegian  curriculum
You can write a memoir
Theory and Technique of Playwriting
GMAT® for dummies
Your writing coach : from concept to character, from pitch to publication : everything you need to know about writing novels, non-fiction, new media, scripts and short stories
How plays work
How to write short : word craft for fast times
Write away : one novelist's approach to fiction and the writing life
Fairy tales
Spotty powder and other splendiferous secrets
Text entry by eye gaze
In order to end the Masked Man's literary army, the twins and their friends must enter Conner's short stories, where they find allies in unexpected places but whom they need to end the Masked Man's reign of terror.
AMA manual of style : a guide for authors and editors
Dyslexia and English as a foreign language : a study on compositions in English matriculation examination spring 1995
The good story : exchanges on truth, fiction and psychotherapy
How to build a girl
Teaching writing skills
The Murdstone trilogy
APA style simplified : writing in psychology, education, nursing, and sociology
