http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25132 hydraulic systems
hydraulic systems
Design of hydraulic cylinder for hand-held tool
Control oil system study on W32VCR1+
Hydrostatic pumps and motors : principles, design, performance, modelling, analysis, control and testing
Hydraulic control systems
Design of a steerable and liftable axle for a semi-trailer : Palms 1522
The goal of the thesis project was to design a concept prototype of a hand-held tool and to use components in the products the company has designed. The tool had to develop a 55kN force, maximum cycle time was four seconds and the hand part of the tool could weight no more than two kilograms. In the first phase goals were defined and the information was gathered on the projected loading cycle, lifetime, different solutions, components and techniques used in them. The solution concepts were compared using a morphological table and calculations files done with MatLab program. Based on the rankings and performance calculations, two basic design choices were compared: an electro-mechanical and an electro-hydraulic solution. The electro-hydraulic solution was chosen for further development. For it a new aluminium double acting hydraulic cylinder was designed along with a plastic tool body. Two different basic models of the tool were made for appraisal and one of them was chosen for development. The 3D-model, static loading simulations, 2D-drawings and initial failure mode, effects and criticality analysis (FMECA) were done for this solution. Performance goals for the tool were met but the tool was 300 g over the weight limit set of two kilograms. The conclusions of this project are useful for the company as they can make a prototype based on 2D drawings and use the information gathered on further development of the tool. A thorough report of the work done is included in the report given to FELCO Motion SA. The public thesis focuses on the basic theory used in the project and on the design of the hydraulic cylinder.
Comparison between dSPACE and NI systems based on real-time intelligent control of a teleoperated hydraulic servo system
Attenuating amplitude of pulsating pressure in a low-pressure hydraulic system by an adaptive Helmholtz resonator
Feature extraction and self-organizing maps in condition monitoring of hydraulic systems
Fundamentals of fluid power control
Hydraulic power capacity of water supply systems
Methods and models for accelerating dynamic simulation of fluid power circuits
Nonlinear model predictive control of a hydraulic forestry crane
