http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25173 new atheism
new atheism
A recent poll from the University of Minnesota finds that atheists are America's least trusted social group.
The first decade of the twenty-first century has witnessed a cluster of authors who have attained public notoriety through their mockery of religion and their popularizing of atheism. How should Christians and other believers understand and respond to this aggressive attack on their faith? In this collection of public addresses, leading academic theologians and philosophers who have written about the New Atheists seek to sum up their thinking and help us make sense of this contemporary phenomenon-and offer a richer and more sophisticated account of what belief in God is really about.
Religion : beyond religion
Recognizing the non-religious : reimagining the secular
The unknown God : responses to the new Atheism
During his 2009 inaugural speech, President Obama described the United States as a nation of "Christians and Muslims, Jews and Hindus--and nonbelievers." It was the first time an American president had acknowledged the existence of this rapidly growing segment of the population in such a public forum. And yet the reasons why more and more people are turning away from religion are still poorly understood. In Faith No More, Phil Zuckerman draws on in-depth interviews with people who have left religion to find out what's really behind the process of losing one's faith. According to a 2008 study, so many Americans claim no religion (15%, up from 8% in 1990) that this category now outranks every other religious group except Catholics and Baptists. Exploring the deeper stories within such survey data, Zuckerman shows that leaving one's faith is a highly personal, complex, and drawn-out process. And he finds that, rather than the cliche of the angry, nihilistic atheist, apostates are life-affirming, courageous, highly intelligent and inquisitive, and deeply moral. Zuckerman predicts that this trend toward nonbelief will likely continue and argues that the sooner we recognize that religion is frequently and freely rejected by all sorts of men and women, the sooner our understanding of the human condition will improve. The first book of its kind, Faith No More will appeal to anyone interested in the "New Atheism" and indeed to anyone wishing to more fully understand our changing relationship to religious faith. - Publisher.
Atheist spirituality : a follow on from New Atheism?
Religion: Beyond Religion introduces the reader to life outside of religion via the study of secularity. Composed of twenty thematic chapters, this volume begins with an overview chapter designed to familiarize the reader with common terms used in the field. The book's first section focuses on how secularity functions in society, its second section on the psychological and philosophical aspects of secularity. Throughout the volume, the chapters discuss many alternatives to religion, including atheism, agnosticism, and humanism. A broader discussion of how society is becoming more secular and why people choose to be nonreligious echoes through each chapter. Using an interdisciplinary approach, undergraduate and lay readers are given a deeper understanding of the study of religion. Chapters are written by eminent scholars, are peer reviewed, and offer bibliographies to encourage further exploration. The volume concludes with a glossary and a comprehensive index.
The last superstition : a refutation of the new atheism
Turning images in philosophy, science, and religion : a new book of nature
Reasonable atheism : a moral case for respectful disbelief
Faith no more : why people reject religion
