http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25113 fan fiction
fan fiction
The problem of invented religions
Rewritten literary classic : Pride and Prejudice and Zombies
Carry on : the rise and fall of Simon Snow
Fans, bloggers, and gamers : exploring participatory culture
Fan fiction and fan communities in the age of the Internet : new essays
Happily ever after : celebrating Jane Austen's Pride and prejudice
Crossmedia and transmedia are keywords of increasing importance for media professionals and scholars alike. Although these phenomena are older than sometimes argued, the affordances of digital networked media have radically enriched the nature of crossmedia strategies of media industries. As such crossmedia is an emergent practice that arises as one of the core sources of complexity and innovation for late modern cultures. This edited volume includes chapters by authors from three continents who approach the phenomenon from different disciplinary angles: semiotics, cultural studies, media economics, political economy, innovation studies. The common interest lies in the dynamics that lead to experiments with crossmedia and in how our cultures are innovated through such practices.
The Fan Fiction Studies Reader
Crossmedia innovations : texts, markets, institutions
Fangirl : a novel
I believe in Sherlock Holmes : early fan fiction from the very first fandom
The essays in this collection explore the relative influence of academic and fan perspectives in the current group of scholar-fans and the ethical dilemmas that sometimes emerge from this interplay of identities and the impact of the increasingly reciprocal relationship between textual producers and consumers.
"Everything is possible in fan fiction" : the thrill of rewriting and reading according to Finnish fan fiction buffs
Imaginative, immersive and interactive engagements : the rhetoric of worldbuilding in contemporary speculative fiction
Invented religions have been described as modern religions which advertise their invented status and reject traditional strategies of authorisation. But what does it mean for a religious formation to be 'made up', and how might this status affect perceptions of its legitimacy or authenticity in wider society? Based in original fieldwork and archival sources, and in the secondary literature on invented and constructed formations, this volume explores the allure of, as well as the limits of, the invention of religion. Through a series of case studies, the contributors discuss strategies of mobilization and legitimation for new traditions at their point of emergence, as well as taking issue with simplistic interpretations of the phenomenon which neglect wider cultural and political dimensions. This book was originally published as a special issue of Culture and Religion.
Putting the supernatural in its place : folklore, the hypermodern, and the ethereal
"I have another D/G pottering around in my brain" : identity construction on a Harry Potter fanfiction forum
Global entertainment media : a critical introduction
Fan fiction and copyright : outsider works and intellectual property protection
"When Arthur Conan Doyle killed off his fictional sleuth in the 1893 story "The Final Problem," distraught readers resorted to producing their own versions of Sherlock Holmes's adventures, thus inventing the now-common genre of fan fiction. These tales by famous and lesser-known devotees offer the best of early Sherlockian tributes and parodies. Editor Douglas G. Greene's informative Introduction provides background on each of the stories and their authors. The collection begins with Robert Barr's "The Great Pegram Mystery," a satire that appeared less than a year after the very first Holmes short story. Thirteen additional tales include Bret Harte's "The Stolen Cigar Case," praised by Ellery Queen as "one of the most devastating parodies" ever written about the Baker Street investigator; Mark Twain's "A Double-Barrelled Detective Story," featuring Holmes's nephew, Fetlock Jones; and "The Sleuths," by O. Henry, in which a bumbling New York private eye struggles to outshine a rival"
Fan culture : theory/practice
Drarry, Snarry and Snape: the queerest of the queer : heteronormativity and queer theory in Harry Potter slash fan fiction
