http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25147 services for older people
services for older people services for senior citizens services for the elderly
Housing for the elderly : planning and policy formulation in Western Europe and North America
Geriatric nursing research
Towards partnership? : studies on public-private collaboration in health and elderly care services in Finland
Mapping the value network potential in cross-sector collaboration : case welfare services for elderly
Elderly care in transition : management, meaning and identity at work : a Scandinavian perspective
National framework for high-quality services for older people
Incorporating cultural value into a service brand : strategic branding for ALV
Development project as driving change in elderly care
Vanhusten palveluasumisen yleiskuvaus = General description of sheltered housing for the elderly
Customer-oriented service in retirement homes
Rural health and aging research : theory methods and practical applications
Active ageing? : perspectives from Europe on a vaunted topic
The ethics of caring for older people
Care between work and welfare in European societies
Service design with theory : discussions on change, value and methods
Independent living market in Germany, UK, Italy, Belgium and the Netherlands
Assistive technology : matching device and consumer for successful rehabilitation
Developing services for the elderly
Planning Strategies for Home Care Services
Successful Service Development in  the Public Sector: a Case study of a Service Design  Project Carried out in Short-Term Care  Services in the Town of Turku
The aged and the society : some factors influencing the status of the aged in Finland
Ageing in place : potentials and restrictions : a case study of the living environment for older people in Oulu
Moving on from community care : the treatment, care and support of older people in England
Care as a site of political struggle
Elderly in home care : in municipalities Pello, Rantsila and Tervola in Northern Finland : report of sustainable rural health care networks project 1st June 2005 - 1st September 2007
The elderly in modern society
Links and balances between social and health services in care for the elderly : the Swedish case
The gerontological prism : developing interdisciplinary bridges
Lehmuskoti dementia unit : towards the symptoms-relieving environment
Abstract: Statistical yearbook on social welfare and health care 2001.
Home care and services for the aging people in Finland
Social services for older persons
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2010 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2010 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2010
A national ageing policy up to 2001 : report of the National Committee on Ageing Policy
Technology as a part of care service production : concept design case for Wiktio
Second wind
Designing wellbeing in elderly care homes
Services for independent living : proceedings of the COST 219 Seminar, Joensuu, Finland, June 20, 1995
Halfway down to solitude : ageing as the process of engagement/disengagement through social welfare in Finland / Erika Takahashi
Refurbishing elderly care : the new streams and organisational transformation in Finland and Japan
Towards holistic management of information within service networks : safety telephone services for ageing people
World report on ageing and health
The new aging : politics and change in America
Developing services for older people and their families
Community care for older people : a comparative perspective
Aging social policies : an international perspective
Service design in social robotics: Involving elderly care professionals into co-creation
Versions of care technology
Check Marks for the Knowledge of Ageing : Working for a Change in North Karelia!
The reminiscence handbook : ideas for creative activities with older people
The everyday life and bonds of the spousal care of the elderly.
Social protection for the elderly in Norway
Services for the elderly in Europe : a cross-national comparative study
Abstract: Homecare in change : a 15-year follow-up study in the organisation, content and quality of homecare in the City of Kuopio.
Societal mechanisms for maintaining competence in old age
Social work with old people
Social policies for the elderly in third world
Abstract (1 lehti). Summary (lehdet 27-33).
The book makes an original and innovative contribution to the study of child and elder care in that it analyses new tensions that are related to different types and dimensions of care in the context of recent welfare state reforms. It provides insight into the history of theoretical concepts related to care, and the theoretical framework of 'tensions'. Analyses relate to new tensions that are connected with different types of formal and informal child and elderly care, and with migration related to care. Also, tensions within care cultures, and between the cultural and the institutional framework of care are analysed. Moreover, it is shown if and under which conditions welfare state reforms have contributed to strengthen existing tensions or even to create new tensions, and under which conditions they have contributed to relax such tensions. The volume brings together high-ranking experts in the field of research on welfare and work from different disciplines and from different European countries.
Coordinating eldercare in the community : care management as a mode to implement welfare mix in Japan
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
Expectations and visions of elderly care among people aged 50-59 years : the report of transnational survey in Finland, the Netherlands, Poland and Hungary & The country report of Finland (in Finnish)
Environmental gerontology : making meaningful places in old age
Recognition of depressive elderly people in health care services
Building of community : guidelines of community work for Kontula center for the services of the elderly
Ageing in East Asia : challenges and policies for the twenty-first century
Falling is the main cause of domestic accidents and fatal injuries to seniors at home. In this paper, we describe the design process for a new pervasive technology (CIRDO). The aim of this technology is to detect falls (via audio and video sensors) and to alert the elderly's family or caregivers. Two complementary studies were performed. Firstly, the actual risk situations of older adults were analyzed. Secondly, social acceptance was investigated for the different homecare field stakeholders. Our results highlight the tensions among social actors towards the tool and their impacts on technology acceptance by the elderly. Also, we show a significant change in the fall process due to the device. In actuality, the social functions associated with CIRDO implementation and the necessity of iterative design processes suggest that the CIRDO system should be more flexible and versatile to better fit the risk behaviors of seniors that evolve using this device..
Family care of the elderly : social and cultural changes
Cost and service structure comparison of social welfare and health care services for the elderly in the five biggest cities in Finland, 1999. Part 1, Key findings
Social services for the elderly
Meeting the needs of the elderly : the impact of social cohesion and time available on assistance to the elderly
English summary.
Good practices and visions of the future of home care work in Bulgaria, Finland, Greece and Turkey : based on the EQUIP II project (2010-2012)
Family work with elderly people
Policy on ageing
The substitution issue : care policies and their consequences for family care
Detecting falls at home : User-centered design of a pervasive technology
Social protection for dependency in old age in the 15 EU member states and Norway : synthesis report commissioned by the European Commission and the Belgian Minister of Social Affairs
Elder abuse and neglect : causes, diagnosis, and intervention strategies
The political principle concerning services for older people in Finland emphasises home care. The public authority set the national targets concerning service provisions and attempts to encourage the older population to remain in their own homes for as long as possible. In this regard, the national government employs a typical sociological or gerontological concept, known as ageing in place. Although the structure of social and health care services significantly shifted to domiciliary services in the 1990s, Finland is still considered to maintain relatively institutionalised welfare programmes. Due to continual ageing and pressures to reduce expenditure on social services, it still remains unexplored as to what extent encouraging ageing in place is realistic from the aspect of the living environment.This study is conducted as a single case study focusing on sixteen local districts in the city of Oulu. The forty-three projects researched, covering all categories, namely residential homes, sheltered housing and rental accommodation for older people, and ranging from central location to suburban districts, are systematically analysed using the building permits and the collected data in addition to the researcher’s neighbourhood surveys. The collected data are primarily analysed in quantitative manners and measured in multi-disciplinary ways.The outcomes of the analysis overall suggest that the living standards of all the housing projects studied here do not necessarily help older residents to cope with every possible environmental problem while real meanings of diversity among the projects studied are considered to be rather limited regarding the aspect of the possible lifestyles of residents. The degree of the realisation of ageing in place depends on the definition of the concept adopted by the various stakeholders (national and local authorities, developers, service providers, older people). The realisation of ageing in place seems to require wider and deeper discussions.Discussion of the ageing-in-place concept points to a lack of preventative objectives which aims at minimising services by providing appropriate living settings for older people instead of pursuing the best combination of care services and accommodation. There are special roles which only housing facilities can address.
The whole municipality working together for older people : perspectives on the development of elderly people's independent living, care and services
