http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25125 B vitamins
B vitamins
Vitamin B12 deficiency in the aged : laboratory diagnosis, prevalence and clinical profile
Complementary and integrative terapies for psychiatric disorders
Depression, B vitamins and homocysteine
Thiamine-related regulation of metabolism and gene expression in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae
The role of riboflavin and niacin in vitamin B12 biosynthesis by Propionibacterium freudenreichii
"Improve your knowledge and treat patients with confidence using today's most advanced cosmeceutical treatments and expert guidance from author Zoe Diana Draelos, MD. Cosmeceuticals, 3rd Edition, a volume in the Procedures in Cosmetic Dermatology Series, covers cutting-edge content, keeping you up to date with developments in this rapidly-moving field so you can offer your patients the latest cosmeceutical therapies with optimal results." -- p. 4 of cover.
Eastern Finnish saccular intracranial aneurysm disease : role of type 2 diabetes and hypertension temporal pattern of incidence
HPLC analysis of vitamin B[sub 6] in foods
Investigations on the effect of vitamin B[sub 1] on the accommodation of man
Gel-based proteomic comparison of two strains of Propionibacterium freudenreichii ssp. shermanii
Fermentation fortification of active vitamin B12 in food matrices using Propionibacterium freudenreichii : analysis, production and stability
Biotin in animal nutrition
Molecular genetics of selective intestinal malabsorption of vitamin B12 : the Gräsbeck-Imerslund disease (megaloblastic anemia 1)
Development of dementia in mild cognitive impairment (MCI) patients with focus on B-vitamins
Assessment of Tunisian Trigonella foenum graecum diversity using seed vitamin B6, B1, B9 and C contents
The influence of fertilization and environment on some nutritionally important quality criteria in vegetables - a review of research in the Nordic countries
Folates in rye : determination and enhancement by food processing
Trigonella foenum graecum is used as spice and forage, and it is known for its therapeutic effects in traditional medicine. The seeds are rich in vitamins A, B and C. This work aims to study the diversity of 38 Tunisian Trigonella foenum graecum cultivars using seed vitamin B6, B1, B9 and C contents. Cultivars were collected from upper semi arid, sub humid and lower arid Tunisian bioclimatic stages. Vitamin contents of the seeds were analysed by HPLC. A variance analysis was assured with SPSS 16.0. Cultivar classification was obtained after the calculation of Mahalanobis distances between the pairs of cultivars by XlStat software. A principal compound analysis was done by StatBox software to verify the dendrogram clustering. Results showed significant variations in vitamins B6 (P<0.01), B9 (P<0.01), B1 (P<0.01) and C (P<0.01) between the studied cultivars. Dendrogram analysis revealed three clusters. The first cluster had quantities of vitamin B6 near to 0.0189 mg/g, B1 near to 0.0001 mg/g, B9 near to 0.002 mg/g and C near to 0.0025 mg/g. The second one recorded quantities (mg/g) of 0.029 for B6, 0.00026 for B9 and 0.0026 for C and no detectable quantities of B1. The last cultivar cluster reached vitamin contents (mg/g) of 0.068 for B6, 0.00019 for B9 and 0.0014 for C and no detectable quantities of B1. Principal component analysis confirmed this clustering and showed the same three clusters that were obtained by the dendrogram. Significant correlation between Mahalanobis distances matrix and geographic distances matrix was revealed by the test of Mantel (r=0.222; p=0.1x10⁻³ < 0.05).
Studies on the vitamin B[sup 12]-binding principle and other biocolloids of human gastric juice
Diet and depression : an epidemiological study
Requirements of vitamin A, iron, folate and vitamin B12 : report of a joint FAO/WHO expert consultation
Depressive symptoms, metabolic syndrome and diet
Vitamin B6 Meeting : International Congress on Chemical and Biological Aspects of Vitamin B6 Catalysis : programme and abstract book
The effect of 5,6-dimethylbenzimidazole on vitamin B12 synthesis and protein production in Propionibacterium freudenreichii ssp. freudenreichii
Maternal micronutrient deficiencies in early pregnancy and infant nutritional status in urban South India
Gel-based proteomic study on vitamin B12 producing P. freudenreichii ssp. shermanii
Long-term vitamin B[sub 6] status in lactating mothers and in their children : a follow-upp from infancy to 11 years of age
