http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25146 online visibility
online visibility
Crisis of Presence in Contemporary Culture
Translucent materials : glass, synthetic materials, metal
Online marketing help : how to promote your online business using Twitter, Facebook, MySpace and other social networks
Contemporary art and its commercial markets : a report on current conditions and future scenarios
Learn the secrets that search engines like and move your Web site to the top! What good is a great-looking Web site if your target audience can't find it? Make the most of social networking, get cool sites to link to yours, track your progress, and more!
Complete web monitoring
Social media marketing for dummies
Social media marketing : the next generation of business engagement
Codes of ethics in the age of sponsored content
Contesting media power : alternative media in a networked world
Google Analytics
Altmetrics for information professionals : past, present and future
Brandstorm : surviving and thriving in the new consumer-led marketplace
Use social media to find your dream job! : how to use LinkedIn, Google+, Facebook, Twitter and other social media in your job search
Online a lot of the time : ritual, fetish, sign
Digital decisions : how digital signage networks generate profit
The social employee : how great companies make social media work
Klout matters : how to engage customers, boost your digital influence - and raise your Klout score for success
"In the second collection of The Best Digital Marketing Campaigns in the World, bestselling author Damian Ryan presents an international showcase of the most successful digital marketing campaigns in recent history. Full of behind-the-scenes insights into campaign strategy, implementation and results, it explores how businesses and agencies large and small have harnessed social media, blogs, video, email, mobile and search to boost their brand and attract customers. Covering a wide range of world-class, award-winning campaigns including Redbull and Stratos, Evian's 31 ways to live young, and Students Beans' Freshers' Field, The Best Digital Marketing Campaigns in the World is an inspirational showcase of digital creativity and a must-read for everyone working in marketing and advertising"--
Get to the top on Google : tips and techiques to get your site to the top of the search engine rankings - and stay there
The art of SEO
Promotional tools of Internet : a starting point for energizing Finnish golfers to create traffic
Outsmarting Google
Digital Afterlife  : A General Overview
Stand out social marketing : 6 keys to rise above the noise, differentiate your brand and build an outstanding online presence
The regime of visibility
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2016 : Proceedings of the International Conference in Bilbao, Spain, February 2-5, 2016
Food and social media : you are what you tweet
Superconnect : how the best connections in business and life are the ones you least expect
The main objective of the study is to provide insight on how digital signage can create benefit and what can be done with the content to ensure its efficiency. Digital signage is a relatively new form of digital communication. Digital signage networks consists of displays, a content storage devices (media player), and some mechanism to manage and upload the content that appears on displays. The study is assigned by a Finnish digital signage solution developer and provider company First Technology Ltd. The company strives to alleviate the uncertainty of potential customers that are yet uncertain of the benefits of deploying a digital signage system by providing solid, fact-based answers, and by creating guidelines for efficient use of the network. Digital signage ROI is studied and measured by defining the profits of selling advertising space with a desk study. The effect of digital content to buying behavior is researched by an action research promotion study conducted in April 2012 with TOK Wine & Deli coffee shop and Sokos Wiklund displays. Some international studies have been made of digital signage effect on sales (such as Walmart SMART or Neo's Copp Pronto TV results), which will be taken into consideration to answer the questions of how to create better ROI for a digital signage system. The criteria behind effective digital signage content is studied with a content analysis executed with a web-based 3M Visual Attention Service software to analyze the effect of still images that are used on digital displays within selected FirstView customers. There are no similar studies made of usage and benefits of digital signage within the Finnish markets and within Finnish companies. The lack of studies is a disadvantage itself, but it also effects on the companies willingness to deploy and engage digital signage solutions as a part of their communication strategies. The study is limited to converse only on content production, digital signage ROI, and the effect of digital signage to buying behavior. The study does not take a stance on the actual hardware used, the amount, size, or type of the displays, or how and where the system is physically installed or who manages the content, which form of content is used, or which products are promoted on screens. As more institutions and companies come to realize the potential of digital signage network, their use will proliferate resulting that good and even great quality content will evidently get better. This study amongst others within the industry and topic of DS profitability and content efficiency verify the advantages of investing in a digital signage network and using its full capabilities in order to gain profits.
The internet of products : an approach to establishing total transparency in electronic markets
Open government : [collaboration, transparency, and participation in practice]
Blogging : how our private thoughts went public
Connected viewing : selling, streaming & sharing media in the digital era
Likeable social media : how to delight your customers, create an irresistible brand, and be generally amazing on facebook (& other social networks)
Creating your digital design portfolio : a practical guide to showcasing your work online
The reputation economy : how to optimize your digital footprint in a world where your reputation is your most valuable asset
How to make money with social media : an insider's guide on using new and emerging media to grow your business
The findability formula : the easy, non-technical approach to search engine marketing
Social media marketing : a strategic approach
Promoting and marketing events : theory and practice
UNESCO World Heritage Sites : self-published visual content in social media
A world without privacy : what law can and should do?
The reputation economy : how to optimise your digital footprint in a world where your reputation is your most valuable asset
From the publisher. The book shows readers, in a practical and comprehensive way, how to harness the power of digital media and use it to achieve the utmost success for their businesses. It explains how to choose online marketing channels in order to get products and services to market. It explores in detail such areas as search marketing, affiliate marketing, e-mail marketing, creative online executions, and digital marketing strategies.
Think before you engage : 100 questions to ask before starting a social media marketing campaign
Inbound marketing : get found using Google, social media, and blogs
We steal secrets : the story of Wikileaks
Understanding digital marketing : marketing strategies for engaging the digital generation
Digital reputation : characterizing and measuring reputation, reputation risk, and emotional responses to reputation in digital publicity : final report
This is your step-by-step guide to using Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest and YouTube to promote your business. In 10 quick and easy steps, you will learn how to use social media effectively, establish a simple marketing plan and measure the results of your efforts. You'll learn the basics of building profile pages, and how to create appropriate content that can be accessed by thousands of potential customers. This new edition is packed full of tips, traps to avoid and social media success stories, plus information on the newer platforms including Vine and Instagram. Social media is a low-cost marketing strategy that can be a huge bonus to small businesses. With the right technique, you can get to know your customers better, and expand your networks without breaking the bank, all while retaining full control over your message. Marketing with Social Media shows you how best to shape your social media strategy to suit your particular business, with practical advice and expert insight into the components of a successful campaign.
A complete must-read guide for anyone wanting to turn their hobby, craft or art skills into a successful business. Covering everything you ever wanted to know, Fiona gives clear, simple advice on the importance of identifying markets, focusing on a USP, assessing the competition, making sure the price is right and setting goals. The book includes sections on product photography, branding. and legal matters. The book has particular emphasis on online selling, with detailed information on markets, blogging, using social media and the importance of analytics and SEO (search engine optimisation). Information on offline selling is included too, with notes on on selling at craft fairs, trade fairs and markets, selling through retail outlets, running courses and workshops, and featuring work in the media.
Google secrets : do what you never thought possible with Google
As patterns of media use become more integrated with mobile technologies and multiple screens, a new mode of viewer engagement has emerged in the form of connected viewing, which allows for an array of new relationships between audiences and media texts in the digital space. This exciting new collection brings together twelve original essays that critically engage with the socially-networked, multi-platform, and cloud-based world of today, examining the connected viewing phenomenon across television, film, video games, and social media. The result is a wide-ranging analysis of shifting business models, policy matters, technological infrastructure, new forms of user engagement, and other key trends affecting screen media in the digital era. Connected Viewing contextualizes the dramatic transformations taking place across both media industries and national contexts, and offers students and scholars alike a diverse set of methods and perspectives for studying this critical moment in media culture.
The boomer's ultimate guide to social media marketing : learn how to navigate the digital highway
Ultimate guide to Twitter for business
A quick start guide to Google AdWords : how to get your product to the top of Google and reach your customers
Working the crowd : social media marketing for business
Camgirls : celebrity & community in the age of social networks
The best digital marketing campaigns in the world II
Social media marketing all-in-one for dummies
Distributed leadership and the visibility/invisibility paradox in on-line communities
Your Google game plan for success : increasing your web presence with Google Adwords, Analytics and Website Optimizer
Inbound marketing : get found using  Google, social media, and blogs
Discover how visitors use and interact with your site through web analytics, segmentation, conversions, and user interaction analysis.  Find out your market's motivations with voice-of-the-customer research.  Measure the health and availability of your website with synthetic testing and real-user monitoring.  Track communities related to your online presence, including social networks, forums, blogs, microblogs, wikis, and social news aggregators.  Understand how to assemble this data into clear reports tailored to your organization and audience.
Media accountability is back on the political agenda. Debates about the phone-hacking scandal at Rupert Murdoch's News of the World have shown that the need for free and responsible journalism is more pressing than ever. Opinions, however, differ on the measures that need to be taken. Do existing structures of media accountability - such as press councils, codes of ethics, and ombudspersons - suffice, or do we urgently need new instruments and initiatives in today's converging media world? These questions were tackled in an international survey of 1,800 journalists in twelve European and two Arab states conducted by the EU-funded research project, Media Accountability and Transparency in Europe (MediaAct). The results provide a solid empirical basis for the discussions taking place. This book advances research on media accountability and transparency, and also offers innovative perspectives for newsrooms, media policy-makers, and journalism educators. Its systematic comparative design makes it an unprecedented venture in international journalism studies.
Revealing privacy : debating the understandings of privacy
Craft a creative business : making & marketing a successful creative business
Professional learning in the digital age : the educator's guide to user-generated learning
"Rank higher in search results with this guide to SEO and content building supremacyGoogle is not only the number one search engine in the world, it is also the number one website in the world. Only 5 percent of site visitors search past the first page of Google, so if you're not in those top ten results, you are essentially invisible. Winning the Game of Googleopoly is the ultimate roadmap to Page One Domination. The POD strategy is what gets you on that super-critical first page of Google results by increasing your page views. You'll learn how to shape your online presence for Search Engine Optimization, effectively speaking Google's language to become one of the top results returned for relevant queries. This invaluable resource provides a plan that is universal to any business in any industry, and provides expert guidance on tailoring the strategy to best suit your organization.Coverage includes an explanation of the mechanics of a search, and how to tie your website, paid ads, online reputation, social media, content, images, and video into a winning SEO strategy that pushes you to the front of the line.The Page One Domination strategy incorporates all the ways in which you can beef up your Internet presence and online reputation. This book is a clear, straightforward guide that will knock down the silos of the Internet and teach you exactly how to integrate all aspects of content creation into a synergistic, SEO strategy. Understand how search engines return results Design an effective, all-encompassing SEO strategy Create the content that gets page views and improves rank Optimize social media and video as part of an overall SEO plan The rules of SEO are always changing, and following outdated rules can actually work against you, burying you at the bottom of the pile.This book will spark a paradigm shift in how you think about SEO and gives you the tools you need to craft a strategy tailored to your specific market. To be successful, you need to be on page one of Google, and Winning the Game of Googleopoly can show you how to get there"--
Marketing with social media : 10 easy steps to success for
The best digital marketing campaigns in the world: mastering the art of customer engagement
Local online advertising for dummies
Challenging the status and constructing the culture of an indigenous group : attention paid to YLE Sápmi radio digital news in Finland
"Recent revelations about America's National Security Agency offer a stark reminder of the challenges posed by the rise of the digital age for American law. These challenges refigure the meaning of autonomy and the meaning of the word "social" in an age of new modalities of surveillance and social interaction, as well as new reproductive technologies and the biotechnology revolution. Each of these developments seems to portend a world without privacy, or at least a world in which the meaning of privacy is radically transformed, both as a legal idea and a lived reality. Each requires us to rethink the role that law can and should play in responding to today's threats to privacy. Can the law keep up with emerging threats to privacy? Can it provide effective protection against new forms of surveillance? This book offers some answers to these questions. It considers several different understandings of privacy and provides examples of legal responses to the threats to privacy associated with new modalities of surveillance, the rise of digital technology, the excesses of the Bush and Obama administrations, and the continuing war on terror"--
Facebook marketing for dummies
How to measure social media : a step-by-step guide to developing and assessing social media ROI
Search engine optimization for dummies
"Recent revelations about America's National Security Agency offer a stark reminder of the challenges posed by the rise of the digital age for American law. These challenges refigure the meaning of autonomy and the meaning of the word "social" in an age of new modalities of surveillance and social interaction, as well as new reproductive technologies and the biotechnology revolution. Each of these developments seems to portend a world without privacy, or at least a world in which the meaning of privacy is radically transformed, both as a legal idea and a lived reality"--
Digital afterlife : a general overview
Reforming European data protection law
Ecommerce inbound marketing : how to sell better than Amazon
How to get your website noticed
The viral video manifesto : why everything you know is wrong and how to do what really works
Klout for dummies
Journalists and media accountability : an international study of news people in the digital age
Win the game of Googleopoly : unlocking the secret strategy of search engines
Start your own e-business : your step-by-step guide to success
