http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25140 positive psychology
positive psychology
Activities for teaching positive psychology : a guide for instructors
Positive organizational behavior
Paths to the highest scores in the Finnish matriculation examination as described by straight-a graduates.
Positive psychology as social change
Exploring positive identities and organizations : building a theoretical and research foundation
Does it pay to stay positive? : Predicting success in new firm formation
Positive psychology and change: how leadership, collaboration and appreciative inquiry create transformational results
Self-esteem and positive psychology : research, theory, and practice
"Teaching and Learning from Within brings together theory, research, and practice on core reflection, an approach that focuses on people's strengths as the springboard for personal growth and serves every human being involved in education, including students, teachers, school principals, and university faculty. This approach supports the essential role of authenticity in the development of the whole person. It has been used in contexts around the world and has shown great promise in helping to re-chart the course for education and to re-think its purpose in global and democratic societies. The book looks at the current educational context and the need for core reflection; introduces the theory and its linkages to previous studies in numerous disciplines; presents various applications in multinational research and practice with teachers, with students and schools, and with teacher educators; and highlights ongoing work in around the world along with future plans, opportunities, and resources for professional development and research."--
Creating happiness at the workplace : case Mindvalley
"This book aims to develop new methodology for the study of International Relations based on joy, informed by current thinking about physics and feminist theory. It examines how the mechanistic-deterministic worldview derived from the Newtonian model has influenced the epistemology and methodology of IR (i.e., the idea that the world is constituted of independent fragments), and seeks ways to develop a new methodology for IR by drawing on the potential of a non-fragmented worldview. The author argues that it is this modern Western view of human beings (or societies) as isolated and separate from the world that prevents IR from finding new solutions to the questions of war and conflict. Drawing upon case studies and examples from film, this book instead proposes joy as an alternative methodology for studying IR, exploring the possibility of self-healing in physical and emotional trauma in extreme violent conditions.The author also discusses how quantum theory contributes to positive psychology in understanding happiness and empowerment, and demonstrates how these findings can further widen the study of IR. This book will be of much interest to students of gender studies, war and conflict studies, IR theory and critical security studies"--
Religion, spirituality, and positive psychology : understanding the psychological fruits of faith
The process of becoming a top worker
Roughly 54 million people with disabilities live in the U.S., and there are many more millions of people with disabilities around the world. Not surprisingly, differences among people with disabilities are often as notable as differences between people with and without disabilities. And, while the lack of homogeneity among people with disabilities makes creating a valid taxonomy under this term difficult if not impossible, there is commonality among people with disabilities that justifies an authoritative resource on positive psychology and disability; that is, they have experienced discrimination and marginalization as a function of their disability. This volume assembles chapters by leading scholars in disability and positive psychology to provide a comprehensive synthesis of the state of the field. Chapters are organized into thematic sections, beginning with an introductory section on overarching themes in positive psychology and disability. The second section highlights the application of positive psychological constructs to disability. These constructs includes quality of life, self-determination, adaptive behavior, optimism, hope, problem solving, forgiveness, gratitude, and spirituality. The following section addresses systemic issues in disability that impact on positive psychology, again turning to disciplines beyond psychology (special education, rehabilitation sciences, and family and disability policy) to address areas in which positive psychology can be applied. A fourth section examines positive psychology in populations with specific disabilities, including physical disabilities, cognitive and developmental disabilities, severe multiple disabilities, emotional and behavioral disabilities, and autism spectrum disorders. Disability has always been associated with "differentness" and, consequently, people with disabilities have throughout time been treated as such. As the first handbook to consider disa
Meaning in positive and existential psychology
Applied positive psychology : improving everyday life, health, schools, work, and society
Positive psychological assessment : a handbook of models and measures
Growing up happy
Oxford handbook of methods in positive psychology
Hope in the age of anxiety
Pursuing the good life : 100 reflections on positive psychology
How to overcome bullying at school? : the adult survivors' perspective
The positive psychology of meaning & spirituality : selected papers from meaning conferences
Average to A+ : realising strengths in yourself and others
The best within us : positive psychology perspectives on eudaimonia
Positive psychology in SLA
Counseling Psychology: An Integrated Positive Approach introduces a new dimension in counseling psychology which includes both symptom treatment and positive psychology; this unique approach guides readers to enhance clients positive potential, rather than focusing solely on the treatment of clients negative symptoms.
"The best customer for any business is a happy customer. He returns again and again, brings his friends and relatives, and his loyalty becomes a marketing platform of its own. But growing a loyal base is challenging, and what works brilliantly for one company might backfire on another. Over the last ten years, however, researchers and psychologists have begun to seriously measure what triggers happiness for the first time, and in this revealing look at the commercial power of positive psychology Columbia business professor Bernd Schmitt explores how marketers and brand managers can harness customer emotion through one of three approaches: The Feel Good Method: Hook customers through the experience of pleasure and positive emotions, and let those feel-good moments transform a once-in-a-blue-moon customer to a committed loyalist. The Meaningful Method: Engage customers through core values, including family, social responsibility, or the environment to attract passionate customers to your business. The Learning and Growing Method: Help your customers achieve personal growth by making your product an indispensable part of their individual development. Schmitt shows marketers and brand managers how to determine which of these best fits their company and how to turn this insight into an authentic and successful campaign that will reach, grow, and sustain a loyal base of customers. "--
Work engagement : psychometrical, psychosocial, and psychophysiological approach
Positive emotion : integrating the light sides and dark sides
Tales for coaching : using stories and metaphors with individuals and small groups
Advances in flow research
Understanding happiness : a critical review of positive psychology
Practicing positive psychology coaching : assessment, activities, and strategies for success
Positive psychology : theory, research and applications
Well-being : the foundations of hedonic psychology
"Everyone cares about positive emotion and what makes us happy. But do we really know both sides of the story about our most treasured feelings? This comprehensive volume provides the first account of the light and the dark sides of positive emotion, and how they can help us and sometimes even hurt us"--
The happiness advantage : the seven principles that fuel success and performance at work
Positive psychology : the science of happiness and human strengths
Appreciative Intelligence provides a new answer to what enables successful people to dream up their extraordinary and innovative ideas; why employees, partners, colleagues, investors, and other stakeholders join them on the path to their goals, and how they achieve these goals despite obstacles and challenges. It is not simple optimism. People with appreciative intelligence are realistic and action oriented--they have the ability not just to identify positive potential, but to devise a course of action to take advantage of it. Drawing on their own original research and recent discoveries in psychology and cognitive neuroscience, Thatchenkery and Metzker outline the evidence for appreciative intelligence, detail its specific characteristics, and show how you can develop this skill and use it in your own life and work. They show how the most successful leaders are able to spread appreciative intelligence throughout an organization, and they offer tools and exercises you can use to increase your own level of appreciative intelligence and so become more creative, resilient, successful, and personally fulfilled.
The collected works of Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi. [2], Flow and the foundations of positive psychology
Handbook of positive psychology in schools
Encyclopedia of positive psychology
Handbook of positive emotions
"Economic collapse, poverty, disease, natural disasters, the constant threat of community unrest and international terrorism - a quick look at any newspaper is enough to cause almost anyone to feel trapped and desparate. Yet the recent election also revealed a growing search for hope spreading through society. In the timely Hope in the Age of Anxiety, Anthony Scioli and Henry Biller illuminate the nature of hope and offer a multitude of techniques designed to improve the lives of individuals, and bring more light into the world. In this fascinating and humane book, Scioli and Biller reveal the ways in which human beings acquire and make use of hope. Hope in the Age of Anxiety is meant to be a definitive guide. The evolutionary, biological, and cultural roots of hope are covered along with the seven kinds of hope found in the world's religions. Just as vital, the book provides many personal tools for addressing the major challenges of the human condition: fear, loss, illness, and death. Some of the key areas illuminated in Hope in the Age of Anxiety: How do you build and sustain hope in trying times? How can hope help you to achieve your life goals? How can hope improve your relationships with others? How can hope aid your recovery from trauma or illness? How does hope relate to spirituality? Hope in the Age of Anxiety identifies the skills needed to cultivate hope, and offers suggestions for using these capacities to realize your life goals, support health and healing, strengthen relationships, enhance spirituality, and inoculate yourself against the despair that engulfs many individuals." -- (Oxford University Press)
Teaching and learning from within : a core reflection approach to quality and inspiration in education
Psychometrics in coaching : using psychological and psychometric tools for development
Faith from a positive psychology perspective
Positive psychology at work : how positive leadership and appreciative inquiry create inspiring organizations
The Oxford handbook of happiness
Positive Psychology in Practice, Second Edition moves beyond the theoretical to show how positive psychology is being used in real-world settings, and the new directions emerging in the field. An international team of contributors representing the best and brightest in the discipline review the latest research, discuss how the findings are being used in practice, explore new ideas for application, and discuss focus points for future research. This updated edition contains new chapters that explore the intersection between positive psychology and humanistic psychology, salugenesis, hedonism, and eudaimonism, and more, with deep discussion of how the field is integrating with the new areas of self-help, life coaching, social work, rehabilitation psychology, and recovery-oriented service systems.This book explores the challenges and opportunities in the field, providing readers with the latest research and consensus on practical application. Get up to date on the latest research and practice findings Integrate positive psychology into assessments, life coaching, and other therapies Learn how positive psychology is being used in schools Explore possible directions for new research to push the field forward Positive psychology is being used in areas as diverse as clinical, counseling, forensic, health, educational, and industrial/organizational settings, in a wide variety of interventions and applications.
This is the story of one school's development of a more holistic approach to education, with student wellbeing at its heart. Developed from the science of positive psychology, positive education aims to teach children, young people, and adults the skills and mindsets that will enable them to live flourishing, fulfilling, and resilient lives. This book explores the introduction of this ground-breaking programme within the context of Geelong Grammar School's liberal, holistic education philosophy.
Why are some people able to make positive change while others remain the same? In his international bestseller, The Happiness Advantage, Harvard trained researcher Shawn Achor described why happiness is the precursor to greater success. This book is about what comes before both. Because before we can be happy or successful, we need to first develop the ability to see that positive change is possible. Only once we learn to see the world through a more positive lens can we summon all our motivation, emotion, and intelligence to achieve our personal and professional goals. In Before Happiness, Achor reveals five actionable, proven strategies for changing our lens to positive: · The Most Valuable Reality: See a broader range of ideas and solutions by changing the details on which your brain chooses to focus · Success Mapping: Set goals oriented around the things in life that matter to you most, whether career advancement or family or making a difference in the world · The X-spot: Use success accelerants to propel you more quickly towards those goals, whether finishing a marathon, reaching a sales target, learning a language, or losing 10 pounds · Noise-Canceling: Boost the signal pointing you to opportunities and possibilities that others miss · Positive Inception: Transfer these skills to your team, your employees, and everyone around you By mastering these strategies, you’ll create an renewable source of positivity, motivation, and engagement that will allow you to reach your fullest potential in everything you do.
Well-being and work : towards a balanced agenda
Manage your anger
The good life : unifying the philosophy and psychology of well-being
The basics of caring research
Positive psychology in practice : promoting human flourishing in work, health, education, and everyday life
A taxonomy of optimal experiences : a conceptual enquiry into three times of positive psychology
Before happiness : 5 actionable strategies to create a positive path to success
Positive education : the Geelong Grammar School journey
The human quest for meaning : theories, research, and applications
Appreciative intelligence : seeing the mighty oak in the acorn
A psychologist explains how to create a richer, healthier, more fulfilling life through a process called the upward spiral that incorporates innovative techniques for using positivity to influence relationships, health, and work.
"There has been an explosion of interest on happiness and positive emotion in both the scientific literature and the popular press. While positive emotion is generally considered a source of good outcomes, recent scientific work in psychology has highlighted the ways in which positive emotion facilitates the pursuit of important goals, contributes to vital social bonds, broadens our scope of attention, and increases psychological and physical well-being. But this wave of interest in positive psychology has to date neglected another important possibility regarding positive emotion--that it may, under certain conditions, be maladaptive. Here, Gruber and Moskowitz propose that the field is now ripe to consider the costs, and not just the benefits, of positive emotion. This book offers the first comprehensive exploration of this phenomenon. It offers a comprehensive summary of current theoretical and empirical work on positive emotion and provides empirical examples of the 'light side' or adaptive benefits of positive emotion according to the degree, context (health, social relationships, coping), and type of adaptive outcome. It also provides empirical examples of the 'dark side' or maladaptive aspects of positive emotion organized according to the degree, context, type and reasons for pursuing positive emotion in healthy and clinical populations. It discusses therapeutic applications regarding how to cultivate and foster healthy positive emotion, and suggests future research to better understand the nature of positive emotion"--
Neuroscientist Dr Jenny Barnett, and teacher and mum Alexia Barrable describe scientifically-proven methods by which children's happiness can be boosted in just a few minutes each day. With easy-to-use activities for toddlers through to teenagers, this book steers the reader through simple and practical ways, grounded in scientific research, to enhance children's - and adults' - day-to-day happiness.
Oxford handbook of positive psychology and work
Joy and international relations : a new methodology
Applied positive psychology : integrated positive practice
Presents the coverage of the relatively new area of positive psychology. Topically organized, this book looks at how positive psychology relates to stresses and health within such traditional research areas as developmental, clinical, personality, motivational, social, and behavioral psychology.
The Oxford handbook of positive psychology and disability
Positive psychology
Psychological selection and optimal experience across cultures : social empowerment through personal growth
Mastering self-motivation : bringing together the academic and popular literature
Virtues and vices in positive psychology : a philosophical critique
Promoting student happiness : positive psychology interventions in schools
Positive criminology : reflections on care, belonging and security
Oxford handbook of positive psychology
Second wave positive psychology : embracing the dark side of life
Rethinking visual art practice in relation to well-being : a conceptual analysis
Go put your strengths to work : 6 powerful steps to achieve outstanding performance
Does success at work produce well-being and happiness or vice versa?
Dealing with organizational behaviour, this title constitutes the study of positive human strengths and competencies, how it can be facilitated, assessed and managed to improve performance in the workplace. It is suitable for those who is interested in extending their knowledge of this field.
Back to life : how to use positive psychology to beat anorexia?
Before happiness : the 5 hidden keys to achieving success, spreading happiness, and sustaining positive change
Emotional well-being in educational policy and practice : interdisciplinary perspectives
Science and philosophy study well-being with different but complementary methods. Marry these methods and a new picture emerges: To have well-being is to be "stuck" in a positive cycle of emotions, attitudes, traits and success. This book unites the scientific and philosophical worldviews into a powerful new theory of well-being.
Grounded in cutting-edge research, this book shows how interventions targeting gratitude, kindness, character strengths, optimistic thinking, hope, and healthy relationships can contribute to improved academic and social outcomes in grades 3-12. It provides a 10-session manual for promoting subjective well-being--complete with vivid case examples--that can be implemented with individuals, small groups, or whole classes. Factors that predict youth happiness are discussed, evidence-based assessment tools presented, and ways to involve teachers and parents described. In a large-size format with lay-flat binding for easy photocopying, the volume includes 40 reproducible handouts and forms. Purchasers get access to a companion website where they can download and print these materials, plus online-only fidelity checklists and parent and teacher notes.
What children need to be happy, confident and successful : step by step positive psychology to help children flourish
Positive psychology is the scientific study of how human beings prosper and thrive. This is the first book in SLA dedicated to theories in positive psychology and their implications for language teaching, learning and communication. Chapters examine the characteristics of individuals, contexts and relationships that facilitate learning: positive emotional states such as love, enjoyment and flow, and character traits such as empathy, hardiness and perseverance. The contributors present several innovative teaching ideas to bring out these characteristics among learners. The collection thus blends new teaching techniques with cutting-edge theory and empirical research undertaken using qualitative, quantitative and mixed-methods approaches. It will be of interest to SLA researchers, graduate students, trainee and experienced teachers who wish to learn more about language learning psychology, individual differences, learner characteristics and new classroom practices.
Integrating technology in positive psychology practice
What is the Recipe of Success at Work? :  Employee Perceptions from a Finnish Telecom Company
Positive psychology of love
Positive psychology : the science of human flourishing
The Oxford handbook of positive psychology and work
Counseling psychology : an integrated positive psychological approach
The Wiley Blackwell handbook of positive psychological interventions
Flourish ; a visionary new understanding of happiness and well-being
Advances in positive organizational psychology
What kind of employees become awarded as Employees of the Year in Finland?
"This volume, Meaning in Positive and Existential Psychology is a timely and engaging exploration of these contrasting, but potentially reconcilable, orientations. It raises questions that have wide ranging academic, clinical and personal significance a volume such as this, written by some of the most influential figures in positive psychology, is very much welcomed. But it also gives equal voice to the existentialists and this is where the volume has a distinctive strength" - From the Foreword by Professor Brian R. Little, Ph.D. C.Psychol. FBPsS, Distinguished Scholar, Department of Psychology and Fellow, Well-Being Institute, Cambridge University Meaning in Positive and Existential Psychology presents a broad overview of contemporary empirical research and theoretical work on the meaning/purpose in life construct from two perspectives - Positive psychology and Existential psychology. Although they may have common ground, these perspectives have only recently come into fruitful dialogue. They may, in fact, be viewed as more complementary than strictly opposing. Positive psychology's focus on human strengths tends to emphasize the brighter side of human functioning, whereas existential psychology, traditionally, tends to address the more unsettling aspects of human existence, such as guilt, suffering, and mortality. Despite their different approaches, both positive and existential psychology have come to view meaning and meaning awareness as central psychological (and philosophical) factors, relevant both for human striving and for human coping. Written by an international and interdisciplinary assembly of leading researchers in existential and positive psychology and related disciplines, this book includes twenty-one chapters on current trends and topics in meaning oriented clinical and theoretical psychology. Among the topics covered: A dialogue between positive and existential psychology on: Conceptualizations of meaning Clinical utilizations of meaning Meaning Oriented Meaning and mortality Meaning and challenging life events Benefits of meaning-oriented living Meaning and existential anxiety Intellectually rich and empirically robust, Meaning in Positive and Existential Psychology is breakthrough reading for instructors and students, psychotherapists, clinical, social, existential, and positive psychologists and psychiatrists, philosophers, and interested general readers.
Happy customers everywhere : how your business can profit from the insights of positive psychology
Great days at work : how positive psychology can transform your working life
A guide to using extracts from literature, anecdote and metaphor to help coach staff, either individually or in groups. Tales for Coaching comes complete with 50 tales that managers can use immediately, ranging from Aesop through Stephen Covey to anecdotes the author has written herself.
Positive psychology : a Critical Introduction
Positive psychology : the scientific and practical explorations of human strengths
