http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2513 wood-decaying fungi
wood-decaying fungi
Changbai wood-rotting fungi. 14, A new pleurotoid species Panellus edulis
Aerial distribution of the Root-rot fungus Fomes annosus (Fr.) Cooke in Finland
The Mycota : a comprehensive treatise on fungi as experimental systems for basic and applied research. Volume 4, Environmental and microbial relationships
Short-term effects of prescribed burning on wood-rotting fungi
Two ex situ fungal technologies to treat contaminated soil
The fungi
Prevention of decay of wood in boats
Effects of climate, wood quality and fungal diversity on coarse wood decomposition of Scots pine
Abstract.
Ecology, environmental requirements and conservation of corticioid fungi occupying small diameter dead wood
Bacteria and their effect on the microflora in wounds of living Norway spruce
Measuring and modelling airborne dispersal in wood decay fungi
The relatedness of the Italian F intersterility group of Heterobasidion annosum with the S group, as revealed by RAPD assay
Cost-efficiency of decaying wood as a surrogate of overall species richness in boreal forests
Suomen kääpien määritysopas = Guide to the polypores of Finland
Ecological impacts of Phlebiopsis gigantea biocontrol treatment against Heterobasidion spp. as revealed by fungal community profiling and population analyses
Fungal strategies of wood decay in trees
Community structure and dynamics of wood-rotting Basidiomycetes on decomposing conifer trunks in northern Finland
Lignin-degrading activity and ligninolytic enxymes of different white-rot fungi : effects of manganese and malonate
Communities of wood-inhabiting fungi : ecological requirements and responses to forest management and fragmentation
The efficacy and potential risks of controlling sprouting in Finnish birches (Betula spp.) with the fungal decomposer Chondrostereum purpureum
Insects in wood-decaying fungi : ecology, diversity and response to forest management
The impacts of forestry on polyporous fungi in boreal forests
Double-stranded RNA elements in the root rot fungus Heterobasidion annosum
Communities of wood-inhabiting fungi : ecological requirements and responses to forest management and ragmentation
Degradation and conversion of lignin, lignin-related aromatic compounds and lignocellulose by selected white-rot fungi
Developing tools for biodiversity surveys : studies with wood-inhabiting fungi
Tiivistelmä (Abstract in Finnish)
Tanzanian mushrooms : edible, harmful and other fungi
Ligninolytic system of the white-rot fungus Phlebia radiata : lignin model compound studies
Natural antagonists to Heterobasidion annosum
Fungi and lignocellulosic biomass
Ligninolytic enzymes of the basidiomycetous fungi Agaricus bisporus and Phlebia radiata on lignocellulose-containing media
Dispersal ecology and conservation of wood-decay fungi
"Fossils document the existence of trees and wood-associated organisms from almost 400 million years ago, and today there are between 400,000 and 1 million wood-inhabiting species in the world. This is the first book to synthesise the natural history and conservation needs of wood-inhabiting organisms. Presenting a thorough introduction to biodiversity in decaying wood, the book studies the rich diversity of fungi, insects and vertebrates that depend upon dead wood. It describes the functional diversity of these organisms and their specific habitat requirements in terms of host trees, decay phases, tree dimensions, microhabitats and the surrounding environment. Recognising the threats posed by timber extraction and forest management, the authors also present management options for protecting and maintaining the diversity of these species in forests as well as in agricultural landscapes and urban parks".
The white-rot fungi Phlebia radiata and Dichomitus squalens in wood-based cultures : expression of laccases, lignin peroxidases, and oxalate decarboxylase
Saproxylic beetles (Coleoptera) on dead birch trunks decayed by different polypore species
Resumen (Abstract in Spanish)
Enzymatic plant cell wall degradation by the white rot fungus Dichomitus squalens
Monitoring of fungal growth and degradation of wood
Causal agents of butt-rot in Norway spruce in southern Finland
Pathogenomics of the Heterobasidion species : functional analysis of the HaHOG1 MAP kinase
Early microbial community development in stems of Picea abies inoculated with characterised decay fungi, non-decay fungi and bacteria
Polypore diversity of Fenglin Nature Reserve, northeastern China
The effects of forest-fuel harvesting on fungi in boreal forests
Summary.
Polypore (Basidiomycetes) species richness and community composition in old-growth boreal forests of northeastern Finland and adjacent Russian Karelia
Biodiversity in dead wood
Changbai wood-rotting fungi 5. Study on Polyporus mongolicus and P. tubaeformis
Characterization of the lignin-modifying enzymes of the selective white-rot fungus Physisporinus rivulosus
Molecular analysis of the interaction between white rot pathogen (Rigidoporus microporus) and rubber tree (Hevea brasiliensis)
Changbai wood-rotting fungi 2. Postia amylocystis (Basidiomycetes), a new polypore species
Saproxylic beetles (Coleoptera) on dead birch trunks dacayed by different polypore species
Selective replacement between species of wood-rotting basidiomycetes : a laboratory study
Changbai wood-rotting fungi 4. Some species described by A. S. Bondartsev and L. V. Lyubarsky from the Russian Far East
The biocontrol agent phlebiopsis gigantea : efficacy and impacts on the stump bacterial biota and conifer tree defences
Steccherinum tenuispinum (Polyporales, Basidiomycota), a new species from Russia, and notes on three other species
Molds, mushrooms and mycotoxins
Polypores of the Białowieża forest
The effect of nickel contamination on the growth of litter-decomposing fungi, extracellular enzyme activities and toxicity in soil
What was behind the bark? : an assessment of decay among urban Tilia, Betula and Acer trees felled as hazardous in the Helsinki City area
Introductory mycology
The biocontrol agent Phlebiopsis gigantea : efficacy of impacts on the stump bacterial biota and conifer tree defences
Luonnontuotealan valtakunnallinen tutkimusseminaari : 5.10.2010 Joensuu, Itä-Suomen yliopisto = Proceedings of the national research seminar on nature products, Joensuu, October 5, 2010
Environmental impact of using Phlebiopsis gigantea in stump treatment against Heterobasidion annosum sensu lato and screening root endophytes to identify other novel control agents
Fungal facts : solving fungal problems in heritage collections
Degradation of recalcitrant biopolymers and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by litter-decomposing basidiomycetous fungi
Wood-rotting Aphyllophorales (Basidiomycetes) on aspen (Populus tremula) in managed and old-groth forests of Kainuu, eastern Finland
Co-variation and indicators of species diversity : can richness of forest-dwelling species be predicted in northern boreal forests?
Wood microbiology : decay and its prevention
Changbai wood-rotting fungi 3. The genus Phellinidium (Basidiomycetes), and a new species, P. aciferum
