http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25117 artistic identity
artistic identity
Acting is believing
The agony of modern music
In-between dance cultures : on the migratory artistic identity of Sidi Larbi Cherkaoui and Akram Khan
Artistic citizenship : artistry, social responsibility, and ethical praxis
Artist, works and style : a look at Hugo Simberg / Arto Haapala
The renaissance workshop / edited by David Saunders, Marika Spring and Andrew Meek
This work considers the visual conventions of Japanese comic books and animated films, Miyazaki's early foray into comic books and animation, the Studio Ghibli era, and the company's development. It analyzes all of Miyazaki's productions between 1984 and 2004, including such hits as My Neighbor Totoro.
In the studio with Joyce Piven : theatre games, story theatre and text work for actors
Inclusive arts practice and research : a critical manifesto
Living in squares, loving in triangles : the lives and loves of Virginia Woolf and the Bloomsbury Group
Breakfast at Sotheby's : an A-Z of the art world
The playwright's art : conversations with contemporary American dramatists
Inclusive Arts Practice and Research interrogates an exciting and newly emergent field: the creative collaborations between learning-disabled and non-learning-disabled artists which are increasingly taking place in performance and the visual arts. In Inclusive Arts Practice Alice Fox and Hannah Macpherson interview artists, curators and key practitioners in the UK and US. The authors introduce and articulate this new practice, and situate it in relation to associated approaches. Fox and Macpherson candidly describe the tensions and difficulties involved too, and explore how the work sits within contemporary art and critical theory. The book inhabits the philosophy of Inclusive Arts practice: with Jo Offer, Alice Fox and Kelvin Burke making up the design team behind the striking look of the book. The book also includes essays and illustrated statements, and has over 100 full-colour images. Inclusive Arts Practice represents a landmark publication in an emerging field of creative practice across all the arts. It presents a radical call for collaboration on equal terms and will be an invaluable resource for anyone studying, researching or already working within this dynamic new territory.
The changing status of the artist / edited by Emma Barker, Nick Webb, and Kim Woods
Imaginative Bodies contains a series of in-depth conversations with dancers and choreographers, composers, visual artists, Hip Hop artists, dramaturgs, a lighting designer and a puppeteer. The overall theme is defined by the body, both in relation to the place it takes in the artist's work, and in relation to wider debates on the body in philosophy, science, medicine, anthropology, and the arts. Depending on the affinities of the artist, a more specific theme has been defined for each dialogue, ranging from poetics to politics, from mythology to ecology, from intercultural studies to conflict management. The associative chains of thoughts of these talks give an intimate insight into the creative process, inspirations, sources, identity, and ways of collaborating. It is through the sentient body that we experience, know and imagine. Imaginative Bodies reaffirms the central position of the body in many artistic practices.
Belgian-Moroccan Sidi Larbi Cherkaoui and British-Bengali Akram Khan are two of today's most prolific choreographers. Given their respective backgrounds and the practices they pursue, their artistic universes are largely built around their identity in-between dance cultures. Guy Cools who accompanied both, situates their work within the larger critical debate on the (post)modern and (post-)migrant identity. Cools details some of their iconic choreographic pieces. In-Between Dance Cultures offers a complementary view on questions of cultural identity taking the contemporary dancer's somatic awareness and knowledge of the body as its starting point.
Each of these 36 'tutors' has provided a unique lesson that aims to provoke, inspire and stimulate. Lively, entertaining and poignant, the contributors draw on their extensive experience in the contemporary art world, to share previously untold stories and identify the crucial things they wish they'd known at the start of their careers. Their advice ranges from practical considerations about making art and managing professional relationships, to ideological perspectives on the nature of learning and the state of art education in the twenty-first century. Many also propose 'assignments' to spark creative thinking and the entries are illustrated with visually compelling art works to engage and inspire the reader. --
The awakening artist : madness and spiritual awakening in art
Creative block : get unstuck, discover new ideas : advice and projects from 50 successful artists
Strategies for survival, now! : a global perspective on ethnicity, body and breakdown of artistic systems / edited by Christian Chambert
Draw it with your eyes closed : the art of the art assignment
The number of ways in which humans interact with animals is almost incalculable. From beloved household pets to the steak on our dinner tables, the fur in our closets to the Babar books on our shelves, taxidermy exhibits to local zoos, humans have complex, deep, and dependent relationships with the animals in our ecosystems. In Displaying Death and Animating Life, Jane C. Desmond puts those human-animal relationships under a multidisciplinary lens, focusing on the less obvious, and revealing the individualities and subjectivities of the real animals in our everyday lives.
Exceptional life courses : elite athletes and successful artists in 2000s Finland
In the fold between power and desire : women artists' narratives
Performing landscape : notes on site-specific work and artistic research (texts 2001-2011)
Women making art : history, subjectivity, aesthetics / Marsha Meskimmon
The sociology of the artist in the postmodern era : pride and uncertainty
Live. 2, Not what I am : trhe experience of performing
Artist at work : proximity of art and capitalism
Imaginative bodies : dialogues in performance practices
Art school is at a point of unprecedented popularity both as an enterprise and as an object of critical inquiry. This book examines the complex and often unruly state of art education by focusing on its signature pedagogical form, the assignment. Practical and quixotic in equal parts, the art assignment can resemble a riddle as much as a recipe, and often sounds more like a haiku, or even a joke, than a clear directive. From introductory exercises in perspective drawing to graduate-level experiments in societal transformation, the assignment coalesces ideas about what art is, how it should be taught, and what larger purpose it might, or might not, serve. The book is a written record of an evolving oral tradition. Bringing together hundreds of assignments, anti-assignments, and artworks from both teachers and students from a broad range of institutions, we hope it simultaneously serves as an archive and an instigation, a teaching tool and a question mark, a critique and a tribute.
A short book about art
The pulse of mixed media : secrets and passions of 100 artist revealed
22 ways : on artistic thinking in Finnish contemporary art
The animé art of Hayao Miyazaki
The reflexive teaching artist : collected wisdom from the drama/theatre field
Developing writing teachers : practical ways for teacher-writers to transform their classroom practice
Who-what-artist? / Erkki Pirtola
A director prepares : seven essays on art and theatre
Akademie X : Lessons in art + life ; [tutor: Marina Abramović...[et al.]
This book explores entanglements of power relations and forces of desire in life narratives and visual images. The analysis draws on paintings and archival auto/biographical writings of six fin-de-siécle women artists, who are brought together as narrative personae in a genealogical exploration of the constitution of the female self in art. The author offers an innovative theoretical approach to narrative research by bringing together feminist theories with Foucauldian and DeleuzoGuattarian analytics. The book will be of particular interest for researchers and graduate students in the fields of feminist, narrative and visual studies.
Thomas Mann's artist-heroes
33 artists in 3 acts
Postdramatic theatre and the political : international perspectives on contemporary performance
The blazing world
The premise of Developing Writing Teachers is this: When teachers of writing identify as writers, it adds a special dimension to their writing pedagogy. Practical and accessible while drawing on a range of relevant research and theory, this text is distinguished by its dual focus—on teachers as writers and the teaching of writing. Part I addresses the question, What does it take for a teacher of writing to develop an identity as writer? Using case studies and teacher narratives, it guides readers to an understanding of the current status of writing as the 21st century unfolds, the role of expressive writing in developing a writing identity, the relationship of writing to genre and rhetoric, writing and professional identity, and writing as design. Part II focuses on pedagogical practice and helping writer-teachers develop a toolkit to take into their classrooms. Coverage includes building a community of writing practice; the nature of writing as process; the place of grammar; the role of information, communication and representational technologies; and how assessment, properly used, can help develop writing. Ideal for for pre-service and in-service courses on the teaching of writing, the Companion Website provides aadditional readings/documents; PowerPoint presentations; assessment resources; and lesson and unit plans and planning guides.
Authoring performance : the director in contemporary theatre
The two-way mirror : [interview of Dan Graham] / Piia Laita
The Reflexive Teaching Artist invites Teaching Artists at all levels of experience to consider the power of reflective practice. Kathryn Dawson and Daniel A. Kelin, II offer a reflective framework – a series of foundational concepts, including intentionality, quality, artistic perspective, assessment, and praxis – illuminated through reflexive case-study examples from Teaching Artists in a wide range of settings. The authors write from the dual perspectives of artist and educator to raise fundamental questions about the complex intentions, relationships and function of the teaching artist in school, community, and professional theatre settings. Through questions, guided reflection activities, collected wisdom from the field, and an introductory action-research model, Dawson, Kelin and their contributors closely examine the practice of teaching in, through, and about drama and theatre.
Multiplicity, embodiment and the contemporary dancer : moving identities
In recent years, the practice of contemporary dancers has altered significantly in the transition from canonical choreographic vocabularies to a proliferation of choreographic signatures within mainstream and independent dance. Dancers are often required to collaborate creatively on the formation of choreographic material, thus engaging conceptually with emerging cultural paradigms. This book explores the co-creative practice of contemporary dancers solely from the point of view of the dancer. It reveals multiple dancing perspectives, drawn from interviews, current writing and evocative accounts from inside the choreographic process, illuminating the myriad ways that dancers contribute to the production of contemporary dance culture. A key insight of the book is that a dancer's signature way of being is a 'moving identity', which incorporates past dance experience, anatomical structures and conditioned human movement as a self-in-process. The moving identity is the movement signature that the dancer forms throughout a career path.
The envy of Daedalus : essay on the artist as murderer
Displaying death and animating life : human-animal relations in art, science, and everyday life
Intimate collaborations : Kandinsky and Münter, Arp & Taeuber
Episodi (“Episode”) is a series published by the Theatre Academy of the University of the Arts. This fourth Episodi This and That – Essays on Live Art and Performance Studies features a text on performance art by professor Ray Langenbach and consists of writings by students of the MA Degree programme in Live Art and Performance Studies, Jenni Kokkomäki, Ellen Jeffrey, Kaisa Illukka, as well as by participants in the fourth international festival and conference on Live Art and Performance Studies, Lapsody, in June 2013, Moritz Gansen and Elisabeth Schilling, Megan Armishaw, Iona Jucan and James Andean. Moreover, the collection contains a text on somatic materialism by professor Susan Kozel, an essay by doctoral student Rania Khalil, and a paper on gesture by the editor, Annette Arlander.
Fifty artists who work in a variety of mediums reveal how they stay motivated and find new ideas, while offering strategies and projects for breaking through the creative block.
Figures of light : actors and directors illuminate the art of film acting
Bringing the body to the stage and screen : expressive movement for performers
Public sphere by performance
Artists in love : from Picasso & Gilot to Christo & Jeanne-Claude, a century of creative and romantic partnerships
This and that : essays on live art and performance studies
Art-as-art : the selected writing of Ad Reinhardt / edited and with an introduction by Barbara Rose
In pursuit of the UnSafe : locating the native artist
Dialogues with: Sue Buckmaster, Jonathan Burrows & Matteo Fargion, Rosemary Butcher, Dana Caspersen, Sidi Larbi Cherkaoui, Tim Etchells, Antony Gormley, Jonzi D & Soweto Kinch, Akram Khan, Ruth Little, Russell Maliphant & Michael Hulls, Alain Platel, Hofesh Shechter.
Automatic for the masses : the death of the author and the birth of socialist realism
Dance spaces : practices of movement
The main affirmation of artistic practice must today happen through thinking about the conditions and the status of the artist's work. Only then can it be revealed that what is a part of the speculations of capital is not art itself, but mostly artistic life. Artist at Work examines the recent changes in the labour of an artist and addresses them from the perspective of performance.
