http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2515 smiths (craftsmen and women)
smiths (craftsmen and women)
Carl Fabergé : first impressions
The complete blacksmith : traditional techniques for the modern smith
The Silver Trust
The metalsmiths
Into the new Iron Age : modern British blacksmith
Summary. - Resümee. - Kopsavilkums. - Sammanfattning. - Yhteenveto. - Rezûme.
Bronze Age metalworking in the Netherlands (c. 2000-800 BC) : a research into the preservation of metallurgy related artefacts and the social position of the smith
Virtuoso goldsmiths and the triumph of Mannerism 1540-1620
The Paris salons 1895-1914. Volume 1, Jewellery : the designers A-K
The backyard blacksmith : traditional techniques for the modern smith
The story of bronze
Cognition and tool use : the blacksmith at work
A cabinetmaker's notebook
The complete bladesmith : forging your way to perfection
Metalsmithing for the artist-craftsman
Edgar Brandt : master of art deco ironwork
Keeping it all together : the preservation and care of historic furniture
Fabergé : imperial eggs and other fantasies
Summary: A biography of the trendsetting artist who was jeweler and goldsmith to the last Romanov Czars of Russia.
Circular work in carpentry and joinery
Folder : by Italian designers
The blacksmith's wife
Thesis (M.Phil.)--Rijksuniversiteit te Leiden, 2008.
Iron in archaeology : early European blacksmiths
A smith in Lindsey : the Anglo-Saxon grave at Tattershall Thorpe, Lincolnshire
30 vuotta ammatissa, jota ei ole olemassa = 30 years by the flames : seppämestari Jouko Nieminen
Hand and machine
The international dictionary of clocks
Practical blacksmithing : a collection of articles contributed at different times by skilled workmen to the columns of "The blacksmith and wheelwright"..
Leimet 50 : from a blacksmith's workshop into a global player
Old furniture : understanding the craftman's art
Decorative and sculptural ironwork : tools, techniques, inspiration
The Art of Blacksmithing
The Paris salons 1895-1914. Volume 2, Jewellery : the designers L-Z
The forgotten arts and crafts
Fabergé eggs : a book of ornaments
Brilliant thoughts
The watchman of eternity
Excavations at Helgö. 9, Finds, features and functions
Mechanical and quartz watch repair
Raudtuli : Põhjamaade seppade näitus = Nordic exhibition of smithery
The man with the iron fists
One tree ; foreword by HRH the Prince of Wales ; photography by Robert Walker
The complete modern blacksmith
Gunmakers of London : supplement 1350-1850
The American
The contemporary blacksmith
Instructions for plate maker-welders
Complete metalsmith
Smith of Wootton Major
Russkoe serebro XIV-natšala XX veka iz fondov Gosudarstvennyh muzejev Moskovkogo Kremlja : albom = Russian silver of the fourteenth to early twentieth centuries from the Moscow Kremlin reserves
The complete book of locks and locksmithing
The emperor of all things
White-collar blacksmith : salonkikelpoinen seppä
The makers of Indian colonial silver : a register of European goldsmiths, silversmiths, jewellers, watchmakers and clockmakers in India and their marks, 1760-1860
The powder of death
Clockwork, or, All wound up
SNAG : Gold- und Silbersmiedearbeiten der Society of North American Goldsmiths = jewerly and metal objects from the Society of North American Goldsmiths
British clocks and clockmakers
The artist-blacksmith's craft
Ornamental ironwork : an illustrated guide to its design, history & use in American architecture
The book of guns & gunsmiths
"A miniature empire" : the copper works at Kåfjord and the community that grew up around it
Well-shod : a horseshoeing guide for owners & farriers
New species and new or interesting records of click-beetles from Iran and Iraq (Coleoptera, Elateridae)
The silversmith's wife
The short day dying
Silver of the stars
A first undergraduate course in abstract algebra
Silber der österreichisch-ungarischen Monarchie = Silver from the Austro-Hungarian Monarch
Tension and tradition : a study of Late Iron Age spearheads around the Baltic Sea
The artist blacksmith : design and techniques
The art of wrought ironwork in Hungary
The jeweller's niece
Pride of men : ironworking in 19th century West Central Africa
The lost kings
Verdura : the life and work of a master jeweler
London goldsmiths 1697-1837 : their marks and lives from the original registers Goldsmiths Hall and other sources
The pleasure of guns : the intricate and beautiful work of famous gunsmiths
The principles of horseshoeing (P3) : the ultimate textbook of farrier science and craftsmanship for the 21st century
Gold & silversmiths. Vol. 1, Jewellers & allied traders 1838-1914 : The biographies
