http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25185 alumni
alumni
"Overcoming All Obstacles: The Women of the Academie Julian is the first book to examine late nineteenth-century Paris's most famous training ground for the leading women artists of the period. The Academie Julian was founded in Paris in 1868, initially to prepare students for entry to the Ecole des Beaux-Arts, the nineteenth century's preeminent art school. Because women could not study at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts until 1897, Julian itself became an international equivalent for many of the late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century's most important women artists."--BOOK JACKET. "Not only does Overcoming All Obstacles introduce the reader to many works by women artists - both famous and lesser known - but the essays offer a cultural and historical context in which to appreciate their art."--BOOK JACKET.
The Roeper School : A Model for Holistic Development of High Ability
How can we design schools that energetically promote intellectual development while also attending to the social, emotional, and ethical growth of students? In today’s frenzied climate of accountability driven school reform it is difficult to establish anything more than achievement of superficial knowledge and skill. Fortunately, there is a vibrant example of holistic, student-centered education that engenders dynamic, multidimensional student growth. The Roeper School enables students to develop strong intrinsic motivation as they discover aspirations and develop talents consistent with those aspirations. Simultaneously, from a very young age students take considerable responsibility for their own actions and for the processes that go on in their school. Following the Roeper philosophy each student generates a long-term sense of purposeful direction, a strong sense of intrapersonal awareness, impressive creative and critical thinking skills, and a finely tuned sense of ethical responsibility. Upon graduation Roeper students are well prepared to find or create highly productive niches in the world of work and rewarding personal lives while serving as mature, ethical citizens of a complex, 21st-century, globalized society. This book includes descriptions of the multidimensional education the Roeper School provides. The perspectives in the volume are diverse, coming from leading researchers and theorists in the field of gifted education as well as teachers, administrators, alumni, and current students from the school itself. Overall, the book provides a beacon of hope for 21st-century education.
Finland alumni news
The fascinating world of BEER
Geographical mobility and the brain drain : a case study of Aberdeen University graduates, 1860-1960
The objective of this Bachelor's Thesis is to find out how the HAAGA-HELIA alumni organization's activities should be developed for the graduates of Bachelor Degree Programmes taught in English. The target group included graduates from Bachelor Degree Programmes for Multilingual Management Assistants, in Hotel, Restaurant and Tourism Management, in Tourism, in Sports and Leisure Management, in Business Information Technology and in Experience and Wellness Management. The aim of the thesis is to determine which alumni activities the graduates are satisfied with and which parts need to be further developed. The results will help the alumni coordinators develop the alumni activities to better meet the needs of the graduates from programmes taught in English. The theoretical frame of reference begins by dealing with the concept of customer satisfaction and carries on to cover service design, followed by networking and groups, social media and ends in alumni services. The purpose of the theoretical frame of the study is to support the empirical research. The research method used was a quantitative web-based survey. The survey was conducted from November to December in 2011 and 81 respondents from the programmes mentioned above answered it. The empirical research introduces the characteristics of the research such as the target group, the objectives, the research process and the analysing methods. The main findings of the study are represented in the research results. The alumni network is considered to be an important networking channel, even though many of the alumni had not used the alumni services. Providing the alumni possibilities to acquire business contacts and obtain business opportunities were considered to be important services for them. E-mail was the preferred channel for contacting the alumni. The graduates also wished for access to library and information services, and discounts on goods and services. The discussion chapter introduces the validity and reliability of the study, recommendations and development proposals for the HAAGA-HELIA alumni organization and gives recommendations for further research. It also discusses the author's own learning process.
Death at the alma mater
Development of an alumni targeted web site for the university of Regina
Alumni Activities : International Alumni Network for TUAS
The service development for HAAGA-HELIA alumni from degree programmes taught in English
The effects of institutional determinants on entrepreneurial intentions of Finnish business school graduates
Overcoming all obstacles : the women of the Académie Julian
Education, earnings, and income distribution : an inquiry into equity issues involved in the government financing of higher education in India : a study of the M.S. University of Baroda
Picture this : the artist as illustrator
Establishing an association : case: HELGAlumni ry
ASLA directory : ASLA-grantees 1950-1963
Lasallian pathfinders : of ordinary men and less ordinary leadership
Higher education administration with social media : including applications in student affairs, enrollment management, alumni relations, and career centers
Encounters in regions of conflict
Finance alumni book 2011
Developing the alumni co-operation in HAMK
Creating a foundation for international alumni networks in the finnish universities  of applied sciences : case: JAMK University of Applied Sciences
All Souls and the wider world : statesmen, scholars, and adventurers, c. 1850-1950
A biographical register of St. John's College, Oxford, 1555-1660
Retirement and knowledge : tacit knowledge transfer to new generations
Roll of alumni in arts of the University and King's College of Aberdeen, 1596-1860
Athenæ oxonienses : an exact history of all the writers and bishops who have had their education in the most ancient and famous University of Oxford, from the fifteenth year of King Henry the Seventh, Dom. 1500, to the end of the year 1690 ; representing the birth, fortune, preferment, and death of all those authors and prelates, the great accidents of their lives, and the fate and character of their writings ; to which are added, the Fasti, or annals, of the said University, for the same time
