http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2518 comprehensive school
comprehensive school
Defining and measuring technical thinking : students' technical abilities in Finnish comprehensive schools
Speak, listen and learn : teaching resources for ages 7-13
Teaching history for the common good
Opportunities for science in the primary school
How students' voice can be heard in the Finnish context : the case of primary, lower secondary and upper secondary schools in Jyväskylä
How shall we school our children ? : primary education and its future
My brother is a big, fat liar
The philosophy of primary education : an introduction
Rafe's Aussie adventure
Japanese government policies in education, science and culture 1989 : elementary and secondary education in a changing society
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
Administrative reform and capacity building : the case of primary education in Bangladesh
Integrating environmental education in primary school education in Tanzania : teachers' perceptions and teaching practices
The greatest school survival tips in the world
The touch of technology - gender equity and factors in students' motivation
Culturally sensitive teaching in Finland ́s basic education : a comparative study of the 'diversity pedagogy' model
The teaching of science in primary schools
An enabling environment for female leadership in Finnish comprehensive school
Art in the primary school
Counselling in schools : a reader
Yippee!. 4, Reader
Education and mental disorders : a 31-year follow-up in the Northern Finland 1966 birth cohort
Ultimate showdown
"Isn't it enough to be a Chinese speaker" : language ideology and migrant identity construction in a public primary school in Beijing
Assessing individual needs : a practical approach
Teaching primary mathematics
School science for tomorrow's citizens
Work out!. 2, Topics : key
We are all familiar with the expression “teachers’ bag of tricks.” It is fairly easy for K-12 teachers to do a quick web search, scan library shelves, and browse through journals to provide them with numerous lessons and ideas to keep their bags filled. Science teacher educators need to not only provide preservice teachers with resources to help them fill their “bags,” but also include crucial theory and pedagogy; what constitutes “minds on” lessons, not merely “hands on” activities. But where do we science methods instructors find ideas to put in our “bag of tricks” to help us with the pedagogy we teach and model? These kinds of teaching ideas are not so easy to find using the internet or even science methods textbooks. This book is a collection of some favorite teaching ideas from science teacher educators from across the United States and abroad. This book is NOT a collection of teaching ideas about specific science content. This book IS a set of activities that help us prepare our preservice science teachers in the areas of: Constructivism/Conceptual Change; Nature of Science; Integration (including Technology Integration), Scientific Inquiry/Engineering Design; and Diversity/Differentiation. Each section starts with a brief overview of the topic and an introduction to the activities included on the theme. The individual activities include step-by-step instructions, modifications/extensions, references, and additional readings to help you easily and fully implement the idea in your own classroom. These ideas are a few of our favorites; we hope they will become some of yours as well.
Shrinking powder and other stories
Science in the primary school
The teaching of poetry : European perspectives
Teaching K-6 mathematics
Art and craft in the primary school
Developing technology education : in search of curriculum elements for Finnish general education schools
Nerds. Book one : National espionage, rescue, and defense society
Relationships between absences from school and certain factors related to school : a study on elementary school grades three to six
Dynamic knowledge in school : an action research on instructional development with the aid of microcomputers
My own tales
Arts and humanities academics in schools : mapping the pedagogical interface
Pre-primary and comprehensive school education
Let's go!. 5, Teacher's book
Lessons from a comprehensive school system for theory and research on curriculum
Collaborative knowledge construction in authentic school contexts
The book whisperer: awakening the inner reader in every child
Effective primary teaching : research-based classroom strategies
Teaching English in the primary classroom
Entrepreneurship for everyone? Neoliberal governance, educability and social differences in the school's entrepreneurship education.
Build a literate classroom
European Teacher's Seminar on "Europe: knowing the past, understanding the present. What to know about European history by the end of compulsory schooling" : Oporto, 13-16 December 1988
Development of literacy in kindergarten and primary school
Ethnoprogramming : an indigenous approach to computer programming : a case study in Ohcejohka area comprehensive schools
Language workshop - children "tasting" foreign languages before systematic language teaching in schools
Computers in the primary school : a practical guide for teachers
This book compares primary education in urban and rural China and India. It focuses on how the sociocultural context including educational policy, educators and parents' beliefs, and the conditions under which teaching and learning occur shape classroom pedagogy and determine children's attainment. This in-depth, authentic, comparative analysis of the two largest educational systems in the world is a must-read for scholars interested in the teaching and learning in these two rapidly developing Asian cultures. A common set of questions has been addressed in diverse contexts. The empirical work on which this book is based is most impressive - videotaping of mathematics and language lessons, interviews with parents and educators questionnaires with parents, teachers and children and tests of children's mathematics attainment - and this done in 3 locations in China, 3 in India and 12 schools in total.
Middle school mediocrity : quality and inequality in secondary education
Comprehensive school in Finland : goal and an outline for a curriculum
Welcome to English. 1 B/4, Teacher's book
Teaching reading in today's elementary schools
ICT and curriculum change
Helping children get the most out of school
A-B-C - shaping alphabets with methods of outdoor and multisensory learning
Pupil assessment and testing the Portti
Improving the primary school
Art for the fun of it : a guide for teaching young children
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Environmental education in sparsely populated areas - conflicting attitudes in student's conception of environmental issues
Who's teaching your children? : why the teacher crisis is worse than you think and what can be done about it
Understanding English word formation : a study among 6th-grade pupils in Finnish comprehensive school
Visual culture in the art class : case studies
Comprehensive school in Finland : goals and an outline for a curriculum
The challenge for the comprehensive school : culture, curriculum and community
Perusterveydenhuolto 2013 = Primärvård 2013 = Primary health care services 2013
Comprehensive school in Finland : Goals and an outline for a curriculum : This book is based on chapters II and IV of the report of the curriculum committee
Microcomputers and children in the primary school
Pupils' mental models of a pulley in balance, and how the models are changed by successive pulley demonstrations
A few of our favorite things : teaching ideas for K-12 science methods instructors
Science equipment and materials : science kits
The national curriculum
Spontaneus study strategies in factual text learning in school
A focus on fractions : bringing research to the classroom
The Finnish senior secondary research project. 1, General presentation of the project and its original subjects
Technology education - orphan in the curriculum
English for me
The Finnish senior secondary research project. 2, Departure from junior secondary and transfer to senior secondary
OECD/CERI: teacher quality in Finland : policy and practice in five primary schools : summary of case studies
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Say it in English. 2, Opettajan opas : kokeilumonisteet 1-3-5 : tunnit 1-23
Teaching mathematics to children
I even funnier : a middle school story
Every child an artist! : new methods and materials for elementary art
Let's go!. 3, Teacher's book
Reform of secondary education : summary of the Report of the 1971 Education committee
Development in reading and reading related skills : a follow-up study from pre-school to the fourth grade
Global teacher, global learner
Witch Baby and me at school
Education about and through technology : in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
Twin-singleton differences among ESL students : a study of affective and cognitive factors at the age of 12
Comparative study between Finnish and Catalan curricula
Leadership in Finnish comprehensive school core curricula since the 1970s
Young EFL-pupils reading multicultural children's fiction : an ethnographic case study in a swedish language primary school in Finland
What's up?. 4, textbook
Teaching elementary physical education : a handbook for the classroom teacher
Going public : priorities & practice at the Manhattan New School
Aspects of administrative support in implementing inclusive education :  a case study of three finnish comprehensive schools
Empowering science and mathematics education in urban schools
A report on the proposals for the reform of secondary education in Finland
Project Management in Deli project : Creating Social Tools to Promote School Lunch
I funny TV : a Middle School story
Songs. 2, Stories. II ; My own book. Two
Learning on the net : a practical guide to enhancing learning in primary classrooms
What's up?. 6, textbook
Perusterveydenhuolto 2012 = Primärvård 2012 = Primary health care services 2012
English for us
Collins junior world atlas
Pisa06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Integration at upper comprehensive school : natural colorants as a method for the integration of biology, chemistry, art and craft lessons
Religious education in primary schools
Key English. 8, Ratkaisut
Songs. 3, Adventures ; My own book
Teaching children 3 to 11 : a student's guide
Special needs in the primary school : one in five ?
Primary art : it's the process, not the product
Approaches to human rights teaching : material for schools
Primary education : the key concepts
Get me out of here!
Teaching methods in ninth grade Finnish comprehensive school : a survey of student expectations
Symposium on "The New Technologies and the Primary School" : Lyngby, Denmark, 11-14 March 1986
Professional issues for primary teachers
Primary teacher education : high status ? high standards ?
Framework curriculum for the comprehensive school
Special educational needs in the primary school : a practical guide
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Look, listen and learn! : an integrated English course for children. 4, Teacher's book
Village teacher! : the alternative school logbook, 1980-1981
Are you listening? : Fostering conversations that help young children learn
Smart moves. 1
Key English. 7, Courses 1-2 : ratkaisut
European Teachers' Seminar no. 33 on "Mass media education in primary schools" : Donaueschingen, Federal Republic of Germany, 6-10 October 1986
Creative approaches to teaching primary RE
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
What's on?. 5, Read it
Cooperative learning in science : a handbook for teachers
Elementary and Middle School Mathematics : teaching developmentally
Development of a technique for identifying elementary school children's musical concepts
Mathematics and the primary school curriculum
Finnish pupils' communicative language use of English in interviews in basic education grades 1-6
Mathematics teaching in primary schools
Sequential explanatory study of factors connected with science achievement in six countries: Finland, England, Hungary, Japan, Latvia and Russia : study based on TIMSS 1999
Carol Vorderman's maths dictionary
Chat. 4, My own workbook
The sustainability of school improvement in challenging contexts : case study of public schools in Antofagasta, Chile
Blended : using disruptive innovation to improve schools
Primary and secondary education in the Nordic countries : a comparative study
In touch. Course 2, Opettajan materiaali
Oxford primary atlas
Teachers' views on children's literature and its usage in the Finnish primary school classroom
The school of the FuTure : theoretical and pedagogical approaches for creative and playful learning environments
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education : the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
Where should I begin ? How could I develop? : a handbook for teachers in general education to implement work life and entrepreneurship in their daily practices
The basic secondary school in the country : an educational innovation in Cuba
Smart moves. 2, Texts
Supporting inclusive practice
Implementing the primary curriculum : A teacherś guide
Top. 9, Texts
Understanding design and technology in primary schools : cases from teachers' research
Comprehensive school in Finland
Manual : proposals for easy school transitions in Lapland
Teaching visual literacy in the primary classroom : comic books, film, television and picture narratives
Studying in Comprehensive School with Low Second Language Writing Proficiency
Teaching in primary schools in China and India : contexts of learning
Teaching and learning with ICT in the primary school
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education: the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
The duties of men engaged as physical directors or athletic coaches in high schools
The contribution of early childhood education to a sustainable society
English for me and you
Art curriculum activities kits : intermediate level
What's up?. 3, textbook
Conditions for EFL learning and professional development : Finland-Swedish learner and teacher perspectives
Primary science : making it work
Science fun : bright ideas
Automatic assessment of assignments in mathematics and computing science by adaptive testing.
Equity and excellence : evidence for policy formulation to reduce the difference in PISA performance between Swedish speaking and Finnish speaking students in Finland
