http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25181 drug resistance
drug resistance
Analysis of canine small intestinal and fecal microbiota : prevention of ampicillin-induced changes with oral [beta]-lactamase
Antimicrobial resistance in the major respiratory tract pathogens - methods and epidemiology
Antimicrobial resistance surveillance in Europe : annual report of the European Antimicrobial Resistance Surveillance Network (EARS-Net) : 2011
Antimicrobial resistance surveillance in Europe : annual report of the European Antimicrobial Resistance Surveillance Network (EARS-Net) : 2010
Antimicrobial resistance surveillance in Europe : annual report of the European Antimicrobial Resistance Surveillance Network (EARS-Net) : 2012
Antimicrobial susceptibility testing protocols
Handbook of treatment-resistant schizophrenia
HER-2 positive breast cancer : molecular and epidemiological studies
Abstract.
Infectious Diseases and Nanomedicine I : First International Conference (ICIDN-2012), Dec. 15-18, 2012, Kathmandu, Nepal
Handbook of Treatment-resistant Schizophrenia is a concise review of treatment-resistant schizophrenia's definition, measurement tools, adherence issues, substance abuse, optimal dosing, clinician-patient relationships, and current management approaches. The book was originally commissioned with the intention of creating a comprehensive text focusing on treatment-resistant schizophrenia and its management. The book explores many aspects of the background and practice- and research-based evidence for treating this complex subset of schizophrenia, including psychopharmacological, somatic, and nonpharmacological treatment approaches. While exploring the various therapies for treatment-resistant schizophrenia, Dr Citrome also emphasizes the importance of building strong and trusting relationships between patients and their clinicians so the clinician can best manage their patient's adherence and overall treatment.
FINRES-Vet 2002-2003: Finnish veterinary antimicrobial resistance monitoring and consumption of antimicrobial agents
Fluoroquinolone resistance in Salmonella enterica and Campylobacter jejuni
Drug management and parasite resistance in bovine trypanosomiasis in Africa
Coniferous resin salve, ancient and effective treatment for chronic wounds : laboratory and clinical studies
Antimicrobial resistance surveillance in Europe : annual report of the European Antimicrobial Resistance Surveillance Network (EARS-Net) : 2013
Implications of BRCA1 mutations in basal-like breast cancer development and treatment
Bacterial resistance to antimicrobial agents in Finland FINRES 1999
Analysis of canine small intestinal and fecal microbiota : prevention of ampicillin-indused changes with oral β-lactamase
ABC transporters in microorganisms : research, innovation and value as targets against drug resistance
Individualized chemical systems medicine of acute and chronic myeloid leukemia
Antimicrobial resistance in bacteria of animal origin
Antimicrobial resistance in Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli
Updated ECDC risk assessment on the spread of New Delhi metallo-beta-lactamase (NDM) and its variants within Europe
Implications of bacterial viruses on pathogenic bacteria : from natural microbial communities to therapeutic applications
High-dimensional single cell analysis : mass cytometry, multi-parametric flow cytometry and bioinformatic techniques
Antimicrobial resistance in Streptococcus pneumoniae in Finland with special reference to macrolides and telithromycin
A systems biology analysis of PP2A functions in cancer cells
Treatment-refractory schizophrenia : a clinical conundrum
Anti-tuberculosis drug resistance in the world : third global report : the WHO/IUATLD Global Project on Anti-tuberculosis Drug Resistance Surveillance, 1999-2002
Clinical isolates of Yersinia enterocolitica in Finland : identification and epidemiology
Synthesis and evaluation of antichlamydial, antileishmanial and antimalarial activity of benzimidazole and benzoxadiazole derivatives
Novel players in the integrin signaling orchestra : TCPTP and MDGI
This volume highlights the most interesting biomedical and clinical applications of high-dimensional flow and mass cytometry. It reviews current practical approaches used to perform high-dimensional experiments and addresses key bioinformatic techniques for the analysis of data sets involving dozens of parameters in millions of single cells. Topics include single cell cancer biology; studies of the human immunome; exploration of immunological cell types such as CD8+ T cells; decipherment of signaling processes of cancer; mass-tag cellular barcoding; analysis of protein interactions by proximity ligation assays; Cytobank, a platform for the analysis of cytometry data; computational analysis of high-dimensional flow cytometric data; computational deconvolution approaches for the description of intracellular signaling dynamics; and hyperspectral cytometry. All 10 chapters of this book have been written by respected experts in their fields. It is an invaluable reference book for both basic and clinical researchers
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
Targeted therapy sensitivity and resistance in solid malignancies
Insulin resistance in polycystic ovary syndrome
Multiple myeloma treatment in the era of novel agents : special reference to minimal residual disease, stem cell mobilization and drug sensitivity testing
Antimicrobial Resistance in Finland : Finres 2012
Risk assessment on the impact of environmental usage of triazoles on the development and spread of resistance to medical triazoles in Aspergillus species
ABCC2 transporter and α2 adrenoceptors : : identification of novel compounds and their mode of action
Counteracting the horizontal spread of bacterial antibiotic resistance with conjugative plasmid-dependent bacteriophages
Missing microbes : how killing bacteria creates modern plagues
Small things matter : of phages and antibiotic resistance conferring plasmids
World malaria report 2013.
Natural polymorphisms and transmitted drug resistance in Estonian HIV-I CRF06_cpx and its recombinant viruses
FINRES-Vet 2005-2006 : Finnish veterinary antimicrobial resistance monitoring and consumption of antimicrobial agents
Clonality of Streptococcus pneumoniae in relation to antimicrobial resistance in Finland
Antibiotic resistance in human impacted environments
Species-specific and indication-based use of antimicrobials in dogs, cats, cattle and horses in Finland : data collected using three different methods
The blood system is multi-scale, from the organism to the organs to cells to intracellular signaling pathways to macromolecule interactions. Blood consists of circulating cells, cellular fragments (platelets and microparticles), and plasma macromolecules. Blood cells and their fragments result from a highly-ordered process, hematopoiesis. Definitive hematopoiesis occurs in the bone marrow, where pluripotential stem cells give rise to multiple lineages of highly specialized cells. Highly-productive and continuously regenerative, hematopoiesis requires a microenvironment of mesenchymal cells and blood vessels. A Systems Biology Approach to Blood is divided into three main sections: basic components, physiological processes, and clinical applications. Using blood as a window, one can study health and disease through this unique tool box with reactive biological fluids that mirrors the prevailing hemodynamics of the vessel walls and the various blood cell types. Many blood diseases, rare and common can and have been exploited using systems biology approaches with successful results and therefore ideal models for systems medicine. More importantly, hematopoiesis offers one of the best studied systems with insight into stem cell biology, cellular interaction, development; linage programing and reprograming that are every day influenced by the most mature and understood regulatory networks.
Pathogenesis of Mycobacterium tuberculosis and its interaction with the host organism
Trimethoprim resistance : dissemination and molecular mechanisms in Esterichia coli and Shigella spp
"The World Malaria Report 2013 summarizes information received from malaria-endemic countries and other sources, and updates the analyses presented in the 2012 report. It highlights the progress made towards global malaria targets set for 2015, and describes current challenges for global malaria control and elimination." -- (WHO)
Effects of weight loss, rosiglitazone and metformin on liver fat content, insulin resistance and gene expression in adipose tissue
The book addresses the interdisciplinary scientific approach for the systemic understanding of connections between major human diseases and their treatment regime by applying the tools and techniques of nanotechnology. It also highlights the interdisciplinary collaborative researches for innovation in Biomedical Sciences. The book is aÂ first volume which presents collection of best papers presented in the First International Conference on Infectious Diseases and Nanomedicine held during Dec. 15-18, 2012 in Kathmandu, Nepal. The book focuses mainly on the topics: emerging infectious diseases; antimicrobial agents, vaccines and immunity; drug design, drug delivery and tissue engineering; and nanomaterials and biomedical materials.
Influenza virus-host interactions and their modulation by small molecules
The book addresses the interdisciplinary scientific approach for the systemic understanding of connections between major human diseases and their treatment regime by applying the tools and techniques of nanotechnology. It also highlights the interdisciplinary collaborative researches for innovation in Biomedical Sciences. The book is a second volume which presents collection of best papers presented in the First International Conference on Infectious Diseases and Nanomedicine held during Dec. 15-18, 2012 in Kathmandu, Nepal. The book focuses mainly on the topics: emerging infectious diseases; antimicrobial agents, vaccines and immunity; drug design, drug delivery and tissue engineering; and nanomaterials and biomedical materials.
Improving biosecurity through prudent and responsible use of veterinary medicines in aquatic food production
Physiological role of ABCG2
Antibiotic resistance of lactic acid bacteria
"Mycobacterium tuberculosis is one of the most notorious pathogens on earth, causing the death of approximately 1.5 million people annually. A major problem in the fight against tuberculosis is the emergence of strains that have acquired resistance to all available antibiotics. One key to the success of M. tuberculosis as a pathogen is its ability to circumvent host immune responses at different levels. This is not only a result of the special makeup of M. tuberculosis in terms of genetic diversity and DNA metabolism and its possession of specialized secretion systems, but also of its ability to hijack innate immune defence mechanisms. In this volume, researchers from different disciplines provide a topical overview of the diverse mechanisms that contribute to the virulence of M. tuberculosis, ranging from their genetic, metabolic and molecular makeup, as well as the complex strategies these bacteria utilize to escape immune destruction within infected hosts." -- (Back Cover)
Summary.
Responsible use of antibiotics in aquaculture
Drug resistance in chronic lymphocytic leukaemia
The multiple therapeutic targets of A20
Schizophrenia is often associated with an inadequate response to pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatments. How to treat patients who have an unsatisfactory response to anti-psychotics, including clozapine - which is unequivocally the most powerful antipsychotic medication for this recalcitrant population - remains a clinical conundrum. A range of adjunctive medications have been tried with mixed results; there has also been renewed interest in the role of neuromodulatory strategies, electroconvulsive therapy, and cognitive and vocational approaches. Perhaps a bright spot for the future lies in the evolution of pharmacogenetic approaches for individualized care. In this book, leading experts from Europe, Australia and the Americas provide a timely appraisal of treatments for the most severely ill schizophrenia patients. This clinically focused book is informed by the latest research on the neurobiology and treatment of schizophrenia. It is comprehensive in scope, covering current treatment options, various add-on approaches, and a range of psychosocial treatments.The contributors are respected experts who have combined their clinical experience with cutting-edge research to provide readers with authoritative information on fundamental aspects of clinical care for schizophrenia.
Infectious Diseases and Nanomedicine II : First International Conference (ICIDN – 2012), Dec. 15-18, 2012, Kathmandu, Nepal
ERLN-TB expert opinion on the use of the rapid molecular assays for the diagnosis of tuberculosis and detection of drug resistance
Helicobacter pylori in gastric microbial ecology and its antimicrobial susceptibility pattern
Mannan-binding lectin : factors affecting the serum concentration and contribution to host resistance to infections
Antimicrobial susceptibility of the principal periodontopathogens
Genomic analysis of A(HIN1)pdm09 influenza virus in Finland
Depression, poor sleep quality, and stress – associations with insulin resistance, insulin secretion and the metabolic syndrome in individuals without type 2 diabetes
Antimicrobial resistance in Streptococcus pneumoniae, with special reference to macrolide resistance
ABC transporters and multidrug resistance
Penicillin : triumph and tragedy
A Systems biology approach to blood
Mechanisms of azole resistance and carcinogenic acetaldehyde production in chronic mucosal candidosis
Use of pyrosequencing to identify streptococci and to detect mutations causing antimicrobial resistance
Finnish cattle as reservoir of Campylobacter spp
Mechanisms and development of antimicrobial resistance in Campylobacter with special reference to ciprofloxacin
Hormonal regulation of endocrine-resistant breast cancer
β-lactam antibiotics : the background to their use as therapeutic agents
Studies on staphylococci isolated from bovine milk samples : with special reference to phage typing, antibiotic sensitivity and mercury resistance
Severe campylobacter infections in Finland
Abstract: FINRES-Vet 2001-2005: Finnish veterinary antimicrobial resistance monitoring and  consumption of antimicrobial agents.
