http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25288 tolerance tests
tolerance tests
Men with asthma since youth : prognosis, impact of work and effect on work ablity
Glycemic index in epidemiologic study of type 2 diabetes
"In this fifth edition of Principles of Exercise Testing and Interpretation, as in earlier editions, we attempt to develop conceptual advances in the physiology and pathophysiology of exercise, particularly as related to the practice of medicine. The underlying theme of the book continues to be the recognition that the most important requirement for exercise performance is transport of oxygen to support the bioenergetic processes in the muscle cells (including, of course, the heart) and elimination of the carbon dioxide formed as a byproduct of exercise metabolism. Thus, appropriate cardiovascular and ven- tilatory responses are required to match those of muscle respiration in meeting the energy demands of exercise. As depicted by the logo on the book cover, normal exercise performance requires an efficient coupling of external to internal (cellular) respiration. Appropriate treatment of exercise intolerance requires that patients' symptoms be thought of in terms of a gas exchange defect between the cell and the environment. The defect may be in the lungs, heart, peripheral or pulmonary circulations, the muscles themselves, or there may be a combination of defects. Thus, we describe the pathophysiology in gas transport and exchange that affect any site in the cardio- respiratory coupling between the lungs and the muscles. We illustrate how cardiopulmonary exercise testing can provide the means for a critical evaluation by the clinician-scientist of the functional competency of each component in the coupling of cellular to external respiration, including the cardiovascular system. To achieve this, clinical cases are used to illustrate the wide spectrum of pathophysiology capable of causing exercise intolerance"--Provided by publisher.
Practical stress analysis in engineering design
Exercise physiology : energy, nutrition, and human performance
Software for acquisition of exercise test database
Body Metabolism and Exercise
Glucose metabolism in preclinical type 1 diabetes
CT and PET/CT hybrid imaging of coronary artery disease
ACSM's exercise management for persons with chronic diseases and disabilities
Exercise and the heart
Exercise testing and interpretation : a practical guide
Clinical correlates of arterial stiffness, tone, and reactivity in children
Cardiorespiratory fitness, its determinants and cardiorespiratory responses in maximal exercise test among children
Principles of exercise testing and interpretation : including pathophysiology and clinical applications
The dynamics of body metabolism are changed in the disease process and interact with physical activity. The alteration of metabolism and its consequences raise the need for simple and reliable methods for assessment of body composition. The chapters aim to investigate various interacting components converging on metabolic changes in lung and muscle tissues taking into consideration the drug effects. The effects of exercise and nutritional status are dealt with at a great extent.
A modified nominal stress method for fatigue assessment of steel plates with thermally cut edges
Factors, complications and health-related quality of life associated with diabetes mellitus developed after midlife in men
Evaluation of cardiovascular risk by electrocardiographic variables : focus on heart rate and genetic variants of cardiac repolarization
Biomechanics of gait and physical function in patients with knee osteoarthritis : thigh muscle properties and joint loading assessment
The prognostic power of the clinical exercise test
T-wave alternans as a prognostic marker in patients referred for exercise testing : quantitative analysis and combined assessment with exercise capacity and heart rate recovery
Effects of added endurance or strength training on cardiovascular and neuromuscular performance of conscripts during the 8-week basic training period
Exercise stress test in stroke risk prediction
Osmotic and mechanical loading of chondrocytes in situ : effect of the extracellular and pericellular matrix on cell volume and morphology
Assessment of risk and prevention of type 2 diabetes in primary health care
Pediatric norms for cardiopulmonary exercise testing : in relation to sex and age
Heritability of type 2 diabetes and related traits
The book presents the latest advances in research into health effects of air pollution, with heavy motor vehicle traffic or cigarette smoke as the exemplar of pollution. The airways are the first-line defense system against pollution. The book focuses on respiratory ailments underlain by inflammation, increased susceptibility to infection, particularly acquired during harsh environmental conditions and exposures to particulate matter or pathogens. The importance of astute analysis of lung function for early diagnosis of disorders is underscored. A knowledge deficit concerning the aerosolized drug delivery through the airways also is addressed. Recent developments and viewpoints in the field of environmental health hazards as well as methodological advances in their assessment are provided. The book will be of interest to pulmonologists, healthcare providers, researchers and clinicians engaged in environment-related respiratory diseases, but also to policy makers concerned with clean ambient air quality.
Exercise in health and disease : evaluation and prescription for prevention and rehabilitation
ACSM's guidelines for exercise testing and prescription
