http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25219 video artists
video artists
Thank you for the music
Erwin Wurm: I love my time, I don't like my time
Patricia Reed : works 2003-05
Helsinki Photography Festival 2005
Hunnun salaisuus = The secret of the veil = Slöjans hemlighet
When I didn't know about you yet : visions of power and body in Marika Orenius's work
Mistä tulen, minne menen? = Where do I come from, where am I going?
Tony Oursler
VILKE Collection Zusammenfassung.
Stan Douglas
Genshiken. 5, The Doujinshi code
Laura Horelli : interviews, diaries and reports
Pop video : the art of pop video
Pursuit of happiness : film and video works 1977-2005
Video art : the Castello Di Rivoli collection
Art : 21 : art in the twenty-first century 4. Vol. 4
The paradoxical object : video film sculpture
Masters of science fiction and fantasy art : a collection of the most inspiring science fiction, fantasy, and gaming illustrators in the world
MoMA highlights since 1980 : 350 works from the Museum of Modern Art, New York
Paweł Althamer
Avatars and antiheroes : a guide to contemporary Chinese artists
Sunsets : notes from underground : waves
Reasons for knocking at an empty house : writings 1973-1994
Genshiken. 6, Where the boys are
Paavo Räbinä : arpien valitus : videoinstallaatioita = moans of scars : video installations
Jun Nguyen-Hatsushiba
Liisa Lounila : selected works
A story of deception
Bruce Nauman : the true artist
Videogames and art
Carol Rudyard : 6 videos on DVD
Christian Marclay
Tony Oursler : face to face
Richard Humann : delicate monster = huomaamaton hirviö
The amazing book is not on fire : the world of Dan and Phil
We are Dan and Phil and we invite you on a journey inside our minds! From the stories of our actual births, to exploring Phil's teenage diary and all the reasons why Dan's a fail. Learn how to draw the perfect cat whiskers, get advice on what to do in an awkward situation and discover which of our dining chairs represents you emotionally.
Tony Oursler : recent works
Mika Taanila : blackout : Ars Fennica 2015
Nam June Paik : becoming robot
Covered in time and history : the films of Ana Mendieta
DG : Douglas Gordon
The art of Bill Viola
Thinking in film : the politics of video installation according to Eija-Liisa Ahtila
Parallel presents : the art of Pierre Huyghe
Frank Kappas : vuoden nuori taiteilija 1998 = young artist of the year 1998
21 minutes : Estonia : Art Moscow, 7th International Art Fair, Central House of Artist 23.-27. April, 2003
The entertainment chapter
The fundamentals of digital art
Riot
Overlapping images and returning situations
Performance : Live art since the 60s
TE : Tracey Emin
A man does things
New China, new art
Bill Viola : the passions
Young chinese artists : the next generation
