http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25281 competing (recreation)
competing (recreation)
Gone with the bullets
Business success : a way of thinking about strategy, critical supply chain assets and operational best practice
Competitive advantage : creating and sustaining superior performance
Competition and innovation : microeconometric evidence using Finnish data
The impossible advantage : winning the competitive game by changing the rules
Competitive intelligence : create an intelligent organization and compete to win
The discipline of market leaders : choose your customers, narrow your focus, dominate your market
Successful Born Global internationalization : dynamic capabilities development
Competitive intelligence advantage : how to minimize risk, avoid surprises, and grow your business in a changing world
Competitive strategy : techniques for analyzing industries and competitors
Benchmarking workbook : with examples and ready-made forms
Developing a business plan for a company in Finland owned by foreigners. Case: Prime Sails Ltd
Business economics
Competing through innovation : technology strategy and antitrust policies
The purpose of this study is to explore the emergence of ecosystemic business models. Ecosystemic thinking has surfaced as a concept to explain the complexity and interconnected nature of modern business. It reflects a fundamental change in the way we view innovations in particular. Innovations are no longer considered to rise within organizational boundaries alone. Modern business is characterized by a diversity of innovation stakeholders from private and public backgrounds, from large organizations to users and citizens. To further the understanding on the research phenomenon of ecosystemic business models, this study relies on two streams of research: Open innovation and business model research. These fields of academic literature mirror well the paradigmatic shift on how the dynamism and change of modern, interconnected business context impacts innovations, value creation and capture and subsequent competitive advantage. The empirical part of this study has been conducted as qualitative case studies. Also conceptual frameworks have been based on empirical data. Drawing from ecosystem analogy, this study investigates different types of ecosystemic contexts, namely that of business ecosystems and innovation ecosystems, in order to determine not only how and why business models emerge, but also how they develop and transform in such a context. An ecosystemic view on business models emphasizes that value co-creation and co-capture need to be steered by a common motive based on mutually connected opportunities and collective value proposition. This research finds that in a complex, multileveled configuration of ecosystems, striving for synergy within the ecosystem is a prerequisite for successful building of ecosystemic value and competitive advantage as a whole. The results of the study indicate that business models are valid not only at organizational level but at theecosystemic level as well, as ecosystem synergy and successful orchestration can be achieved through utilizing the ecosystemic business model.
Hotel pricing in a social world : driving value in the digital economy
Revenue engine : why revenue performance management is the next frontier of competitive advantage
Creating competitive strategy : case company: Luottotalo Fenno Oy
The use of design in Finnish manufacturing firms
A typology of competitive actions
How countries compete : strategy, structure, and government in the global economy
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 17, Chapter 11, State and economy : Legal consequences of state regulation
Strategic concepts for assessing the potential of hospitality-related higher education in Uganda
Competition for deposits, risks of failure, and regulation in banking
New directions in supply chain management : technology, strategy, and implementation
The Japanese firm : the sources of competitive strength
Enhancing innovation capability and business opportunities : cases of SME-oriented applied research
Strategy as action : competitive dynamics and competitive advantage
Research programme on Finnish companies and the challenges of globalisation (LIIKE) : evaluation report
The Competitiveness of Tampere Central Region in  Localization Decisions of ICT Companies
Spillovers in R&D, RJV, and patent pooling
Strategy and place : managing corporate real estate and facilities for competitive advantage
Market research of window units and doors industry in Russia
Learning through cooperation and competition
Competitive intelligence for the competitive edge
Can Japan compete?
Report on competition policy 2007 : including Commission staff working document
Business environment : managing in a strategic context
Developing competitiveness of a company using a new business process engineering concept
Do foreign players change the nature of the game among local entrepreneurs?
Exploring business models in ecosystemic contexts
Sources of competitive adventage for Röhm's market entry operations to Thailand : potential action steps according to Porter's theories measured against interviews
Competitive tendering : management and reality - achieving value for money
Report on competition policy 2006 : including Commission staff working document
Information systems role in strategic agility : a supply chain context
Proofreading market viability for Native English Solutions
Step-by-step competitive strategy
Essence of business economics
Management, education and competitiveness : Europe, Japan and the United States
An unAmerican business : the rise of the new European enterprise
Operational efficiency of forest energy supply chains in different operational environments
Contemporary strategy analysis
Launching a small business in competitive market environment: case study: Aditam - Puts you in the front line. Online
Competitiveness of the European Union publishing industries : [final report]
Report on competition policy
Competition in local loan markets : an application of linear city-model with price discrimination
Abstract.
Yearbook
Essays on competition in e-markets
About generating a competitive advantage from contracting competence
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Self-initiated design businesses : prevalent actions in design entrepreneurship
Many faces of innovation : from literature synthesis to empirical studies
Transparency and tacit collusion in a differentiated market
Beating the commodity trap : how to maximize your competitive position and increase your pricing power
Competitive strategy
Business plan TaDo Footwear trading company
Knowledge, space, economy
This thesis is made as a case study for an Oulu based indoor activity park. The case company also organizes work welfare activity services for business customers. The objective of this thesis is to determine what kind of work well-being activities companies in Oulu region organizes. Another objective is to find out what are the key issues the case company needs to pay attention to in order to be able to provide attractive services for companies. It was also wanted to examine companies’ expectations towards the benefits that can be achieved by organizing work welfare activity days. Work welfare is the competitive tool which creates financial performance. Work well-being must be considered from the perspective of profitability of the business so that its effects can be utilized in the best possible way. In this thesis the work welfare’s impacts on competitiveness were examined through three main players: productivity and cost-efficiency, quality of work and customer satisfaction, and intangible assets. .Another part of the theory consist of the factors affecting work well-being from the individual and organizational point of view. There has been used Rauramo’s five steps of work well-being- model examines the basic needs with respect of work. The research method used in this thesis is quantitative semi-structured research. It was conducted as a questionnaire which was sent to the respondents via e-mail. Smaller companies had bigger budgets and they organize more often work welfare activity days which last one day. The companies were interested in organizing work welfare activity days in the future as well as having new experiences. Comfortable environment was found out to be the most important factor when choosing a place where to organize work welfare days. The importance of evening program and wide range of options emerged. Companies believed that work welfare has an impact on the company’s success. Relaxation, elevating team spirit and work motivation were found to be the key objectives. The company should focus on smaller companies since they have bigger budgets. Investing in websites is important since companies find information online. The work well-being activity days should have a variety of options to choose from since it occurred many times in the study. The opportunity for evening program was found to be important. The activities uplifting team spirit are worth investing in since it occurred many times in the study.
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014: analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
Competitiveness and business environment in Finland : an international benchmarking
Industrial policy for national champions
Competitive advantage : creating and sustaining superior performance, with a new introduction
The office of the competition ombudsman and the local authorities : a collision between local government law and business law
Abstract: TaDO Footwear tradingcompany.
Process-based strategic planning
Cleared for take-off : structure and strategy in the low fare airline business
The competitiveness of Finland's large urban regions
Business and competitive analysis : effective application of new and classic methods
Beating low cost competition : how premium brands can respond to cut-price rivals beating the competition
Strategic development approach in a case company
Marketing strategy and competitive positioning
Business environment and strategies of wood industry companies in Leningrad and Vologda regions : results from a pilot study
The Marketing-Orientated Business Plan for a Company-To-Be, Case: Lauriida
University research performance : influence of funding competition, policy steering and micro-level factors
The effects of R&D cooperation and labour mobility on innovation
Management quality and competitiveness : lessons from the industrial excellence award
Start your business week by week : how to plan and launch your successful business - one step at a time
Coopetition strategy : theory, experiments and cases
Introductory economics for business and management
Implementing sustainable competitive advantage for proactive operations in global turbulent business environments
Understanding business systems in developing countries
Essentials of strategic management : the quest for competitive advantage
Strategy for sustainability : a business manifesto
Work welfare activities' attractiveness from business customers' point of view : case study
Good to great : why some companies make the leap...and others don't
Going global : the challenges for knowledge-based economies
Evolution of software business in industrial companies : resources, capabilities and strategy
