http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25262 rhythmics
rhythmics
"A highly original work in the philosophy of music and sound, offering an in-depth study of the nature and purpose of rhythm"--
Expressive singing : Dalcroze eurythmics for voice
Groove : a phenomenology of rhythmic nuance
The eclectic curriculum in American music education : contributions of Dalcroze, Kodaly, and Orff
This is the first book to study the impact of invective poetics associated with early Greek iambic poetry on Roman imperial authors and audiences. It demonstrates how authors as varied as Ovid and Gregory Nazianzen wove recognizable elements of the iambic tradition (e.g. meter, motifs, or poetic biographies) into other literary forms (e.g. elegy, oratorical prose, anthologies of fables), and it shows that the humorous, scurrilous, efficacious aggression of Archilochus continued to facilitate negotiations of power and social relations long after Horace's Epodes. The eclectic approach encompasses Greek and Latin, prose and poetry, and exploratory interludes appended to each chapter help to open four centuries of later classical literature to wider debates about the function, propriety and value of the lowest and most debated poetic form from archaic Greece. Each chapter presents a unique variation on how these imperial authors became Archilochus – however briefly and to whatever end.
Playing music with the whole body : eurhythmics and motor development
Intro to polyrhythms : contracting and expanding time within form. Vol. 1
Summary.
The real beatbox school : Beginner
Polyrhythms : the musician's guide
Dalcroze today : an education through and into music
Sight reading mastery for bass guitar : learn to read music the right way
"Few words are sung in it" : questions of methodology in studying Sami yoik texts
Sight reading mastery for guitar : learn to read music the right way
"Written by an experienced drummer and philosopher, Groove is a vivid and exciting study of one of music's most central and relatively unexplored aspects. Tiger C. Roholt explains why grooves, which are forged in music's rhythmic nuances, remain hidden to some listeners. He argues that grooves are not graspable through the intellect nor through mere listening; rather, grooves are disclosed through our bodily engagement with music. We grasp a groove bodily by moving with music's pulsations. By invoking the French philosopher Maurice Merleau-Ponty's notion of "motor intentionality," Roholt shows that the "feel" of a groove, and the understanding of it, are two sides of a coin: to "get" a groove just is to comprehend it bodily and to feel that embodied comprehension"--
The reference rhythm method
Advanced rhythmic concepts for guitar : an in-depth study into metric modulation, polyrhythms and polymeters
Body beats
Inside improvisation series. Vol. 4 : Melodic rhythms
The key to drum polyrhythms : four-limb polyrythmic coordination on the drum set
The book of songs & rhymes with beat motions : keeping the beat
Musical growth and development : birth through six
Rhythmic reading for drummers
Energii ale timpului muzical : studii esentiale de functionalism pulsatoric = Energies of musical time : essential studies of pulsatory functionalism
Eurhythmics of Jaques-Dalcroze : introduction by Professor M. E. Sadler
Complete technique for modern guitar : total fretboard accuracy
Bill Robinson's stair dances : a musicologic analysis of tap dance
Eurythmics for autism and other neurophysiologic diagnoses : a sensorimotor music-based treatment approach
Embodiment in Dalcroze Eurhythmics
Drum gahu : an introduction to African rhythm
The Eurhythmics of Jaques-Dalcroze
Creative rhythmic movement for children
Iambic poetics in the Roman Empire
4-way coordination : a method book for the development of complete independence on the drum set
Songames for sensory processing
Eurhythmics for autism and other neurophysiologic diagnoses : a sensorimotor music-based treatment approach
Brazilian rhythm section training
Playing musik with the hole body : eurythmics and motor development
The Voces 8 method
