http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25276 girl culture
girl culture
Lily's garden of India
Girls : feminine adolescence in popular culture and cultural theory
Next wave cultures : feminism, subcultures, activism
Queen bees & wannabes : helping your daughter survive cliques, gossip, boyfriends and  other realities of adolescence
What more can we do? : developing a multicultural action plan for the Girls' House, a meeting place for girls and young women in Helsinki
Girl trouble : panic and progress in the history of young women
Year book. 1986-1987
How young ladies became girls : the Victorian origins of American girlhood
Abstract (1 s.).
Describes how clothing for girls in the United States has reflected society's changing views on children, from dressing girls as little adults in the seventeenth century to allowing girls to express themselves by choosing from a variety of styles in the twenty-first century. Who thought up bloomers? Why were three-year-old colonial girls bound up in corsets? How did fashions such as voluminous muttonchop sleeves and incredibly wide hoopskirts catch on? From corsets and bustles to blue jeans and bell-bottoms, an acclaimed author of art books for children takes a thoughtful look at what American girls have been wearing from Colonial times to the present. Through pictures and a lively text, Leslie Sills presents practical as well as outrageous garments, how clothing was made, the people who made the clothes, and how fashion was marketed to women. This book includes more than sixty pictures and photographs, a glossary, index, bibliography, webography, and list of museums with costume collections.
This groundbreaking collection offers a complicated portrait of girls in the 21st Century. These are the riot grrls and the Spice Girls, the good girls and the bad girls who are creating their own "girl" culture and giving a whole new meaning to "grrl" power. Featuring provocative essays from leaders in the field like Michelle Fine, Angela McRobbie, Valerie Walkerdine, Nancy Lesko, Niobe Way and Deborah Tolman, this work brings to life the ever-changing identities of today's young women. The contributors cover all aspects of girlhood from around the world and strike upon such key areas as schooling, sexuality, popular culture and identity. This is new scholarship at its best.
"A panoramic account of the ever-evolving opportunities and challenges for girls, the new ways they have [been] able to present and speak up for themselves, and the popular hysteria that has frequently accompanied their progress"--P. [4] of cover.
The modern girl : girlhood and growing up
The lost days
Abstracts of the refereed articles
Habits of mind and academic endeavors : the correlates and consequences of achievement goal orientations
Cultural adaptation in the Finnish translations of girls' books
Defining females : the nature of women in society
A history of the Takarazuka Revue since 1914 : modernity, girls' culture, Japan pop
Young femininity : girlhood, power and social change
Feminism and youth culture : from 'Jackie' to 'Just Seventeen'
Born confused
The girls' history and culture reader : the nineteenth century
Educating Muslim girls : shifting discourses
Fashioning the feminine : girls, popular culture and schooling
Queen bees & wannabes : helping your daughter survive cliques, gossip, boyfriends, and other realities of adolescence
New feminisms, gender equality and neoliberalism in swedish girl films, 1995-2006
The princess story : modeling the feminine in twentieth-century American fiction and film
He named me Malala
The girls in the gang
Piece of mind
The author explores her own conflicting feelings as a mother as she protects her offspring and probes the roots and tendrils of the girlie-girl movement and concludes that parents who think through their values early on and set reasonable limits, encourage dialogue and skepticism, and are canny about the consumer culture can combat the 24/7 "media machine" aimed at girls and hold off the focus on beauty, materialism, and the color pink somewhat.
Red mandarin dress
Changing cultures : feminism, youth and consumerism
Thousand cranes
Fashioning Japanese subcultures
Homegirls : language and cultural practice among Latina youth gangs
Own or other culture
Girlfriends and postfeminist sisterhood
All about the girl : culture, power, and identity
Feminism and youth culture
"Western fashion has been widely appreciated and consumed in Tokyo for decades, but since the mid-1990s Japanese youth have been playing a crucial role in forming their own unique fashion communities and producing creative styles which have had a major impact on fashion globally. Geographically and stylistically defined, subcultures such as Lolita in Harajuku, Gyaru and Gyaru-o in Shibuya, Agejo in Shinjuku and Mori Girl in Kouenji, reflect the affiliation and identities of their members, and have often blurred the boundary between professionals and amateurs for models, photographers, merchandisers and designers. Based on insightful ethnographic fieldwork in Tokyo, is the first theoretical and analytical study on Japan's contemporary youth subcultures and their stylistic expressions. It is essential reading for students, scholars and anyone interested in fashion, sociology and subcultures"--
What is a princess story? In this subgenre, newly defined in The Princess Story, the protagonist either is a princess or is attempting to become one: the girl transforms into or identifies herself as a princess through marriage or through discovered identity, or both. Princess lessons often accompany this transformation, lessons that not only educate the fictional girl but also the reader. Cultural expectations and anxieties about the roles of girls and women are transmitted through princess stories, and the dialogic nature of feminism and patriarchy, forces for progress and forces for tradition, can be explored through their study. In this book, feminism and progress are embodied by the first, second, and third wave of feminist princess stories; patriarchy and tradition are represented by Disney Studios’ princess stories. All of these stories influenced their readers, some of whom grew up to write their own princess stories, stories that reflected and – they hoped – furthered their ideological goals. Princess stories of the early 2000s are compelling in that they tensely balance romance and feminist assumptions. Anyone interested in folklore studies, feminist studies, children’s literature, Disney studies, film adaptations, psychology, sociology, or theories of child development will find The Princess Story: Modeling the Feminine in Twentieth-Century American Fiction and Film essential reading. When contemplating the changes made by feminists to American culture, no one figure is as worth examining as the fictional princess, and no book has yet approached the topic as thoroughly as this one.
Chisungu : a girls' initiation ceremony among the Bemba of Zambia
21st century girls : how female minds develop, how to raise bright, balanced girls and why today's world needs them more than ever
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
Girlhood and the politics of place
Summary.
Experiential function in stereotyped characterisation in an American situation comedy The golden girls
Pretty in punk : girls' gender resistance in a boys' subculture
The modern girl around the world : consumption, modernity, and globalization
Looking good : a study of gendered body ideals among young people
Young women and the body : a feminist sociology
Youth : positions and oppositions : style, sexuality and schooling
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Dark times : a novel
Making sense of the teenage body : sociological perspectives on girls, changing bodies and knowledge
"Fashioning the Feminine" is a critical consideration of the roles played by popular culture and schooling in the construction of teenage female identity, and the possibilities that exist for challenges and change to that identity. Much has been written in the past decade about the ways in which popular cultural texts construct and legitimize particular images of femininity and masculinity. At the same time, there has been a recognition of the need for schools to provide classroom space and time for the real lived experiences of students. This book explores a field that is now of major concern to a number of different disciplines - sociology, gender studies, literary theory, socio-linguistics, cultural studies and education studies - and to anyone interested in the relationships between gender, culture and education. "Pam Gilbert is a Senior Lecturer in Education at James Cook University, Townsville. She is particularly interested in issues linking literature, language, gender and schooling practices, and is the author of "Coming out from under, Contemporary Australian women writers, Gender, literacy and the classroom" and "Writing, schooling and deconstruction". Sandra Taylor is a Senior Lecturer in Sociology of Education at Queensland Institute of Technology. She has a special interest in gender and schooling, and in policy issues relating to the education of girls. She is co-author of "Undersanding schooling: an introductory sociology of Australian education" and "Battlers and bluestockings: women's place in Australian education. This book is intended for students and researchers in gender studies.
Chisungu : a girl's initiation ceremony among the Bemba of Zambia
Children's games in the new media age : childlore, media and the playground
Violence today : actually-existing barbarism
The girls
I am Malala : the girl who stood up for education and was shot by the Taliban
Vocational education and culture : European prospects from history and life-history
Abstract: Racist identity within youth groups : a case study in the city of Joensuu at the turn of the millenium.
Twenty girls : growing up, ethnicity and excitement in a South London microculture
The company she keeps : an ethnography of girls' friendship
Malala : how one girl stood up for education and changed the world
Girlhood : a global history
After subculture : critical studies in contemporary youth culture
Disciplines of virtue : girls' culture in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries
Abstract: Racist identity within youth groups : a case study in the city of Joensuu at the turn of the millenium
Some readings would see Barbie as reproducing ethnicity and gender in a particularly coarse and damaging way - a cultural icon of racism and sexism. Rogers develops a broader, more challenging picture. She shows how the cultural meaning of Barbie is more ambiguous than the narrow, appearance-dominated model that is attributed to the doll. For a start, Barbie's sexual identity is not clear-cut. Similarly her class situation is ambiguous. But all interpretations agree that, with her enormous range of lifestyle 'accessories', Barbie exists to consume.
From rags to riches : a history of girls' clothing in America
The girls' history and culture reader : the twentieth century
The cultural construction of gender and care on the street
The valley of amazement
The teahouse fire : [a novel]
Fangtastic!
Preliminary materials for a theory of the young-girl
Girls, cultural productions, and resistance
Malala : the girl who stood up for education and changed the world
Gender tales from Africa : voices of children and women against discrimination
The girls in the gang : a report from New York City
"Make it yourself" : home sewing, gender, and culture, 1890-1930
Delinquents and debutantes : twentieth-century American girl's cultures
Straight from the heart : gender, intimacy, and the cultural production of shōjo manga
Cinderella ate my daughter : dispatches from the front lines of the new girlie-girl culture
Cognitive changes in reader-evoked frames : culture-specific references in Edna O'Brien's The Country Girls and its Finnish translation
