http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25217 media artists
media artists
Media-art-history
The complete guide to altered imagery : mixed-media techniques for collage, altered books, artists journals, and more
A collection of weekly columns written from March 2012 through January 2014 for the Chicago free alternative newspaper Newcity, each accompanied by an original work of his art.
The dictionary of art. 22, Montald to Neufforge
We are Dan and Phil and we invite you on a journey inside our minds! From the stories of our actual births, to exploring Phil's teenage diary and all the reasons why Dan's a fail. Learn how to draw the perfect cat whiskers, get advice on what to do in an awkward situation and discover which of our dining chairs represents you emotionally.
The dictionary of art. 4, Biardeau to Brüggemann
The dictionary of art. 12, Gairard to Goodhue
Genius at crossroads : the new role of the 21st century artist
The dictionary of art. 7, China, VIII, jade-carving to Cossa
Leonardo the inventor
Ambitious bitch : Marita Liulia manual ; [translation: Tomi Snellman] ; [traduction: Aline Vannier-Sihvola]
Invisible New York cities : 100 days of nearby tweets
VILKE Collection Zusammenfassung.
The dictionary of art. 16, Iraq to Janoušek
The dictionary of art. 27, Rome, ancient, §III: planning to Savot
Art : 21 : art in the twenty-first century 4. Vol. 4
The dictionary of art. 5, Bugghen, ter to Casson
The arts and crafts computer : using your computer as an artist's tool
The dictionary of art. 2, Ancona to Azzolino
The dictionary of art. 25, Pittoni to Raphael
The dictionary of art. 8, Cossiers to Diotto
Charles Sandison : the reading room = irakurgela = sala de lectura
Ambitious bitch : [multimedia] dive into feminity
The dictionary of art. 9, Diploma work to Egypt, ancient, X: painting and drawng
The fundamentals of digital art
Mediated music makers : constructing author images in popular music
The guerilla guide to performance art : how to make a living as an artist
Art Inc : the essential guide for building your career as an artist
Great artists : an interactive exploration of their work, lives and times
The dictionary of art. 18, Kettle to Leathart
Bill Viola : the passions
Erkki Kurenniemi : a man from the future
The dictionary of art. 21, Medallion to Montalbani
The dictionary of art. 29, Södermark to Summerson
Please pay attention please: Bruce Nauman's words : writings and interviews
Art of the 20th century. Vol. 1, Painting
Video art : the Castello Di Rivoli collection
Santeri Tuori : video and photography 1998-2003
Art and electronic media
Fans, friends & followers : building an audience and a creative career
Upstaged : making theatre in the media age
The dictionary of art. 32, Varnish to Wavere
The dictionary of art. 23, Neuhuys to Pandit Seu
Light art : Targetti Light Art Collection
The dictionary of art. 15, Hungary, §VI: ceramics to Iran, ancient
The dictionary of art. 14, Habsburg, II: Spanish branch to Hungary, V: Interior decoration and furniture
Tacita Dean
Blogging for Bliss : crafting your own online journal, a guide for crafters, artists & cratives of all kinds
Educating artists for the future : learning at the intersections of art, science, technology, and culture
Synthesis and nullification : works 1991-2011
The dictionary of art. 30, Summonte to Tinne
Gordon Monahan - seeing sound : sound art, performance and music 1978 - 2011 ; [catalogue of exhibitions held at MacLaren Art Centre, Barrie, Ontario (February 26 - May 29, 2011) ...]
Carol Rudyard : 6 videos on DVD
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
Cream 3 : contemporary art in culture : 10 curators : 100 contemporary artists : 10 source artist
The mystery of Magritte
Leonardo da Vinci : the paintings
The dictionary of art. 10, Egypt, ancient, XI: writing and books to Ferrant
The dictionary of art. 11, Ferrara to Gainsborough
Pursuit of happiness : film and video works 1977-2005
Stelarc : the monograph
Yvette Brackman : land
The dictionary of art. 31, Tinoco to Varna
The amazing book is not on fire : the world of Dan and Phil
Elixir : the video organism of Pipilotti Rist
The dictionary of art. 33, Wax to Zyvele. Appendices
The dictionary of art. 19, Leather to Macho
Culture-gates : exposing professional 'gate-keeping' processes in music and new media arts : an ERICarts report
The dictionary of art. 28, Savoy to Soderini
The dictionary of art. 24, Pandolfini to Pitti
The art of Bill Viola
Art and the Internet
The dictionary of art. 13, Goodnough to Habsburg, I: Austrian branch
The dictionary of art. 26, Raphon to Rome, ancient, §II: architecture
The dictionary of art. 20, Mächtig to Medal
Play : aesthetics of technology
The dictionary of art. 34, Index
Incite 4, Relax, Restore, Renew : the Best of Mixed Media
Mass effect : art and the internet in the twenty-first century
The dictionary of art. 3, B to Biard
Palavat tornit : otteita Suomen taiteen 1980-luvusta = Burning towers : excerpts from the Finnish art of the 1980s
The dictionary of art. 17, Jansen to Ketel
The dictionary of art. 6, Cassone to China, VII: ceramics
