http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25226 history politics
history politics
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
Politics of the past : the use and abuse of history
The Royal Prerogative redefined : parliamentary debate on the role of the British Parliament in large-scale military deployments, 1982-2003
Once upon a time in Russia : the rise of the oligarchs and the greatest wealth in history
Tiedenaisia = Vetenskapskvinnor = Women of learning
The mystified war : regeneration and sacrifice
Blood at the root : a racial cleansing in America
The battle backwards : a comparative study of the battle of Kosovo Polje (1389) and the Munich agreement (1938) as political myths
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Politics of commemoration on the streets of 1920s Helsinki
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
Trade and war : the neutrality of commerce in the inter-state system
Queens consort, cultural transfer and European politics, c. 1500-1800
Masters of the universe : Hayek, Friedman, and the birth of neoliberal politics
Swedish forest policy since 1990 : reforms and consequences
Coal, commerce and communism : empirical studies on energy history in the Czech republic
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
Health : the first prerequisite of the joy of life : the history of the subject of health education in Finland
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1997.
Language of the land : policy, politics, identity
"The reconstruction of society after conflict is complex and multifaceted. This book investigates this theme as it relates to cultural heritage through a number of case studies relating to European wars since 1864. The case studies show in detail how buildings, landscapes, and monuments become important agents in postconflict reconstruction, as well as how their meanings change and how they become sites of competition over historical narratives and claims. Looking at iconic and lesser-known sites, this book connects broad theoretical discussions of reconstruction and memorialization to specific physical places, and in the process it traces shifts in their meanings over time. This book identifies common threads and investigates their wider implications. It explores the relationship between cultural heritage and international conflict, paying close attention to the long aftermaths of acts of destruction and reconstruction and making important contributions through the use of new empirical evidence and critical theory. Marie Louise Stig Sorensen is a Reader in Archaeology at the University of Cambridge and Professor of Bronze Age Studies at Leiden University. She coordinates the University of Cambridge's postgraduate degree program in archaeological heritage and museums, one of the first degree courses in this field"--Provided by publisher.
Transformations in Central Europe between 1989 and 2012 : geopolitical, cultural, and socioeconomic shifts
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
War and cultural heritage : biographies of place
"Use the past to serve the present!" : PRC history politics and the Hong Kong handover 1997
Remembering the German Democratic Republic : divided memory in a united Germany
Red April
Tradition in Chinese politics : the Party-state’s reinvention of the past and the critical response from public intellectuals
Why do certain places and not others symbolically capture the past and freeze time? Likewise, why does the process of memory, as a fluid and changing activity, seem to prevent its own solidification? "Memory and Representation in Contemporary Europe" reflects not only on the persistence of the past as a theme linked to modernity, media and time, but also discusses the politics of memory within a changing Europe. Drawing on the theoretical work of Hannah Arendt, Isaiah Berlin and Zygmunt Bauman, Siobhan Kattago uses examples from both Germany and Estonia in order to address the multiple layers of Europe's totalitarian past. Through reflecting on the legacy of totalitarianism and the revolutions of 1989, it becomes clear that the issue is less of whether one should remember, but rather how to internalize the various lessons of the past for the future of Europe. "Memory and Representation in Contemporary Europe" thus offers the reader occasions upon which to take stock of different but overlapping contours of past and present in contemporary Europe.
The quest for prosperity and liberty : a study on the narrative romances of Park Chung-hee and Chun Doo-hwan
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in the 1920s and 1930s
Estonia gravitates towards Sweden : nordic identity and activist regionalism in world war I
West-östliche Europastudien : Rechtskultur, Kulturgeschichte, Geschichtspolitik = West-eastern European studies : legal culture, cultural history, politics of history
What is a context? : linguistic approaches and challenges
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Fragmented France : two centuries of disputed identity
The presence of the past in politics : "1956" after 1956 in Hungary
Bringing the dark past to light : the reception of the Holocaust in postcommunist Europe
Linguistic diversity in Europe : current trends and discourses
Evoking Polish memory : state, self and the Communist past in transition
Religion in the mirror of law : Eastern European perspectives from the early modern period to 1939
Adaptation to world trends : a rereading of the May Fourth Movement radicalization
The Chinese party-state in the 21st century : adaptation and the reinvention of legitimacy
A Sociohistorical View of Cultural Policies
"A planned, organized and premeditated political turmoil in Beijing" : 1989 Chinese student uprising as official history
The inseparable union of taxation and representation : a conceptual approach on the idea of representation during the controversies on the excise scheme and the Stamp Act, 1732-1734 and 1765-1766
Constructing national security : U.S. relations with India and China
White Trash : The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America
Churches under communism
Great Britain, British Jews and the international protection of Romanian Jews, 1900-1914 : a study of Jewish diplomacy and minority rights
Zeit, Geschichte und Politik = Time, history and politics : zum achtzigsten Geburtstag von Reinhart Koselleck
Languages at war : policies and practices of language contacts in conflict
Luck and the Irish : a brief history of change from 1970
Disputed memory : emotions and memory politics in Central, Eastern and South-Eastern Europe
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
The Battle of Kulikovo refought : "the first national feat"
The political lives of dead bodies : reburial and postsocialist change
The Middle East in the American quest for world order : ideas of power, economics, and social development in United States foreign policy, 1953-1961
This book uncovers the true force behind most of the political processes in the Middle East over almost half a century. Through constant confrontations and negotiations with Israel and the Palestinians, under the watchful eye of the United States, the King managed to create a new Middle Eastern nation-state: the Jordanian country and its people. The focus of the book is Hussein's deep concern for the future of the last Hashemite monarchy, together with his own set of personal and ideological convictions, as they impacted on many of his strategic decisions and their contribution to the formation of present-day Jordan.
Storylines : politics, history and narrative from an Arendtian perspective
"A gripping tale of racial cleansing in Forsyth County, Georgia and ... testament to the deep roots of racial violence in America ... Patrick Phillips breaks the century-long silence of his hometown and uncovers a history of racial terrorism that continues to shape America in the twenty-first century."
Memory and representation in contemporary Europe : the persistence of the past
Government Policy and the Demands for Economic Innovations: A Historical Example of a European Periphery
Spaces of Polyphony
The yo-yo yen : and the future of the Japanese economy
Blood of tyrants
Strategy : a history
Democracy's duty : the history of political debates on compulsory voting
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
League of dragons
Queens Consort, Cultural Transfer and European Politics examines the roles that queens consort played in dynastic politics and cultural transfer between their natal and marital courts during the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries. This collection of essays analyses the part that these queens played in European politics, showing how hard and soft power, high politics and cultural influences, cannot be strictly separated. It shows that the root of these consorts' power lay in their dynastic networks and the extent to which they cultivated them. The consorts studied in this book come from territories such as Austria, Braunschweig, Hanover, Poland, Portugal, Prussia and Saxony and travel to, among other places, Britain, Naples, Russia, Spain and Sweden. The various chapters address different types of cultural manifestation, among them collecting, portraiture, panegyric poetry, libraries, theatre and festivals, learning, genealogical literature and architecture. The volume significantly shifts the direction of scholarship by moving beyond a focus on individual historical women to consider 'queens consort' as a category, making it valuable reading for students and scholars of early modern gender and political history.
The beginning of the Cold War as a phenomenon of realpolitik : U.S. Secretary of State James F. Byrnes in the field of power politics 1945 - 1947
To commemorate or not : the Finnish Labor Movement and the memory of the Civil War in the interwar period
Divination, politics, and ancient Near Eastern empires
The politics of ancient Israel
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1999, vol. 3.
Changing perceptions of 1918 : World War II and the post-war rise of the Left
The war of liberation, the civil guards, and the Veterans' Union : public memory in the interwar period
Peopling the Russian periphery : borderland colonization in Eurasian history
Masculinities and the ideal warrior : images of the Jäger movement
Early Tudor government : Henry VII
State composers and the red courtiers : music, ideology, and politics in the Soviet 1930s
Theory and practice of the welfare state in Europe in 20th century
Cultural nationalism in contemporary China : the search for national identity under reform
Woodrow Wilson's view of Germany
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought, conceptual history and feminist theory. 2012/2013, vol. 16
International history of the twentieth century and beyond
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1998, vol. 2.
Rozkulačeno! : půlstoletí perzekuce selského stavu = Half a century of persecution of the peasant estate
Finland and the United States, 1917-1919 : early years of mutual relations
The new Tsar : the rise and reign of Vladimir Putin
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
Abstract: Equality and Progress - The Finnish Education Project Under Russian Rule.
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
The political legacy of King Hussein
The lost history of 1914 : how the Great War was not inevitable
Politicians and the slump : the Labour government of 1929-1931
Journal of Inner and East Asian Studies
In Strategy: A History, Sir Lawrence Freedman captures the vast history of strategic thinking, how strategy came to pervade every aspect of our lives. The range of Freedman's narrative is moving from the advanced strategy practiced in primate groups, to the opposing strategies of Achilles and Odysseus in The Iliad, the strategic advice of Sun Tzu and Machiavelli, the great military innovations of Baron Henri de Jomini and Carl von Clausewitz, the grounding of revolutionary strategy in class struggles by Marx, the insights into corporate strategy found in Peter Drucker and Alfred Sloan, and the contributions of the leading social scientists working on strategy today. The core issue at the heart of strategy, the author notes, is whether it is possible to manipulate and shape our environment rather than simply become the victim of forces beyond one's control. Time and again, Freedman demonstrates that the inherent unpredictability of this environment-subject to chance events, the efforts of opponents, the missteps of friends-provides strategy with its challenge and its drama. Armies or corporations or nations rarely move from one predictable state of affairs to another, but instead feel their way through a series of states, each one not quite what was anticipated, requiring a reappraisal of the original strategy, including its ultimate objective. Thus the picture of strategy that emerges in this book is one that is fluid and flexible, governed by the starting point, not the end point.
The Post-Cold War memory culture of the Civil War : old-new patterns and new approaches
Weight of the past : memory , myth, and policies of China's 'Century of national humiliation'
The battle for Zimbabwe : the final countdown
In Trump we trust : e pluribus awesome!
Forestry in Namibia 1850-1990
The politics of gender pay equity : policy mechanisms, institutionalised undervaluation, and non-decision making
Beyond welfare state models : transnational historical perspectives on social policy
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Ylioppilaslehti and the university's language struggle in the 1920s and 1930s
Perspectives on the Taiwan issue
The use and abuse of history
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
Representation, nation and time : the political rhetoric of the 1866 parliamentary reform in Sweden
Constraints in discourse 3 : representing and inferring discourse structure
The Finnish Civil War 1918 : history, memory, legacy
Beyond the miracle : inside the new South Africa
Emphasising the significance of foreign languages at the centre of war and conflict, this book argues that 'foreignness' and foreign languages are key to our understanding of what happens in war. Through case studies the book traces the role of languages in intelligence, military deployment, soldier/civilian meetings, occupation and peace building.
Standard languages and multilingualism in European history
