http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2528 refrigeration
refrigeration cooling
Thermal management of ATLAS inner tracking detector
Chilled : how refrigeration changed the world, and might do so again
New refrigerants for air conditioning and refrigeration systems
Adsorption studies on iron oxides with reference to the oxide films formed on material surfaces in nuclear power plants
Reliability analysis of liquid cooled direct drive permanent magnet synchronus generators
The capability of the selective laser melting process in the manufacture of heat transfer devices
Introduction to chemical engineering thermodynamics
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 4.
Introduction to food engineering
Energy-efficient industrial systems : evaluation and implementation
Utilization of an ice vest and its effects on core body temperature in wheelchair rugby players during a simulated game situation
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 5.
Roof cooling techniques : a design handbook
Legionellosis prevention in building water and HVAC systems : a practical guide for design, operation and maintenence to minimize the risk
Refrigeration equipment : a servicing and installation handbook
Food process design
Liquid cooling solutions for rotating permanent magnet synchronous machines
Pressure loss calculation of the cooling water systems
Entropy generation minimization : the method of thermodynamic optimization of finite-size systems and finite-time processes
Two-dimensional atom localization and Raman cooling of tripod-type atoms
Waste heat recovery of passenger car using a combination of rankine bottoming cycle and evaporative engine cooling system
Geothermal HVAC : green heating and cooling
Principles of refrigeration
Aerodynamics of road vehicles : from fluid mechanics to vehicle engineering
Groundwater as an energy resource in Finland
Design of a solar thermal powered cooling system
Heating and cooling with focus on increased energy efficiency and improved comfort : guidebook to IEA ECBCS Annex 37, Low exergy systems for heating and cooling of buildings : summary report
Evaluation of bubble formation and break up in supression pools by using pattern recognition methods
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Greenhouse Cooling : Alemeria, Spain
On-chip cooling by quasiparticle tunnelling below 1 kelvin
ASHRAE terminology of heating, ventilation, air conditioning, & refrigeration
Make it safe : a guide to food safety
Making a good catch : non-CFC technologies in the fishery cold chain
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 1-2
Greenhouse operation and management
Commercial cooling of fruits, vegetables, and flowers
Characterization of MgB2 superconductors in conduction-cooled systems
ASHRAE pocket guide for air conditioning, heating, ventilation, refrigeration
Advances in building energy research
Mechanisms of accelerated recovery boiler char bed cooling with sodium bicarbonate
How small and medium-sized enterprises in developing countries can protect the ozone layer
Industrial refrigeration handbook
Simulation of long-term cooling in the VVER- 640 power plant after a large break LOCA on the pactel facility : pre-test analysis using the RELAP5/MOD3.2 computer code
Light and heavy vehicle technology
Thermal performance of buildings : calculation of energy use for space heating and cooling : draft international standard
Proceedings of the Fifth International Postharvest Symposium : Verona, Italy, June 6-11, 2004
Inhibition of chilling injury and quality changes in pineapple fruit with prestorage heat treatment
Techniques in organic chemistry : miniscale, standard taper microscale, and Williamson microscale
Thermal responses of the hand to convective and contact cold - with and without gloves
Impingement cooling of solid foods : fluid modelling, heat transfer and texture effects : a literature survey
Application of solar refrigeration technology
Handbook of air conditioning and refrigeration
Re-routing of cooling water pipeline
Effects of climate change on electricity consumption : a review of the methods available in the Nordic countries for the Nordic research project "Climate change and energy production"
Adaptive cooling of integrated circuits using digital microfluidics
Processing and quality of foods. Vol. 3, Chilled foods: the revolution in freshness
Heating and cooling of buildings : design for efficiency
A handbook on low-energy buildings and district-energy systems : fundamentals, techniques and examples
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 2.
Optimum Cooling of Data Centers : application of Risk Assessment and Mitigation Techniques / Jun Dai ...[et al.]
Cooling techniques for electronic equipment
Low temperature heating and high temperature cooling : embedded water based surface heating and cooling systems
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 6
Mobile device cooling with heat pipes
Cooling and heat transport in low dimensional phonon systems, superconductors and silicon
Prefeasibility study on cool storage systems
The object of this thesis was to examine the design principles of ship air conditioning systems in accommodation spaces regarding the standardized dimensioning, and to create a design tool that suits for this purpose with Microsoft Excel 2010. In order to give the reader a general overview of the subject, the beginning of this thesis concentrates on introducing general air conditioning systems onboard and various components related to them. After this, the basis of calculation for ship air conditioning regarding heat loads and air quantities is presented. The dimensioning of air conditioning systems is based on the international standard ISO 7547:2002, which is generally used in ship building projects. The created design tool functions according to the standard`s specifications and formulas. As the outcome of this thesis, a complete design tool is introduced. It enables a faster and more consistent way of performing heat load and air quantity calculations, and reporting to clients. The thesis was made as an assignment of Foreship Ltd.
Managing the cold chain for quality and safety
Electrical and thermal applications of carbon nanotube films
Refrigeration and air-conditioning
Refrigerating systems : CIBSE commissioning code R
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 3.
Good practices in refrigeration : training manual
Refrigeration systems and applications
Experiments on active noise control for cooling fan applications
An investigation into the chemical and physical changes taking place in chilled foods during storage and distribution. Part A, Greenhouse effect
Engine Auxiliary System Guideline: Cooling Systems
Optimized design of the cooling system of tempering furnace
As processors used in mobile devices keep becoming more powerful, the heat generated by these processors also increases. This and the fact that mobile devices are made to be as compact as possible introduces new challenges in mobile device cooling. This research studies the use of small heat pipes in mobile device cooling. This study focuses on measurements of the thermal conductivity of straight heat pipes. The variables in the measurements were the thickness, length and orientation of the heat pipe. In addition the power level of the heating element was chosen as an additional variable. A D-optimal DOE plan was made for the measurements according to the Six Sigma methodology, so that the effects between two variables could be studied. The test setup was composed of two elements and the heat pipe was connected in between. The heating element was made from three copper pieces and the heat pipe was held between the pieces. The top half of the element was heated with the use of a power resistor. The cooling element was made from two aluminium halves, which both had copper pipes going through them. The pipes were connected to a water circulation unit, which monitors and adjusts the temperature of the water with a thermostat. The measurements were conducted according to the DOE-plan and each test case was done three times to achieve statistical reliability. The heat pipes performed optimally in all cases except in the worst case scenario, but even despite that the temperature of the heating element never rose above 60 °C. A statistical analysis was conducted on the temperature data gathered from the hot end of the heat pipe and the temperature difference between the ends of the heat pipe. The results demonstrated that the most significant variables in these cases were the heating power level and the length of the heat pipe.Finally the measurement errors were analyzed resulting in a measurement uncertainty of ±1.2 °C. By analyzing the results it was concluded that heat pipes could work well in cooling small mobile devices due to their relatively small size and good heat transfer capabilities. Furthermore the measurement data from this study could be used as a reference for further study
Handbook of diesel engines
Schaum's outline of thermodynamics for engineers
Temperature and radiation regimes in pine shelterwood and clear-cut area
Evaluation of impulse cooling system
Gas turbines : a handbook of air, land, and sea applications
Environmental control principles : a textbook supplement to the ASHRAE handbook 1985 fundamentals volume
Improving the aerodynamics of a cooling system of a Formula Student car
Chilled and frozen : guidelines on cook-chill and cook-freeze catering systems
Heating and cooling with a heat pump
Low Energy Cooling Systems Based On The Cold Energy Sources Of The Ground : Preliminary study
Home sweet zero energy home : what it takes to develop great homes that won't cost anything to heat, cool or light up, without going broke or crazy
Design of a Solar Thermal Powered Cooling System
Minimally processed refrigerated fruits & vegetables
Properties of secondary working fluids for indirect systems
Abstract.
Electric-field-induced dielectric and caloric effects in relaxor ferroelectrics
Food processing technology : principles and practice
Cooling demand and daylight in commercial buildings : the influence of window design
Seed moisture content during chilling and heat stress effects after chilling on the germination of common alder and downy birch seeds
Modelling of the jet impingement heat transfer for cooling of cylindrical foods
Design and operation of marine air compressors
A guide to sustainable architecture including its features such as sustainable energy, sustainable building materials, building placement and more
Cold and chilled storage technology
Coolability of porous core debris beds : effects of bed geometry and multidimensional flooding
Eco-friendly cooling in machining
Integration of building cooling with existing district heating systems
Kylmä+ : design and operation of integrated cooling and heating systems in regions and building - Kylmä+ : project report
Introduction to the concept of exergy : for a better understanding of low-temperature-heating and high-temperature-cooling systems
Produce-simulator property evaluation for indirect airflow distribution measurement through horticultural crop package
Large-area SINIS tunnel junctions for cooling applications
Application and development of numerical methods for the modelling of innovative gas cooled fission reactors
Cooling and heating : load calculation manual
Water coolant technology of power reactors : an AEC monograph. Paul Cohen
Indirect Adiabatic Cooling
Learning from experiences with compact heat exchangers
Ship air conditioning : basis of design and calculation
Determination and speciation of selenium in fresh water
