http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25261 trips
trips
Lepidoptera collected in the Canadian Arctic during the Thundra Nordwest 99 expedition
The great Chinese travellers : an anthology
"Aphrodite's Island" is a bold new account of the European discovery of Tahiti, the Pacific island of mythic status that has figured so powerfully in European imaginings about sexuality, the exotic, and the nobility or bestiality of 'savages.' In this groundbreaking book, Anne Salmond takes readers to the center of the shared history to furnish rich insights into Tahitian perceptions of the visitors while illuminating the full extent of European fascination with Tahiti. As she discerns the impact and meaning of the European effect on the islands, she demonstrates how, during the early contact period, the mythologies of Europe and Tahiti intersected and became entwined. Drawing on Tahitian oral histories, European manuscripts and artworks, collections of Tahitian artifacts, and illustrated with contemporary sketches, paintings, and engravings from the voyages, "Aphrodite's Island" provides a vivid account of the Europeans' Tahitian adventures. At the same time, the book's compelling insights into Tahitian life significantly change the way we view the history of this small island during a period when it became a crossroads for Europe.
Exploration and discovery : journeys into the unknown through the ages
All that is solid melts into air
The Vikings in history
Focusing on the magisterial and enigmatic Charles V, Emperor of Europe and the New World, this title begins with the return of the remnants of Magellan's expedition around the world in 1522 and ends with Charles' death in 1558. In the decades between, the Spaniards conquer Guatemala, Yucatan, Columbia, Venezuela, Peru and Chile.
The lion of Cairo
Crusade, commerce, and culture
The life and times of Columbus
Marvelous possessions : the wonder of the New World
Marco Polo : traveller to the east
Historia renarrata : early Benedictine revisions of the First Crusade
The Golden age : the Spanish empire of Charles V
1421 : the year China discovered America
The crusaders in Syria and the Holy Land
The ice master : the doomed 1913 voyage of the Karluk
The polar regions
Iberian visions of the Pacific Ocean, 1507-1899
Alexander the Great : lessons in strategy
The discovery of mankind : Atlantic encounters in the age of Columbus
A history of the crusades. 3, The Kingdom of Acre and the later crusades
Olivia forms a band
The practices of crusading : image and action from the eleventh to the sixteenth centuries
A history of the crusades. 3, The kingdom of Acre and the later crusades
Estates, communities and the constitution of the Latin Kingdom
Miss Child has gone wild!
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
The Guiana travels of Robert Schomburgk, 1835-1844. Vol. 1, Explorations on behalf of the Royal Geographical Society, 1835-1839
The last vikings : the epic story of the great Norse voyagers
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
The fourth crusade : the conquest of Constantinople
Five get into trouble
The jester
Shadow chasers
The many landfalls of John Cabot
The expeditions of the first international polar year, 1882-83
The best-ever book of exploration
Rivers of gold : the rise of the Spanish empire
Documentos sobre os portugueses em Moçambique e na África central 1497-1840 = Documents on the Portuguese in Mozambique and Central Africa 1497-1840. Vol. 1, (1497-1506)
Crusades : the illustrated history
The crusades
The moomin adventure book
The last great quest : Captain Scott's Antarctic sacrifice
Usama ibn Munqidh : warrior-poet of the age of Crusades
A canoeing package through the archipelago : product development for 7 bridges archipelago
The story of bronze statue of Herman D. Spöring
Amerigo : the man who gave his name to America
The European discovery of America. The northern voyages A.D. 500-1600
Braving the North Atlantic : the Vikings, the Cabots, and Jacques Cartier voyage to America
The discovery of the South Shetland Islands : the voyages of the Brig Williams 1819-1820 as recorded in contemporary documents and the journal of midshipman C. W. Poynter
Watkins' last expedition. by F. Spencer Chapman
The fourth crusade : the conquest of Constantinople 1201-1204
Bear, bird and frog
Scorpia : Alex Rider
Portuguese pavilion : 1998 Lisbon World exposition
The expedition : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
An illustrated history of the Crusades and the crusader knights : the history, myth and romance of the medieval knight on crusade, with over 400 stunning images of the battles, adventures, sieges, fortresses, triumphs and defeats
I want to do it by myself!
Columbus
The surprise picnic
Wild swimming walks : 28 lake, river and seaside days out by train from London
Walking Paris : Thirty original walks in and around Paris
Midnight at the zoo
The explorations of captain James Cook in the Pacific, as told by selections of his own journals, 1768-1779
A field trip with Risto Tuomikoski
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-chan. 3
Hooray for Helsinki! : our very own city
THE CRUSADES / OLDENBOURG
God wills it! : an illustrated history of the crusades
Abstract.
The Armada
When Dad showed me the universe
A climate of fear
Lily alone
Scholars have long recognized the relevance to Christianity of the many stories surrounding the life of Alexander the Great. This title delves into a wide range of primary texts to trace Alexander as a mythological figure, from his relationship to his ancestor and rival, Herakles, to the idea of his divinity as the son of a god.
A father takes his son on an evening walk to show him the entire universe.
Christian Steven made several excursions to the Caucasus, Crimea and the southern provinces of Russia. He visited occasionally also Lower Volga area and did botanical collections, jointly with Marschall von Bieberstein in 1800. In this article, we present Stevens activity here. He collected plant specimens in Lower Volga area in 1800, 1806, 1811 and 1816. Based on specimens collected here, and in some cases additionally also elsewhere, Steven described Adonis volgensis (1817), Ceratocephala incurva (1848), C. leiocarpa (1848), C. reflexa (1848) and Centaurea gerberi (Steven 1856). Further, Allium sabulosum (Steven ex Bunge 1838) and Delphinium cuneatum (Steven ex DC. 1818) were described based on material Steven collected in this region.
Bjarmaland (also Biarmaland, Biarmia, Byarmia, Bjarmia) and its inhabitants (Bjarmar, Beormas, Biarmar) are known to us through c. 30 medieval written sources, most of them written in Norse, a few in Latin and one in Anglo-Saxon. Majority of the texts were written during the 13th century, but the stories they relate may nevertheless be of earlier date. The Kings' Sagas in particular often refer to 10th century events. Oldest of the sources is the so-called Ohthere's account, a 9th century Anglo-Saxon text added to the OE Orosius translation. The rest of the sources are of Norse-Icelandic origin including a number of konungasögur, a few chronicles and íslendingasögur, some texts of geographical nature, a couple of þáttr, and a number of fornaldarsögur as well as six annals. Additionally Haralds saga gráfeldar contains a few skaldic verses.Written sources locate Bjarmaland to the White Sea. The words Terfinna land connect the location with the Kola Peninsula and the environs of the Varzuga River whereas the name Gandvík guides our interest towards the Kantalahti Bay of the White Sea. The name 'Vína' can be connected with either the Northern Dvina River or Viena Karelia. Written sources portray the Bjarmians as permanently settled group of Baltic Fennic speaking people that lived in the north of Europe since the Viking Age (first mentioned in writing in the 9th century) until the early Middle Ages (mid-13th century). Involvement in the international fur trade is implied and continuous contacts with Norwegians with both looting and trade as integral part of interaction are present in the descriptions. The Bjarmians cannot be connected ethnically with any existing group of people but must be considered as a group of their own. The origin of the specific ethnical identity most likely lies in economical interaction (trade with furs and possibly other items) with neighbouring areas. Since 12th-13th centuries new settlers moved to the northern areas and many political and economical changes occurred in Northern Fennoscandia and Russia, all of which would have contributed to a change that left the Bjarmians out of written sources.
From Alexander to Jesus
The crusades influenced western European society in the middle ages far beyond the military campaigns themselves. Reactions and involvement did not always follow the assumptions of ideology or supporters, medieval or modern. In this wide ranging collection of articles spanning thirty years, Christopher Tyerman explores the relationships between action and perception, ambition and practice, propaganda and support. One section concentrates on the role the crusade played in the politics and elite culture of the early fourteenth century, particularly in France. A further series of essays examines the nature of crusading as a phenomenon from the twelfth to the sixteenth centuries, notably the contrasts between official, literary and popular reception, and how it was variously understood by contemporaries and promoted by apologists in England, continental Europe and the Baltic. Finally, the structure of crusading armies is explored in a sequence that analyses the organisation of expeditions, including communal decision-making on the First Crusade, the sociology of recruitment and, in a previously unpublished major study, the importance of pay to crusaders from 1096 onwards.
Freaks ahoy!
The silk road saga
The Crusades and the Near East : Cultural Histories
Delilah Darling is at the zoo
The Byzantine patriarchate : 451-1204
A history of the Crusades. 2, The kingdom of Jerusalem and the Frankish East 1100-1187
Clergy divided : Clerical influence on politics in the First Kingdom of Jerusalem the nontemporary Latin view
Student's memories of Risto Tuomikoski
The black tongue
Jonathan Swift's Gulliver
Pawsome teamwork
Adventure tourism : meaning, experience and learning
The Quest
Inventing Americans in the age of discovery : narratives of encounter
Columbus and the New World
The jester : a novel
A little bit of trouble
Popular Muslim reactions to the Franks in the Levant, 1097-1291
Sinking Columbus : contested history, cultural politics, and mythmaking during the quincentenary
Aphrodite's island : the European discovery of Tahiti
A history of the crusades. 2, The Kingdom of Jerusalem and the Frankish east 1100-1187
Five on a hike together
The vikings and America
The Vinland voyages
Kingdoms and strongholds of the Crusaders
Leifur Eiríksson and Vínland the Good
The conquest of America : the question of the other
The pirates' picnic
Ava the sunset fairy
Leif the Lucky
The falcons of Montabard
Cross and crescent in the Balkans : the Ottoman conquest of South-Eastern Europe (14th - 15th centuries)
The long Earth
The experience of crusading. Vol. 1, Western approaches
What led to the discovery of the source of the Nile
When best friends Chris and Win go on a cross country bicycle trek the summer after graduating and only one returns, the FBI wants to know what happened.
Christian Steven (1781-1863) at the Lower Volga
Rivers of gold : the rise of the Spanish Empire
A Middle English chronicle of the First Crusade : the Caxton Eracles
Exploring polar frontiers : a historical encyclopedia
