http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25289 lighting design
lighting design
Creative lighting : custom and decorative luminaires
Professional lighting design : magazine for professional lighting design
Garden lighting : contemporary exterior lighting
Interior lighting
Lighting design : a perception-based approach
Designing with light hotels
The new handbook of stage lighting graphics
Light in architecture
Introduction to stage lighting : the fundamentals of theatre lighting design
Designing with light : the art, science and practice of architectural lighting design
The architecture of light : recent approaches to designing with natural light
Lighting and the design idea
Interior design illustrated
Lighting spaces
A practical guide to stage lighting
LED packaging for lighting applications : design, manufacturing, and testing
Lighting by design
Comparison of house lighting dimming systems
The lighting art : the aesthetics of stage lighting design
Intelligent and adaptive lighting in retail environment
Daylighting design : planning strategies and best practice solutions
The automated lighting programmer's handbook
Lighting for a beautiful home
Light effect = Effetto luce
The art of lighting : an international profile of home lighting
Helsinki Central Railway Station : lighting as part of the urban space and its functions
Vesa Honkonen, architecture of light, cities and landscape
Lighting book : the ultimate guide to lighting every room in the home
Film lighting : talks with Hollywood's cinematographers and gaffer
Interior architecture from brief to build
The Architecture of Light makes lighting design approachable. This vivid, image packed text of lighting concepts and techniques serves as the perfect companion for lighting design students and professionals alike. Built around a successful teaching curriculum, this text provides a logical step by step progression through the phases of conceptualizing, refining, drafting and presenting lighting design. Written by a practicing professional lighting designer who is also an award winning design instructor, The Architecture of Light presents a perfect blend of visual design tools and fundamental lighting knowledge. In addition to theory and discussion, The Architecture of Light also provides complete chapters of common lighting details, case studies and a catalog of specific lighting tools. Every architect, interior designer and design student deserves a working knowledge of lighting design and this single book makes it possible.
Guide on the maintenance of indoor electric lighting systems
Road lighting : fundamentals, technology and application
Architectural lighting : designing with light and space
Lighting for video
Stage lighting controls
The design of lighting
Interior lighting for designers
The purpose of this thesis was to research the differences in house lighting dimming systems in cruise ships between Meyer Papenburg and Meyer Turku. The objective was to bring forward the different working methods in different phases of the project, and to find the most suitable neutral working methods to develop and harmonize dimming systems in both shipyards in the future. The objective was also to investigate differences in technical documents and their possible harmonization in the future common projects. The current matter was investigated due to the harmonization of shipyards. The research was carried out for impartiality in both shipyards in the form of interviews, questionnaires and discussions about the topic. Similar researches about the topic have not been carried out before. Knowledge about the topic was enquired from the professionals that have been working in the field for a long time, drawings were compared and physically implemented solutions on board were studied. As a result, alternative working and designing methods were discovered regarding the development of the dimming systems. The best methods are considered to be taken into action in the future. The research made it possible for the lighting specialists at both shipyards to familiarize themselves with the sister shipyard's working methods and documentation. In addition, the harmonization of lighting departments was started.
Perfect lighting : inspiring solutions for every room
The lighting bible
Lights over Kruunuvuorenranta : Helsinki International Invitational Competition 14.12.2011-1.8.2012
This revised edition of the successful primer thoroughly covers fundamentals of lighting design, and also serves as a handy reference for professional designers. The Fifth Edition is more comprehensive than ever, with new information on LED, energy efficiency, and other current issues. In addition, it includes more information for drawing ceiling floor plans and the application of designs to specific types of interiors projects. Considered a "key reference" for the Lighting Certified exam, no other text combines both technical and creative aspects of lighting design for beginners and novice designers.
Stage lighting step by step : basic techniques to achieve professional results
By reading this book, you will develop the skills to perceive a space and its contents in light, and be able to devise a layout of luminaires that will provide that lit appearance. Written by renowned lighting expert Christopher (Kit) Cuttle, the book: explains the difference between vision and perception, which is the distinction between providing lighting to make things visible, and providing it to influence the appearance of everything that is visible, demonstrates how lighting patterns generated by three-dimensional objects interacting with directional lighting are strongly influential upon how the visual perception process enables us to recognize object attributes, such as lightness, colourfulness, texture and gloss, reveals how a designer who understands the role of these lighting patterns in the perceptual process may employ them either to reveal, or to subdue, or to enhance the appearance of selected object attributes by creating appropriate spatial distributions of light, carefully explains calculational techniques and provides easy-to-use spreadsheets, so that layouts of lamps and luminaires are derived that can be relied upon to achieve the required illumination distributions. Practical lighting design involves devising three-dimensional light fields that create luminous hierarchies related to the visual significance of each element within a scene. By providing you with everything you need to develop a design concept - from the understanding of how lighting influences human perceptions of surroundings, through to engineering efficient and effective lighting solutions – Kit Cuttle instills in his readers a new-found confidence in lighting design.
Designing with light : the creative touch
New light design
Architecture : form, space, & order
Lights over Kruunuvuorenranta : Helsinki international invitational competition : 14.12.2011-1.8.2012
Light for visual artists : understanding & using light in art & design
Stage lighting explained
The home lighting effects bible : ideas and know-how for better lighting in every part of your home
Lighting : Creative planning for successful lighting solutions
"For those studing to be a lighting designer or interior designer, Designing with Light offers a comprehensive introduction to the aesthetics, technology, and practice of lighting design. Beginning with a look at the lighting design profession, Livingston describes the physics of light, human perception of light (including psychology), and goes on to describe lamps and fixtures in use today, as well as those on the horizon. Communication of design ideas and the design process is emphasized, urging the reader to think about how the design will make a space should look and feel. The practicalities of documenting the design, and consideration of architectural details, lighting controls, photometrics and calculations are explained in a clear manner, with ancillary exercises and pedagogy to help give the reader a working knowledge. Finally, issues of sustainability (including daylighting), lighting and health, and building and energy codes are each addressed in their own chapters.This complete guide is attractively illustrated throughout in color and sure to be the reference resource of choice for anyone performing lighting design"--
Bringing interiors to light : the principles and practices of lighting design
Stage lighting : practise and design
Designing and experiencing adaptive lighting:case studies with adaptation, interaction and participation
Shedding some light
"Fundamentals of Lighting, 3rd Edition, takes an integrated approach to the study of lighting and design. Topics include lighting system basics, lighting and the design process, human factors, sustainability, global issues, regulations, business practices, and the LEED building certification program"--
Living with light : decorating the Scandinavian way
Lighting design handbook
Professional lighting design : magazine for professional lighting design - English edition
Lighting the landscape : art, design, technologies
Create the livable city : city, people, light
Lighting design basics
This thesis explores the design and experience of adaptive lighting. In this research, adaptive lighting is understood as a wide concept referring to lighting which adapts to information about the environment and its users or to other information relevant to intended lighting behaviour. Adaptive lighting is approached as an element of architecture and urban space, which has an influence on the human environmental experience at various levels. The research can be defined as architectural design-based research as well as transdisciplinary research. This research explores design practice by analysing the design processes of three case studies through the research-by-design method. The essential design phases, design tasks and design methods are recognized and presented. In addition, the experiences of adaptive lighting are explored with the help of empirical qualitative research material, which is gained through evaluation of the case studies.The methods used in evaluation include in situ walking interviews and evaluation probes. In the case projects situated in urban environments and in a retail space, different forms of lighting adaptation, interaction and participation were studied.The design process of adaptive lighting can be theorized, based on the three case studies, as a three-phase process consisting of several subtasks. The design process is guided by several design factors. In the design process, cooperation with experts of interaction and system design is beneficial. The users' experience of adaptive lighting environments is complex and multifaceted. The experiences emerge in each environment as context-related interpretations or manifestations of the general experiential aspects. Finally, adaptive lighting is conceptualized in the thesis as a holistic design task by formulating a framework for pragmatic-experiential and context-oriented design of adaptive lighting.This defines adaptive lighting as a design task from the perspectives of multifaceted users' experience and pragmatic constraints of design practice.Future design processes should acknowledge the complexity of the design task. Then adaptive lighting can offer, besides energy savings, added value for illuminated environments on many levels of experience. The main significance of this study is to help both designers and clients to understand the diversity of the new design task, and to help to approach it from human-oriented perspective—from the perspective of inhabitants of the environments.
Detail in contemporary lighting design
Experiencing and evaluating digital augmentation of public urban places
21st century lighting design
The right light : lighting essentials for the home
The fundamentals of interior architecture
Designing with light : public places : lighting solutions for exhibitions, museums and historic places
Motion picture and video lighting
The architecture of light : architectural lighting design concepts and techniques : a textbook of procedures and practices for the architect, interior designer and lighting designer
Professional lighting design : magazine for professional lighting design - German edition
Idleply : a concept for the future of OLED lighting
The technique of lightning for television and film
Lighting for interior design
The integration of digital technologies into urban life and environments has accelerated rapidly over the past few decades. It has been well established that this digital augmentation is changing the way we use and experience urban places; however, more studies, especially at the micro-level and from an architectural point of view, must be conducted in order to increase our understanding of the phenomenon.In this thesis, I examine the experience and evaluation of digitally augmented public urban places through four case studies, analysing participants' experiences of adaptive lighting pilots and urban displays deployed in real world settings. Digital augmentations were found to be able to alter the genius loci significantly; furthermore, findings from these case studies demonstrate and explain how co-design, existing use patterns and user groups in urban places, climate and weather, and sense of place affect digital augmentations.The thesis makes a methodological contribution in the form of evaluation probes. This method was developed by modifying the cultural probes method for the purposes of evaluative research of design artefacts. The proposed method allows for the emic evaluation of design artefacts without direct researcher presence. In other case studies, I have used ethnographically inspired methods to gather research materials.In analysing research materials I make a theoretical contribution by introducing the concept of emplacement into architectural research. This concept highlights the importance of place in our experience as embodied individuals. Based on my empirical results, I argue for the design of meaningful emplaced experiences through digital augmentation. I also chart the design challenges that have emerged from my studies, utilising them to develop a holistic model that aims to describe experiences of digital augmentation in public urban places.Overall, the thesis proposes participatory design evaluation as a new approach in the field of architecture. It refers to the examination and utilisation of research participants' intersubjective accounts in the evaluation of design artefacts from an experiential point of view. I argue for the benefits of this approach for the further inclusion of research knowledge in design and planning processes.
Designing and experiencing adaptive lighting : case studies with adaptation, interaction and participation
The main objective of the book is to create an open and shared knowledge platform for architects, urbanists, thinkers, planners and creative leaders who work for and in the cities of today. Many talented professionals contributed to the unique city.people.light 2014 research book in order to give shape to the future of urban lighting. Included are expert interviews, key trends and creative and inspirational lighting concepts from our Create the Livable City workshops. The book is a summation of practical urban lighting research, where we offer new insights into urban lighting concepts that explore the future of European cities from sociocultural, outdoor and urban lighting perspectives.
Complete lighting design : a practical design guide for perfect lighting
Essential CG lighting techniques with 3ds Max
"This complete guide is attractively illustrated throughout in color and sure to be the reference resource of choice for anyone performing lighting design"--
International lighting design
Fundamentals of lighting
Space and light : how to maximize the potential of your home
The stage lighting handbook
Light zone city : light planning in the urban context
The visual handbook of building and remodeling : a comprehensive guide to choosing the right materials and systems for every part of your home
The landscape lighting book
Conducting light
Light years : Zumtobel 2000-1950 : [positions, projects, innovations, strategies]
Stage lighting design : a practical guide
The ABC of stage lightning
Lighting design : principles, implementation, case studies
A-Z of lighting terms
The followspot guide
Shooting sign language
