http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25230 uncles (paternal)
uncles (paternal)
Tell the wolves I'm home : a novel
Dan, Abby, and Jordan embark on a senior road trip to New Orleans, but as creepy occurrences escalate into near-death experiences, the trio realizes they will be lucky to make it out of this senior trip alive / Library of Congress.
The haunting of uncle Ron
Life, death & gold leather trousers
The big ideas of Buster Bickles
The book of tomorrow
It is 1987, and only one person has ever truly understood fourteen-year-old June Elbus -- her uncle, the renowned painter Finn Weiss. Shy at school and distant from her older sister, June can only be herself in Finn's company; he is her godfather, confidant, and best friend. So when he dies, far too young, of a mysterious illness her mother can barely speak about, June's world is turned upside down. But Finn's death brings a surprise acquaintance into June's life -- someone who will help her to heal, and to question what she thinks she knows about Finn, her family, and even her own heart. / Library of Congress.
Tucker Feye and Lah Lia each hurtle through time, relating their stories in alternating viewpoints that converge at crucial moments / Library off Congress.
High five : a Stephanie Plum novel
Uncle Fedya, his dog, and his cat
Francis Ford Coppola's Godfather trilogy
Death valley
The Godfather book
Dead man's cove
The Cydonian pyramid
Small change for Stuart
King of the cobras ; Tiikerihai
The Cardturner
The sultan's tigers
A brief history of Montmaray
Kummisetä : DVD Collection : Bonus Materials
In a far distant future, Tucker Feye and the inscrutable Lia find themselves atop a crumbling pyramid in an abandoned city. In present-day Hopewell, Tucker's uncle Kosh faces armed resistance and painful memories as he attempts to help a terrorized woman named Emma, who is being held captive by a violent man. And on a train platform in 1997, a seventeen-year-old Kosh is given an instruction that will change his life, and the lives of others, forever. Tucker, Lia, and Kosh must evade the pursuit of maggot-like Timesweeps, battle Master Gheen's cult of Lambs, all while they puzzle out the enigmatic Boggsians as they search for one another and the secrets of the diskos. Who built them? Who is destroying them? Where -- and when -- will it all end / Library off Congress.
The secrets of ordinary farm
Adventure, mystery, and romance : formula stories as art and popular culture
Seconds away
The island of thieves
Seconds away : a Mickey Bolitar novel
The diviners
Greedy - Joe-sedän perilliset
The cardturner
