http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25248 community spirit
community spirit
Wrongful deaths : selected inquest records from nineteenth-century Korea
The incorrigible optimists club
Social and economic problems of Finnish Lapland
Classifying homicide offenders and predicting their characteristics from crime scene behavior
The better angels of our nature : the decline of violence in history and its causes
"This collection presents and analyzes inquest records that tell the stories of ordinary Korean people under the Chosŏn court (1392-1910). Extending the study of this period, usually limited to elites, into the realm of everyday life, each inquest record includes a detailed postmortem examination and features testimony from everyone directly or indirectly related to the incident. The result is an amazingly vivid, colloquial account of the vibrant, multifaceted societal and legal cultures of early modern Korea. Sun Joo Kim is the Harvard-Yenching Professor of Korean History at Harvard University. Jungwon Kim is assistant professor of Korean history at Columbia University; 'This book provides an extremely rare view into social interactions among people of quite different classes in Chosŏn Korea. Points of interest abound'--Robert E. Hegel, Washington University, St. Louis; 'This is an important contribution that significantly advances our knowledge of nineteenth-century Korean legal history. The translated cases shine by being able to introduce daily struggles of non-elites and illustrate the complex dynamics of the judiciary system during the last century of the Chosŏn dynasty'--Jisoo Kim, George Washington University"--
Tony Hsieh--the widely-admired CEO of on-line shoe retailer, Zappos--explains how he created a unique culture and commitment to service that aims to improve the lives of its employees, customers, vendors and backers. Even better, he shows how creating happiness and record results go hand-in-hand.
Communicating in small groups : principles and practices
Very British murder : the story of a national obsession
Bowling for Columbine
The big book of leadership games : quick, fun activities to improve communication, increase productivity, and bring out the best in your employees
The astronaut wives club : a true story
Kauhajoki school shooting on 23 September 2008 : report on the Investigation Commission
Another day in the death of America
Effective social intranet : case: Mobile Routing business unit, Tellabs
Delivering happiness : a path to profits, passion, and purpose
Harry Potter and the half-blood prince
Wanáǧi Wachípi ki̧ : the ghost dance among the Lakota Indians in 1890
Joe - armoton
Khanty : people of the taiga : surviving the twentieth century
Enter the Void
The knife fighters : violent crime in Southern Ostrobothnia 1790-1825
On killing : the psychological cost of learning to kill in war and society
The secret of the blue glass
The big book of team motivating games : spirit-building, problem-solving, and communication games for every group
