http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25255 documentary credit
documentary credit
Decicions (1975-1979) of the ICC Banking Commission : on queries relating to uniform customs and practice for documentary credits
Managing risks in international trade transactions by using documentary credits : case Company X
The role of the banks in the letter of credit transaction
The portable UCC
The purpose of this thesis was to create instructions for using documentary credits as a payment method for the sales department of Company X. The commission came from the company's Tampere office. In addition to the instructions the objective was to examine what kinds of terms in documentary credits are good for the seller in order to secure the payment, as well as to find out what kinds of risks are related to using some of the terms. The theoretical framework of this thesis served as a basis for the research and for the instructions. The main focus is on documentary credits. Moreover, the theoretical framework focuses on risks that are related to international trade transactions and risk management, with emphasis on making sales contracts that include detailed information about the transaction. The research was carried out by interviewing the employees of the case company and trade finance specialists of a bank. The instructions included a carefully chosen example of a documentary credit used by Company X. Literature and materials provided by banks were of high importance in creating the instructions. The results of the research were used to give recommendations to the employees of the company's sales department for avoiding risks and using terms that are good for the seller. The research showed that attention must be paid to negotiating the terms and examining the terms properly when the credit is issued. The seller can manage risks related to using documentary credits by paying special attention to the terms of the credit. The documents that are difficult or impossible for the seller to acquire should be eliminated during the negotiations. The delivery terms according to which the seller is responsible for transporting the goods are suitable for documentary credit transactions. Furthermore, the expiry date of the credit should be set to give the seller enough time to fulfill the terms. The latest date of shipment as well as the period for presentation of documents should also be realistic. Due to a confidentiality agreement, the instructions for using documentary credits are not included in the published version.
The liability of banks under letters of credit
Payments and credits
Towards electronic letters of credit : an overview of the emergence of a legal framework for electronic contracting for international sale of goods involving carriage of goods and the use of documentary credits
Approaches to resolving the international documentary letters of credit fraud issue
Opinions (1980-1981) in the ICC Banking Commission : on queries relating to uniform customs and practice for documentary credits
Yhdenmukaiset remburssisäännöt = ICC uniform customs and practice for documentary credits
