http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25253 resilience
resilience
Coping and the challenge of resilience
Adaptability, transformation and complex changes in Namibia and Tanzania : resilience and innovation system development in local communities
Resilience in deaf children : adaptation through emerging adulthood
Unraveling resilience : single-case study from Finnish advertising industry
Supply chain resilience in Finnish SME family firms
Resilient life : the art of living dangerously
Ecological urbanism : the nature of the city
Caring teaching elements in an emergency context : teacher's conceptions of caring and protective teaching elements in Rwamwanja refugee settlement schools
Resilience : the science of mastering life's greatest challenges
Collective trauma, collective healing : promoting community resilience in the aftermath of disaster
Messy : how to be creative and resilient in a tidy-minded world
Psychological factors in postoperative recovery from lumbar spinal stenosis surgery : a long-term follow-up
Formal development of resilient distributed systems
The resilience handbook : approaches to stress and trauma
Organizational resilience through crisis strategic planning
SELF-HELP & PERSONAL DEVELOPMENT. The urge to tidiness seems to be rooted deep in the human psyche. Many of us feel threatened by anything that is vague, unplanned, scattered around or hard to describe. We find comfort in having a script to rely on, a system to follow, in being able to categorise and file away. We all benefit from tidy organisation - up to a point. A large library needs a reference system. Global trade needs the shipping container. Scientific collaboration needs measurement units. But the forces of tidiness have marched too far. Corporate middle managers and government bureaucrats have long tended to insist that everything must have a label, a number and a logical place in a logical system. Now that they are armed with computers and serial numbers, there is little to hold this tidy-mindedness in check. It's even spilling into our personal lives, as we corral our children into sanitised play areas or entrust our quest for love to the soulless algorithms of dating websites.
Levels of personality
Resilience and personal effectiveness for social workers
The " BASIC Ph" model of coping and resiliency : theory, research and cross-cultural application
Researching resilience
"In 2006, Resilience Thinking addressed an essential question: As the natural systems that sustain us are subjected to shock after shock, how much can they take and still deliver the services we need from them? This idea caught the attention of both the scientific community and the general public. In Resilience Practice, authors Brian Walker and David Salt take the notion of resilience one step further, applying resilience thinking to real-world situations and exploring how systems can be managed to promote and sustain resilience. The book begins with an overview and introduction to resilience thinking and then takes the reader through the process of describing systems, assessing their resilience, and intervening as appropriate. Following each chapter is a case study of a different type of social-ecological system and how resilience makes a difference to that system in practice. The final chapters explore resilience in other arenas, including on a global scale. Resilience Practice will help people with an interest in the "coping capacity" of systems--from farms and catchments to regions and nations--to better understand how resilience thinking can be put into practice. It offers an easy-to-read but scientifically robust guide through the real-world application of the concept of resilience and is a must read for anyone concerned with the management of systems at any scale"--
A comprehensive examination of sustainable urbanism principles and practices and speculates about its future.
Resilience practice : building capacity to absorb disturbance and maintain function
"Many of us will be struck by one or more major traumas sometime in our lives. Perhaps you have been a victim of sexual abuse, domestic violence or assault. Perhaps you were involved in a serious car accident. Perhaps you are a combat veteran. Maybe you were on the beach in Thailand during a tsunami, or in New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina. Or maybe, you are among the millions who have suffered a debilitating disease, lost a loved one or lost your job. This inspiring book identifies ten key ways to weather and bounce back from stress and trauma. Incorporating the latest scientific research and dozens of interviews with trauma survivors, it provides a practical guide to building emotional, mental and physical resilience. Written by experts in post-traumatic stress, this book provides a vital and successful roadmap for overcoming the adversities we all face at some point in our lives"--
Sustainable urbanism and beyond : rethinking cities for the future
Wayfinding through life's challenges : coping and survival
"The book begins with an overview and introduction to resilience thinking and then takes the reader through the process of describing systems, assessing their resilience, and intervening as appropriate. Following each chapter is a case study of a different type of social-ecological system and how resilience makes a difference to that system in practice. The final chapters explore resilience in other arenas, including on a global scale"--
Social and material deprivation among youth in Finland : causes consequences, and coping
Resilience is associated with fatigue after mild traumatic brain injury
Futures of Finnish food system by 2050 : the perspective of resilience
Multi-informant assessment of behavioral and emotional strengths
Resilience and recovery from mild traumatic brain injury
Resilience: an all-encompassing solution to global problems? A biopolitical analysis of resilience in the policies of EC, FEMA, UNDP, USAID, WB, and WEF
