http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25284 language education
language education
This wide-ranging survey of issues in intercultural language teaching and learning covers everything from core concepts to program evaluation, and advocates a fluid, responsive approach to teaching language that reflects its central role in fostering intercultural understanding. Includes coverage of theoretical issues defining language, culture, and communication, as well as practice-driven issues such as classroom interactions, technologies, programs, and language assessment Examines systematically the components of language teaching: language itself, meaning, culture, learning, communicating, and assessments, and puts them in social and cultural context Features numerous examples throughout, drawn from various languages,international contexts, and frameworks Incorporates a decade of in-depth research and detailed documentation from the authors' collaborative work with practicing teachers Provides a much-needed addition to the sparse literature on intercultural aspects of language education
Where do these rails go? : drama in education in practising fluency for upper secondary school English students
Multilingualism in the English-speaking world : pedigree of nations
A study on the promotion of adults' oral English communication and teacher development in liberal and tertiary education
Intercultural communication as an aim of English language teaching
Power, pedagogy & practice
Finnish summary.
Foundations of foreign language teaching. Vol. 3
Psychology in foreign language teaching
Intercultural language teaching and learning
Second language classrooms : research on teaching and learning
Start point : English for beginners. Teachers manual : for teaching English as a foreign language for Finnish children
Diet and health
On the experiences of Finnish engineers as language users in a professional context
Kasvatustieteellistä sanastoa : suomi-englanti = A list of educational terminology: Finnish-English
Terminology : Unesco: IBE education thesaurus : a faceted list of terms for indexing and retrieving documents and data in the field of education with French and Spanish equivalents
Action program on education
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
A critical dictionary of educational concepts : an appraisal of selected ideas and issues in educational theory and practice
The lives of many families involve contact with more than one language and culture on a daily basis. Growing Up with Two Languages is aimed at the many parents and professionals who feel uncertain about the best way to go about helping children gain maximum benefit from the multilingual situation. This best-selling guide is illustrated by glimpses of life from interviews with fifty families from all around the world. The trials and rewards of life with two languages and cultures are discussed in detail, and followed by practical advice on how to support the child's linguistic development. Features of this third edition include: a dedicated website with new and updated Internet resources a new chapter giving the perspective of adults who have themselves grown up with more than one language a new chapter presenting research into bilingual language acquisition with information about further reading new and updated first-hand advice and examples throughout. Una Cunningham is an Associate Professor in Modern Languages at Stockholm University, Sweden. She and her husband, Staffan Andersson, have raised their four children to speak English and Swedish in Sweden.
Foreign language learning and nonlearning
Magic beans : a material package for teaching English through storytelling and creative drama in primary school
Terminology of adult education
Mediating languages and cultures : towards an intercultural theory of foreign language education
Home lingual environment effect on development : of child's language in multilingual daycare
A study of the Japanese diaspora in Peru
Autonomy and foreign language learning
Thesaurus of ERIC descriptors
Signs of acquiring bimodal bilingualism differently : a longitudinal case study of mediating a deaf and a hearing twin in a deaf family
Theoria et praxis
Focus on meaning : talking to some purpose with young children
A glossary of special education
Dictionary of education
Introducing english as an additional language to young children : a practical handbook
Class, codes and control. 2, Applied studies towards a sociology of language
Supporting identity, diversity and language in the early years
Rituals, myth and art for English language class : cultural meanings in foreign language teaching : interpretive anthropological and sociocultural perspectives
Class, codes and control. 1, Theoretical studies towards a sociology of language
An international dictionary of adult and continuing education
Language Narratives from Adult Upper Secondary Education: Interrelating agency, autonomy and identity in foreign language learning
Environmental education in the USA : an introduction to its movements and related concepts
Literacy : reading the word & the world
The relation between language and thought revealed in reflecting upon words used to express the conception of a problem
Foundations of foreign language teaching. Vol. 4
Class, codes and control. Vol. 1, Theoretical studies towards a sociology of language
Languages of instruction for African emancipation : focus on postcolonial contexts and considerations
Intercultural communication in foreign language education
China : a handbook in intercultural communication
Deaf around the world : the impact of language
The cyclopedic education dictionary
Dictionary of educational acronyms, abbreviations, and initialisms
Language narratives from general upper secondary education for adults : an inquiring teacher's journey of fostering foreign language identity in autonomy-oriented pedagogy
The dictionary of developmental and educational psychology
EUDISED-tesauruksen suomenkielinen laitos = Finnish edition of the EUDISEC thesaurus
Power and inequality in language education
Language and peace
A dictionary of religious education
Comparing selected modern methods of teaching english to young learners
A dictionary of education
Authentic texts as cultural mirrors : a handbook for English teachers
Key words in education
Bilingual education for preschool children
Language workshop - children "tasting" foreign languages before systematic language teaching in schools
Start point : English for beginners. Workbook
Doing better? : children's and their parents' and teachers' perceptions of the malleability of the child's academic competences
Peru is a Spanish-speaking country that is known for its large population of ethnic Japanese, or Nikkei Peruvians. Japan has also many Peruvians. The author conducted a survey in the two famous Nikkei schools in Lima in order to shed light on how Japanese linguistic culture is transmitted in school education. These case studies confi rmed that the schools were trying to transmit the Japanese ethos by such means as teaching the way Japanese people greet one another. The author also revealed that even in Peru's key Nikkei schools, English teaching is prioritized over Japanese teaching. Moreover, it was revealed that non-Nikkei Peruvians play the important role in transmitting the Japanese language and culture in Peru..
Research methods in education
The Montessori elementary material
Maintaining children's Finnish language skills in an English language setting : a study of Scottish-Finnish families living in Scotland
Aiming at intercultural proficiency : an analysis of English language learning materials
The impact of high-stakes examinations on classroom teaching : a case study using insights from testing and innovation theory
Language policies in education : critical issues
The concise dictionary of education
Encyclopedia of language and education. Vol. 10, Research methods in language and education
Towards an u nderstanding of language learner self-concept
Language of the land : policy, politics, identity
Drama as a teaching method in the EFL classroom in Finnish upper secondary school : views of the students
Working with Hannah : a special girl in a mainstream school
Developing dialogic communication culture in media education : integrating dialogism and technology
Growing up with two languages : a practical guide for the bilingual family
Encyclopedia of language and education. Volume 9, Ecology of language
