http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2521 remote sensing
remote sensing
Wetland and environmental applications of GIS
The Multi-source National Forest Inventory of Finland : methods and results 2009
Keyguide to information sources in remote sensing
Improving multi-source forest inventory by weighting auxiliary data sources
Remote sensing for biodiversity and wildlife management : synthesis and applications
Image analysis with environmental applications
Use of remote sensing in analysing forest landscape patterns : a case study in the Vienansalo Region and Eastern Finland
Using airborne laser scanning data and digital aerial photographs to estimate growing stock by tree species
Remote sensing of urban areas : abstracts and full papers (on supplement CD-ROM) of the 2nd International Symposium held in Regensburg, Germany, June 22-23, 2001 = Fernerkundung in urbanen Räumen
Potential of kite aerial photography for peatland investigations with examples from Estonia = leijailmakuvausmenetelmän käyttömahdollisuudet soiden kartoituksessa - esimerkkejä Viron soilta
The normalized difference vegetation index
Land use and land cover mapping in Europe : practices & trends
The remote sensing of tropospheric composition from space
Demonstration of the applicability of satellite data to forestry
Landsat TM images in mapping of semi-natural grasslands and analysing of habitat pattern in an agricultural landscape in south-west Finland
Remote sensing : models and methods for image processing
Remote sensing of leaf area index : enhanced retrieval from close-range and remotely sensed optical observations
Proceedings of the Third Symposium on Remote Sensing of Environment : 14, 15, 16 October 1964
Remote sensing change detection : environmental monitoring methods and applications
Remote sensing of protected lands
Multispectral satellite image understanding : from land classification to building and road detection
Microwave remote sensing : active and passive. Vol. 2, Radar remote sensing and surface scattering and emission theory
The multi-source national forest inventory of Finland : methods and results 2011
Aerial photography and image interpretation
Applications of aerial photographs and other remote sensing imagery in forestry 1-2 : (temperate regions)
Predictive data-driven modeling approaches in environmental management decision-making
Performance and applications of interferometric aperture synthesis radiometers in remote sensing
Development of a method for monitoring of insect induced forest defoliation - limitation of MODIS data in Fennoscandian forest landscapes
Assessment of potential for remote sensing detection of bark beetle-infested areas during green attack : a literature review
GIS assessing traditional and modern agricultural land use/land cover change : a case study 1959-2005: Rekijoki, Somero, SW-Finland
Empirical studies on multiangular, hyperspectral, and polarimetric reflectance of natural surfaces
Remote sensing : principles and interpretation
Sensors and environmental applications of remote sensing : proceedings of the 14th EARSeL Symposium, Göteborg, Sweden, 6-8 June 1994
Statistical analysis and modelling of spatial point patterns
Terrain analysis and remote sensing
Lidar measurements of polar stratospheric clouds
Satellite remote sensing of polar regions : applications, limitations and data availability
SAR images and ancillary data in crop species interpretation
The use of ArcPad and ArcGIS in forest management
Remote sensing techniques for forest parameter assessment : multispectral classification and linear spectral mixture analysis
Estimation of boreal forest canopy cover with ground measurements, statistical models and remote sensing
Developing and comparing methods for mapping habitat types and conservation values using remote sensing data and GIS methods
Fundamentals of satellite remote sensing : an environmental approach
Remote sensing of the cryosphere
"This important resource bridges the gap between imaging, optics, and photonics, and statistics and data analysis. The text contains a wide range of relevant statistical methods including a review of the fundamentals of statistics and expanding into multivariate techniques. The techniques are explained in the context of real examples from remote sensing, multispectral and hyperspectral imaging, signal processing, color science, and other related disciplines. The book also emphasizes intuitive and geometric understanding of concepts. The topics that are most relevant to imaging, optics, and photonics applications are covered thoroughly. In addition, supplemental topics are discussed to provide an overview of when and how the methods can be used".
Processing of synthetic aperture radar images
Catalog of space shuttle Earth observations hand-held photography : space transportation system (STS) 41-D mission : job order 84-437
We investigated if coarse-resolution satellite data from the MODIS sensor can be used for regional monitoring of insect disturbances in Fennoscandia. A damage detection method based on z-scores of seasonal maximums of the 2-band Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI2) was developed. Time-series smoothing was applied and Receiver Operating Characteristics graphs were used for optimisation. The method was developed in fragmented and heavily managed forests in eastern Finland dominated by Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) (pinaceae) and with defoliation of European pine sawfly (Neodiprion sertifer Geoffr.) (Hymenoptera: Diprionidae) and common pine sawfly (Diprion pini L.) (Hymenoptera: Diprionidae). The method was also applied to subalpine mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. Czerepanovii N.I. Orlova) forests in northern Sweden, infested by autumnal moth (Epirrita autumnata Borkhausen) and winter moth (Operophtera brumata L.). In Finland, detection accuracies were fairly low with 50% of the damaged stands detected, and a misclassification of healthy stands of 22%. In areas with long outbreak histories the method resulted in extensive misclassification. In northern Sweden accuracies were higher, with 75% of the damage detected and a misclassification of healthy samples of 19%. Our results indicate that MODIS data may fail to detect damage in fragmented forests, particularly when the damage history is long. Therefore, regional studies based on these data may underestimate defoliation. However, the method yielded accurate results in homogeneous forest ecosystems and when long-enough periods without damage could be identified. Furthermore, the method is likely to be useful for insect disturbance detection using future medium-resolution data, e.g. from Sentinel‑2..
Spatial and spectral separability of grasslands in the inner Turku archipelago using landsat thematic mapper satellite imagery
Remote sensing - from research to operational applications in the New Europe : proceedings of the 13th EARSeL Symposium, Dundee, Scotland, U.K., 28 June - 1 July 1993
Vegetation dynamics : a synthesis of plant ecophysiology, remote sensing and modelling
Remote sensing and actuation using networked unmanned vehicles
Interpretation of habitat quality from air photos at marbled murrelet nest sites in mussel inlet on the British Columbia central coast
Using low-level aerial surveys to verify air photo interpretation of marbled murrelet nesting habitat in Haida Gwaii
Object-based image analysis : spatial concepts for knowledge-driven remote sensing applications
There has been a recent surge of interest in remote sensing and its use in ecology and conservation but this is the first book to focus explicitly on the NDVI (Normalised Difference Vegetation Index), a simple numerical indicator and powerful tool that can be used to assess spatio-temporal changes in green vegetation. The NDVI opens the possibility of addressing questions on scales inaccessible to ground-based methods alone; it is mostly freely available with global coverage over several decades. This novel text provides an authoritative overview of the principles and possible applications of the NDVI in ecology, environmental and wildlife management, and conservation. NDVI data can provide valuable information about temporal and spatial changes in vegetation distribution, productivity, and dynamics; allowing monitoring of habitat degradation and fragmentation, or assessment of the ecological effects of climatic disasters such as drought or fire. The NDVI has also provided ecologists with a promising way to couple vegetation with animal distribution, abundance, movement, survival and reproductive parameters. Over the last few decades, numerous studies have highlighted the potential key role of satellite data and the NDVI in macroecology, plant ecology, animal population dynamics, environmental monitoring, habitat selection and habitat use studies, and paleoecology. The chapters are organised around two sections: the first detailing vegetation indices and the NDVI, the principles behind the NDVI, its correlation with climate, the available NDVI datasets, and the possible complications and errors associated with the use of this satellite-based vegetation index. The second section discusses the possible applications of the NDVI in ecology, environmental and wildlife management, and conservation.
Tree species classification with multiple source remote sensing data
Modelling ecological values in heterogenous and dynamic landscapes with geospatial data
Geographic information systems for resource management : a compendium
Remote sensing in the 21st century : economic and environmental applications
Introduction to remote sensing
Remote sensing tools for exploration : observing and interpreting the electromagnetic spectrum
Remote sensing for geologists : a guide to image interpretation
Signal theory methods in multispectral remote sensing
"Unmanned systems and robotics technologies have become very popular recently owing to their ability to replace human beings in dangerous, tedious, or repetitious jobs. This book fill the gap in the field between research and real-world applications, providing scientists and engineers with essential information on how to design and employ networked unmanned vehicles for remote sensing and distributed control purposes. Target scenarios include environmental or agricultural applications such as river/reservoir surveillance, wind profiling measurement, and monitoring/control of chemical leaks".
Remote sensing : techniques for environmental analysis
Geographical information and climatology
Applied remote sensing
This article presents the results of the Finnish multi-source forest inventory corresponding to year 2011. For these products, the method uses satellite images from years 2009-2012, digital map data, and field data. The main purpose of the article is to make multi-source forest inventory results available for the foresters, and all the readers interested in forests and forest environment. The field data originates from the 10th Finnish National Forest Inventory from years 2007 and 2008, and from the 11th Finnish National Forest Inventory from years 2009 to 2011. The field data has been computationally updated to the date 31 July, 2011. The basic features of the employed improved k-NN, ik-NN, method are described. The results are presented by the regions of the Public Service unit (regions) of the Finnish Forest Centre and within the regions by municipalities, the boundaries as on 1.1.2011. The estimates are given, for example, for land areas, areas of tree species dominance, age, and development classes and often separately for forests available for wood supply. The mean volume and total volume estimates are given in many different ways: mean volumes by tree species and by timber assortments for forest land, and combined forest land and poorly productive forest land and also for forests available for wood supply, as well as by age and development classes. The biomass estimates are given, in addition to the total biomass estimates, by tree species groups in young thinning stands in which first commercial thinning was proposed for the first 5-year period, separately for stem and bark and branches and foliage. The biomass estimates of mature forests are presented separately for branches, foliage and stem residuals, and stumps and large roots by tree species groups. These biomass estimates are given separately for land available for wood supply. All presented results can be employed in calculating forest resource estimates also for regions larger than municipalities. The error sources for the estimates as well as the reliability of the estimates are briefly discussed in Section 3.4.4 and Chapter 5.
Geospatial free and open source software in the 21st century : proceedings of the first Open Source Geospatial Research Symposium, OGRS 2009
Global mapping of human settlement: experiences, datasets and prospects
Advances in land remote sensing : system, modeling, inversion and application
Introduction to surveying
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Fundamentals of satellite remote sensing
Inverse synthetic aperture radar imaging with MATLAB
Appraisal of seedling stand vegetation with airborne imagery and discrete-return LiDAR : an exploratory analysis
Remote sensing of sea ice and icebergs
Land surface roughness and remote sensing
A decade of trans-european remote sensing cooperation : proceedings of the 20th EARSeL Symposium Dresden / Germany / 14 - 16 June 2000
Estimation of forest stand parameters by landsat TM imagery and stand-level inventory data
Microwave remote sensing : active and passive. Vol. 1, Microwave remote sensing fundamentals and radiometry
Statistics for imaging, optics, and photonics
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Adapting National Forest Inventories to changing requirements - the case of the Swedish National Forest Inventory at the turn of the 20th century
Multiwavelength studies of regolith effects in planetary remote sensing
Predicting tree structure from tree height using terrestrial laser scanning and quantitative structure models
Multistage robust adaptive filtering of multichannel remote sensing images
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Use of airborne laser scanner data in demanding forest conditions
Along-scan radiometric gradient in Landsat images : understanding the relation between floristic and remote sensing information in tropical forests
The foremost aim of the present study was the development of a tool to detect daily deforestation in the Amazon rainforest, using satellite images from the MODIS/TERRA sensor and Artificial Neural Networks. The developed tool provides parameterization of the configuration for the neural network training to enable us to select the best neural architecture to address the problem. The tool makes use of confusion matrices to determine the degree of success of the network. A spectrum-temporal analysis of the study area was done on 57 images from May 20 to July 15, 2003 using the trained neural network. The analysis enabled verification of quality of the implemented neural network classification and also aided in understanding the dynamics of deforestation in the Amazon rainforest, thereby highlighting the vast potential of neural networks for image classification. However, the complex task of detection of predatory actions at the beginning, i.e., generation of consistent alarms, instead of false alarms has not been solved yet. Thus, the present article provides a theoretical basis and elaboration of practical use of neural networks and satellite images to combat illegal deforestation.
Image segmentation in multi-source forest inventory
Remote sensing image fusion : a practical guide
Global forest monitoring from earth observation
Remote sensing and image interpretation
Physical fundamentals of remote sensing
Program book : 14th Specialist Meeting on Microwave Radiometry and Remote Sensing of the Environment MicroRad 2016, April 11-14, 2016, Espoo, Finland
An early crop yield estimation method for Finnish conditions : the crop growth monitoring system of the Joint Research Centre with and without remotely sensed and other additional input data
Recent advances in remote sensing and geoinformation processing for land degradation assessment
Proceedings of the Fourth Symposium on Remote Sensing of Environment : 12, 13, 14 April 1966.
Sub-pixel land use classification and retrieval of forest stem volume in the boreal forest zone by employing SSM/I data
FinCOSPAR 2013 : abstracts 29-30th August, Vantaa, Finland
Estimating woody biomass in Sub-Saharan Africa
Microwave remote sensing : active and passive. 3, From theory to applications
Environmental change in Siberia : earth observation, field studies and modelling
Verification of a marbled murrelet habitat inventory on the British Columbian central coast
Estimating forest growth and carbon balance based on climate-sensitive forest growth model and remote sensing data
Principles of remote sensing
Capacity building for the planning, assessment, and systematic observations of forests : with special reference to tropical countries
Recent developments in spatial analysis : spatial statistics, behavioural modelling, and computational intelligence
Gis assessing traditional and modern agricultural land use/land cover change : a case study 1959-2005: Rekijoki, Somero, SW-Finland
Inverse problems in stellar occultation
Utilization of textural and spectral features from landsat TM imagery for stratifying forest sample plots
Kernel methods for remote sensing data analysis
Using airborne laser scanning data and digital aerial photographs to estimate forest growing stock
The radiometric errors of satellite data and their effect on the accuracy of interpretation and on SWE estimation
The multi-source national forest inventory of Finland : methods and results 2007
Advances in mobile mapping technology
Remote sensing in soil science
Remote sensing in ecology
Forest cover and its change in Unguja Island, Zanzibar
The multi-source national forest inventory of Finland : methods and results 2013
Remote sensing for a changing Europe : proceedings of the 28th Symposium of the European Association of Remote Sensing Laboratories, Istanbul, Turkey, 2-5 June 2008
Mapping of growing stock and stand delineation for tropical forests using remote sensing
Manual of remote sensing. 2, Interpretation and applications
Hyperspectral data exploitation : theory and applications
Computer processing of remotely-sensed images : an introduction
Discovering knowledge in various applications with a novel hyperspectral imager
Scale in spatial information and analysis
Operational remote sensing for sustainable development : proceedings of the 18th EARSeL symposium on operational remote sensing for sustainable development, Enschede, Netherlands, 11-14 May 1998
Decision-making in land-use and conservation planning requires relevant and good quality information over wide areas, collected in a cost-efficient manner. This study focuses on the use of medium-resolution satellite imagery in landscape level studies of habitat pattern, particularly in fragmented agricultural landscapes. We analysed the suitability of multi-temporal Landsat TM images in habitat mapping, in particular for the discrimination of semi-natural grasslands. The results showed that even patchy agricultural mosaics can be coarsely mapped with Landsat TM and that the use of multi-temporal imagery notably improves the classification results. The best classification result (total accuracy 89%) was achieved with early spring, midsummer and late summer images combined. The classification accuracy for semi-natural grasslands was relatively low overall (63%), but over 90% of large (&gt; 1 ha) patches were discriminated. Furthermore, we compared a set of landscape composition and structure indices calculated from 1) a Landsat TM -based habitat classification (25 m resolution) and 2) a habitat map derived from aerial photographs (2 m resolution). The compositional indices, diversity index and patch sizes gave similar results on both scales. Finally, the habitat pattern of the study area was described using the calculated compositional, structural and environmental indices, and three main landscape types were identified.
Land resources monitoring, modeling, and mapping with remote sensing
"This book develops the stochastic geometry framework for image analysis purpose. Two main frameworks are described: marked point process and random closed sets models. We derive the main issues for defining an appropriate model. The algorithms for sampling and optimizing the models as well as for estimating parameters are reviewed. Numerous applications, covering remote sensing images, biological and medical imaging, are detailed. This book provides all the necessary tools for developing an image analysis application based on modern stochastic modeling"--.
Imaging radar for resources surveys
What makes segmentation good? A case study in boreal forest habitat mapping
Water quality estimation by optical remote sensing in boreal lakes
"This book will stimulate other researchers in this field to work on more practical questions and provide some insights to industrial engineers who want to use unmanned systems for their application problems".
The application of remote sensing technology to marine fisheries: an introductory manual
Manual of remote sensing. Volume 3, Remote sensing for the earth sciences
Satellite radar interferometry : subsidence monitoring techniques
Geospatial technologies and geography education in a changing world : geospatial practices and lessons learned
Progress in environmental remote sensing research and applications : proceedings of the 15th EARSeL Symposium, Basel, Switzerland, 4-6 September 1995
Observing earth satellites
Satellites and scientific research
Report on application of remote sensing to hydrology in the Nordic countries
Studying habitat use and behavior of moose (Alces alces) by integrating airborne laser scanning and GPS tracking
Remote sensing applications in meteorology and climatology
Improving flood forecasting using multi-source remote sensing data : report of the Floodfore project
Map use and analysis
Laboratory manual for introduction to remote sensing of the environment
Future Trends in Remote Sensing : proceedings of the 17th EARSel Symposium on Future Trends in Remote Sensing Lyngby, Denmark, 17-19 June 1997
Introductory digital image processing : a remote sensing perspective
Oceanography from space : proceedings of Conference on the feasibility of conducting oceanographic explorations from aircraft, manned orbital and lunar laboratories. Held at Woods Hole, Massachusetts, 24-28 August 1964
Stochastic geometry for image analysis
Treetops at risk : challenges of global canopy ecology and conservation
The advanced very high resolution radiometer (AVHRR)
Backscattering of light from solar system ices and regoliths
Symptom of environmental change in Siberian permafrost region : proceedings of the International Symposium of JSPS Core to Core Program between Hokkaido University and Martin Luther University Halle Wittenberg in 29-30 November 2005, Sapporo, Japan
Applicability of remote sensing techniques to groundwater exploration in semi-arid hard rock terrain : a systematic approach
Scale issues in remote sensing
Preliminary findings towards the use of lidar and digital aerial imagery as sampling tools to characterize volume killed by mountain pine beetle
Remote sensing of water resources, disasters, and urban studies
Sensitivity analysis in remote sensing
Enhanced processing of SPOT multispectral satellite imagery for environmental monitoring and modelling
Geospatial techniques for managing environmental resources
5th International Atmospheric Limb Conference and Workshop : book of abstracts
Advanced remote sensing : terrestrial information extraction and applications
Scaling up in hydrology using remote sensing
Imaging spectroscopy : new quality in  environmental studies : 4th Workshop on Imaging Spectroscopy held at Warsaw University, Poland, from 26th to 29th April 2005
Evaluating canopy spectral invariants derived from imaging spectroscopy data : a case study on southern boreal forests
Remote sensing of soils and vegetation in the USSR
Active and passive microwave remote sensing of large scale surface characteristics
Land remote sensing and global environmental change : NASA's earth observing system and the science of ASTER and MODIS
Satellite technologies in geoinformation science
Bibliography of remote sensing in forestry 1950 - 1978
Polarimetric scattering and SAR information retrieval
Assessing the land cover and land use change and its impact on watershed services in a tropical Andean watershed of Peru
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Studies scale issues from three interrelated perspectives: land surface properties, patterns, and processes. Addresses the impact of new frontiers in Earth observation technology (high-resolution, hyperspectral, Lidar sensing, and their synergy with existing technologies) and advances in remote sensing imaging science (object-oriented image analysis and data fusion).
Environmental impact assessment methodologies
Remote sensing note : Japan Association on Remote Sensing : 1993.
Finnish Remote Sensing Days 2012 : Book of Abstracts
Earth observation of ecosystem services
Forest inventory-based large-scale forest biomass and carbon budget assessment : new enhanced methods and use of remote sensing for verification
Crown envelope shape measurements and models
Remote sensing for three-dimensional modelling of hydromorphology
Remote sensing of snow-cover for the boreal forest zone using microwave radar
Modern hydrology and sustainable water development
Forest structure indicators based on tree size inequality and their relationships to airborne laser scanning
Integrating scale in remote sensing and GIS
Real time deforestation detection using ANN and satellite images : the Amazon rainforest study case
Space remote sensing systems : an introduction
GIS' 87 - San Francisco : "... into the hands of the decision maker" : second annual international conference, exhibits and workshops on geographic information systems, Hotel Nikko San Francisco, CA Oct. 26-30, 1987. Vol. 3
