http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25282 graphic characters
graphic characters
Zhongguo qingdiao zhi lü : Bu ke bu qu de 120 di = Charming tour of China
Chinese character exercise book : for practical Chinese reader book 1.
The 26 letters
Everyday Japanese characters
Hanzi lianxi ben : Jichu hanyu keben, di er ce = Chinese character exercise book : Elementary Chinese readers, book two
Dangdai Zhongwen. 4. Jiaoshi shouce = Contemporary Chinese. Volume 4. Teacher's book
THE CALLIGRAPHER`S PROJECT BOOK
A guide to remembering Japanese characters
A pronouncing dictionary of Chinese characters : in archaic & ancient Chinese, Mandarin & Cantonese = Hanzi gu jin yinhui
Han zi de zhi hui = The wisdom of Chinese characters
A manual of Japanese writing. Book 1-3
Biaozhun hanyu jiaocheng = Standard Chinese course. [1:2], Shangce (er)
Introductory Chinese : Chinese character workbook = Putong hanyu jiaocheng : hanzi lianxi ben
Kwei's video codes for Chinese characters = Guishi hanzi xingsheng ma
Hanyu chuji jiaocheng. di er ce = Elementary Chinese course. Part II
Easy lessons in Chinese writing
Dangdai Zhongwen. 2. Jiaoshi shouce = Contemporary Chinese. Volume 2. Teacher's book
Masterpieces of Chinese Writing Materials in te National Palace Museum
The Chinese language : fact and fantasy
China's language reforms
Dangdai Zhongwen. 3. Jiaoshi shouce = Contemporary Chinese, Volume 3. Teacher's book
A study of writing
The radicals of the Chinese script : traditional - and new. A teaching aid
Hanyu gaoji jiaocheng di 2 ce = Advanced Chinese course part 2
Xitong xue hanzi keben, zhong ji ben = Chinese characters a systematic approach
"Witnesses to the disappearance of a text, palimpsest manuscripts bear the marks of their own genesis, for their original inscription was rubbed out and written over on the same parchment. Erasure is a prerequisite of reinscription; destruction paves the way for renewal. Thus the palimpsest is an image of the processes of revision and accretion which shape medieval literary production. This collection explores analogies of erasure and rewriting observed in editorial and literary practices underlying the production of texts from medieval England. Whether palimpsests are the primary focus of study or serve as a metaphor for various phenomena of loss and accumulation, all the essays investigate the process of reinscription. "--Provided by publisher.
A business trip to China : conversation & application. I, Textbook = Jichu shangwu hanyu : huihua yu yingyong. [1] Shang
Shuo hanyu = Speak Chinese
ABC hieroglyphics
The chinese calligraphy sourcebook : the essenteial illustrated guide to over 300 beautiful characters
Chinese character indexes. Vol. 5, Four corner system index
Xitong xue hanzi lianxi ce, zhong ji ben = Chinese characters a systematic approach
Hanyu gaoji jiaocheng. di 2 ce = Advanced Chinese course. Part 2
The embodied image : Chinese calligraphy from the John B. Elliott collection
Hanzi Zhonghua = A Canon of Chinese characters
HSK : Biaozhun jiaocheng. 2, lianxice = Standard Course. 2, workbook
Speedball text book : lettering poster design for pen or brush
Korean for beginners : mastering conversational Korean
Hanyu chuji jiaocheng. di si ce = Elementary Chinese course. Part IV
Hanyu gaoji jiaocheng di 1 ce = Advanced Chinese course part 1
Biaozhun hanyu jiaocheng = Standard Chinese course. [2:2], Xiace (er)
Loan characters in pre-Han texts
Bodies and signs in early medieval China
Gen wo xue hanyu : lianxice dierce
Gen wo xue Hanyu : Xuesheng yong shu. Di si ce = Learn Chinese with me : Student's book. 4
How to identify Chinese characters = Hanzi ruhe bianren
Chinese characters and the Greek alphabet
Noodle words : an introduction to Chinese and Japanese characters
Practical calligraphy : techniques and materials
Gen wo xue hanyu : lianxice diyice
Chinese characters easily confused
Dictionary of iconic expressions in Japanese
The Chinese literati on painting : Su Shih (1037-1101) to Tung Ch'i-ch'eng (1555-1636)
Hanyu zhongji jiaocheng. Di 1 ce = Intermediate Chinese course. Part 1
Sound and symbol in Chinese
Writing & literacy in early China : studies from the Columbia Early China Seminar
The Most common Chinese radicals = Xinbian jichu hanyu : New approaches to learning Chinese = Changyong hanzi bushou xiezi bian
Gen wo xue Hanyu : Xuesheng yong shu. Di er ce = Learn Chinese with me : Student's book. 2
Biaozhun hanyu jiaocheng = Standard Chinese course. [2:1], Xiace (yi)
Beyond sinology : Chinese writing and the scripts of culture
Proceedings of the Scripta 2011 : writings and cognition
Standard Kanji : an easy method to learn the 1850 Chinese-Japanese characters prescribed by the Ministry of education of Japan for use in newspapers and magazines with six thousand compound character-words used in everyday literature and an additional list of ninety-two characters used in writing personal names = Tōyō kanji shū
The basics of traditional Chinese culture
Tracing the roots of Chinese characters: 500 cases = [Hanzi yanbian wubai li]
The art of hieroglyphics
Chinese characters
Chinese character indexes. Vol. 3, Radical index
Chinese character indexes. Vol. 4, Total stroke count index
Introduction to hiragana and characters : a self-study workbook
Character indexes of modern Chinese = Xiandai hanyu hanzi jianzi
Remembering traditional hanzi : how not to forget the meaning and writing of Chinese characters. Book 2
Analysis of Chinese characters
Palimpsests and the literary imagination of medieval England : collected essays
A pronouncing dictionary of Chinese characters : in archaic & ancient Chinese, Mandarin & Cantonese : (appendix) = Hanzi gu jin yinhui : (fulu)
Learn world calligraphy : discover African, Arabic, Chinese, Ethiopic, Greek, Hebrew, Indian, Japanese, Korean, Mongolian, Russian, Thai, Tibetan calligraphy, and beyond
Writing and scripts : history and techniques
Remembering the Kanji. 2, A systematic guide to reading Japanese characters
A dictionary of nonstandard simplified Chinese characters = [Zhongwen bu guifan jianqizi zidian]
Egyptian language : easy lessons in Egyptian hieroglyphics with sing list
Chineasy : the world of Chinese characters : eveyday
Remembering the Kanji. 1, A complete course on how not to forget the meaning and writing of Japanese characters
Hexin yuedu, (Zhongji ben)
Collins easy learning Chinese characters
Evolutionary illustration of Chinese characters
Speedball textbook : for pen and brush lettering
HSK : Biaozhun jiaocheng. 3, Lianxice = Standard Course. 3, Workbook
Chinese character indexes. Vol. 1, Telegraphic code index
Teach yourself beginner's Arabic script
A linguistic study of the formation of Chinese characters
A conversion table of simplified Chinese characters = Jianhuazi zongbiao jianzi
Learn to write Chinese characters
Fascinating hieroglyphics: discovering, decoding & understanding the ancient art
Hanyu gaoji jiaocheng. di 1 ce = Advanced Chinese course. Part 1
China panorama : Chinese phonetics = Zhongguo quanjing : hanyu yuyin dao ru
Gen wo xue Hanyu : Xuesheng yong shu. Di san ce = Learn Chinese with me : Student's book. 3
Hanyu chuji jiaocheng. di san ce = Elementary Chinese course. Part III
Grammata serica : script and phonetics in Chinese and Sino-Japanese
The calligraphy source book : the essential reference for all calligraphers
Writing and literacy in Chinese, Korean and Japanese
Chinese character indexes. Vol. 2, Romanization index
Hanzi lianxi ben : Jichu hanyu keben, xiuding ben, di er ce = Chinese character exercise book : Elementary Chinese readers, revised edition, book two
Remembering the Kanji. Vol. 3, writing and reading Japanese characters for upper-level proficiency
HSK : Biaozhun jiaocheng. 4 shang = HSK Standard Course. 4 shang
Biaozhun hanyu jiaocheng = Standard Chinese course. [1:3], Shangce (san)
Hanzi lianxi ben : Jichu hanyu keben, di yi ce = Chinese character exercise book : Elementary Chinese readers, book one
Chinese calligraphy
The handbook of Egyptian hieroglyphs : a study of the ancient language
A business trip to China : Conversation & Application. II, Textbook = Jichu shangwu hanyu : Huihua yu yingyong xia
Chinese writing
Hanyu zhongji jiaocheng. Di 2 ce = Intermediate Chinese course. Part 2
