http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25283 language awareness
language awareness
Reading, spelling and silent speech : exploring literacy in children with severe speech and physical impairment
Implicit and explicit learning of languages
Something torn and new : an African renaissance
Phonological awareness in reading : the evolution of current perspectives
Language regulation in English as a lingua franca : exploring language-regulatory practices in academic spoken discourse
Contemporary debates in childhood education and development
'Rule or feel' : the relationship of Finnish EFL learners' implicit and explicit knowledge and course achievement
Why we talk : the evolutionary origins of language
Where do phonological features come from? : cognitive, physical and developmental bases of distinctive speech categories
Language awareness in teacher education : cultural-political and social-educational perspectives
Encyclopedia of language and education. Vol. 6, Knowledge about language
The phonological mind
Talk and practical epistemology : the social life of knowledge in a Caribbean community
"This Handbook aims to provide an overview of current theoretical approaches and research in a range of topics related to child language. The field is multidimensional, as illustrated by the many courses on child language or language acquisition that are taught in departments of Linguistics, Psychology, Cognitive Science, Speech Pathology, Education and Anthropology. This cross disciplinary nature of the field is reflected in this Handbook, which is aimed at upper-level undergraduate students and beyond. Graduate students and researchers will find the chapters invaluable. Clinicians also will find some of the chapters of interest. In this introductory chapter we present a general overview of the field and some of the recent developments. In section 1.4 we discuss the organization of this volume and provide an overview of each chapter"--
Pathways to reading acquisition : effects of early skills, learning environment and familial risk for dyslexia
Persisting speech difficulties in children
Sprache und Kognition : traditionelle und neue Ansätze : Akten des 40. Linguistischen Kolloquiums in Moskau 2005 = Language and cognition : traditional and new approaches Proceedings of the 40th Linguistics Colloquium, Moscow 2005
Novelist Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o has been a force in African literature for decades: Since the 1970s, when he gave up the English language to commit himself to writing in African languages, his foremost concern has been the critical importance of language to culture. Here, Ngugi explores Africa's historical, economic, and cultural fragmentation by slavery, colonialism, and globalization. Throughout this tragic history, a constant and irrepressible force was Europhonism: the replacement of native names, languages, and identities with European ones. The result was the dismemberment of African memory. Seeking to remember language in order to revitalize it, Ngugi's quest is for wholeness. Wide-ranging, erudite, and hopeful, this book is a cri de coeur to save Africa's cultural future.--From publisher description.
Understanding phonics and the teaching of reading : critical perspectives
The primacy of movement
Towards fluent reading : from reading assessment to evidence-based interventions.
Critical language awareness
"The best survey of the subject available, The Cambridge Handbook of Child Language brings together the world's foremost researchers to provide a one-stop resource for the study of language acquisition and development. Grouped into five thematic sections, the handbook is organized by topic, making it easier for students and researchers to use when looking up specific in-depth information. It covers a wider range of subjects than any other handbook on the market, with chapters covering both theories and methods in child language research and tracing the development of language from prelinguistic infancy to teenager. Drawing on both established and more recent research, the Handbook surveys the crosslinguistic study of language acquisition; prelinguistic development; bilingualism; sign languages; specific language impairment, language and autism, Down syndrome and Williams syndrome. This book will be an essential reference for students and researchers working in linguistics, psychology, cognitive science, speech pathology, education and anthropology"--
Patterns in child phonology
Gender and spoken interaction
Talking heads : the neuroscience of language
Early prediction of reading : phonological awareness and related language and cognitive skills in children with a familial risk for dyslexia
Research methods in child language : a practical guide
Plurilingualism and multiliteracies : international research on identity construction in language education
The Cambridge handbook of child language
Language and literacy development : what educators need to know
Linguistic awareness in multilinguals : English as a third language
Poetic epistemologies : gender and knowing in women's language-oriented writing
