http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25293 Early Modern Age
Early Modern Age
Beyond the public sphere : opinions, publics, spaces in early modern Europe
Eurasian slavery, ransom and abolition in world history, 1200-1860
Translating knowledge in the Early Modern Low Countries
"Aristocratic dynasties have long been regarded as fundamental to the development of early modern society and government. Yet recent work by political historians has increasingly questioned the dominant role of ruling families in state formation, underlining instead the continued importance and independence of individuals. In order to take a fresh look at the subject, this volume provides a broad discussion on the formation of dynastic identities in relationship to the lineage's own history, other families within the social elite, and the ruling dynasty"--Provided by publisher.
This book breaks with three common scholarly barriers of periodization, discipline and geography in its exploration of the related themes of heresy, magic and witchcraft. It sets aside constructed chronological boundaries, and in doing so aims to achieve a clearer picture of what 'went before', as well as what 'came after'. Thus the volume demonstrates continuity as well as change in the concepts and understandings of magic, heresy and witchcraft. In addition, the geographical pattern of similarities and diversities suggests a comparative approach, transcending confessional as well as national borders. Throughout the medieval and early modern period, the orthodoxy of the Christian Church was continuously contested. The challenge of heterodoxy, especially as expressed in various kinds of heresy, magic and witchcraft, was constantly present during the period 1200-1650. Neither contesters nor followers of orthodoxy were homogeneous groups or fractions. They themselves and their ideas changed from one century to the next, from region to region, even from city to city, but within a common framework of interpretation. This collection of essays focuses on this complex.
In the late seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries, cultural, economic, and political changes, as well as increased geographic mobility, placed strains upon British society. But by cultivating friendships and alliances, women worked to socially cohere Britain and its colonies. In the first book-length historical study of female friendship and alliance for the early modern period, Amanda Herbert draws on a series of interlocking microhistorical studies to demonstrate the vitality and importance of bonds formed between British women in the long eighteenth century. She shows that while these alliances were central to women's lives, they were also instrumental in building the British Atlantic world.
The Companion to the Hanseatic League discusses the importance of the Hanseatic League for the social and economic history of pre-modern northern Europe. Established already as early as the twelfth century, the towns that formed the Hanseatic League created an important network of commerce throughout the Baltic and North Sea area. From Russia in the east, to England and France in the west, the cities of the Hanseatic League created a vast northern maritime trade network. The aim of this volume is to present a 'state' of the field English-language volume by some of the most respected Hanse scholars. Contributors are Mike Burkhardt, Ulf Christian Ewert, Rolf Hammel-Kiesow, Donald J. Harreld, Carsten Jahnke, Michael North, Jörgen Sarnowsky and Stephan Selzer.
Friendship and social networks in Scandinavia c. 1000-1800
The languages of political society : Western Europe, 14th-17th centuries
Siting Federico Barocci and the Renaissance aesthetic
Over the past three decades scholars have transformed the study of women and gender in early modern Europe. This Ashgate Research Companion presents an authoritative review of the current research on women and gender in early modern Europe from a multi-disciplinary perspective. The authors examine women's lives, ideologies of gender, and the differences between ideology and reality through the recent research across many disciplines, including history, literary studies, art history, musicology, history of science and medicine, and religious studies. The book is intended as a resource for scholars and students of Europe in the early modern period, for those who are just beginning to explore these issues and this time-period, as well as for scholars learning about aspects of the field in which they are not yet an expert. The companion not only offers a comprehensive examination of the current research on women in early modern Europe, but will act as a spark for new research in the field.
Johannes Magnus (1488–1544), the last Catholic archbishop of Uppsala to hold residence in Sweden, was the author of a monumental work about Swedish history, in the form of biographies of over 200 kings, from the grandsons of Noah to Gustavus Vasa. The work is entitled Historia de omnibus Gothorum Sueonumque regibus, the 'History of all the Kings of the Goths and the Swedes', and was published posthumously in Rome in 1554. Johannes' work gained spectacular importance in the 17th century, when the dominions of Sweden were increased through the bellicose efforts of King Gustavus II Adolphus and his successors: it became the ideological basis for Swedish patriotism and was translated into Swedish by order of the king. But when historians eventually began to ask questions about the factual accuracy of the work, they found it doubtful. Johannes was claimed to have used his imagination to invent his history, instead of having subjected his sources to critical evaluation in order to find out about the past, as was demanded by later historians. In short, the work was seen as full of invented people and events.
Early modern Goa : Indian trade, transcultural medicine, and the Inquisition
Fashion and clothing in late medieval Europe = Mode und Kleidung im Europa des späten Mittelalters
A companion to the Hanseatic League
Novgorod : architectural monuments 11th-17th centuries
In the dying days of the Wars of the Roses a secret war is born. The battle for a crown is about to become a fight for the world. Bastard son, mercenary soldier, protector of the rightful king, seeker of a secret more treacherous than any in Christendom: Jack Wynter is destined to live in dangerous times. In England, the Wars of the Roses ended a decade ago with the fall of the House of Lancaster and the victory of King Edward of York. But peace sleeps uneasy in this divided realm and when the king dies unexpectedly it isn't long before old blood feuds and ambitions are awoken.
The limits of empire : European imperial formations in early modern world history : essays in honor of Geoffrey Parker
Medieval foundations of international relations
Sons of the blood
Contesting orthodoxy in medieval and early modern Europe : heresy, magic and witchcraft
Food and health in early modern Europe : diet, medicine and society, 1450-1800
The Franks in Outremer : studies in the Latin principalities of Palestine and Syria, 1099-1187
A collection of essays that examines the idea of future in early modern European literature, politics, religion, science, and social life. Investigating how both elite and popular writers represented their access to or control over the future, it proposes fresh insights into one of the defining characteristics of modernity.
Protection, continuity and gender : craft trade culture in the Baltic Sea region (14th-16th centuries)
Hungry women : sin and rebellion through food and music in the early modern era
The political economy of empire in the early modern world
The uses of the future in early modern Europe
The five senses in medieval and early modern England
The smoke of the soul : medicine, physiology and religion in early modern England
Fear and loathing? : suicide and the treatment of the corpse in early modern Austria and Sweden
Image and incarnation : the early modern doctrine of the pictorial image
"Traditionally women were denied access to positions of official religious authority within Christianity and were therefore compelled to explore other avenues to acquire and express spiritual leadership. Through twelve case studies covering different regions in Europe, this volume considers the nuances of what constituted female spiritual authority, how it was acquired and manifested by religious women, and how it evolved from the High Middle Ages to the Early Modern period. Whilst current scholarship often emphasizes binaries within the fields of gender and religious authority, this volume examines the manifestation of female religious authority in its multiple facets. It looks both at individuals displaying exceptional forms of agency such as prophesying, as well as more commonplace, communal activities such as letter-writing and music-making. By taking into account the pervasiveness of spirituality in society as a whole in the Pre-Modern era, this collection of essays renegotiates the relationship between the spiritual and the social domain. Through the chronological organization of the contributions insight is gained into the changes in the means and forms female religious authority could take between 1150 and 1750. The narrative is clearly impacted by late medieval enclosure policies and by changing modes of spirituality. Whereas women in the earlier period tended to represent themselves as a door through which God could advance towards mankind, later on they functioned more frequently as a portal through which others could advance towards God."--Back cover.
Death in Babylon : Alexander the Great & Iberian empire in the Muslim Orient
The merchants of Siberia : trade in early modern Eurasia
Chaplains in early modern England : patronage, literature and religion
Beyond melancholy : sadness and selfhood in Renaissance England
Routledge handbook of material culture in early modern Europe
Focusing on what he calls 'the performative gaze', the author explores the artistic world of the Urbino painter Federico Barocci in the context of Renaissance culture.
Traditional holidays during the fifteenth through seventeenth centuries in England
Popular opinion in the Middle Ages : channeling public ideas and attitudes
Dynastic identity in early modern Europe : rulers, aristocrats and the formation of identities
Early modern Habsburg women : transnational contexts, cultural conflicts, dynastic continuities
Urban space in the middle ages and the early modern age
The body in early modern Italy
Expertise : practical knowledge and the early modern state
Notebooks, English virtuosi, and early modern science
Communities of learning : networks and the shaping of intellectual identity in Europe, 1100-1500
The Oxford handbook of philosophy in early modern Europe
Lived religion and the long Reformation in Northern Europe c. 1300-1700
Portraits of the city : representing urban space in later medieval and early modern Europe
Using ""lived religion"" as its conceptual tool, this book explores how the Reformation showed itself in and was influenced by lay people's everyday lives. It reinvestigates the character of the Reformation in what later became the heartlands of Lutheranism.
Despite common perceptions of the medieval world as mostly land-based or limited to individual courts, we can discover the development of the urbanization process already in the eleventh and twelfth centuries. The complexity of the matter requires a fully interdisciplinary approach, including art history, literature, urban geography, women's studies, social and economic history, religion, and philosophy. The contributions to this new volume build on extensive research on urban history but develop intriguingly new insight into living space, mental structures, and social conditions within medieval and early-modern cities.
Re-forming texts, music, and church art in the early modern north
Slaves and Englishmen : human bondage in the early modern Atlantic world
The Ashgate research companion to women and gender in early modern Europe
The Dutch Revolt and Catholic exile in Reformation Europe
Religion in public : Locke's political theology
Ritual and conflict : the social relations of childbirth in early modern England
The one-sex body on trial : the classical and early modern evidence
Time and the science of the soul in early modern philosophy
In the Footsteps of Christ : Hans Memling's passion narratives and the devotional imagination in the early modern Netherlands
Today, friendship, love and sexuality are mostly viewed as private, personal and informal relations. In the mediaeval and early modern period, just like in ancient times, this was different. The classical philosophy of friendship (Aristotle) included both friendship and love in the concept of philia. It was also linked to an argument about the virtues needed to become an excellent member of the city state. Thus, close relations were not only thought to be a matter of pleasant gatherings in privacy, but just as much a matter of ethics and politics. What, then, happened to the classical ideas of close relations when they were transmitted to philosophers, clerical and monastic thinkers, state officials or other people in the medieval and early modern period? To what extent did friendship transcend the distinctions between private and public that then existed? How were close relations shaped in practice? Did dialogues with close friends help to contribute to the process of subject-formation in the Renaissance and Enlightenment? To what degree did institutions of power or individual thinkers find it necessary to caution against friendship or love and sexuality? These are some of the questions raised in the book, on the basis of different European sources. The discussions touch upon changes in the distinctions between private and public, in subject-formation and legal practices, as well as the varying cultural, existential and ethical importance of close relations in history.
A touch of eroticism : items of cutlery from the 17th-century Finland
Through the ages : A new story of civilization
The emblem in early modern Europe : contributions to the theory of the emblem
Human bodies have been represented and defined in various ways across different cultures and historical periods. This title features the essays that explore the manifestations of the body in Italian society from the fourteenth through the seventeenth centuries. It comments on a broad range and variety of conceptualizations of the body.
Focusing specifically on the role expertise has played in the support, legitimation, and growth of the state since early modern times, this work reveals how scientific expertise and practical knowledge were crucial to the construction of early modern empires and economies.
Mediterranean identities in the premodern era : entrepôts, islands, empires
"The title of this book, and perhaps also of the course for which you are reading it, is Early Modern Europe. The dates in the title inform you about the chronological span covered (1450-1789), but they do not explain the designation "early modern." That term was developed by historians seeking to refine an intellectual model first devised during this very period, when scholars divided European history into three parts: ancient (to the end of the Roman Empire in the west in the fifth century), medieval (from the fifth century to the fifteenth), and modern (from the fifteenth century to their own time). In this model, the break between the Middle Ages and the modern era was marked by the first voyage of Columbus (1492) and the beginning of the Protestant Reformation (1517), though some scholars, especially those who focused on Italy, set the break somewhat earlier with the Italian Renaissance. This three-part periodization became extremely influential, and as the modern era grew longer and longer, historians began to divide it into "early modern" - from the Renaissance or Columbus to the French Revolution in 1789 - and what we might call "truly modern" - from the French Revolution to whenever they happened to be writing"--
Narrating war : early modern and contemporary perspectives
Political discourse in early modern Britain
Astrologers and their clients in medieval and early modern Europe
John Locke's theory of toleration is generally seen as advocating the privatization of religion. This interpretation has become conventional wisdom: secularization is widely understood as entailing the privatization of religion, and the separation of religion from power. This book turns that conventional wisdom on its head and argues that Locke secularizes religion, that is, makes it worldly, public, and political. In the name of diverse citizenship, Locke reconstructs religion as persuasion, speech, and fashion. He insists on a consensus that human rights are sacred insofar as humans are.
Fama and her sisters : gossip and rumour in early modern Europe
Johannes Magnus and the composition of truth : Historia de omnibus Gothorum Sueonumque regibus
Through the ages : a new story of civilization
To tell their children : Jewish communal memory in early modern Prague
Memory before modernity : practices of memory in early modern Europe
Negotiating differences : word, image and religion in the Dutch Republic
Engaging with nature : essays on the natural world in medieval and early modern Europe
This volume brings together twenty studies relating to the history of the Latin principalities established in Palestine and Syria from their foundation in the course of the First Crusade up to their defeat by Saladin at the battle of Hattin in 1187. Half of the essays deal with the first three decades of the Frankish settlement, focusing on the monarchy of the kingdom of Jerusalem under Godfrey of Bouillon, Baldwin I and Baldwin II, and on the origins and prosopography of the Frankish nobility. Beyond this are longer-ranging studies devoted to sacred and secular aspects of the landscape and population of Palestine, including the settlement of the city of Jerusalem, the military use of the relic of the True Cross, and wider strategic considerations concerning the defence of the Holy Land. The final section considers how the Franks perceived and interacted with the Muslim and native Christian inhabitants of Syria, Palestine and neighbouring lands, with a particular emphasis on the evidence of the great chronicle of William of Tyre.
"For at least a generation, scholars have asserted that privacy barely existed in the early modern era. The divide between the public and private was vague, they say, and the concept, if it was acknowledged, was rarely valued. In Privacy in the Age of Shakespeare, Ronald Huebert challenges these assumptions by marshalling evidence that it was in Shakespeare's time that the idea of privacy went from a marginal notion to a desirable quality. The era of transition begins with More's Utopia (1516), in which privacy is forbidden. It ends with Milton's Paradise Lost (1667), in which privacy is a good to be celebrated. In between come Shakespeare's plays, paintings by Titian and Vermeer, devotional manuals, autobiographical journals, and the poetry of George Herbert and Robert Herrick, all of which Huebert carefully analyses in order to illuminate the dynamic and emergent nature of early modern privacy."--
"The present study seeks to probe the formative impact of exile on changing Catholic identities, both in the northern and in the southern Netherlands. More specifically, it will argue that many displaced Catholics became receptive to militant strands of Catholicism during their years in foreign safe havens. Local media, clerical leadership and forms of sociability facilitated and shaped this process of religious radicalisation among Catholic expatriates. When the changing course of the war allowed the exiles to return home, these spiritually reborn men and women promulgated their radical beliefs in areas recovered by the Habsburg monarchy"--
News in early modern Europe : currents and connections
Scholarly self-fashioning and community in the early modern university
Female alliances : gender, identity, and friendship in early modern Britain
A cultural history of childhood and family. Vol. 3, A cultural history of childhood and family in the early modern age
The saint and the chopped-up baby : the cult of Vincent Ferrer in medieval and early modern Europe
Society in early modern England : the vernacular origins of some powerful ideas
The Devil's tabernacle : the pagan oracles in early modern thought
Early modern Europe, 1450-1789
This volume recasts our understanding of the practical and theoretical foundations and dynamic experiences of early modern imperialism. The imperial encounter with political economy was neither uniform across political, economic, cultural, and religious constellations nor static across time. The contributions collected in this volume address, with undeniable pertinence for the struggles of later periods, the moral and military ambiguity of profits and power as well as the often jealous interactions between different solutions to the problem of empire. By synthesising economic, intellectual, and cultural historiographies, the book presents a powerful mosaic of imperial theories and practices contributing to the creation of the modern world and to the most pressing concerns of our time.
Though Alexander the Great lived more than 17 centuries before the onset of Iberian expansion into Muslim Africa and Asia, he loomed large in the literature of late medieval and early modern Portugal and Spain. This title shows that the story of Alexander sowed the seeds of Iberian empire and foreshadowed the decline of Spanish influence.
Privacy in the age of Shakespeare
Labors of innocence in early modern England
Mulieres religiosae : shaping female spiritual authority in the medieval and early modern periods
For many early modern philosophers, particularly those influenced by Aristotle's 'Physics' and 'De anima', time had an intimate connection to the human rational soul. This connection had wide-ranging implications for metaphysics, natural philosophy and politics: at its heart was the assumption that man was not only a rational, but also a temporal, animal. In 'Time and the Science of the Soul in Early Modern Philosophy', Michael Edwards traces this connection from late Aristotelian commentaries and philosophical textbooks to the natural and political philosophy of two of the best-known 'new philosophers' of the seventeenth century, Thomas Hobbes and René Descartes. The book demonstrates both time's importance as a philosophical problem, and the intellectual fertility and continued relevance of Aristotelian philosophy into the seventeenth century.
Nature engaged : science in practice from the Renaissance to the present
Through the ages : A story of civilization
Religious diaspora in early modern Europe : strategies of exile
The Arma Christi in medieval and early modern material culture : with a critical edition of 'O Vernicle'
Words and matter : the virgin Mary in late medieval and early modern parish life
Archipelago
The future of illusion : political theology and early modern texts
The emblem was big business in early-modern Europe, used extensively not only in printed books and broadsheets, but also to decorate pottery, metalware, furniture, glass and windows and numerous other domestic, devotional and political objects. At its most basic level simply a combination of symbolic visual image and texts.
Final passages : the intercolonial slave trade of British America, 1619-1807
Friendship and love, ethics and politics : studies in mediaeval and early modern history
T.S. Eliot and early modern literature
Early modern things : objects and their histories, 1500-1800
Game of queens : the women who made sixteenth-century Europe
Violence and emotions in early modern Europe
Reconfiguring the world : nature, god, and human understanding from the Middle Ages to early modern Europe
Discovering, identifying and editing early modern manuscripts
Latinity and alterity in the early modern period
Matter matters : metaphysics and methodology in the early modern period
Images of Islam, 1453-1600 : Turks in Germany and Central Europe
Ecologies and economies in medieval and early modern Europe : studies in environmental history for Richard C. Hoffmann
