http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25221 homophobia
homophobia
Promoting educational equity through teacher empowerment : web-assisted transformative action research as a counter-heteronormative praxis
The persecution of people in Africa on the basis of their assumed or perceived homosexual orientation has received considerable coverage in the popular media in recent years. Gay-bashing by political and religious figures in Zimbabwe and Gambia; draconian new laws against lesbians and gays and their supporters in Malawi, Nigeria and Uganda; and the imprisonment and extortion of gay men in Senegal and Cameroon have all rightly sparked international condemnation. However, much of the analysis has been highly critical of African leadership and culture without considering local nuances, historical factors and external influences that are contributing to the problem. Such commentary also overlooks grounds for optimism in the struggle for sexual rights and justice in Africa, not just for sexual minorities but for the majority population as well.
Pink blood : homophobic violence in Canada
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
A book for gay and bisexual people on how to build happy, secure lives and relationships, and a call-to-arms for society to protect and nurture young people, regardless of their sexual orientation. Written by Matthew Todd, editor of the UK's biggest-selling gay magazine, Straight Jacket is a revolutionary guide for gay men which began life as an article in Attitude magazine.
Strong women, deep closets : lesbians and homophobia in sport
Margaret Mead Made Me Gay is the intellectual autobiography of cultural anthropologist Esther Newton, a pioneer in gay and lesbian studies. Chronicling the development of her ideas from the excitement of early feminism in the 1960s to friendly critiques of queer theory in the 1990s, this collection covers a range of topics such as why we need more precise sexual vocabularies, why there have been fewer women doing drag than men, and how academia can make itself more hospitable to queers. It brings together such classics as “The Mythic Mannish Lesbian” and “Dick(less) Tracy and the Homecoming Queen” with entirely new work such as “Theater: Gay Anti-Church.” Newton's provocative essays detail a queer academic career while offering a behind-the-scenes view of academic homophobia. In four sections that correspond to major periods and interests in her life - ”Drag and Camp,” “Lesbian-Feminism,” “Butch,” and “Queer Anthropology” - the volume reflects her successful struggle to create a body of work that uses cultural anthropology to better understand gender oppression, early feminism, theatricality and performance, and the sexual and erotic dimensions of fieldwork. Combining personal, theoretical, and ethnographic perspectives, Margaret Mead Made Me Gay also includes photographs from Newton's personal and professional life. With wise and revealing discussions of the complex relations between experience and philosophy, the personal and the political, and identities and practices, Margaret Mead Made Me Gay is important for anyone interested in the birth and growth of gay and lesbian studies.
Reading the bromance : homosocial relationships in film and television
Teaching controversial issues in the classroom : key issues and debates
When everything feels like the movies
"Bullying: Experiences and Discourses of Sexuality and Gender provides a valuable insight into the experiences of young people and how bullying can impact upon them in the school environment. The book offers an introduction to the key issues associated with bullying on the grounds of sex and sexual orientation, and points to key policies and guidance on these difficult issues. With cutting-edge research and applied studies from leading academics and practitioners in the field, Bullying combines theory with suggestions for practical intervention for practitioners in education and social work. Chapter by chapter, the book strengthens the reader's knowledge base, and demonstrates how best to develop both academic and advocacy arguments to confront bullying, formulate intervention through examples of research findings, and recommend advice and guidance in professional contexts. Bullying offers multiple perspectives to challenge bullying related to gender, sexuality, and transgender status. The book includes the latest work on: - sexual bullying and the implications for policy and practice - sexual dimensions of cyberbullying - homophobia - sex differences in bullying - lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender issues in educational contexts - planning and delivering interventions in schools. Bullying: Experiences and Discourses of Sexuality and Gender will appeal to education professionals, as well as researchers and postgraduate students in the social sciences, social work and educational and clinical child psychology"--
Boy-wives and female husbands : studies in African homosexualities
Angels in America. Levy 2
Promoting Educational Equity through Teacher Empowerment:web-assisted Transformative Action Research as a Counter-Heteronormative Praxis
Plato or Paul? : the origins of Western homophobia
Queering conflict : examining lesbian and gay experiences of homophobia in Northern Ireland
The meanings of violence
Thinking straight : the power, the promise, and the paradox of heterosexuality
Critical queer studies : law, film, and fiction in contemporary American culture
Pray the gay away : the extraordinary lives of Bible belt gays
Bullying : experiences and discourses of sexuality and gender
Oklahomo : lessons in unqueering America
Queering Conflict offers a unique culturally specific analysis into the ways in which homophobia in Northern Ireland has been informed and sustained during the latter half of the twentieth century. This book takes the failure of the British Government to extend the 1967 Sexual Offences Act to Northern Ireland as its central point to demonstrate the subtle, but important, differences governing attitudes towards homosexuality in Northern Ireland. Both homophobia and hate crimes are shown to be situated within the framework of Northern Ireland's socio-political history as well as part of an overall culture of violence which existed as a result of 'the Troubles'. Duggan shows how the influence of moral and religious conservatism born out of sectarian divisions led to homophobia becoming an integral part of community cohesion and identity formation. Decades of political instability led to the marginalization of rights for lesbians and gay men, but the peace process has led to the development of a discourse of equality which is slowly allowing sexual minorities to situate themselves within the new Northern Ireland.
Margaret Mead made me gay : personal essays, public ideas
Global homophobia : states, movements, and the politics of oppression
In the name of national security : Hitchcock, homophobia, and the political construction of gender in postwar America
The Gilded Age construction of modern American homophobia
A chronicle of the modern struggle for gay, lesbian and transgender rights draws on interviews with politicians, military figures, legal activists and members of the LGBT community to document the cause's struggles since the 1950s.
Sex, politics, and Putin : political legitimacy in Russia
Through a series of urban case studies, Queer Cities, Queer Cultures examines the articulation of particular subcultures and forms of expression with the broader stories we tell about postwar Europe and particular watershed moments. It considers queer life in the selected cities in relation to the advent and end of Cold War polarization, and considers the degree to which the iconic events of 1945, 1968, and 1989 influenced the social and sexual climate of the ensuing decades. It raises questions about the form and structure of the 1960s sexual revolution, and forces us to think about how we define sexual liberalization and where, how and on whose terms it occurs. The book also explores the role of America in shaping particular forms of subculture; the significance of changes in legal codes; modes of queer consumption and displays of community; the difficult fit of queer (as opposed to gay and lesbian) politics in liberal democracies; the challenge of AIDS; and the arrival of the Internet.
Queer lovers and hateful others: regenerating violent times and places
Inclusive masculinity : the changing nature of masculinities
Homophobias : lust and loathing across time and space
The gay revolution : the story of the struggle
Homophobic bullying : research and theoretical perspectives
Critical Queer Studies examines contemporary films and documentaries that dramatize the intersection of law and queer life, analyzing the effects of legal doctrines-jury selection, unwanted sexual advance, negligence, hate crimes, and gay marriage-on the production and reception of queer film and fiction. Exploring the interaction of these discourses by discussing internationally-known American films, the book demonstrates how the law maintains its hold over the queer subject through promoting certain ideological fictions and conversely how film and literature draw upon the material realities of queer legal status to dramatize conflicts between law and the marginalized subject. Critical Queer Studies synthesizes queer studies, law and literature, and film studies, engaging these fields to show how the struggle for gay and lesbian rights has influenced the production of film and fiction.
Straight jacket : how to be gay and happy
Balancing between identities : a gay athlete's experiences in sport and exercise domains in Finland
Because I have a voice : queer politics in India
Sexuality and social justice in Africa : rethinking homophobia and forging resistance
