http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25274 bioeconomy
bioeconomy
Government Report on Forest Policy 2050.
Towards bioeconomy : a three-phase Delphi study on forest biorefinery diffusion in Scandinavia and North America
Conservation of polypore diversity in managed forests of boreal Fennoscandia
Local and regional scale determinants of biodiversity patterns in boreal agricultural landscapes
A bridge from the to a bioeconomy (English Summary)
Lichens : sensitive indicators of changes in the forest environment
Towards a new era of forest science in the boreal region : abstracts of the 17th IBFRA conference May 24-29,2015, Rovaniemi, Finland
Ecosystem services and livelihoods - vulnerability and adaptation to a changing climate : VACCIA-synthesis report
Effects of forest management on sustainability of integrated timber and energy wood production : scenario analysis based on ecosystem model simulations
Evolution and implementation of multifunctionality-related policies in China and Finland
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
Book of Proceedings Bioenergy from Forest 2016.
Bioeconomics of fisheries management
Use of biomass fuels in the brick-making industries of Sudan : implications for deforestation and greenhouse gas emission
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fiber and deinking
Joensuu forestry networking week 2012 : green growth based on forests – New Wooden Products and Construction : Final Report
Local and Regional Scale Determinants of Biodiversity Patterns in Boreal Agricultural Landscapes
Sustainable bio-economy : potential, challenges and opportunities in Finland
Papermaking science and technology. Book 11, Pigment coating and surface sizing of paper
Yhteenveto (Summary in Finnish)
Discourses of ecology and new biotechnology in the Finnish forest sector - combining old structures and net technologies
Responses of silver birch saplings to low soil temperature
Environmental impacts of traditional and innovative forest-based bioproducts
Papermaking science and technology. Book 20, Biorefining of forest resources
Biogeochemistry in acid sulphate soil landscapes and small urban centres in Western Finland
So that the value chain would go clic
International experiences in Eco-industrial parks
Bioeconomy and ecosystem services - synergy or conflict? : horizontal and vertical policy analysis, modelling and orchestration in practice : Final Conference Proceedings of FPS COST Action FP1207
Environmental Services provided by the Nordic-Baltic Forests : extended abstracts of the CAR-ES network meeting in Finland 20.-22.10.2014
Scenario analysis for the biomass supply potential and the future development of Finnish forest resources
Entering the bioeconomy together with skillful partners (English summary)
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
The birth of biopolitics : lectures at the Collège de France, 1978-1979
Surfing the sixth wave : exploring the next 40 years of global change : the interim report of the project "The 6th wave and systemic innovations for Finland : success factors for the years 2010-2050 (6th wave)"
Biopolitical screens : image, power, and the neoliberal brain
Microsites before and after restoration in managed Picea abies stands in southern Finland : effects of fire and partial cutting with dead wood creation
Distributed bio-based economy : driving sustainable growth
On diversity effects of alternative agricultural policy reforms in Finland : an agricultural sector modelling approach
Sustainable growth from the bioeconomy
Biochar application is a promising strategy for sequestering carbon in agricultural soils and for improving degraded soils. Nonetheless, contradictory and unsettled issues remain. This study investigates whether biochar influences the soil microbial biomass and community structure using phospholipid fatty acid (PLFA) analysis. We monitored the effects of four different types of biochar on the soil microbial communities in three temperate soils of Austria over several months. A greenhouse experiment and two field experiments were conducted. The biochar application did not significantly increase or decrease the microbial biomass. Only the addition of vineyard pruning biochar pyrolysed at 400°C caused microbial biomass to increase in the greenhouse experiment. The biochar treatments however caused shifts in microbial communities (visualized by principal component analysis). We concluded that the shifts in the microbial community structure are an indirect rather than a direct effect and depend on soil conditions and nutrient status.
The Biomedical & Life Sciences Collection
Green-tree retention and controlled burning in restoration and conservation of beetle diversity in boreal forests
Forest value chain optimization and sustainability
Bioenergy decision-making of farms in Northern Finland : combining the bottom-up and top-down perspectives
The internet of things shapes industrial ecosystems (English Summary)
Effects of reindeer grazing and forestry on ground lichens in Finnish Lapland
Forest owners' attitudes to and preferences for voluntary conservation : preliminary results of a survey
Aalto trains multi-skilled bioeconomy experts
A tank full of the future
Wood biochemicals for the protection of health : focus on hemicellulose. stilbenoids and lignans
Biotechnical methods for improvement of energy economy in mechanical pulping
Process redesign in development of forest biomass supply for energy
Finland's National Forest Programme 2015 : turning the Finnish forest sector into a responsible pioneer in bioeconomy
Changing institutions and consumer-driven development of forest products and servicess
The biofuel delusion : the fallacy of large-scale agro-biofuel production
Developing the global bioeconomy : technical, market, and environmental lessons from bioenergy
Concepts and instruments for a rational bioenergy policy : a new institutional economics approach
Life as surplus : biotechnology and capitalism in the neoliberal era
The Finnish forest based bioeconomy - what do the universities have for future? : the 9th biennial Johan Gullichsen Colloquium, 14 November, 2013 Dipoli, Espoo, Finland
Bioenergy entrepreneurship as a tool for rural development  in Northern Finland
Biofuels from agricultural wastes and byproducts
A communication network for machines (English Summary)
Future of the European forest-based sector : structural changes towards bioeconomy
This unique book provides the first comprehensive overview of wood based bioenergy in the northern hardwood forests of the Eastern United States. This includes a holistic look at the topic of wood based bioenergy, as well as focused analyses of key topics.
Building an intelligent and responsible natural resource economy : natural resources report submitted to parliament by the Finnish Government
Biochar affects the structure rather than the total biomass of microbial communities in temperate soils
Biodiversity management with lobbying and technological change
Butterfly communities in relation to changes in the management of agricultural environments
Analysis Of Biomass Waste Potentials For Electrical Energy Generation In Ghana
US Baseline briefing book : projections for agricultural and biofuel markets
Performance of alternative policies in addressing environmental dimensions of multifunctionality
On money
Woodland key habitats : a key to effective conservation of forest biodiversity?
Enhancing methane production in a farm-scale biogas production system
Biorenewable resources : engineering new products from agriculture
Analysis factors affecting supply of agricultural products : market liberalization, agricultural policies, bioenergy policies, population growth, input price development, trade policies and other relevant factors
People in the bioeconomy 2044 : sustainability, closed circles, and use of biomass woven into solutions
Reshaping American agriculture to meet its biofuel and biopolymer roles
Benefits of carbon neutrality in a rapidly changing business environment
Multiple indicators of human impacts on the environment in the Pechora Basin, north-eastern European Russia
Wood-based energy in the northern forests
Agrobiodiversity : characterization, utilization, and management
Functional diversity in agricultural field margins
Beyond Mendel's garden : biotechnology in the service of world agriculture
EVALUATION OF MARKET POTENTIAL OF BRAZIL FOR FOREST MACHINERY COMPANIES: CASE KESLA
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Stochastic simulation and optimization of mobile chipping economics in processing and transport of forest biomass from residues
Diffuse load abatement with biodiversity co-benefits : the optimal rotation age and buffer zone size
Agriculture for the future : biodynamic agriculture today 90 years since Koberwitz
Drainage and agricultural biodiversity : should society promote surface or subsurface drainage?
In Biopolitical Screens, Pasi Väliaho charts and conceptualizes the imagery that composes our affective and conceptual reality under twenty-first-century capitalism. Väliaho investigates the role screen media play in the networks that today harness human minds and bodies -- the ways that images animated on console game platforms, virtual reality technologies, and computer screens capture human potential by plugging it into arrangements of finance, war, and the consumption of entertainment. Drawing on current neuroscience and political and economic thought, Väliaho argues that these images work to shape the atomistic individuals who populate the neoliberal world of accumulation and war. Väliaho bases his argument on a broad notion of the image as something both visible and sayable, detectable in various screen platforms but also in scientific perception and theoretical ideas. After laying out the conceptual foundations of the book, Väliaho offers focused and detailed investigations of the current visual economy. He considers the imagery of first-person shooter video games as tools of "neuropower"; explores the design and construction of virtual reality technologies to treat post-traumatic stress disorder in veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan; and examines three instances of video installation art that have the power to disrupt the dominant regime of sensibility rather than reinforce it.
The biotech century : harnessing the gene and remaking the world
CAR-ES (Centre of Advanced Research on Environmental Services from Nordic Forest Ecosystems, 2011-2015) is an open network that brings together Nordic and Baltic forest researchers. The CAR-ES network aims at providing scientific knowledge on the impacts of forest management on major environmental services for decision making within the forest sector. The main environmental services addressed are: Carbon sequestration, Water quality, Biodiversity, Soil quality. CAR-ES organizes meetings, workshops and conferences and the second meeting in 2014 was held in Finland, at the premises of Metla Vantaa Unit. The meeting discussed the issues related to the main environmental services covered by CAR-ES, work on the ongoing subprojects and plannned the final conference as well as the future of the network. The workshop was attended by 30 scientists representing the Baltic and Nordic countries. The extended abstracts of the presentations are published in this paper. CAR-ES is funded by the Nordic Forest Research (SNS) as one of its Virtual Centres of Advanced Research.
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
Value-added bioproducts or renewable energy derived from lignin? : comparative regional economic and environmental impact assessment : case Metsä Group's bioproduct mill in Äänekoski
Sustainability and meanings of farm-based bioenergy production in rural Finland
This book provides an in-depth economic analysis of the challenges associated with bioenergy use and production. Drawing on New Institutional Economics and the theory of economic policy, it develops theory-based recommendations for a bioenergy policy that strives for efficiency and sustainability. Further, it shows how to deal with diverse uncertainties and constraints, such as institutional path dependencies, transaction costs, multiple and conflicting policy aims, and interacting market failures, while also applying the resulting theoretical insights to a case study analysis of Germany’s bioenergy policy. As such, the book aims to bridge the gap between practical bioenergy policymaking on the one hand, and neoclassical theory-based concepts that strictly focus on a minimization of greenhouse gas mitigation costs on the other.
The Finn family summer trip 2045 : a view to future business opportunities
Tracing activation efficiency of the bio-filtration bacteria in a recirculating aquaculture system using stable isotope analysis
Atlas of the forest sector in Poland
The potential, cost-efficiency and impacts of intensified management of Finnish forests for next 100 years were assessed using a national-level scenario analysis. This document serves as a technical description of the applied models and methods, but also includes a brief synthesis of the results. Data from the 10th Finnish National Forest Inventory was used to forecast the consequences of alternative management scenarios. Four final scenarios were constructed using MOTTI stand simulator and linear programming package J. Business-as-usual -scenario was compared to three other options that aimed either at high quality raw material, intensive management resulting both quantity and quality of timber, or at low-cost-low-output (extensive) forestry. If the intensity of forest management will remain at the current level, the growing stock will increase. Increasing amount of high quality raw material for forest industry can be produced but it necessitates also increase in annual management practices. For example, treatment areas of young stand management should be doubled compared to current areas in order to maintain or increase cutting removals of high quality wood. It is possible to increase annual removals in a sustainable manner by applying more intensive forest management that also improves profitability nearly 50%. The annual removals can be ca. 40% higher than the current level, and the annual energy wood removal can be over 10 mill m3. Despite increased removals, sustainable wood and biomass production during next 100 years can be achieved. Intensively managed forest are more efficient capturing carbon from atmosphere than extensively managed forests, but the climate impacts depend on the use of removed carbon (end-products made from the removed wood biomass).
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Effects of rotation period on biomass production and atmospheric CO2 emissions from broadleaved stands growing on abandoned farmland
Emulation of natural disturbances and the maintenance of biodiversity in managed boreal forests : the effects of prescribed fire and retention forestry on insect assemblages
Processing and assessment of spectrometric, stereoscopic imagery collected using a lightweight UAV spectral camera for precision agriculture
Biorefinery co-products : phytochemicals, primary metabolites and value-added biomass processing
Biofuels engineering process technology
In this paper, I consider biodiversity management in an economy where the conservation of land yields utility through biodiversity, firms improve their e±ciency through in-house R&D and local interest groups lobby the government over environmental policy. I compare three cases: Laissez-faire, the regulation of land use and subsidies to the conservation of land. The results are the following. Laissez-faire yields Pareto sub-optimal, but direct regulation Pareto optimal allocation of resources, with political contributions to the government. A shift from direct regulation to conservation subsidies decreases biodiversity and the growth rate.
The emergence and early development of forest resource economic thought : from land and forest valuation to marginal analysis and vintage capital models
South Ostrobothnia - smart outstanding : strategy for smart specialisation
Government report on Forest Policy 2050.
