http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25231 public affairs
public affairs
Building bridges or digging trenches? : civil society engagement after the arab spring
Business in society or business and society: the construction of business society relations in responsibility reports from a critical discursive perspective
The ant trap : rebuilding the foundations of the social sciences
Order and anarchy : civil society, social disorder and war
Alternative patterns of family life in modern societies
Trust in modern societies : the search for the bases of social order
Great expectations
Racial formation in the United States : from the 1960s to the 1990s
Censoring an Iranian love story : a novel
The Cistercians in the Middle Ages
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Great Expectations
"Here is a lucid, comprehensive PR case analysis of predominantly Korean examples. Prof. Won reveals an essential, practical formula to solving the complexity in communication strategy."--Back cover
The vegetarian : a novel
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Public relations and social theory : key figures and concepts
Mission, church and state relations in South West Africa under German rule (1884-1915)
Universities at war
Interorganizational relations : selected readings
Himalaya ; mountains of destiny
Social classes and social relations in Britain, 1850-1914
Cuba : What everyone needs to know
Museums, media and cultural theory
Interethnic affiliations and everyday demarcations of youth in Finland : empirical glances through multisited interviews and observations
Sociology : exploring the architecture of everyday life readings
Russia 2030 based on contracts
Kuhn's evolutionary social epistemology
The analysis of social classes and social relations in the second half of the nineteenth century has caused major debates among social historians. In this book, first published in 1995, Alastair Reid provides a critical summary of the different approaches to the subject, giving an account of how interpretations have developed since the 1960s, and highlighting the strengths and weaknesses of each approach. The author explains how the influence of social sciences in the 1960s led scholars to emphasise the rise to power of the bourgeoisie, and the increasing subordination of the industrial working class. Recently more detailed research has led to a return to the older historical emphasis on the persistence of aristocratic power, the increasing independence of the working classes, and the centrality of voluntary agreement in a social order based on consent. The conclusion suggests new ways in which the subject might be approached. A select bibliography allows the reader to pursue the topic in more detail.
Industrial sociology : the social relations of industry and the community
Managing public relations
Knowledge, democracy and action: Community-university research partnerships in global perspectives is based on a three-year international comparative study undertaken by the Global Alliance on Community Based Research and supported by the UNESCO Chair in Community Based Research and Social Responsibility in Higher Education. It provides evidence from twenty case studies around the world on the power and potential of community and higher education based scholars and activists working together in the co-creation of transformative knowledge. The book draws on the experience and insights of thirty-seven scholars and practitioners from the Global South and North. Opening with a theoretical overview of knowledge, democracy and action, the book is followed by analytical chapters providing lessons learned and capacity building in the north and the south, on the theory and practice of community university research partnerships, models of evaluation, approaches to measuring the impact and an agenda for future research and policy recommendations.
A social history of the English working classes 1815-1945
Global civil society 2012 : ten years of critical reflection
Docherty engages with the secular university in its present crisis, reflecting on its origins and on its role in the future of democracy. He tackles the urgent issue of inequality with a compelling denunciation of the ways of entrenched privilege; he offers a view of governance and representation from the perspective of those who are silenced; and exposes the fundamental damage done to thought by management-speak. There is a war on for the future of the university worldwide. The stakes are high, and they reach deep into our social condition. On one side are self-proclaimed modernisers who view the institution as vital to national economic success. Here the university is a servant of the national economy in the context of globalization, its driving principles of private and personal enrichment necessary conditions of 'progress' and modernity. Others see this as a radical impoverishment of the university's capacities to extend human possibilities and freedoms, to seek earnestly for social justice, and to participate in the endless need for the extension of democracy. This book analyses the former position, and argues for the necessity of taking sides with the latter. It does so with a sense of urgency, because the market fundamentalists are on the march. The fundamental war that is being fought is not just for scholars, but for a better – more democratic, more just, more emancipatory – form of life. Choose sides.
Trust : self-interest and the common good
Chinese family and society
Politics and society in ancient Greece
Friends and relatives : Finnish-Hungarian cultural relations
Communities in cyberspace
Change the world with service learning : how to organize, lead, and assess service-learning projects
The origin of the inequality of the social classes
The faces and voices of racism : collective memory and filmmaking in Bolivia in the era of politicised indigeneity
Practising public scholarship : experiences and possibilities beyond the academy
Transformations of policing
Being sociological
Public relations strategy : Korean case studies
Research methods in social network analysis
A force more powerful : a century of nonviolent conflict
A passion for society : how we think about human suffering
The transformation of political community : ethical foundations of the post-Westphalian era
Stakeholder expectations : conceptual foundations and empirical analysis
Psychiatric disability in the community : surveying the social landscape in the post-deinstitutional era
The Louisiana Purchase in 1803 doubled the size of the new United States, promising not only land but prosperity for its citizens.
Librarians as community partners : an outreach handbook
Merchant, soldier, sage : a new history of power
The sweeping changes that make a 'full world' work-involving dual processes of destruction and reconstruction-will transform global culture, agriculture, and ultimately the human race. ELEVEN is a call to consciousness. Only an 'ethical revolution' will allow us to carry forward an ever-advancing civilization. Paul Hanley proposes a transformational model that will help individuals, institutions, and communities make an eleven-billion world work for everyone-and the planet.
The year of living Danishly : uncovering the secrets of the world's happiest country
The modern Japanese military system
Trace : Finnish journal for human-animal studies
Fully updated for the third edition, Contemporary Latin America provides an accessible concise introduction to the region. Historical context, the countries and their peoples provides a backdrop to broad-ranging coverage of politics, economy, society and culture and the continent's prospects today.
Where China meets India : Burma and the new crossroads of Asia
The week : e-lehti
The Tug-of-War over Taiwan in the US: a case study of the Formosan Association for Public Affairs
Business and society : a managerial approach
Modern studies of Russian society = Sovremennye issledovaniâ rossijskogo obŝestva
Liars and outliers : enabling the trust that society needs to thrive
Contemporary Latin America
China in and beyond the headlines
The mark of the angel
Divide and rule : the roots of race relations in Malaysia
The southern dream of a Caribbean empire, 1854-1861
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
East and west in comparative education : searching for new perspectives
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Knowledge, democracy and action : community-university research partnerships in global perspectives
Interstate relations in classical Greece : morality and power
In this volume experts provide insights into critical issues of culture, economy, politics, and society in today's China. In sixteen new essays, they address such key topics as civil society, consumerism, environmental adversity, ethnic tension, the Internet, legal reform, new media and social networking, nationalist tourism, sex and popular culture, as well the costs of urban gigantism to portray the complexity of life in contemporary China-and how, increasingly, it speaks to the everyday experience of Americans.
The visiting angel
Empires, nations, and families : a new history of the North American West, 1800-1860
Alastair Reid provides a clear guide to debates about the analysis of British social classes and social relations in the second half of the nineteenth century. He distinguishes among the wealth-holding, political power, and cultural influence of the ruling class; he summarizes the recent literature on changes in skills and incomes of different groups within the working classes; and he divides the debate on social relations into distinct emphases on coercion, control and consent.
Community structure and analysis
In this book Dr Low explores the assumptions and principles which determined the conduct and representation of interstate politics in Greece during the fifth and fourth centuries BC. She employs a wide range of ancient evidence, both epigraphic and literary, as well as some contemporary theoretical approaches from the field of International Relations. Taking a thematic rather than a chronological approach, she addresses topics such as the nature of interstate society in the Greek world; the sources, scope and enforcement of 'international law'; the nature of interstate ethics and morality; interventionism and imperialism; and the question of change and stability. She argues that classical Greece's reputation for unrestrained and unsophisticated diplomacy is undeserved, and shows that relations between Greek city-states were shaped by and judged according to a complex network of customs, beliefs and expectations which pervaded all areas of interstate behaviour.
The second curve : thoughts on reinventing society
Social science : an introduction to the study of society
Global power Europe. Vol. 2, Policies, actions and influence of the EU's external relations
Forgive and forget
Alone together : why we expect more from technology and less from each other
Employment relations in industrial society
Trust lies at the heart of our relationships, our society and our everyday lives. From fascinating puzzles about the biological origins of trust, to the wider social and political implications of trust in human society, this short but thought-provoking book explores how trust works, what makes it possible, and why it matters more than ever today.
Turkey : the challenge of a new role
Archaeology in society and daily life : challenges and co-operation in the 21th century
Understanding Iran : everything you need to know, from Persia to the Islamic Republic, from Cyrus to Ahmadinejad
Studies in classical India : a collection of the articles of Prof. Dr. Raghu Vira
The child in question
Social change in Soviet Russia
Issues in Japan's China policy
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
When the doves disappeared : a novel
"What is the meaning of human suffering for society? How has this meaning changed from the past to the present? In what ways does "the problem of suffering" serve to inspire us to act with care for others? How does our response to suffering reveal the moral state of our humanity and our social condition? In this trenchant work, Arthur Kleinman--a renowned figure in medical anthropology--and Iain Wilkinson, an award-winning sociologist, team up to offer some answers to these profound questions. A Passion for Society investigates the historical development and current condition of social science with a focus on how this development has been shaped in response to problems of social suffering. Following a line of criticism offered by key social theorists and cultural commentators who themselves were unhappy with the professionalization of social science, Wilkinson and Kleinman provide a critical commentary on how studies of human social life have moved from an original concern with social suffering and its amelioration to dispassionate inquiries. The authors demonstrate how social care is revitalizing and remaking the discipline of social science, and they examine the potential for achieving social understanding though a moral commitment to the practice of care. In this deeply considered work, Wilkinson and Kleinman argue for an engaged social science that connects critical thought with social action, that seeks to learn through caregiving, and that operates with a commitment to establish and sustain humane forms of society"--Provided by publisher.
Between man and man
The city of Devi
Ethnographies of the state in Central Asia : performing politics
Brazil : the troubled rise of a global power
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised North
Resilience: an all-encompassing solution to global problems? A biopolitical analysis of resilience in the policies of EC, FEMA, UNDP, USAID, WB, and WEF
