http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25211 married couples
married couples
On the day Hannah is finally going to tell her husband she's leaving him, he has a stroke… and life changes in an instant. Tom's only 32. Now he can't walk or cut up his own food, let alone use his phone or take her in his arms. And Hannah's trapped. She knows she has to care for her husband, the very same man she was ready to walk away from. But with the time and fresh perspective he's been given, Tom re-evaluates his life, and becomes determined to save his marriage. Can he once again become the man his wife fell in love with, or has he left it too late?
The light between oceans
Getting back out there : secrets to successful dating and finding true love after the big breakup
The vow : the true events that inspired the movie
The longest journey
The unseen
The new Mrs Clifton
Story about inter-community marriage in modern India.
My husband's wife
The idea of him
The heart goes last : a novel
The hummingbird : A Novel
The bitter season
The fragile world
East Yorkshire: Single mum Alice Lake finds a man on the beach outside her house. He has no name, no jacket, no idea what he is doing there. Against her better judgement she invites him in to her home. Surrey: Twenty-one-year-old Lily Drew has only been married for three weeks. When her new husband fails to come home from work one night she is left stranded in a new country where she knows no one. Then the police tell her that her husband never existed.
Partnership in Europe : its variety, trends and dissolution : a section of a work in progress
Behold the dreamers : a novel
The two week wait
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
The dark road
The heart goes last
Crawl to me
The course of love : a novel
The fire child
The chapter discusses the comprehension of subjective experiences through letters in historical research.
Mean streak
Linguistic survival strategies in Geoffrey Chaucer's Clerk's tale, William Shakespeare's Othello and Elizabeth Cary's The tragedy of Mariam
2 states : the story of my marriage
This is the funny, sexy, and provocative memoir of one woman's journey to find sexual fulfillment and create a new family model that includes herself, her lover, her husband and his lover, and their kids. In a world where women often feel pressured to be everything to everyone, Gracie X courageously strives to have it all. From dabbling in polyamory to adopting an open marriage, X eventually discovers how to have the family she wants, the love she needs, and the sexual freedom she has been craving. At once revealing, poignant, and controversial, Gracie shines light on life outside the traditional marriage box one woman blended love, sex and marriage in unconventional ways and found the fulfillment she was looking for.
I found you
The things we know now
The boy on the porch
The narrative self : letters and experience in historical research
The Wiley-Blackwell Handbook of Couples and Family Relationships presents original articles from leading experts that link research, policy, and practice together to reflect the most current knowledge of contemporary relationships. Offers interesting new perspectives on a range of relationship issues facing twenty-first century Western society Helps those who work with couples and families facing with relationship issues Includes practical suggestions for dealing with relationship problems Explores diverse issues, including family structure versus functioning; attachment theory; divorce and family breakdown; communication and conflict; self regulation, partner regulation, and behavior change; care-giving and parenting; relationship education; and therapy and policy implications.
The Rosie project : a novel
Families, separation and emotional coping in war bridging letters between home and front, 1941-44
Post-romantic stress disorder : what to do when the honeymoon is over : new discoveries about lust, love, and saving your marriage before it's too late
Wide open : my adventures in polyamory, open marriage, and loving on my own terms
A tale of two families
Swinging with the Finkels : parit vaihtoon
August : Osage County
Sex tape
Establishing Vietnamese coffee shop in Finland within spousal-preneurship
Dan and Sam : a graphic novel by
The broken bubble
Into the darkest corner
Special exits : a graphic memoir
Gone astray
Behind closed doors
Narrowboat nomads : living the dream on the English waterways
Disconnect
The 5 love languages : the secret to love that lasts
While we're young
Going too far
When Rachel marries dark, handsome David, everything seems to fall into place. Swept from single parenthood to the beautiful Carnhallow House in Cornwall, she gains wealth, love, and even a new brother for her daughter, Millie. But then her stepson Jamie makes a chilling prediction, and Rachel's perfect life begins to unravel. Haunted by the spectre of David's late wife - Jamie's real mother - Rachel finds herself drawn to the deserted mines where she plunged to her death, three years prior. As Rachel starts digging into the past, she begins to grow suspicious of her husband. Why is he so reluctant to discuss Jamie's behaviour? And what exactly happened to cause his ex-wife's untimely suicide? With December looming, Rachel begins to fear there might be truth in Jamie's words: 'You will die at Christmas'
The quickening
Illusion town
"The best thing is laughing at our differences" : intercultural couples' views on their relationship and its effects on the construction of identities
The unwitting
Eyes wide shut
Worth
Wish you were here
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of couples and family relationships
Allocation of time within the family when the time spent together matters
Dinner at mine
Among the ten thousand things
Etta and Otto and Russell and James
Pieces of you
Notebooks of the young wife
My everything
Cold Spring Harbor
Loving a lost lord
As the Second World War draws to a close, Gus Clifton, feared lost in Germany, surprises his sisters at their family home. But an even greater shock is Krista - the German wife whom he has married secretly in Berlin. Gus's sisters can only see the enemy their brother has brought under their roof. And their friend Nella, Gus's beautiful, loyal fiancee, cannot understand what made Gus change his mind about their marriage. What hold does Krista have over their honourable and upright Gus? And how can the three women get her out of their home, their future, their England?
The kindness
How to catch a prince
The sea on our skin
The snow child
Good people
