http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2522 mapping
mapping plotting
Where on earth are we? : using the sky for mapping the Nordic countries 1500 - 2000
Maps and the Internet
Geoenvironmental mapping : methods, theory and practice
Emissions, transport, deposition and effects of base cations in relation to acidification : report from the UNECE LRTAP workshop in Gothenburg November 2003
Second International Workshop on Circumpolar Vegetation Classification and Mapping Tromsø, Norway, 2-6 June, 2004 : agenda, participants, and abstracts
Remote sensing techniques for forest parameter assessment : multispectral classification and linear spectral mixture analysis
The use of ArcPad and ArcGIS in forest management
Remote sensing and geographic information system for natural resource management
Map generalization in the Nordic countries
Atlas of human brain connections
The Map Reader : Theories of Mapping Practice and Cartographic Representation
Geographic information systems, remote sensing and mapping for the development and management of marine aquaculture
Finnish government official's perception of their language skills 1993-1994. Anni Walder
Close range photogrammetry : principles, techniques and applications
Genome analyses : a molecular approach to investigation of basic animal genetics
Quantitative trait loci for egg quality and production in laying hens
Empirical studies on multiangular, hyperspectral, and polarimetric reflectance of natural surfaces
Appraisal of seedling stand vegetation with airborne imagery and discrete-return LiDAR : an exploratory analysis
GIS for dummies
On the map : why the world looks the way it does
Practical handbook of digital mapping : terms and concepts
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Chorological problems in the European flora : VIII meeting of the Committee for Mapping the Flora of Europe, August 8-10, 1997, University of Helsinki, Finland : programme & list of participants
Mires on the map of Russia
Mapping the Rickettsia prowazekii genome
Mapping groundwater quality in the Netherlands
Airborne electromagnetic mapping of ice thickness in the Baltic Sea
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
A magnificent history of the gene and a response to the defining question of the future: What becomes of being human when we learn to "read" and "write" our own genetic information? Siddhartha Mukherjee has a written a biography of the gene as deft, brilliant, and illuminating as his extraordinarily successful biography of cancer. Weaving science, social history, and personal narrative to tell us the story of one of the most important conceptual breakthroughs of modern times, Mukherjee animates the quest to understand human heredity and its surprising influence on our lives, personalities, identities, fates, and choices.
The application of a spatial regression model to the analysis and mapping of poverty
Crown envelope shape measurements and models
Kephallénia : Archaeology and history : the ancient Greek cities, Vol. 1
Mapping the world : the story of cartography
Surfer 7 : Userś guide. Counting and 3D surface mapping for scientists and engineers
Chemical characteristics of Finnish bedrock : 1:1 000 000 scale bedrock map units
Zonation : spatial conservation planning methods and software : version 4 : user manual
The human genome project : deciphering the blueprint of heredity
Thematische Kartierungen in den Geowissenschaften : Leopoldina-Meeting vom 25. bis 27 Mai 2006 in Budapest = Thematic Mapping in Geosciences
The deposition of base cations in the Nordic countries
Lectures on quasiconformal and quasisymmetric mappings
Vegetation ecology
Introduction to remote sensing
Impossible heights : skyscrapers, flight, and the master builder
Functional autoradiography as a pharmacological approach for studying G protein-coupled lipid receptor signalling
Forested wetlands classification and mapping : a literature review
Physical mapping of important trait loci in the pig
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. 112, Suomen kartoitus
Ground and air survey for field scientists
Environmental impact assessment methodologies
Inverse problems in stellar occultation
Map construction algorithms
Modern hydrology and sustainable water development
Remote sensing for three-dimensional modelling of hydromorphology
Use of airborne laser scanner data in demanding forest conditions
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
The utilization of GPS in orienteering mapping in urban Helsinki and rural Kenya
A geospatial approach to assessing the synergies of agriculture-based poverty alleviation programmes : ADRA's programme in the Ga West district of Ghana
Living proof : the essential data-collection guide for indigenous use -and-occupancy map surveys
Business process mapping workbook : improving customer satisfaction
Assessing the land cover and land use change and its impact on watershed services in a tropical Andean watershed of Peru
A study of some aspects concerning georeferencing with the global positioning system
An adjustable 3D brain atlas for quantitative analysis of neuroimaging data : algorithmical and methodological aspects
Forest cover and its change in Unguja Island, Zanzibar
Circum Boreal Vegetation Mapping Workshop, November 3-6, 2008, Helsinki - Finland
Britannia : or, a chorographical description of Great Britain and Ireland, together with the adjacent islands
5th International Atmospheric Limb Conference and Workshop : book of abstracts
Assessment of the value of woodland landscape function to local communities in Gorongosa and Muanza Districts, Sofala Province, Mozambique
Map generalization : making rules for knowledge representation
Individual tree measurements by means of digital aerial photogrammetry
The makers of the blueback charts : a history of Imray Laurie Norie & Wilson Ltd
Tree species classification with multiple source remote sensing data
Signal theory methods in multispectral remote sensing
Decision-making in land-use and conservation planning requires relevant and good quality information over wide areas, collected in a cost-efficient manner. This study focuses on the use of medium-resolution satellite imagery in landscape level studies of habitat pattern, particularly in fragmented agricultural landscapes. We analysed the suitability of multi-temporal Landsat TM images in habitat mapping, in particular for the discrimination of semi-natural grasslands. The results showed that even patchy agricultural mosaics can be coarsely mapped with Landsat TM and that the use of multi-temporal imagery notably improves the classification results. The best classification result (total accuracy 89%) was achieved with early spring, midsummer and late summer images combined. The classification accuracy for semi-natural grasslands was relatively low overall (63%), but over 90% of large (&gt; 1 ha) patches were discriminated. Furthermore, we compared a set of landscape composition and structure indices calculated from 1) a Landsat TM -based habitat classification (25 m resolution) and 2) a habitat map derived from aerial photographs (2 m resolution). The compositional indices, diversity index and patch sizes gave similar results on both scales. Finally, the habitat pattern of the study area was described using the calculated compositional, structural and environmental indices, and three main landscape types were identified.
Historical maps of Europe
Estimating forest growth and carbon balance based on climate-sensitive forest growth model and remote sensing data
Identification of genes controlling milk production in dairy cattle
Genome analysis of quantitative trait loci in the pig
Global mapping of human settlement: experiences, datasets and prospects
Conservation planning : shaping the future
Forest inventory-based large-scale forest biomass and carbon budget assessment : new enhanced methods and use of remote sensing for verification
Landsat TM images in mapping of semi-natural grasslands and analysing of habitat pattern in an agricultural landscape in south-west Finland
Forest structure indicators based on tree size inequality and their relationships to airborne laser scanning
GIS : tutorial for health
This article presents the results of the Finnish multi-source forest inventory corresponding to year 2011. For these products, the method uses satellite images from years 2009-2012, digital map data, and field data. The main purpose of the article is to make multi-source forest inventory results available for the foresters, and all the readers interested in forests and forest environment. The field data originates from the 10th Finnish National Forest Inventory from years 2007 and 2008, and from the 11th Finnish National Forest Inventory from years 2009 to 2011. The field data has been computationally updated to the date 31 July, 2011. The basic features of the employed improved k-NN, ik-NN, method are described. The results are presented by the regions of the Public Service unit (regions) of the Finnish Forest Centre and within the regions by municipalities, the boundaries as on 1.1.2011. The estimates are given, for example, for land areas, areas of tree species dominance, age, and development classes and often separately for forests available for wood supply. The mean volume and total volume estimates are given in many different ways: mean volumes by tree species and by timber assortments for forest land, and combined forest land and poorly productive forest land and also for forests available for wood supply, as well as by age and development classes. The biomass estimates are given, in addition to the total biomass estimates, by tree species groups in young thinning stands in which first commercial thinning was proposed for the first 5-year period, separately for stem and bark and branches and foliage. The biomass estimates of mature forests are presented separately for branches, foliage and stem residuals, and stumps and large roots by tree species groups. These biomass estimates are given separately for land available for wood supply. All presented results can be employed in calculating forest resource estimates also for regions larger than municipalities. The error sources for the estimates as well as the reliability of the estimates are briefly discussed in Section 3.4.4 and Chapter 5.
GIS for environmental monitoring
Adapting National Forest Inventories to changing requirements - the case of the Swedish National Forest Inventory at the turn of the 20th century
Ecological mapping from ground, air and space : proceedings of a symposium held at Monks Wood Experimental Station 25-27 November 1981
The power of maps
Remote sensing of leaf area index : enhanced retrieval from close-range and remotely sensed optical observations
Nordisk kvantif : Joint Nordic Project Community Benefit of Digital Spatial Information. Final report : conclusions and recommendations
Mapping forest plots : an efficient method combining photogrammetry and field triangulation
Deep maps and spatial narratives
The multi-source national forest inventory of Finland : methods and results 2007
Geophysical data in archaeology : a guide to good practice
Siam mapped : a history of the geo-body of a nation
Map projections
The multi-source national forest inventory of Finland : methods and results 2011
Plant and vegetation mapping
Guide to the check sheet for IBP areas
Choosing a method for poverty mapping
Recent developments in sequencing methods have enabled whole genome sequencing of several species and the available sequence information has allowed the development of high throughput genotyping chips. However, these genotyping methods require high quality DNA. The possibility to genotype samples based on DNA from non-invasive sources would permit retrospective genotyping of previously collected samples and also facilitate the analysis of large populations e.g. for genomic selection. In this study we have developed and evaluated different DNA preparation methods from porcine hair root follicles for high throughput genotyping with the PorcineSNP60 Genotyping BeadChip (Illumina). We describe a method for DNA extraction from porcine hair root samples, which produces results from high throughput genotyping with the same high degree of accuracy as previously reported for DNA extracted from sperm, blood or tissue samples. This method was used for the genotyping of 273 hair follicle samples. When the DNA concentration was > 30 ng/µl all samples had the same high call rate ( > 99%) as sperm samples confirming the robustness of this DNA extraction method for high throughput genotyping. Our data also establishes the suitability of the PorcineSNP60 BeadChip for genotyping the Finnish Landrace population.
A soil study at Wondo Genet Forestry Resources Institute, Ethiopia. 1, A reconnaissance soil survey
Discovering knowledge in various applications with a novel hyperspectral imager
Customer need mapping for an on-line optical particle analyser in the mineral processing industry
Standardizing land cover mapping for tsetse and trypanosomiasis decision making
1st European Congress on Regional Geological Cartography and Information Systems : Geological cartography and information systems for land and environmental planning in European Regions. 1, Proceedings
Comparative genome analysis in the horse
Evaluating canopy spectral invariants derived from imaging spectroscopy data : a case study on southern boreal forests
A protocol for assessing thematic map accuracy using small-area sampling
The Photogrammetric Journal of Finland
FinCOSPAR 2013 : abstracts 29-30th August, Vantaa, Finland
Functional muscle representations in cerebral cortex and use-dependent plasticity in motor cortices
The multi-source national forest inventory of Finland : methods and results 2013
Map projections : theory and applications
Estimation of unknown node positions of a localization network with a multi-robot system
Using airborne laser scanning data and digital aerial photographs to estimate growing stock by tree species
Insects and the rain forests of South East Asia (Wallacea)
GIS for health organizations
Rethinking the power of maps
Predictive data-driven modeling approaches in environmental management decision-making
This is a basic guide to good practice in the creation, methodology, use and storage of geophysical data for archaeologists who increasingly use sophisticated methods for collecting and interpreting information.
Mapping of growing stock and stand delineation for tropical forests using remote sensing
Maps and air photographs : images of the earth
On the edge : mapping North America's coasts
The gene : an intimate history
Comparison of different DNA extraction methods from hair root follicles to genotype Finnish Landrace boars with the Illumina PorcineSNP60 BeadChip
Forestry in the Seychelles
Making maps : a visual guide to map design for GIS
Practice of marine cartography and the Russian representation of the Baltic Sea in the eighteenth century
Satellite remote sensing forest atlas of Europe
Great maps
Reduced simple ratio better than NDVI for estimating LAI in Finnish pine and spruce stands
Chorological problems in the European flora : VIII meeting of the Committee for Mapping the Flora of Europe, August 8-10, 1997, University of Helsinki, Finland : abstracts
Land Cover Classification System : classification concepts and user manual : software version 2
Kioto+ mission : global and accurate monitoring of forest, land cover and carbon
Pohjarakennekartta = Grundläggningskarta : Map of building foundations
Genetic consequences of directional selection in <em>Arabidopsis lyrata</em>
Applying geographical information systems in implementing the water framework directive : case study: the Paimionjoki river drainage basin
Geomorphological mapping : methods and applications
Product development : drivers, stakeholders, and customer representation during early development
Google Earth for dummies
Elements of spatial data quality
Weeds in spring cereal fields in Finland - a third survey
State of the art report on global and regional soil information : where are we? where to go?
Studying habitat use and behavior of moose (Alces alces) by integrating airborne laser scanning and GPS tracking
Along-scan radiometric gradient in Landsat images : understanding the relation between floristic and remote sensing information in tropical forests
Molecular genetics of chicken egg quality
Recent advances in remote sensing and geoinformation processing for land degradation assessment
Proceedings of the Second Circumpolar Arctic Vegetation Mapping Workshop, Arendal, Norway, 19-24 May 1996 and The CAVM-North America Workshop, Anchorage, Alaska, US, 14-16 January 1997
A manual on urban trees
Community mapping handbook : a guide to making your own maps of communities and traditional lands
Cartographic relief presentation
Mapping the Ottomans : sovereignty, territory, and identity in the early modern Mediterranean
Estimation of boreal forest canopy cover with ground measurements, statistical models and remote sensing
GIS introduction
Wild vascular plants of the sea fortress of Suomenlinna in 1918-1996. In: Botanical trip to the sea fortress of Suomenlinna, VIII meeting of the Committee for Mapping the Flora of Europe "Chorological problems in the European flora"
English language needs and language proficiency of academic professionals as a basis for developing language training : a case study of environmental researchers
Estonian mires : inventory of habitats : publication of the project "Estonian mires inventory completion for maintaining biodiversity"
Updating topographic maps by using multisource data and knowledge-based interpretation
Remote Sensing of Medium Voltage Grid: Case Elenia
Lidar measurements of polar stratospheric clouds
Modelling ecological values in heterogenous and dynamic landscapes with geospatial data
Water quality estimation by optical remote sensing in boreal lakes
Mapping cultures : place, practice, performance
Reconstruction and inundation estimation of glacial outburst floods: a combined approach of earth observation data, GIS and hydraulic modelling
National atlas of Sweden. Maps and mapping
Three dimensional applications in geographical information systems
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. Täydennysliite 112 (1986), Suomen kartoitus
Agricultural soils in Northern Europe : a geochemical atlas
Handbook of vegetation science. 10, Vegetation mapping
Botanical excursion in southern Finland august 11-13, 1997 : excursion guide
GPS-supported aerial triangulation in theory and practice
Mapping wilderness : concepts, techniques and applications
Forest act habitats : Finnish woodland key habitats amid the intensive forestry
Satellite geodesy : foundations, methods, and applications
Congress Kokkola: The research of Facilities and Additional Services in the Town of Kokkola and its Surroundings
Advances in mobile mapping technology
Circumpolar Arctic vegetation 1:7,500,000.. Map No. 1
Cosmic imagery : key images in the history of science
Remote sensing of snow-cover for the boreal forest zone using microwave radar
SWAN Lyman alpha imager cometary hydrogen coma observations
Quality criteria for scientific futures research
We investigated if coarse-resolution satellite data from the MODIS sensor can be used for regional monitoring of insect disturbances in Fennoscandia. A damage detection method based on z-scores of seasonal maximums of the 2-band Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI2) was developed. Time-series smoothing was applied and Receiver Operating Characteristics graphs were used for optimisation. The method was developed in fragmented and heavily managed forests in eastern Finland dominated by Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) (pinaceae) and with defoliation of European pine sawfly (Neodiprion sertifer Geoffr.) (Hymenoptera: Diprionidae) and common pine sawfly (Diprion pini L.) (Hymenoptera: Diprionidae). The method was also applied to subalpine mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. Czerepanovii N.I. Orlova) forests in northern Sweden, infested by autumnal moth (Epirrita autumnata Borkhausen) and winter moth (Operophtera brumata L.). In Finland, detection accuracies were fairly low with 50% of the damaged stands detected, and a misclassification of healthy stands of 22%. In areas with long outbreak histories the method resulted in extensive misclassification. In northern Sweden accuracies were higher, with 75% of the damage detected and a misclassification of healthy samples of 19%. Our results indicate that MODIS data may fail to detect damage in fragmented forests, particularly when the damage history is long. Therefore, regional studies based on these data may underestimate defoliation. However, the method yielded accurate results in homogeneous forest ecosystems and when long-enough periods without damage could be identified. Furthermore, the method is likely to be useful for insect disturbance detection using future medium-resolution data, e.g. from Sentinel‑2..
Getting started with geographic information systems
Geochemical atlas of Swedish forest soils
Atlas of high conservation value areas, and analysis of gaps and representativeness of the protected area network in northwest Russia : Arkhangelsk, Vologda, Leningrad, and Murmansk Regions, Republic of Karelia, and City of St. Petersburg
The human genome project in college curriculum : ethical issues and practical strategies
Merikartoitus pintaa syvemmältä = En titt under ytan = Deeper than the surface
Bayesian disease mapping : hierarchical modeling in spatial epidemiology
GIS' 87 - San Francisco : "... into the hands of the decision maker" : second annual international conference, exhibits and workshops on geographic information systems, Hotel Nikko San Francisco, CA Oct. 26-30, 1987. Vol. 1
"Simple paradigms of Muslim-Christian confrontation and the rise of Europe in the seventeenth century do not suffice to explain the ways in which European mapping envisioned the "Turks" in image and narrative. Rather, maps, travel accounts, compendia of knowledge, and other texts created a picture of the Ottoman Empire through a complex layering of history, ethnography, and eyewitness testimony, which juxtaposed current events to classical and biblical history; counted space in terms of peoples, routes, and fortresses; and used the land and seascapes of the map to assert ownership, declare victory, and embody imperial power's reach. Enriched throughout by examples of Ottoman self-mapping, this book examines how Ottomans and their empire were mapped in the narrative and visual imagination of early modern Europe's Christian kingdoms. The maps serve as centerpieces for discussions of early modern space, time, borders, stages of travel, information flows, invocations of authority, and cross-cultural relations"--
Landscape ecology and geographic information systems
Mapping biophysical factors that influence agricultural production and rural vulnerability
Mapping crime: principle and practice. Keith Harries
Finnish Remote Sensing Days 2012 : Book of Abstracts
Predicting tree structure from tree height using terrestrial laser scanning and quantitative structure models
Desktop watershed characterization : methods for British Columbia
Spatial modeling techniques for mapping and characterization of acid sulfate soils
Statistical analysis and modelling of spatial point patterns
A study on cadastral surveying methods and cadastral map in the context of developing countries
Aerial photography and image interpretation
BEPERS (Bothnian Experiment in Preparation for ERS-1) : pilot study : data report
Beyond the comparative : advancing theory and its application to practice
Map use and analysis
Handbook on geographic information systems and digital mapping
The shore types of Lake Kariba, Zimbabwe : a case study using LANDSAT MSS : report from a minor field study
GIS assessing traditional and modern agricultural land use/land cover change : a case study 1959-2005: Rekijoki, Somero, SW-Finland
Potential of kite aerial photography for peatland investigations with examples from Estonia = leijailmakuvausmenetelmän käyttömahdollisuudet soiden kartoituksessa - esimerkkejä Viron soilta
Mathematical and statistical aspects of DNA and protein sequence analysis : a discussion
Improving multi-source forest inventory by weighting auxiliary data sources
Stakeholder Management Theory in Practice : The Case of UPM-Kymmene Oyj
Image analysis with environmental applications
"This book examines how the Ottomans and their empire were mapped in the narrative and visual imagination of the Christian kingdoms of early modern Europe. Simple paradigms of Muslim-Christian confrontation and the 'rise' of Europe in the seventeenth century do not suffice to explain the ways in which European mapping envisioned the "Turks" in image and narrative. Rather, maps, travel accounts, compendia of knowledge, and other texts created a picture of the Ottoman empire through a complex layering of history, ethnography, and eyewitness testimony which juxtaposed current events to classical and Biblical history; counted space in terms of peoples, routes, and fortresses; and used the land and seascapes of the map to assert ownership, declare victory, and embody the reach of imperial power. Maps here serve as centerpieces for a discussion of early modern space, time, borders, stages of travel, information flows, invocations of authority, and cross-cultural relations. The book is enriched throughout by examples of Ottoman self-mapping"--
Mapping of mires in Switzerland - starting point and results
Spatial and spectral separability of grasslands in the inner Turku archipelago using landsat thematic mapper satellite imagery
Check-list and distribution maps of Norwegian hoverflies, with description of Platycheirus laskai nov. sp. (Diptera, Syrphidae)
Geographic information for forestry planning
Suomen kartasto = Atlas of Finland. Appendix 111 (1993), Introduction
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. [1], [Fyysinen ympäristö]
Terra cognita : maailma tulee tunnetuksi = kännedomen om världen ökar = discovering the world
The Multi-source National Forest Inventory of Finland : methods and results 2009
Kephallénia : Archaeology and history : the ancient Greek cities, Vol. 2
A first assessment of the Ticolichen biodiversity inventory in Costa Rica: The genus Graphis, with notes on the genus Hemithecium (Ascomycota: Ostropales: Graphidaceae)
A how-to manual for designing and collecting data for a map project based on a land use-and-occupancy method called the map biography.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Human brain mapping using structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging and transcranial magnetic stimulation
Developing and comparing methods for mapping habitat types and conservation values using remote sensing data and GIS methods
What makes segmentation good? A case study in boreal forest habitat mapping
Hyperspectral data exploitation : theory and applications
Sound underwater images : a guide to the generation and interpretation of side scan sonar data
Google Earth Outreach And Activism
Local occupational health and safety profiles and indicators : proceedings of an International Follow-up Workshop : 22-23 November 2002, Helsinki, Finland
Requirement specification of reporting based on ITIL
Remote sensing of arctic environments
Improving flood forecasting using multi-source remote sensing data : report of the Floodfore project
Development of a method for monitoring of insect induced forest defoliation - limitation of MODIS data in Fennoscandian forest landscapes
Guidlines for mitigating the adverse effects of acid soils in Finland until 2020.
Elementary surveying : an introduction to geomatics
Image segmentation in multi-source forest inventory
