http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25268 traumatisation
traumatisation
The haunted self : structural dissociation and the treatment of chronic traumatization
The red room : stories of trauma in contemporary Korea
Play therapy with children and adolescents in crisis
The body keeps the score : mind, brain and body in the transformation of trauma
Religion and science as forms of life : anthropological insights into reason and unreason
This accessible and dynamic collection of essays explores some new possibilities for understanding postcolonial traumas. It examines representations of both personal and collective traumas around the globe from Palestinian, Caribbean, African American, South African, Maltese, Algerian, Indian, Australian and British writers, directors and artists. Contributors investigate a range of genres and types of representation, including the novel, short story, television and stage drama, graphic novel, film and fictionalised memoir. As a collection, these essays necessarily share some important concerns regarding past, current and even future traumas facing the postcolonial world, but they also recognise the diversity of traumatic experiences, and authors are attentive to the specifics of location, historical and cultural contexts.
No man's land : combat and identity in world war I
Thank you for your service
The book discusses how trauma presented in the media spills over national boundaries and can be found in images across divergent cultures in Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe and America.
The compassion fatigue workbook : creative tools for transforming compassion fatigue and vicarious traumatization
The untouched key : tracing childhood trauma in creativity and destructiveness
September 11. . . Virginia Tech . . . Columbine . . . Hurricane Katrina . . . Traumatic events with long lasting consequences. Lives are upended, safety is threatened, and all are forced to find a way to adapt to a new normal. Educators in schools where students have experienced trauma face difficult challenges, for how are they to promote academic growth and attainment of educational goals in such a situation? Reclaiming School in the Aftermath of Trauma offers wisdom born of experience as well as insights acquired through years of study. Authors contributing to this text share their experiences in the aftermath of tragedy and describe helpful approaches for reclaiming school after trauma interrupts the lives of students, faculty, and school communities.
Dissociation in traumatized children and adolescents : theory and clinical interventions
The juridical unconscious : trials and traumas in the twentieth century
The impact of reporting traumatic events on journalists and photojournalists- : a training program for students of journalism
Reclaiming school in the aftermath of trauma : advice based on experience
A book for gay and bisexual people on how to build happy, secure lives and relationships, and a call-to-arms for society to protect and nurture young people, regardless of their sexual orientation. Written by Matthew Todd, editor of the UK's biggest-selling gay magazine, Straight Jacket is a revolutionary guide for gay men which began life as an article in Attitude magazine.
Trauma and cinema : cross-cultural explorations
Supporting and educating traumatized students : a guide for school-based professionals
Help for the helper : the psychophysiology of compassion fatigue and vicarious trauma
The trauma of everyday life
"This book aims to provide professionals and clinicians-in-training with the latest forms of treatment for children and adolescents who have been impacted by crises and trauma. The various treatment options presented here include approaches that focus on the individual as well as many that include a parent in conjoint or filial therapy, and others that employ a family treatment model. Many chapters in this book demonstrate the use of a variety of creative methods with young people who have suffered traumatic experiences such as sexual abuse, bullying, immigration, natural disasters, and witnessing violence"--
Straight jacket : how to be gay and happy
Into the darkest corner
When a community weeps : case studies in group survivorship
Trauma : a social theory
Children and violence : nature, consequences and interventions
Clinical work with traumatized young children
Victims of bullying
International Handbook of Multigenerational Legacies of Trauma
Ghost child
