http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25286 stone industry
stone industry
Study of the European Communities' re-adaptation aids in the coal and steel industries
From blood diamonds to the Kimberley Process : how NGOs cleaned up the global diamond industry
At the crest of foam forming (English summary)
Gold jewelry from Tibet and Nepal
The history of the stone and mineral industry in Finland
Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries : report on the 1984 survey, position as at 1 Janury 1984
Schmuck = Jewellery 1840-1940 : highlights Schmuckmuseum Pforzheim
The world of jewel stones
Focus on Finnish art : air, water, earth : the Azabu museum of arts and crafts, 18.11. - 25.12.1994 : Takaoka art museum, 20.1. - 19.2.1995 : Nagano prefectual Shinano art museum, 25.2. - 26.3.1995 : Fukuyama museum of art, 31.3. - 23.4.1995 : Daimaru Osa
Decision supporting system for selection of alloys in jewelry industry
7000 years of jewellery
Belle Epoque of French jewellery 1850-1910 : Jewellery making in Paris 1850-1910
Calcium carbonate : from the Cretaceous period into the 21st century
The Utilization of Leftover Sones from Mines and Quarries in North Savo region
World stone industry : report
The art of erotic jewellery
Family business, faucet company, industrial owner : Oras 1945-2015
Nordic stone
"Diamonds brings together for the first time all aspects of the diamond industry. In it, Ian Smillie, former UN Security Council investigator and leading figure in the blood diamonds campaign, offers a comprehensive analysis of the history and structure of today's diamond trade, the struggle for effective regulation, and the challenges ahead. There is, he argues, greater diversification and competition than ever before, but, thanks to changed attitudes and greater transparency, this coveted and prestigious gem now represents a fragile but renewed opportunity for development in some of the world's poorest nations. This part of the diamond story has rarely been told." -- back cover
Organizational choice : capabilities of groups at the coal face under changing technologies : the loss, re-discovery & transformation of a work tradition
Stephen Biesty's incredible cross-sections
Contemporary jewellery : The Padua school = Gioielleria contemporanea: La Scuola di Padova
Industrial minerals & rocks : commodities, markets, and uses
The Uusikaupunki granite : a corner stone in the Finnish national romantic architecture of the early 20th century
The Hanko granite : a foundation stone for the Finnish stone industry
Brooching it diplomatically : a tribute to Madeleine K. Albright
The complete potter's handbook
International crafts
The Encyclopedia of jewellery techniques
Strategies for small-scale mining and mineral industries : report of a regional workshop held at Mombasa, Kenya, April 14-25, 1980
The iron crown and imperial Europe : vol. 2 : in search of the original artefact : plates / general editor: Graziella Buccellati ; English editor: Holly Snapp ... [et al.]
A history of America's bloody coal industry
Jewelry concepts and technology
7000 years of jewelry
Encyclopedia of world dress and fashion. Vol .8. West Europe
The art of Fabergé
Tributors, supporters and merchant capital : mining and underdevelopment in Sierra Leone
The iron crown and imperial Europe : vol. 2 : in search of the original artefact : part 2 : science / essays by Augusto Calder ; general editor: Graziella Buccellati ; English editor: Holly Snapp ... [et al.]
The new jewelry : contemporary materials & techniques
The Vehmaa rapakivi granite batholith in southwestern Finland : the production area for Balmoral Red granites
GTK Consortium Geological Surveys in Mozambique 2002-2007
Diamonds
From a modern power plant to a factory of culture : meanings and values at the Hanasaari A power plant as an object of industrial heritage in Helsinki 1957-2007
Made to wear : creativity in contemporary jewellery
Ten thousand years of pottery
From a modern power plant to a factory of culture : Hanasaari A as an object of industrial heritage in Helsinki 1957-2007
Ceramic extruding : inspiration & technique
Underlands :  a journey through Britain's lost landscape
Assessment of Kisii stone deposits Got Chaki and Tabaka areas, Kenya
Miller's twentieth-century ceramics  : a collector's guide to British and North America factory-produced ceramics
Jewels from Imperial St. Petersburg
Industrial minerals and rocks : northern Fennoscandia
The iron crown and imperial Europe : vol. 2 : in search of the original artefact : part 1 : art and cult / essays by Annamari Ambrosioni ... [et al.] ; general editor: Graziella Buccellati ; English editor: Holly Snapp ... [et al.]
The ring : design, past and present
Carl Fabergé : goldsmitn to the imperial court of Russia / A. Kenneth Snowman
The arts of Asia : materials, techniques, styles
Arts and crafts of India
The case of Namibia's diamonds
European ceramic art from the end of the middle ages to about 1815 : a dictionary of factories, artists, technical terms, et cetera
Consuming the Congo : war and conflict minerals in the world's deadliest place
Industrial and process furnaces : principles, design and operation
The Mining Museum
The iron crown and imperial Europe : vol. 1 : the crown, the kingdom and the empire : a thousand years of history / essays by Annamari Ambrosioni ... [et al.] ; general editor: Graziella Buccellati ; English editor: Holly Snapp ... [et al.]
Proceedings of the Symposium on the Granites of West Africa, Ivory Coast, Nigeria, Cameroon, March 1965.
Jewellery : design sourcebook
Industry attitudes to steam cycle clean coal technologies : survey of current status
Out of the ashes? : the social impact of industrial contraction and regeneration on Britain's mining communities
The development potential of dimension stone
Otto : Taiteilijat O, esittäytyminen : Vantaan taidemuseo, Suomi  = Konstnärerna O, en presentation : Vanda konstmuseum, Finland  = Artists O, presentation :  Vantaa Art Museum, Finland, 19.9.2008-31.1.2009 / luettelon toimitus = katalogredaktion = catalogue edited by Petri Kaverma, Leenakaisu Hattunen, Anne Kaarna ... [et al.] ; taiteilijatekstit = texter om konstnärerna = told by the artists: Jonni Roos
Degradation of materials and the Swedish heritage 1992-1995 : a report from the Air Pollution and Heritage Programme
Masters of arts 2006 : näyttely = exhibition [10.-28.5.2006] / [tuottaja Tuuli Sotamaa ; kuraattori Tomas Ivan Träskman]
Places of power : the aesthetics of technology
Geotechnical report
