http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25205 sport-specific skills
sport-specific skills
Tom Yamada seems like any 15-year-old but he's actually a supreme martial artist, training to face a terrifying challenge when he turns 30. It's his destiny to fight the 5 Lords of Pain - demons who have been trying to break into our world for centuries. But something's gone wrong. Tom must face the 5 Lords now - and no way is he ready. If he loses, a new Dark Age will begin.
Analysis and comparison of three different classic cross country skiing sprint start styles
The Lord of Tears
The happy hedgehog
Skillful rowing
The Lord of the Typhoon
When the body becomes all eyes : paradigms, discourses and practices of power in kalarippayattu, a South Indian martial art
Winning jumps and pole vault
Traversing walls : 68 activities on and off the wall
Biomechanics of fly casting : effects of different rod types and different skill level fly fishermen
Judo : from white/yellow belt to brown belt
Tom's survived his duel with the Lord of the Mountain. Now he must face the Lord of the Void - the king of darkness, with a heart as black as his armor. Will Tom manage to defeat this Lord?
The player development process among young Finnish soccer players : multidimensional approach
Coaching wrestling successfully
Type : a visual history of typefaces and graphic styles. vol. 1, 1628-1900
Swordfighting : for writers, game designers and martial artists
In Saint George's name : an anthology of medieval German fighting arts
Mountaineering : the freedom of the hills
Essential ultimate : teaching, coaching, playing
NINJA : THE TRUE STORY OF JAPAN`S SECRET WARRIOR CULT
Motor learning in practice : a constraints-led approach
Counterpunch : making type in the sixteenth century, designing typefaces now
Publishing for the masses : early modern witchcraft pamphlets
Field hockey techniques & tactics
Developing swimmers
Three down: Two to go! Tom must face The Lord of the Typhoon - the winged monster that killed his father. Can Tom get his revenge?
Genre, text, grammar : technologies for teaching and assessing writing
Encyclopaedia of type faces
The martial arts of Renaissance Europe
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Teaching middle school physical education : a standards-based approach for grades 5-8
T'ai chi step by step : a fully illustrated teaching plan, shown in over 250 photographs
The last airbender
Curling for dummies
The Lord of the Mountain
Type & typography : highlights from Matrix, the review for printers and bibliophiles
Ways of reading : advanced reading skills for students of English literature
The Lord of Fire
The Lord of the Void
2nd International Congress on Science and Nordic Skiing, 28-31 May 2012, Vuokatti, Finland : congress proceedings
The entropy of bones : a novel
Secrets of German Medieval swordsmanship : Sigmund Ringeck's commentaries on Johannes Liechtenauer's verse
Sport foundations for elementary physical education : a tactical games approach
Out of sorts : on typography and modern theories of print culture
Straight golf : the basics of good golf
The entropy of bones
Learning to write, reading to learn : genre, knowledge and pedagogy in the Sydney school
Growth-associated variation in body size, hormonal status, physical performance characteristics and perceptual-motor skills in Finnish young soccer players : a two-year follow-up study in the U11, U13 and U15 age groups
Paper swordsmen : Jin Yong and the modern Chinese martial arts novel
Stalin and the Soviet-Finnish war 1939-1940
THE WAY TO THE MARTIAL ARTS
The effects of augmented feedback on motor skill learning in shooting : a feedback training intervention among inexperienced rifle shooters
Handbook of early advertising art mainly from American sources : typographical and ornamental volume
The Art of Learning : an inner journey to optimal performance
In his third duel Tom faces the Lord of Tears, who's as fast as lightning and twice as deadly. Will Tom survive the fight to continue in the Contest?
Daoist nei gong : the philosophical art of change
Tom calls in Mai, Akiko and the Shinobi Ghost army to fight the Lord of Fire. The all-powerful demon can't be defeated - uness Tom can get the Element Gems back and turn the other Lords of Pain against the traitor.
