http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25256 real-time
real-time
Generation of real-time code from multi-rate Simulink models
Streaming content in real-time : the problems that providers confront with live streaming
Advanced optimization algorithms for applications in control engineering
Get real : real time + art +theory +practice + history / general editor: Morten Søndergaard ; editors Perttu Rastas, Björn Norberg
Real-time communication on the web and IP multimedia subsystem media security
Protocols and algorithms for adaptive multimedia systems
Swedish summary.
Real-time embedded systems : optimization, synthesis, and networking
Linux for embedded and real-time appplications
Modeling online auctions
Comparison between dSPACE and NI systems based on real-time intelligent control of a teleoperated hydraulic servo system
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Adoption and optimization of embedded and real-time communication systems
Captain Sonar
Essays on real-time macroeconomic forecasting
Abstract.
The testability requirements for a WCDMA base station
Abstract: The goal of this project was to research real time communication protocol and the possibility of replacing flash media server with an existing open source server. Extension of the protocol, its extensibility and performance of the open source real time server were analyzed. This project was carried out for Metropolia UAS in order to find out alternative solutions for the eLearning environment project called Knowledge Practice Laboratory (KP-Lab), running on flash media server.  The client side of the project was a browser based cross-platform application fully implemented in actionscript 3. In order to run the application, browsers should have the latest version of flash player installed. For the server side implementation and overriding the servers functionality, Java programming language was used. The project used the schema provided by the server for storing information into database and it was a near real time application.  The application was tested using all the major browsers: Mozilla, Firefox and Chrome. Performance test of the server was done by registering over two thousand users and running the automated test. The tests verified the server to be fully developed and mature enough to be taken into consideration as a better alternative to flash media server.
Abstract: Real-Time Communications on the Web (RTC-Web) is a project aimed at standardizing protocols for real-time communication between Web browsers and other communication end points. This enables applications to be developed in the browser via JavaScript Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) and HyperText Markup Language 5 (HTML5). RTC-Web is to be in the standard browser, and no plug-ins are required. The privacy and security of the media path is important in any communication, especially on the Web. RTC-Web communications are directly controlled by a Web server. This Web server controls not only the channel between the communicating end points but also the application running on the user's browser. This brings the question of security and a need for a safe standardized way to set up media connections and streams. In this thesis, the viability of various security techniques, in terms of their usefulness in RTC-Web context is analyzed. A strong key management protocol is a central aspect for an effective security mechanism. Based on the thesis research carried out, secure and reliable cryptographic and key management protocols are proposed for RTC-Web deployment. Furthermore, the interworking of RTC-Web and Internet Protocol Multimedia Subsystem (IMS) in terms of media security and authentication requirements is another topic which is explored. The convergence of telecommunication networks with the Web by exposing the IMS capabilities through Web APIs would bring many benefits to both areas. It would also bring security vulnerabilities to the converged network and its users. These security vulnerabilities are analyzed in this study. Based on the identified security challenges and risks, security considerations and solutions for the RTC-Web client and the IMS gateway on the media plane are proposed. The project was carried out at Ericsson Research NomadicLab which is part of Ericsson R&D Center in Finland. The research is based on academic papers and the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) and other standardization bodies' recommendations. The findings of this thesis can be applied in RTC-Web implementation and will be useful for application developers involved in implementing real-time security.
Near Real Time Communication in WWW: Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol
Real-time logistics : case: development of a shipment status display system for a large manufacturing company
The year is 2048. You are part of a team of elite officers in command of a state-of-the-art submarine. The hunt has begun. Your mission is simple: seek and destroy the enemy submarine. To beat the enemy, you must cooperate with your teammates. Only the team who best communicates and works together will survive the encounter...
Abstract: Study of real-time  monitoring business process.
Study of real-time  monitoring business process : implementation of selected processes at infineon technologies
Industrial communication networks : profiles. Part 2, Additional fieldbus profiles for real-time networks based on ISO/IEC 8802-3
Trendology : building an advantage through data-driven real-time marketing
Unsupervised network intrusion detection systems for zero-day fast-spreading network attacks and botnets
Online optimisation models in short-term production planning
'Gaming Live!' provides a complete guide to live streaming and gaming. It features exclusive interviews directly from the biggest YouTube and Twitch stars in the world. It's an essential guide for anyone and everyone who wants to get involved with the incredible world of live streaming!
Digital art and meaning : reading kinetic poetry, text machines, mapping art, and interactive installations
Search and social : the definitive guide to real-time content marketing
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Gaming live! : your guide to video game livestreaming
Real-time control of the industrial enterprise
A symbolic approach to model-based online testing
Cult of real-time image : understanding the hardcore
Developing a real-time mobile application using HTML5 and WebSockets
A comprehensive approach to real time power cable temperature prediction and rating in thermally unstable environments
"This book presents innovative research on the integration of embedded systems, real-time systems and the developments toward multimedia technology"--Provided by publisher.
Real-time electricity tariff system for retail market
