http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25214 tidiness
tidiness
Smelly Slugsy
I have to go!
The gigantic beard that was evil
The little puddle
Pip and Posy : the little puddle
The feet in the gym
Messy Molly
The Very Messy Mermaid
Instituting a 5S-system
Horrid Henry's nits
Infant potty training : a gentle and primeval method adapted to modern living
The book that eats people
Whiffy Wilson : the wolf who wouldn't wash
Toddler care book : a complete guide from 1 to 5 years old
On Your Potty!
Potty training : making the transition without stress or mess
At home with Madame Chic : becoming a connoisseur of daily life
Say cheese
Franklin is bossy ; Franklin plays the game ; Franklin is messy
Morris the mankiest monster
Henry & Horace clean up
Prince George and the royal potty
Scream!
Join Dirty Bertie as he finds fame in front of the cameras, gets into a spot of bother on a fishing trip and becomes a modern-day Robin Hood.
From the bestselling, award-winning author of The Princess and the Peas comes the perfect potty training book for little princes and princesses everywhere.Prince George wants to go on adventures, but his nappy keeps getting in the way! It must be time for the prince to use the Royal Potty.
The Little Puddle
La toilette : naissance de l'intime = the invention of privacy
Captain Beastlie's pirate party
Fourth-grader Frankie Piccolini has a vivid imagination when it comes to cleaning his disastrously messy room, but eventually even he decides that it is just too dirty. Comic strip illustrations are interspersed throughout the text.
Dirty Bertie - the boy with nose-pickingly disgusting habits - is back for another helping of comic chaos! With ever-increasing madcap schemes and crazy capers, Bertie continues to delight his legions of fans who revel in his revolting ways. Join Bertie as he turns Know-All Nick into a monster, gets stuck on a mountain with Dad and comes face to face with his French double! Three wickedly funny stories featuring the world's grubbiest trouble magnet.
Frankie Pickle and the closet of doom
Harriet, you'll drive me wild!
Peek-a-Poo : what's in your nappy?
Horror!
I need a wee!
Potty time!
