http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25229 uncles (maternal)
uncles (maternal)
The Koli layered sill and related PGE in North Karelia, eastern Finland
On some faraway beach : the life and times of Brian Eno
Rhythm planet : the great world music makers
The Enonkoski nickel-copper deposit
The Brooklyn follies : a novel
Annual variation in metal contents of humus
Mineralogy and geochemistry of iron precipitates formed from mine effluents in Finland
In the 1960s, rock and pop music recording questioned the convention that recordings should recreate the illusion of a concert hall setting. The Wall of Sound that Phil Spector built behind various artists and the intricate eclecticism of George Martin's recordings of the Beatles did not resemble live performances - in the Albert Hall or elsewhere - but instead created a new sonic world. The role of the record producer, writes Virgil Moorefield in The Producer as Composer, was evolving from that of organizer to auteur; band members became actors in what Frank Zappa called a "movie for your ears." In rock and pop, in the absence of a notated score, the recorded version of a song - created by the producer in collaboration with the musicians - became the definitive version.
Virtual music : how the Web got wired for sound
Reflections in a lake : a study of Chekhov's four greatest plays
New nickel mine to be opened in Finland
Turn on your mind : four decades of great psychedelic rock
Forest owners perspective and attitude towards bioenergy in Eno and Tuupovaara in Joensuu, Finland
Good vibrations : a history of record production
Contemporary musicians : profiles of the people in music. Vol. 8 : includes cumulated indexes
The sons of Scarlatti
Tell the wolves I'm home: a novel
The baked bean cure
The Brooklyn follies
We are all cannibals and other essays
Petrology of Early Proterozoic tholeiitic diabase dykes in the Koli-Kaltimo area of North Karelia, eastern Finland
Roxy : the band that invented an era
It's only rock'n' roll baby : [Palais des Baux-Arts, Bruxelles, 20.6 - 14.7. 2008?] / editor Jérôme Sans
A year with swollen appendices : [Brian Eno's diary] / Brian Eno
Shadow of a doubt
The weird and the eerie
Few record collections remain untouched by Brian Eno's aesthetic: from ambient soundscapes and world-music hybrids to cut 'n' paste vocal samples and amniotic chill-out rooms, Eno is all around us. A sonic alchemist to the stars, his address book is a veritable who's who of rock and his credit adorns an outrageous number of albums. Tellingly, Eno's work with Roxy Music, David Bowie, Talking Heads, Devo, U2, and Coldplay has coincided with those artists producing their most critically revered work. This is the first serious, critical examination of the life and times of Brian Eno. David Sheppard has interviewed key collaborators like David Byrne, Robert Wyatt, John Cale, Bryan Ferry, and Gavin Bryars. But more importantly, Sheppard has had considerable assistance and input from Brian and Anthea Eno themselves, while retaining an edge and independence in keeping with his subject.--From publisher description.
The Laukunkangas nickel-copper occurrence in southeastern Finland
Ocean of sound : aether talk, ambient sound and imaginary worlds / David Toop
Jatulian tholeiitic diabase dykes in the Koli-Kaltimo area of North Karelia, eastern Finland
Pop-art-rock : the Andy Warhol connection : art-rock 1966-85
Sedition and alchemy : a biography of John Cale
Roxy Music : both ends burning
Geochemistry of Early Proterozoic tholeiitic diabase dykes in the Koli-Kaltimo area of North Karelia, eastern Finland
The Laukunkangas nickel-copper deposit
Discovery of the nickel-copper deposit of Laukunkangas, Finland - case history
The producer as composer : shaping the sounds of popular music
Renewing rhetoric's relation to composition : essays in honor of Theresa Jarnagin Enos
The adventures of uncle Lubin
Brian Eno : his music and the vertical color of sound
The Enonkoski nickel-copper mine
Geophysical methods for mapping nickel-bearing structures in eastern Finland and the discovery of the Laukunkangas orebody
Tell the wolves I'm home : a novel
Enonkoski: new Finnish nickel-copper mine relies on high-tech systems
Moorefield, a musician and producer himself, traces this evolution with detailed discussions of works by producers and producer-musicians including Spector and Martin, Brian Eno, Bill Laswell, Trent Reznor, Quincy Jones, and the Chemical Brothers. Underlying the transformation, Moorefield writes, is technological development: new techniques - tape editing, overdubbing, compression - and, in the last ten years, inexpensive digital recording equipment that allows artists to become their own producers. What began when rock and pop producers reinvented themselves in the 1960s has continued; Moorefield describes the importance of disco, hip-hop, remixing, and other forms of electronic music production in shaping the sound of contemporary pop. He discusses the making of Pet Sounds and the production of tracks by Public Enemy with equal discernment, drawing on his own years of studio experience. Much has been written about rock and pop in the last 35 years, but hardly any of it deals with what is actually heard in a given pop song. The Producer as composer tries to unravel the mystery of good pop: why does it sound the way it does?
Brian Eno : visual music / by Christopher Scoates ; with contributions by Roy Ascott ... [et al.]
Scalar audiomagnetotellurics applied to base-metal exploration in Finland
Sonic alchemy : visionary music producers and their maverick recordings
Unknown pleasures : a cultural biography of Roxy Music
SeOs Festival IETM ; Informal European Theatre Meeting
Use of till in geochemical uranium exploration
New nickel mine for Outokumpu
A year with swollen appendices
Kolvananuuro and its surroundings : Natura 2000 area
Uncle, aunt and Jezebel
Brian Eno - brain one : in english / Minna Raitmaa
Mathias and Mathilda
My uncle is a hunkle says Clarice Bean
The art of electronic music
Experiences with computer aided mine planning at the Enonkoski mine
Contemporary musicians. Volume 8 : Profiles of the people in music
Soul of the documentary : expression and the capture of the real
Environment and human geography in Tver region, NW Russia and East Finland
Craton cover sequence and its relationships to repeteated rifting in Koli-Kaltimo area, eastern Finland; implications to regional correlation
