http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25242 exhibition architecture
exhibition architecture
Architecture in Finland : Exhibition of Finnish architecture in London 10.4.-2.5.1957
Arts of display  = Het vertoon van de kunst / editors = redactie: H. Perry Chapman, Frits Scholten, Joanna Woodall
Keskkonnad, projektid, kontseptsioonid : Tallinna kooli arhitektid 1972-1985 = Environment, projects, concepts : architects of the Tallinn school 1972-1985
Conservation of cultural heritage, Guidelines for design of showcases for exhibition and preservation of objects. part 1, general requirements
Uplifted spirits, earthbound machines : studies on artists and the dream of flight, 1900-1935
Architettura organica ungherese = Hungarian organic architecture = Magyar organikus építészet
Museums for a new millennium : concepts, projects, buildings
Urban renaissance, exposition semiotics, Darwinian processes, design activity, architects sketching, putting the body back
The Building erected in Hyde Park for the Great Exhibition of the Works of Industry of All Nations, 1851.
Light Houses: on the nordic common ground : 13 th international architecture exhibition la Biennale de Venezia, Nordic pavilion 29 August-25 November, 2012.
Finnish architecture 2010/2011
Fliegende Bauten : der Messestand als konzeptionelle Aufgabe = Temporary buildings : the trade-fair stand as a conceptional challenge
Finnish architecture 0203
Theodor Höijer 1843-1910 : arkkitehti = architect
Finnish architecture 0405 : exhibition and book, first presentation Museum of Finnish Architecture, Helsinki, 14 June - 3 September 2006
GA international '91
130 vuotta suomalaisia arkkitehtuurikilpailuja = 130 years of Finnish architectural competitions
Museum buildings : a design manual
Museums and silent objects : designing effective exhibitions
Aesthetic engagement in museum exhibitions
Successful exhibition design is more than the presentation of products, objects and ideas, going beyond the mere conveyance of information related to them. A functioning concept must contribute to a deeper understanding. It must also tell a story. The basic and defining concept is to not only allow but to actually initiate communication and interaction between the exhibit and the observer. The interdisciplinary fusion of architecture, graphic design, digital media, and interior design, occasionally even including scenographic elements gives creativity a very large space to bloom. The permanent and contemporary projects presented in this volume include museums and art exhibitions, installations, as well as the presentation of products at fair booths and in show rooms.
The Stockholm exhibition 1930 : modernism's breaktrough in Swedish architecture
Museum exhibition planning and design
Light houses : young Nordic archtecture
Arhitekt Leonhard Lapin : Töid aastast 1970 -1996 = Works from 1970 - 1996.
Finnish architecture 2016
Display "there and then" : presence and coexistence
Das Architekturmodell : Werkzeug, Fetisch, kleine Utopie = The architectural model : tool, fetish, small utopia
Adolf Loos : dílo v českých zemích = Adolf Loos : works in the Czech lands
At the end of the century : one hundred years of architecture
Eero Saarinen : shaping the future
Steven Holl : [catalogue is on the occasion of the Steven Holl exhibition presented from June 17 to August 29 1993 at arc en rêve centre d'architecture in Bordeaux = Le catalogue est à l'occasion de l'exposition "Steven Holl" présentée du 17 juin au 29 août 1993 á arc en rêve centre d'architecture, Bordeaux
The international handbooks of museum studies
Arquitectos a escena : escenografias y montajes de exposicion en los 90 = Architects on stage : stage and exhibition design in the 90's
Exhibition of Finnish architecture : the Hague, April 28-May 19, 1975.
Present on site : transforming exhibitions and museums
On show : temporary design for fairs, special events and art exhibitions
The curator's handbook : museums, commercial galleries, independent spaces
"Museums are among the iconic buildings of the twenty-first century, as remarkable for their architectural diversity as for the variety of collections they display. But how does the architecture of museums affect our experience as visitors? This book proposes that by seeing space as common ground between architecture and museology, and so between the museum building and its display, we can illuminate the individuality of each museum and the distinctive experience it offers--for example, how some museums create a sense of personal exploration, while others are more intensely didactic, and how the visit in some cases is transformed into a spatial experience and in other cases into a more social event. The book starts with an overview of the history of museum buildings and display strategies, and a discussion of theoretical and critical approaches. It then focuses on specific museums as in-depth case studies, and uses methods of spatial analysis to look at the key design choices available to architects and curators, and their effects on visitors' behaviour. Theoretically grounded, methodologically original, and richly illustrated, this book will equip students, researchers and professionals in the fields of architecture, museum studies, curating, exhibition design, and cultural studies, with a guide for studying museums and a theoretical framework for their interpretation"--Provided by publisher.
In side out, on site in : redesigning the National Museum of Ethnology, Leiden, the Netherlands
Shanghai urban planning exhibition center
Exercises in flight : ... produced at the Department of Arictecture in Oulu 1983-1987
Engaging spaces : exhibition design explored
Museum Theory showcases innovative theoretical formations that have defined museum studies and which point the way towards its future. Museum Practice addresses areas of museum work––especially those that have been neglected in the existing critical literature––in order to re–articulate and transcend the theory practice division. Museum Media focuses on the architecture and space of museums, including the diverse media of display. Museum Transformations addresses the social, cultural, political, and economic developments that are shaping and re–shaping museums.
Introduction to museum work
Arhitekt Peep Jänes : [näitus Eesti Arhitektuurimuuseumis 29.12.2011 - 05.02.2012] = Architect Peep Jänes : [exhibition in the Museum of Estonian Architecture 29.12.2011 - 05.02.2012
BBU collection : the first architectural works exhibition of young architects (Southern China)
Selected works of International Students' Exhibition of Shanghai Biennale 2008
Museum space : where architecture meets museology
What makes a great exhibition? / editor: Paula Marincola
Grand stand 4 : design for trade fair stands
Creating exhibitions : collaboration in the planning, development, and design of innovative experiences
Constructing a legend : the international exhibitions of Finnish architecture 1957-1967
Arata Isozaki : architecture 1960-1990
Aqua-scape : the nature oriented architecture
Alvar Aalto: points of contact : Alvar Aalto Museum 1994
Virtuality and the art of exhibition : curatorial design for the multimedial museum
Exhibition of Finnish architecture : the Hague, April 28-May 19, 1975
Explorations : exhibition 1982, Museum of Finnish Architecture = Löytöretkiä : Houstonin arkkitehtikoulun oppilastöitä : näyttely 1982, Suomen rakennustaiteen museo
Five masters of the North = Fem mestre i Norden. Knud Holscher & KHR A/S : a universal aesthetic experience = en altomfattende æstetiske oplevelse
Art and the power of placement
Scenography : making spaces talk : projects 2002-2010 = Szenografie : narrative Räume : Projekte 2002-2010 / editor = Herausgeber: Atelier Brückner ; preface = Vorwort: Frank den Oudsten ; prologue, epilogue, chapters = Prolog, Epilog, Kapitel: Christian Barthelmes ; project texts = Projekttexte: Michaela Ganter, Claudia Luxbacher
Architects in the making : [Department of Architecture, Tampere University of Technology 1969-1999]
Third space in Kiasma : Kivi Sotamaa ́s architecture for ARS 01 invites interpretation / Piia Laita
Reiulf Ramstad architects : selected works
Reviving monuments : historic architecture and contemporary projects : approaches to historic building re-use seen on 40 sites in Europe today
The architect as stand designer : building exhibitions 1895-1983
Gerrit Th. Rietveld : the complete works 1888-1964
What is exhibition design?
Expo'92 Seville : architecture and design
