http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25224 top athletes
top athletes
How to develop Olympic level swimmers : scientific and practical foundations
My last fight : the true story of a hockey rock star
Women who win in sport and in life : stories of triumph
Silver fern at Tokyo : stories of New Zealanders at the games of the 18th Olympiad
Exceptional life courses : elite athletes and successful artists in 2000s Finland
Breakaway : from behind the Iron Curtain to the NHL : the untold story of hockey's great escapes
No problem with coordination
The definitive autobiography from hockey's greatest living legend?? "Mr. Hockey” himself, Gordie Howe. Big, skilled, tough on the ice, and nearly indestructible, Howe dominated both the sport and the record books like no one has before or since. Over an incredible six decades, the Hall of Famer had so many accomplishments that he set the record for the most records by any athlete ever in any sport.
Cardiometabolic health among male former elite athletes
World football stars : teams and players, facts and figures
My story
We love football : best football quotes on planet earth
Shift work
Physical loading and later lower-limb function and findings : a study among male former elite athletes
The Kinnunens' hearts burn for the javelin throw
At the top in the universiade - and olympics
Between the pipes : a revealing look at hockey's legendary goalies
Patrick Roy : winning, nothing else
Optimization of technique in elite athletes : an application of the ICC program
Mr. Hockey : my story
Health status of former Finnish elite athletes
A medal - and nothing less
Today we die a little : the rise and fall of Emil Zátopek, Olympic legend
Faster than lightning : my story
Gold rush : what makes an Olympic champion
When the final buzzer sounds : NHL greats share their stories of hardship and triumph : an anthology
The sports gene : inside the science of extraordinary athletic performance
Hanna-Mari Seppälä: The unbearable lightness of swimming
The gold mine effect : crack the secrets of high performance
Wearing the "C" : leadership secrets from hockey's greatest captains
Marathon doctor without peer
The dominant logic of Australian sport : narratives from the Beijing Olympics
Fast girl : a life spent running from madness
Diego Costa : the art of war
Born to run
Determinants of sagittal knee laxity in former elite athletes
From hockey’s most prolific fighter comes a sports memoir unlike any other—passionate, funny, and candid, Shift Work chronicles Domi’s sixteen tumultuous seasons in the NHL.  Making it through a single fight as an enforcer in the NHL is a sign of toughness. Making it through 333 of them is a mark of greatness. Whether it was on the ice or off it, Tie Domi was driven to be the best at his job and was gifted with an extraordinary ability to withstand pain. He made a career out of protecting the people around him and became known as someone who would stand up for the people who needed it most.  Raised by immigrant parents in Belle River, Domi found success from an early age on the field and the rink. A gifted athlete in whatever sport he played, Tie eventually focused his sights on hockey. As he moved up the junior ranks, he made a name for himself as a player who was always ready to take on anyone who dared to cross his teammates.  Tie’s reputation followed him into the NHL, and it wasn’t long before he ranked among the game’s most feared—and fearless—enforcers. From New York to Winnipeg to Toronto, Tie quickly became a fan favourite in whatever city he played. As he went about working his name into the record books, Tie surrounded himself with people from every walk of life, learning from each one as he evolved into a respected leader who was never afraid to tell it like it was.  In Shift Work, Tie recounts the ups and downs of his life on and off the ice, showing what he has learned and how he has grown as both a player and a person. He offers insight into the most memorable points of his career, sharing his successes and mistakes with unparalleled honesty. Shift Work shows Tie Domi as he is—a devoted father and friend, a valued and loyal team player, a magnetic personality, and an athlete of immense skill and courage.
The sports gene : talent, practice and the truth about success
The Racer : Life on the road as a pro cyclist
Henna Raita and Tanja Poutiainen : enjoying the sport is the most important thing
Usain Bolt : the story of the world's fastest man
Marcel Pronovost : a life in hockey
Leo-Pekka Tähti advance favourite for european championships
Sport under communism : behind the East German 'miracle'
Lifetime musculoskeletal symptoms and injuries among former elite male athletes
Mike patrick's superstars of speedway
Gordie : a hockey legend : an unauthorized biography of Gordie Howe
Journeyman : the many triumphs (and even more numerous defeats) of a guy who's seen just about everything in the game of hockey
Dynamic balance in former elite male athletes and in community control subjects
Running : theory & practice
Commitment : my autobiography
Sari Multala on course for Olympic gold
Healthy lifestyles of former Finnish world class athletes
J.R. : my life as the most outspoken, fearless, and hard-hitting man in hockey
Where hope grows
Defying gravity - a centimetre at a time
Performance-related emotions in highly skilled soccer players : a longitudinal study based on the IZOF model
Finnish prospect Jarkko Nieminen tennis in his blood
Messi, Neymar, Ronaldo : head to head with the world's greatest players
Slalom skier Kalle Palander: The victory did'nt come as surprise
Marcus Grönholm the world's best rally driver
Neymar : the making of the world's greatest new number 10
Asthma and other pulmonary diseases in former elite athletes
Jeremy Roenick, one of the premier hockey players of his generation and one of the greatest American stars the NHL has ever known, shares his life story in this frank and unflinching autobiography. After making his debut as an 18-year-old with the Chicago Blackhawks, Roenick thrilled fans with his flashy style, take-no-prisoners approach, and jaw-dropping skills. A native of Boston, Roenick went on to play for four more franchises-including the Philadelphia Flyers and Los Angeles Kings-during his incredible 18-season career. By the time he was through, Roenick had racked up 513 goals-the secon.
Move your body - stretch your mind
John Terry : captain, leader, champion
Physical structure of olympic athletes. Pt 1, The Montreal Olympic games anthropological project
Not much of a top, but what there is, is great
Psychological aspects in top athletic and recreational sport, 13.-15.2.1989 Lahti, Finland : proceedings = Aspects psychologiques dans le sport d[']élite et de récréation : actes
The use of dietary supplements and medication among Finnish elite athletes
This book is the first in-depth exploration of why East Germany was, for two decades, one of the three most successful nations in both the Summer and Winter Olympics. Based on original Stasi and Communist Party archival sources, the book evaluates the significant factors behind the GDR's rise to sporting supremacy, notably doping, intensive training regimes, specialist sport schools, heavy investment by the state in elite sport, and the comprehensive guarding of top-level sport by the Stasi. This book reveals how the central elite sports system was beset by internal tensions and disputes, by the personal ambitions of top Communist officials and by local and regional interests, and outlines how this system offers a model for elite sport today.
The Golden Jet
Excellence in the air
Lumbar mobility in former elite male weight-lifters, soccer players, long-distance runners and shooters
Wheelmen : Lance Armstrong, the Tour de France, and the greatest sports conspiracy ever
Faster than lightning : my autobiography
Exercise-induced bronchospasm among healthy elite cross country skiers and non-athletic students
Brett : his own story
The age of figure skating
Cultural sport psychology
Racing through the dark : the fall and rise of David Millar
Health status of former elite athletes : the Finnish experience
Sports injuries in Finnish elite cross-country skiers, swimmers, long-distance runners and soccer players
99 : Gretzky : his game, his story
Perceptions of specialists in elite level sports about the Finnish sport system and sport psychology : a qualitative investigation
Medication use in elite athletes
Tiia Piili a smile that lactic acids can't touch
The Sports gene : what makes the perfect athlete
Effects on aging on explosive force production in athletes
Sydney Wooderson and some of his great rivals : the story of his sixteen years running career with an analysis of his greatest races
Hospital care in later life among former world-class Finnish athletes
The personality of the elite soccer player
