http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25384 cohabiting couples
cohabiting couples
Changing contours of domestic life, family and law : caring and sharing
Love / A century of love and passion
Family law, sex and society : a comparative study of family law
When you love someone, how does it feel? And when you desire someone, how is it different? In Mating in Captivity, Esther Perel looks at the story of sex in committed couples. Modern romance promises it all - a lifetime of togetherness, intimacy and erotic desire. In reality, it's hard to want what you already have. Our quest for secure love conflicts with our pursuit of passion. And often, the very thing that got us to into our relationships - lust - is the one thing that goes missing from them. Determined to reconcile the erotic and the domestic, Perel explains why democracy is a passion killer in the bedroom. Arguesfor playfulness, distance, and uncertainty. And shows what it takes to bring lust home. Smart, sexy and explosively original,Mating in Captivity is the monogamist's essential bedside read.
Structural changes or individual preferences? : a study of unmarried cohabitation in Estonia
Conjugal rites : marriage and marriage-like relationships before the law
Mating in captivity : sex, lies and domestic bliss
Non-marital cohabitation and union dissolution
Modern couples? : continuity and change in heterosexual relationships
Trends in childbearing and nuptiality in Sweden : a period analysis
Modern couples sharing money, sharing life
Nonmarital cohabitation among older Finnish men and women : socioeconomic characteristics and forms of union dissolution
The practice of emotionally focused couple therapy : creating connection
Couples in Sweden : studies on family and work
Reconstructing marriage : the legal status of relationships in a changing society
Common law marriage : a legal institution for cohabitation
"One of family law's greatest challenges within the 21st Century is facing the decreased rate of marriages and the increased number of unmarried co-habiting couples. All over the world, lawmakers and courts have met this challenge with different legal solutions. Currently, eleven American jurisdictions recognize the doctrine of common law marriage, but for other jurisdictions have abolished the doctrine within the last fifteen years. Common Law Marriage presents a thorough legal history of common law marriage, from its origins to current law and possible future developments in law. Dr. Gvran Lind researches current law by analyzing American cases, discussing the legal requirements for the establishment of a common law marriage, as to capacity, contract, implied agreement, cohabitation, holding out, and burdens of proof." "As Lind points out, due to the choice of law principles, courts all over the United States must decide on common law marriages on a case-by-case basis. As long as couples move from one state to another, individual state courts in the United States must apply the doctrine of common law marriage and decide if such a marriage has been established when a couple has lived in, or visited, a common law marriage state. Common Law Marriage provides an avid look at the level of expertise regarding the doctrine of common law marriage and expresses the evident need for guidance concerning it."--BOOK JACKET.
Cohabiting, married, or single : portraying, analyzing, and modeling new living arrangements in the changing societies of Europe
The end of marriage : individualism and intimate relations
Have heterosexual relationships become more intimate and equal over the past forty years? Simply put, this is the central question underpinning this book. Within the context of late modern social processes, including most notably individualization and detraditionalization, authors such as Giddens, Beck and Beck-Gernsheim, and Bauman have come to focus on a posited transformation of personal relationships. This has culminated in a sociological debate over the nature of contemporary relationships, with proponents of change celebrating the emergence of an intimacy based on personal satisfaction rather than traditional obligations. Detractors reject this interpretation and instead lament what they consider to be the destruction of commitment and the demoralisation of personal relationships by the rise of individualism and consumerism. While these two entrenched positions have dominated the debate, a third, marginalised perspective has emerged, which questions the extent to which contemporary relationships have become detraditionalized, and emphasises evidence of continuing gender inequalities.
Unmarriages : women, men, and sexual unions in the Middle Ages
The purchase of intimacy
Intimate life styles : marriage and its alternatives
Partnership in Europe : its variety, trends and dissolution : a section of a work in progress
Marriage and cohabitation
Marriage rites and rights
Consensual unions and their dissolution among Finnish women born in 1938-1969
Who am I without you? :  52 ways to rebuild self-esteem after a breakup
