http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2535 OLE
OLE
Ole Worm's correspondence with Icelanders
The theory of lie superalgebras : an introduction
Ole E. Rölvaag's descriptions of Norwegian immigrants in America
OPC : from data access to unified architecture
Ole Jørgen Ness : this is it for me : Galleri Riis, Oslo, 29.11. - 13.1.2002
Cityspace 15.5. - 1.10.1996 : skulpturer og installationer udført til København 96  = sculptures and installations made for Copenhagen 96 / [katalogredaktør & koordinator: Anette Østerby]
Riding the tiger : twenty years on the road : risks and joys of bringing Tibetan Buddhism to the West
Rauma Biennale Balticum 2000 : tulevaisuuden jäljillä = Rauma Biennale Balticum 2000 : retracing the future
Learn OLE DB development with Visual C++ 6.0
Collage architecture
An outgrowth of a two-week summer session at Jacobs University in Bremen, Germany in August 2009 ("Structures in Lie Theory, Crystals, Derived Functors, Harish–Chandra Modules, Invariants and Quivers"), this volume consists of expository and research articles that highlight the various Lie algebraic methods used in mathematical research today. Key topics discussed include spherical varieties, Littelmann Paths and Kac–Moody Lie algebras, modular representations, primitive ideals, representation theory of Artin algebras and quivers, Kac–Moody superalgebras, categories of Harish–Chandra modules, cohomological methods, and cluster algebras.  List of Contributors:  M. Boos M. Brion J. Fuchs M. Gorelik A. Joseph M. Reineke C. Schweigert V. Serganova A. Seven W. Soergel B. Wilson G. Zuckerman.
A Scandinavian view : ecology and poetry in Nordic printmaking / exhibition produced by Nordic Arts Centre
Introduction to Lie groups and Lie algebras for applications to physics
Lie groups, Lie algebras, and their representations
Lie groups and Lie algebras. 3, Structure of Lie groups and Lie algebras
Basics of Lie groups
Combinatorics of Minuscule Representations
Modern törekvések az ést müvészetben 1915-1935 = Modern tendencies in the Estonian art 1915-1935 : Martyn Ferenc Múseum, Pécs, 10.4.-11.3.1991
Ars Baltica : samtida skulptur från Östersjöområdet = contemporary sculpture from the Baltic region : [Baltic Sculpture 93 : art exhibition : Visby, 20 juni - 15 sept. 1993]
The new edition of this celebrated and long-unavailable book preserves the original book's content and structure  and its unrivalled presentation of a universal method for the resolution of a class of singularities in algebraic geometry. At the same time, the book has been completely re-typeset, errors have been eliminated, proofs have been streamlined, the notation has been made consistent and uniform, an index has been added, and a guide to recent literature has been added. The book brings together ideas from algebraic geometry, differential geometry, representation theory and number theory, and will continue to prove of value for researchers and graduate students in these areas.
On Radon transforms on compact Lie groups
The Bäcksbacka Collection : the heart of the Helsinki Art Museum
Ole Bull : Norway's romantic musician and cosmopolitan patriot
Elements of mathematics : Lie groups and Lie algebras [4-6]. Chapters 4-6
Do social scientists and historians write the same minority histories?
Ruum 312 A : Viron nykytaidetta = Estonian contemporary art
Analysis and Geometry on Groups
This a comprehensive modern account of the theory of Lie groupoids and Lie algebroids, and their importance in differential geometry, in particular their relations with Poisson geometry and general connection theory. It covers much work done since the mid 1980s including the first treatment in book form of Poisson groupoids, Lie bialgebroids and double vector bundles, as well as a revised account of the relations between locally trivial Lie groupoids, Atiyah sequences, and connections in principal bundles. As such, this book will be of great interest to all those concerned with the use of Poisson geometry as a semi-classical limit of quantum geometry, as well as to all those working in or wishing to learn the modern theory of Lie groupoids and Lie algebroids.
Quantization on Nilpotent Lie Groups
Shipshape : essays for Ole Crumlin-Pedersen : on the occasion of his 60th anniversary February 24th 1995
Motivated by the importance of the Campbell, Baker, Hausdorff, Dynkin Theorem in many different branches of Mathematics and Physics (Lie group-Lie algebra theory, linear PDEs, Quantum and Statistical Mechanics, Numerical Analysis, Theoretical Physics, Control Theory, sub-Riemannian Geometry), this monograph is intended to: 1) fully enable readers (graduates or specialists, mathematicians, physicists or applied scientists, acquainted with Algebra or not) to understand and apply the statements and numerous corollaries of the main result; 2) provide a wide spectrum of proofs from the modern literature, comparing different techniques and furnishing a unifying point of view and notation; 3) provide a thorough historical background of the results, together with unknown facts about the effective early contributions by Schur, Poincaré, Pascal, Campbell, Baker, Hausdorff and Dynkin; 4) give an outlook on the applications, especially in Differential Geometry (Lie group theory) and Analysis (PDEs of subelliptic type); 5) quickly enable the reader, through a description of the state-of-art and open problems, to understand the modern literature concerning a theorem which, though having its roots in the beginning of the 20th century, has not ceased to provide new problems and applications. The book assumes some undergraduate-level knowledge of algebra and analysis, but apart from that is self-contained. Part II of the monograph is devoted to the proofs of the algebraic background. The monograph may therefore provide a tool for beginners in Algebra.
Structure and Geometry of Lie Groups
Composers' houses
Biennale Balticum : Rauma 2000 : Tulevaisuuden jäljillä : Rauman taidemsueo 19.8. - 22.10.2000 = retracing the future : rauma Art Museum 19.8. - 22.10.2000 / [näyttelytyöryhmä: Heikki Horila... [et al.]
This book presents a consistent development of the Kohn-Nirenberg type global quantization theory in the setting of graded nilpotent Lie groups in terms of their representations. It contains a detailed exposition of related background topics on homogeneous Lie groups, nilpotent Lie groups, and the analysis of Rockland operators on graded Lie groups together with their associated Sobolev spaces. For the specific example of the Heisenberg group the theory is illustrated in detail. In addition, the book features a brief account of the corresponding quantization theory in the setting of compact Lie groups. The monograph is the winner of the 2014 Ferran Sunyer i Balaguer Prize.
Lie groups, Lie algebras, and some of their applications
Differentiable Manifolds : A Theoretical Physics Approach
Tensor products on category O and Kostant's problem
Lie Algebras, Geometry, and Toda-Type Systems
Book reviews & review articles
It is covering the structure and representation theory of semi-simple Lie algebras and compact Lie groups. Chapter 7 deals with Cartan subalgebras of Lie algebras, regular elements and conjugacy theorems. Chapter 8 begins with the structure of split semi-simple Lie algebras and their root systems. It goes on to describe the finite-dimensional modules for such algebras, including the character formula of Hermann Weyl. It concludes with the theory of Chevalley orders. Chapter 9 is devoted to the theory of compact Lie groups, beginning with a discussion of their maximal tori, root systems and Weyl groups. It goes on to describe the representation theory of compact Lie groups, including the application of integration to establish Weyl's formula in this context. The chapter concludes with a discussion of the actions of compact Lie groups on manifolds.
Lie groups and their representations : proceedings of the Summer School on Group Representations, Bolyai János Mathematical Society, Budapest, 1971
Representations of Reductive Groups
Subacute and chronic pericardial and myocardial lesions due to non-penetrating traumatic injuries
Marko und Kaido by John Smith : Estonian exhibition : Calle Malipiero, S. Marco, 12.6. - 2.11.2003 : [50th International Art Exhibition of the Biennale di Venezia] / [editors: Sirje Helme, Miriam McIlfatrick ; texts: Anders Härm, Anti Randviir]
The theory of Schur–Weyl duality has had a profound influence over many areas of algebra and combinatorics. This text is original in two respects: it discusses affine q-Schur algebras and presents an algebraic, as opposed to geometric, approach to affine quantum Schur–Weyl theory. To begin, various algebraic structures are discussed, including double Ringel–Hall algebras of cyclic quivers and their quantum loop algebra interpretation. The rest of the book investigates the affine quantum Schur–Weyl duality on three levels. This includes the affine quantum Schur–Weyl reciprocity, the bridging role of affine q-Schur algebras between representations of the quantum loop algebras and those of the corresponding affine Hecke algebras, presentation of affine quantum Schur algebras and the realisation conjecture for the double Ringel–Hall algebra with a proof of the classical case. This text is ideal for researchers in algebra and graduate students who want to master Ringel–Hall algebras and Schur–Weyl duality.
The representation theory of reductive algebraic groups and related finite reductive groups is a subject of great topical interest and has many applications. The articles in this volume provide introductions to various aspects of the subject, including algebraic groups and Lie algebras, reflection groups, abelian and derived categories, the Deligne-Lusztig representation theory of finite reductive groups, Harish-Chandra theory and its generalisations, quantum groups, subgroup structure of algebraic groups, intersection cohomology, and Lusztig's conjectured character formula for irreducible representations in prime characteristic. The articles are carefully designed to reinforce one another, and are written by a team of distinguished authors: M. Broué, R. W. Carter, S. Donkin, M. Geck, J. C. Jantzen, B. Keller, M. W. Liebeck, G. Malle, J. C. Rickard and R. Rouquier. This volume as a whole should provide a very accessible introduction to an important, though technical, subject.
Platform independent OPC programming interface using Java
Singularities of Differentiable Maps, Volume 1 : Classification of Critical Points, Caustics and Wave Fronts
Lie Groups, Lie Algebras, Cohomology and some Applications in Physics
Grand Ole Opry
Lie algebras and Lie groups : 1964 lectures given at Harvard University
Singularities of Differentiable Maps, Volume 2 : Monodromy and Asymptotics of Integrals
The subjects of stochastic processes, information theory, and Lie groups are usually treated separately from each other. This unique two-volume set presents these topics in a unified setting, thereby building bridges between fields that are rarely studied by the same people. Unlike the many excellent formal treatments available for each of these subjects individually, the emphasis in both of these volumes is on the use of stochastic, geometric, and group-theoretic concepts in the modeling of physical phenomena. Volume 1 establishes the geometric and statistical foundations required to understand the fundamentals of continuous-time stochastic processes, differential geometry, and the probabilistic foundations of information theory. Volume 2 delves deeper into relationships between these topics, including stochastic geometry, geometric aspects of the theory of communications and coding, multivariate statistical analysis, and error propagation on Lie groups. Key features and topics of  Volume 2: * The author reviews the concept of—and functions and integration on—Lie groups with many concrete examples. * Extensive exercises and motivating examples make the work suitable as a textbook for use in courses that emphasize applied stochastic processes on Lie groups or geometric aspects of probability and statistics. * Specific application areas are explored, including biomolecular statistical mechanics and information-driven motion in robotics. * The concrete presentation style makes it easy for readers to obtain numerical solutions for their own problems; the emphasis is on how to calculate quantities rather than how to prove theorems. * Modern problems at the interface of mechanics, control theory, and communications are handled in a unified framework and multiple directions for future research are explored. Stochastic Models, Information Theory, and Lie Groups will be of interest to advanced undergraduate and graduate students, researchers, and practitioners working in applied mathematics, the physical sciences, and engineering.
Lectures on Lie groups and Lie algebras
Reindeer-herding on the Kola Peninsula
The undermining of a stable party system
Lie groups and Lie algebras. Chapters 7-9
The best of both worlds? : the Danish electoral system 1915-20 in a comparative perspective
Representation Theory, Complex Analysis, and Integral Geometry
Originally published in the 1980s, Singularities of Differentiable Maps: Monodromy and Asymptotics of Integrals was the second of two volumes that together formed a translation of the authors' influential Russian monograph on singularity theory.  This uncorrected softcover reprint of the work brings its still-relevant content back into the literature, making it available—and affordable—to a global audience of researchers and practitioners. While the first volume of this title, subtitled Classification of Critical Points, Caustics and Wave Fronts, contained the zoology of differentiable maps—that is, was devoted to a description of what, where, and how singularities could be encountered—this second volume concentrates on elements of the anatomy and physiology of singularities of differentiable functions.  The questions considered here are about the structure of singularities and how they function. In the first part the authors consider the topological structure of isolated critical points of holomorphic functions: vanishing cycles; distinguished bases; intersection matrices; monodromy groups; the variation operator; and their interconnections and method of calculation.  The second part is devoted to the study of the asymptotic behavior of integrals of the method of stationary phase, which is widely met within applications.  The third and last part deals with integrals evaluated over level manifolds in a neighborhood of the critical point of a holomorphic function.   This monograph is suitable for mathematicians, researchers, postgraduates, and specialists in the areas of mechanics, physics, technology, and other sciences dealing with the theory of singularities of differentiable maps.
Infinite dimensional Lie algebras : an introduction
Lie algebras graded by the root systems BC[sub r], r[greater than or equal to] 2
Review : Danish grasshoppers
Knowledge of an analytic group implies knowledge of its module category. However complete knowledge of the category does not determine the group. Professor Magid shows here that the category determines another, larger group and an algebra of functions in this new group. The new group and its function algebra are completely described; this description thus tells everything that is known when the module category, as a category, is given. This categorical view brings together and highlights the significance of earlier work in this area by several authors, as well as yielding new results. By including many examples and computations Professor Magid has written a complete account of the subject that is accessible to a wide audience. Graduate students and professionals who have some knowledge of algebraic groups, Lie groups and Lie algebras will find this a useful and interesting text.
Festschrift Professor P. Ole Fanger : papers presented at the International Symposium Healthy and Comfortable Indoor Environments held in honor of Professor Fanger on the occasion of his official retirement from the Technical University of Denmark 26-27 August 2004
One of the most fascinating sub-divisions within the rapidly growing field of psychology and law is the area of deception detection. Traditionally this area has been characterised by a number of approaches which have analysed different aspects of deception such as verbal content, non-verbal behaviour, and polygraph testing. The last few years' intensive research has resulted in an impressive corpus of new knowledge about issues such as cross-cultural deception, the detection of simulated amnesia and false confessions, lie-catching expertise and how best to train professionals in detecting deception. This book provides a state-of-the-art account of current research and practice, written by an international team of experts and will be a valuable resource for academics, students, practitioners and all professionals within the legal domain who need to tackle questions of credibility and reliability.
Noteworthy Danes : portraits of eleven Danish composers
This book is an outgrowth of the special term “Harmonic Analysis, Representation Theory, and Integral Geometry,” held at the Max Planck Institute for Mathematics and the Hausdorff Research Institute for Mathematics in Bonn during the summer of 2007. The contributions in the volume provide a window into a variety of subjects related to reductive groups:  real and complex analysis on homogeneous spaces, arithmetic aspects of moment geometry, geometry of flag varieties, restriction theory of representations, modern aspects of special functions, multiple Dirichlet series, and unfolding identities in the theory of automorphic forms. Throughout the work, great emphasis was placed on making the articles accessible to interested newcomers to these fields and graduate students. Representation Theory, Complex Analysis, and Integral Geometry aims to stimulate future research in these areas. Contributors: J. Bernstein, G. Chinta, D. Ciubotaru, J. Faraut, S. Gindikin, J. Jorgenson, J. Kramer, B. Krötz, Y.A. Neretin, K. Nishiyama, O. Offen, H. Schlichtkrull, M.J. Slupinski, R.J. Stanton, B. Speh, P.E. Trapa, T.N.Venkataramana.
Cohomology of infinite-dimensional lie algebras
Lie groups and algebras with applications to physics, geometry, and mechanics
Originally published in the 1980s, Singularities of Differentiable Maps: The Classification of Critical Points, Caustics and Wave Fronts was the first of two volumes that together formed a translation of the authors' influential Russian monograph on singularity theory.  This uncorrected softcover reprint of the work brings its still-relevant content back into the literature, making it available—and affordable—to a global audience of researchers and practitioners. Singularity theory is a far-reaching extension of maxima and minima investigations of differentiable functions, with implications for many different areas of mathematics, engineering (catastrophe theory and the theory of bifurcations), and science.  The three parts of this first volume deal with the stability problem for smooth mappings, critical points of smooth functions, and caustics and wave front singularities.  Building on these concepts, the second volume (Monodromy and Asymptotics of Integrals) describes the topological and algebro-geometrical aspects of the theory, including monodromy, intersection forms, oscillatory integrals, asymptotics, and mixed Hodge structures of singularities. Singularities of Differentiable Maps: The Classification of Critical Points, Caustics and Wave Fronts accommodates the needs of non-mathematicians, presupposing a limited mathematical background and beginning at an elementary level.  With this foundation, the book's sophisticated development permits readers to explore an unparalleled breadth of applications.
Now in paperback, this book provides a self-contained introduction to the cohomology theory of Lie groups and algebras and to some of its applications in physics. No previous knowledge of the mathematical theory is assumed beyond some notions of Cartan calculus and differential geometry (which are nevertheless reviewed in the book in detail). The examples, of current interest, are intended to clarify certain mathematical aspects and to show their usefulness in physical problems. The topics treated include the differential geometry of Lie groups, fibre bundles and connections, characteristic classes, index theorems, monopoles, instantons, extensions of Lie groups and algebras, some applications in supersymmetry, Chevalley-Eilenberg approach to Lie algebra cohomology, symplectic cohomology, jet-bundle approach to variational principles in mechanics, Wess-Zumino-Witten terms, infinite Lie algebras, the cohomological descent in mechanics and in gauge theories and anomalies. This book will be of interest to graduate students and researchers in theoretical physics and applied mathematics.
The geometry of infinite-dimensional groups
Topics in Noncommutative Algebra : The Theorem of Campbell, Baker, Hausdorff and Dynkin
Module Categories of Analytic Groups
The jurassic of Denmark and Greenland
Marko und Kaido by John Smith : Estonian exhibition
Differential Geometry and Lie Groups for Physicists
Data mining with SQL Server 2005
Jordan Structures in Geometry and Analysis
This text is designed as an introduction to Lie groups and their actions on manifolds, one that is accessible both to a broad range of mathematicians and to graduate students. Building on the authors' Lie-Gruppen und Lie-Algebren textbook from 1991, it presents the fundamental  principles of Lie groups while incorporating the past 20 years of the authors' teaching and research, and giving due emphasis to the role played by differential geometry in the field. The text is entirely self contained, and provides ample guidance to students with the presence of many exercises and selected hints. The work begins with a study of matrix groups, which serve as examples to concretely and directly illustrate the correspondence between groups and their Lie algebras. In the second part of the book, the authors investigate the basic structure and representation theory of finite dimensional Lie algebras, such as the rough structure theory relevant to the theorems of Levi and Malcev, the fine structure of semisimple Lie algebras (root decompositions), and questions related to representation theory. In the third part of the book, the authors turn to global issues, most notably the interplay between differential geometry and Lie theory. Finally, the fourth part of the book deals with the structure theory of Lie groups, including some refined applications of the exponential function, various classes of Lie groups, and structural issues for general Lie groups. To round out the book's content, several appendices appear at the end of this last part. Containing a wealth of useful information, including new results, Structure and Geometry of Lie Groups provides a unique perspective on the study of Lie groups and is a valuable addition to the literature. Prerequisites are generally kept to a minimum, and various pedagogical features make it an excellent supplemental text for graduate students. However, the work also contains much that will be of interest to more advanced audiences, and can serve as a useful research reference in the field.
Live at the Opry
This textbook gives a concise introduction to the theory of differentiable manifolds, focusing on their applications to differential equations, differential geometry, and Hamiltonian mechanics. The work’s first three chapters introduce the basic concepts of the theory, such as differentiable maps, tangent vectors, vector and tensor fields, differential forms, local one-parameter groups of diffeomorphisms, and Lie derivatives. These tools are subsequently employed in the study of differential equations (Chapter 4), connections (Chapter 5), Riemannian manifolds (Chapter 6), Lie groups (Chapter 7), and Hamiltonian mechanics (Chapter 8). Throughout, the book contains examples, worked out in detail, as well as exercises intended to show how the formalism is applied to actual computations and to emphasize the connections among various areas of mathematics. Differentiable Manifolds is addressed to advanced undergraduate or beginning graduate students in mathematics or physics. Prerequisites include multivariable calculus, linear algebra, differential equations, and (for the last chapter) a basic knowledge of analytical mechanics.
Lie groups and Lie algebras. 1, Foundations of Lie theory ; Lie transformation groups
Modular Representations of Finite Groups of Lie Type
Naive Lie theory
Minuscule representations occur in a variety of contexts in mathematics and physics. They are typically much easier to understand than representations in general, which means they give rise to relatively easy constructions of algebraic objects such as Lie algebras and Weyl groups. This book describes a combinatorial approach to minuscule representations of Lie algebras using the theory of heaps, which for most practical purposes can be thought of as certain labelled partially ordered sets. This leads to uniform constructions of (most) simple Lie algebras over the complex numbers and their associated Weyl groups, and provides a common framework for various applications. The topics studied include Chevalley bases, permutation groups, weight polytopes and finite geometries. Ideal as a reference, this book is also suitable for students with a background in linear and abstract algebra and topology. Each chapter concludes with historical notes, references to the literature and suggestions for further reading.
The Schrödinger-Virasoro Algebra : Mathematical structure and dynamical Schrödinger symmetries
Stochastic Models, Information Theory, and Lie Groups, Volume 2 : Analytic Methods and Modern Applications
Strangers no more : one family's exceptional journey from Christianity to Judaism
Classical groups for physicists
Introduction to Lie groups and Lie algebras
Lie groups beyond an introduction
Direct political participation in the EC countries in the late eighties
Differential geometry plays an increasingly important role in modern theoretical physics and applied mathematics. This textbook gives an introduction to geometrical topics useful in theoretical physics and applied mathematics, covering: manifolds, tensor fields, differential forms, connections, symplectic geometry, actions of Lie groups, bundles, spinors, and so on. Written in an informal style, the author places a strong emphasis on developing the understanding of the general theory through more than 1000 simple exercises, with complete solutions or detailed hints. The book will prepare readers for studying modern treatments of Lagrangian and Hamiltonian mechanics, electromagnetism, gauge fields, relativity and gravitation. Differential Geometry and Lie Groups for Physicists is well suited for courses in physics, mathematics and engineering for advanced undergraduate or graduate students, and can also be used for active self-study. The required mathematical background knowledge does not go beyond the level of standard introductory undergraduate mathematics courses.
Jordan theory has developed rapidly in the last three decades, but very few books describe its diverse applications. Here, the author discusses some recent advances of Jordan theory in differential geometry, complex and functional analysis, with the aid of numerous examples and concise historical notes. These include: the connection between Jordan and Lie theory via the Tits–Kantor–Koecher construction of Lie algebras; a Jordan algebraic approach to infinite dimensional symmetric manifolds including Riemannian symmetric spaces; the one-to-one correspondence between bounded symmetric domains and JB*-triples; and applications of Jordan methods in complex function theory. The basic structures and some functional analytic properties of JB*-triples are also discussed. The book is a convenient reference for experts in complex geometry or functional analysis, as well as an introduction to these areas for beginning researchers. The recent applications of Jordan theory discussed in the book should also appeal to algebraists.
50 years of the Lego brick
Lie theory. Lie algebras and representations
Foundations of Lie theory and Lie transformation groups
The theory of Lie groups is a very active part of mathematics and it is the twofold aim of these notes to provide a self-contained introduction to the subject and to make results about the structure of Lie groups and compact groups available to a wide audience. Particular emphasis is placed upon results and techniques which explicate the interplay between a Lie group and its Lie algebra, and, in keeping with current trends, a coordinate-free notation is used. Much of the general theory is illustrated by examples and exercises involving specific Lie groups.
Where there is capitalism, there shall be addiction
From voters to participants : essays in honour of Ole Borre
Recent advances in Lie theory
Smooth Compactifications of Locally Symmetric Varieties
Ole Lamm 60 years (25.12.1962)
Eduard Ole : the life and work of the artist
Group Structure of Gauge Theories
On finding the balance between earth and sky : Jeanette Winterson, Charlotte Brontë, and the "Bluebeard" Tale
This monograph provides an account of the structure of gauge theories from a group theoretical point of view. The first part of the text is devoted to a review of those aspects of compact Lie groups (the Lie algebras, the representation theory, and the global structure) which are necessary for the application of group theory to the physics of particles and fields. The second part describes the way in which compact Lie groups are used to construct gauge theories. Models that describe the known fundamental interactions and the proposed unification of these interactions (grand unified theories) are considered in some detail. The book concludes with an up to date description of the group structure of spontaneous symmetry breakdown, which plays a vital role in these interactions. This book will be of interest to graduate students and to researchers in theoretical physics and applied mathematics, especially those interested in the applications of differential geometry and group theory in physics.
Lie Groupoids and Lie Algebroids in Differential Geometry
Flakk or that extraordinary sensation of being abroad even when at home : [the Nordic House, May 27 - August 13, 2000] / [exhibition curated: Andrea Kroksnes and Per Gunnar Tverbakk]
Highlights in Lie Algebraic Methods
Lie groups and Lie algebras: chapter [7-9]. Chapters 7-9
Prairies within : the tragic trilogy of Ole Rölvaag
Live at the Grand Ole Opry
The geometry and analysis that is discussed in this book extends to classical results for general discrete or Lie groups, and the methods used are analytical but have little to do with what is described these days as real analysis. Most of the results described in this book have a dual formulation; they have a 'discrete version' related to a finitely generated discrete group, and a continuous version related to a Lie group. The authors chose to centre this book around Lie groups but could quite easily have pushed it in several other directions as it interacts with opetators, and probability theory, as well as with group theory. This book will serve as an excellent basis for graduate courses in Lie groups, Markov chains or potential theory.
The theory of Lévy processes in Lie groups is not merely an extension of the theory of Lévy processes in Euclidean spaces. Because of the unique structures possessed by non-commutative Lie groups, these processes exhibit certain interesting limiting properties which are not present for their counterparts in Euclidean spaces. These properties reveal a deep connection between the behaviour of the stochastic processes and the underlying algebraic and geometric structures of the Lie groups themselves. The purpose of this work is to provide an introduction to Lévy processes in general Lie groups, the limiting properties of Lévy processes in semi-simple Lie groups of non-compact type and the dynamical behavior of such processes as stochastic flows on certain homogeneous spaces. The reader is assumed to be familiar with Lie groups and stochastic analysis, but no prior knowledge of semi-simple Lie groups is required.
Lights on : Norwegian contemporary art : [Astrup Fearnley Museum of Modern Art Oslo, 12 January - 23 March 2008] / [curators and catalogue editors: Gunnar B. Kvaran, Hanne Beate Ueland, Grete Årbu]
Ethnic modernism
Leisure, kinship and sibling relations
Nashville's Grand Ole Opry : the first fifty years 1925-1975
Microsoft office 95 companion
Dublin Core in 1997 : a report from Dublin Core metadata workshops 4 & 5.
Eesti kunstnikud 2 = artists of Estonia 2 / Kaasaegse Kunsti Eesti Keskus = Center for Contemporary Arts, Estonia ; toimetaja = editor: Johannes Saar
Ole Kandelin's painting processes / Suvi Leukumaavaara and Seppo Hornytzkyj
Public papers of the secretaries-general of the United Nations. Vol. 1, Trygve Lie 1946-1953
Necessities for life and eternity : ancient oil-flasks in finnish collections
General Theory of Lie Groupoids and Lie Algebroids
Beret's terrible test : Giants in the earth in contemporary American scholarship
Finite groups of Lie type encompass most of the finite simple groups. Their representations and characters have been studied intensively for half a century, though some key problems remain unsolved. This is the first comprehensive treatment of the representation theory of finite groups of Lie type over a field of the defining prime characteristic. As a subtheme, the relationship between ordinary and modular representations is explored, in the context of Deligne–Lusztig characters. One goal has been to make the subject more accessible to those working in neighbouring parts of group theory, number theory, and topology. Core material is treated in detail, but the later chapters emphasize informal exposition accompanied by examples and precise references.
Lie algebras of finite and affine type
Foucault's philosophy of art : a genealogy of modernity / Joseph J. Tanke
Carnegie art award 2006 : [Henie Onstad Kunstsenter, Hovikodden, September 29 - November 20, 2005 : Royal Academy of Fine Arts, Stockholm, December 2, 2005 - February 5, 2006 : Helsinki City Art Museum, Meilahti art Museum, Helsinki, March 24 - May 14, 20 / [editor: Ulrika Levén]
Eduard Ole : The life and work of the artist
A Double Hall Algebra Approach to Affine Quantum Schur–Weyl Theory
Computing free energies of protein-ligand association
The blues 2lp
Näkemisen kentät : Vapaa Taidekoulu 1935-85 : näyttely 1. - 24.11.1985 Helsingin Taidehalli = Seendets fält : Fria Konstskolan 1935-85 : utställning 1. - 24.11.1985 Helsingfors Konsthall = Spheres of seeing : Free Art School 1935-85 : exhibition 1. - 24.1 / [luettelon toimitus: Tor Arne, Markku Komonen, Aija Vainio]
The recognition theorem for graded lie algebras in prime characteristic
Blind navigatør : arven fra surrealismen = Blind navigator : the heritage of surrealism : [Bergen 19. September - 13. October 1991] / redigert av = edited by Trond Borgen, Inger Fluge Mæland
This book introduces the use of Lie algebra and differential geometry methods to study nonlinear integrable systems of Toda type. Many challenging problems in theoretical physics are related to the solution of nonlinear systems of partial differential equations. One of the most fruitful approaches in recent years has resulted from a merging of group algebraic and geometric techniques. The book gives a comprehensive introduction to this exciting branch of science. Chapters 1 and 2 review basic notions of Lie algebras and differential geometry with an emphasis on further applications to integrable nonlinear systems. Chapter 3 contains a derivation of Toda type systems and their general solutions based on Lie algebra and differential geometry methods. The last chapter examines explicit solutions of the corresponding equations. The book is written in an accessible 'lecture note' style with many examples and exercises to illustrate key points and to reinforce understanding.
This book provides a striking synthesis of the standard theory of connections in principal bundles and the Lie theory of Lie groupoids. The concept of Lie groupoid is a little-known formulation of the concept of principal bundle and corresponding to the Lie algebra of a Lie group is the concept of Lie algebroid: in principal bundle terms this is the Atiyah sequence. The author's viewpoint is that certain deep problems in connection theory are best addressed by groupoid and Lie algebroid methods. After preliminary chapters on topological groupoids, the author gives the first unified and detailed account of the theory of Lie groupoids and Lie algebroids. He then applies this theory to the cohomology of Lie algebroids, re-interpreting connection theory in cohomological terms, and giving criteria for the existence of (not necessarily Riemannian) connections with prescribed curvature form. This material, presented in the last two chapters, is work of the author published here for the first time. This book will be of interest to differential geometers working in general connection theory and to researchers in theoretical physics and other fields who make use of connection theory.
Lie groups and algebraic groups :
This monograph provides the first up-to-date and self-contained presentation of a recently discovered mathematical structure—the Schrödinger-Virasoro algebra. Just as Poincaré invariance or conformal (Virasoro) invariance play a key role in understanding, respectively, elementary particles and two-dimensional equilibrium statistical physics, this algebra of non-relativistic conformal symmetries may be expected to apply itself naturally to the study of some models of non-equilibrium statistical physics, or more specifically in the context of recent developments related to the non-relativistic AdS/CFT correspondence.   The study of the structure of this infinite-dimensional Lie algebra touches upon topics as various as statistical physics, vertex algebras, Poisson geometry, integrable systems and supergeometry as well as representation theory, the cohomology of infinite-dimensional Lie algebras, and the spectral theory of Schrödinger operators. .
Lie Groups and Compact Groups
The Detection of Deception in Forensic Contexts
