http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25316 microcontrollers
microcontrollers
HARMONICS OVER POWER LINES MEASUREMENT : Algorithm in C and testing environment
Internet of things : an introduction with PIC microcontrollers
"Arduino is the open source electronics prototyping platform that's taken the design and hobbyist world by storm. This thorough introduction, updated for Arduino 1.0, gives you lots of ideas for projects and helps you work with them right away. From getting organized to putting the final touches on your prototype, all the information you need is here! Inside you'll learn about: Interaction design and physical computing; The Arduino hardware and software development environment; Basics of electricity and electronics; Prototyping on a solderless breadboard; Drawing a schematic diagram"--Page 4 of cover.
Abstract: In this thesis the wireless sensor network feasibility of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller will be analysed. Due to the fast evolving field of embedded wireless applications, this project was initiated by the Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Science in order to provide a platform for future projects. The main part of this thesis will discuss the the nRFgo software development kit and the hardware hardware of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller. Tools that have been used are an integrated development environment provided by the Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences and a C language compiler named SDCC. As a result, this study has deepened the understanding of the hardware and the nRFgo software development kit and their capabilities. The microcontroller has some excellent characteristics that makes it an interesting object in order to build wireless sensor networks. The system on a chip architecure makes it a meaningful tool for sensing and communication. This thesis gives an introduction into wirless sensor networks and the properties of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller with a build in radio frequncy unit, demonstrating the capabilities of this promissing system on a chip microcontroller and enabling further research in the field of wireless embedded networking and wireless sensor networks for the Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences.
AVR RISC microcontroller handbook
Microcontroller systems engineering : 45 projects for PIC, AVR and ARM
PIC in practice : a project-based approach
Designing embedded systems with PIC® microcontrollers : principles and applications
Lego and Arduino projects
Microelectronics packaging handbook. Part 2, Semiconductor packaging
Touch screen demo board
Wireless sensor networks controlled with PIC microcontrollers and Zigbee protocol
PIC microcontrollers : an introduction to microelectronics
Programming 32-bit microcontrollers in C : exploring the PIC32
Getting started with Arduino
8051 microcontrollers : hardware, software and applications
PIC : your personal introductory course
Create 30 PIC microcontroller projects with Flowcode 6
C and the 8051. [1], Hardware, modular programming, and multitasking
Beginning C for Arduino
Microcontroller based PID controller
The TAB book of Arduino projects : 36 things to make with shields and proto shields
Make: basic Arduino projects : 26 experiments with microcontrollers and electronics
Data acquisition system using Atmega128L
A compiled collection of all articles on Ethernet interfaces that have appeared in Elektor Electronics. Complemented with additional documentation and links to introductory articles.
Microcontrollers : fundamentals and applications with PIC
Beginning C for Arduino : learn C programming for the Arduino and compatible microcontrollers
Programming and cutomizing the AVR microcontroller
Arduino and Lego projects
From off-the-shelf to do-it-yourself : an exploration and demonstration of DIY electronics culture with DRUM-O
C and the 8051. 2, Building efficient applications
Microelectronics packaging handbook. Part 1, Technology drivers
The Design of Key Finder Using Bluetooth Low Energy Technology
Development of an Atmel AVR microcontroller card
PIC cookbook for virtual instrumentation
Beginning C for Arduino : learn C programming for the Arduino
Research about wireless sensor network feasibility of the nRF24LE1D microcontroller
Testing and implementing wavelet data compression in wireless sensor system
Mechatronics : principles and applications
Exploring Arduino : tools and techniques for engineering wizardry
MicroC/OS-II : the real-time Kernel
Python for microcontrollers : getting started with MicroPython
Indoor Location Systems based on ZigBee networks
Build your own computer
The insider's guide to the Philips ARM7-based microcontrollers : an engineer's introduction to the LPC2100 series
Bigelow's PC hardware desk reference
Arduino cookbook
Arduino : a technical reference : a handbook for technicians, engineers, and makers
Three-phase Brushless DC Motor Control
Design of a wireless ABS system
Designing embedded hardware
Controlling Bluetooth low energy with Arduino
DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION OF A SMART METER PROTOTYPE USING AVR465 MICROCONTROLLER
Beginning C for Arduino is written for those who have no prior experience with microcontrollers or programming but would like to experiment and learn both. This book introduces you to the C programming language, reinforcing each programming structure with a simple demonstration of how you can use C to control the Arduino family of microcontrollers. Author Jack Purdum uses an engaging style to teach good programming techniques using examples that have been honed during his 25 years of university teaching. Beginning C for Arduino will teach you: The C programming language How to use C to control a microcontroller and related hardware How to extend C by creating your own library routines During the course of the book, you will learn the basics of programming, such as working with data types, making decisions, and writing control loops. You'll then progress onto some of the trickier aspects of C programming, such as using pointers effectively, working with the C preprocessor, and tackling file I/O. Each chapter ends with a series of exercises and review questions to test your knowledge and reinforce what you have learned.
Introduction to microelectronic systems : the PIC 16F84 microcontroller
GSM Remote Control Heater
PIC BASIC projects : 30 projects using PIC BASIC and PIC BASIC PRO
Ethernet toolbox : Elektor designer's companion
An FPGA Music Player
Microcontroller basics
Fast and effective embedded systems design : applying the arm mbed
Real-time C++ : efficient object-oriented and template micro-controller programming
An introduction to AVR microcontrollers : revision 1.0
Mechatronics design and robotics : embedded control, wheeled & insect robots
Getting started with Netduino
ArduinoTM + AndroidTM projects for the evil genius : control arduino with your smartphone or tablet
Understand the core elements of the Arduino programming language. Interact with almost any device that has a remote control. Transfer digital information from sensors to the Arduino device.
Programming and interfacing the 8051 microcontroller
Design, construction and programming of an air quality measurement device
Artificial Intelligence : 23 projects to bring your mictocontroller to life!
Touch Screen Demo Board
Solar charge controller in solar street light
Arduino in Action
ARM based UART data transmission with asymmetric key encryption using RSA algorithm
Arduino workshop : a hands-on introduction with 65 projects
Embedded kit for embedded software simulation and troubleshooting
30 Arduino projects for the evil genius
Programming and customizing the 8051 microcontroller
50 PIC microcontroller projects : for beginners and experts
