http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25359 prosopography
prosopography
Prosopography of Greek Rhetors and Sophists of the Roman Empire
The prosopography of the Neo-Assyrian empire. Volume 3, Part II, Š-Z
Prosopography and onomasticon of Aegean Thrace
Epigraphy, numismatics, prosopography and history of ancient Cyprus : papers in honour of Ino Nicolaou
Some arval brethren
The prosopography and onomastics of Ithaka in antiquity
The prosopography of the Neo-Assyrian empire. Volume 3, part 1, P-Ṣ
The prosopography of the Neo-Assyrian empire. Volume 2, Part 2, L-N
Ancient Beroea : prosopography and society
The prosopography and onomastics of Anthedon (Boiotia)ö in antiquity
The prosopography of the Neo-Assyrian empire. Volume 1, Part 2, B-G
The preliminary prosopography of the Petra papyri : Theodoros son of Obodianos : a case study
Roman names in the Cyclades : Part 1
Biographie und Prosopographie : internationales Kolloquium zum 65. Geburtstag von Anthony R. Birley ; 28. September 2002, Schloss Mickeln, Düsseldorf
The prosopography of the Neo-Assyrian empire. Volume 2, Part 1, Ḫ-K
Between city and king : prosopographical studies on the intermediaries between the cities of the Greek mainland and the Aegean and the royal courts in the Hellenistic period (322-190 BC)
This volume - the first project of its kind in the field - collates c. 1200 biographical entries on Greek sophists and rhetors who flourished in the Roman Empire from the first to the seventh century AD. Ancient Greek sophists, the masters of speech and teachers of rhetoric, constituted one of the most important and interesting intellectual circles of the ancient world. The prosopography provides comprehensive information on sophists and their activities, using abundant and varied source material such as literary texts (including those of the rhetors themselves) and papyrological, epigraphic, and numismatic evidence. Each entry provides data (where available) on sources in which the person is attested, biographical details, career, and rhetorical activity.
Navicularii et Negotiantes : a prosopographical study of Roman merchants and shippers
Medieval lives and the historian : studies in medieval prosopography
In search of the first Venetians : prosopography of early medieval Venice
The volume provides a prosopography of Roman businessmen involved in business in the western part of the Mediterranean and present in epigraphy, mainly in the shape of tituli picti, amphorae stoppers, and anchors, but also in monumental epigraphy. This limits the chronological range of this analysis to the final two centuries of the Roman Republic and the first three of the Imperial Age. The book is not designed to be read from front to cover, but as a starting point or point of reference for anyone working on the nature of Roman business. It provides data on commercial partnerships, professional specialisation, family firms, the structure of agency as well as the close relationship between production and distribution. It also reveals facts of anecdotic value such as the extreme misfortune of a shipper whose name is found inscribed on the anchors of three different wrecks. The volume is organised by the various types of merchants, such as negotiatores, negotiantes, mercatores, nautae, utriclarii, navicularii, naucleri, propolae, poletai, emporoi, kapeloi, vinarii, frumentarii and [diffusores] olearii. This is followed by chapters on the three main types of small epigraphic sources and an index of names.
The prosopography of the Neo-Assyrian empire. Volume 1, Part 1, A
Prosopography approaches and applications : a handbook
The study of ancient Greek prosopography
