http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25335 neuropsychologists
neuropsychologists
"Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world. From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives--affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
Biological and neuropsychological mechanisms : life-span developmental psychology
Fundamentals of human neuropsychology
Handbook of cognitive neuroscience
Neuropsychology of memory
Unilateral neglect : clinical and experimental studies
An assessment guide to geriatric neuropsychology
Handbook of neuropsychology. Vol. 4, [Section 7: The commissurotomized brain ; Section 8: Aging and dementia (Part 1)]
Simple minds
Social : why our brains are wired to connect
Psychoneuroimmunology : interactions between brain, nervous system, behavior, endocrine and immune system
Biological psychology : an introduction to behavioral, cognitive, and clinical neuroscience
What is pathological if normal adults demonstrate erroneous responses in neuropsychological praxis examinations?
Clinical significance of test item refusals among young children
Timing of behavior : neural, psychological, and computational perspectives
A dictionary of neuropsychology
The man without a shadow : a novel
Case studies in the neuropsychology of memory
Touch : the science of hand, heart, and mind
The rest principle : a neurophysiological theory of behavior
Musical activities and the development of neural sound discrimination
Neuropsychological rehabilitation
Mild head injury : relation to cognition, dementia, fatigue & genetics
Neural organization : structure, function, and dynamics
Facets of dyslexia and its remediation
The psychology of consciousness
Behavioral neuroscientists study the behavior of animals and humans and the neurobiological and physiological processes that control it. Behavior is the ultimate function of the nervous system, and the study of it is very multidisciplinary. Disorders of behavior in humans touch millions of people's lives significantly, and it is of paramount importance to understand pathological conditions such as addictions, anxiety, depression, schizophrenia, autism among others, in order to be able to develop new treatment possibilities.
Biological psychology
Word fluency : automatic vs. effortful retrieval
This is the fully revised and updated second edition of the very successful introductory textbook on cognitive neuroscience. Written by two leading experts in the field, this textbook book takes a unique thematic approach to introduce concepts of cognitive neurosciences, guiding students along a clear path to understand the latest findings whether or not they have a background in neuroscience. New to this edition are Frontiers in Cognitive Neuroscience text boxes; each one focuses on a leading researcher and their topic of expertise. There is a new chapter on Genes and Molecules of Cognition, and all other chapters have been thoroughly revised, based on the most recent discoveries. This title is the new edition of a very successful textbook. It is completely revised to reflect new advances, and feedback from adopters and students. It includes a new chapter on Genes and Molecules of Cognition. For teachers: Rapid adoption and course preparation - a wide array of instructor support materials are available online including PowerPoint lecture slides, a test bank with answers, and eFlashcords on key concepts for each chapter. It is a textbook with an easy-to-understand thematic approach: in a way that is clear for students from a variety of academic backgrounds, the text introduces concepts such as working memory, selective attention, and social cognition. It includes a step-by-step guide for introducing students to brain anatomy: color graphics have been carefully selected to illustrate all points and the research explained. Beautifully clear artist's drawings are used to 'build a brain' from top to bottom, simplifying the layout of the brain. For students: This is an easy-to-read, complete introduction to mind-brain science: all chapters begin from mind-brain functions and build a coherent picture of their brain basis. A single, widely accepted functional framework is used to capture the major phenomena.
Early development and adult cognitive function in schizophrenia and the general population—a longitudinal perspective
Principles of behavioral neuroscience
Handbook of chemical neuroanatomy. Vol. 18, Glutamate
The nervous body : na introduction to the autonomic nervous system and behaviour
Into the silent land : travels in neuropsychology
The human psyche : the GIFFORD lectures, University of Edingburgh 1978-1979
How to create a mind : the secret of human thought revealed
Handbook of neuropsychology. Vol. 8, part 1, Child neuropsychology, part 1
Executive functions are impaired in spinocerebellar ataxia type 8
Neuropsychology for occupational therapists : cognition in occupational performance
Altered egos : how the brain creates the self
Mind hacks : tips & tools for using your brain
Emotion : pleasure and pain in the brain
"The New York Times bestselling author examines how our sense of touch and emotion are interconnected   Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world.  From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives-affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
Handbook of clinical and experimental neuropsychology
Fast oscillations in cortical circuits
The handbook of brain theory and neural networks
The unity of consciousness : binding, integration, and dissociation
Picasso's brain
Encyclopedia of behavioral neuroscience
Handbook of neuropsychology. Vol. 1
Handbook of neuropsychology. Vol. 3, [Section 5: Memory and its disorders ; Section 6: Emotional behavior and its disorders]
Hardwiring happiness : the new brain science of contentment, calm, and confidence
Handbook of neuropsychology. Volume 5
Mapping the mind
Neuropsychology : a clinical approach
Integrated semantic processing of complex pictures and spoken sentences : evidence from event-related potentials
The executive brain : frontal lobes and the civilized mind
Handbook of neuropsychology. Volume 4
The social brain : discovering the networks of the mind
The quantified process approach to neuropsychological assessment
A moment of transition : two neuroscientific articles
Brain and behavior : An introduction to
Biological substrates of human sexuality
Effects of a 10-week aerobic exercise intervention on physical fitness, cognition and preattentive sensory processing of aging women
Human cognitive neuropsychology : a textbook with readings
Brain and behaviour. 2, Perception and action : selected readings
Meditation - neuroscientific approaches and philosophical implications
Introducing mind & brain
Bridging research and practice in clinical neuropsychology : INS Mid-Year Meeting 2009, 29 July-1 August 2009, Helsinki, Finland and Tallinn, Estonia : program and abstracts
Dyslexia and reading : a neuropsychological approach
Normality and pathology in cognitive functions
Clinical neuropsychology : excursions into the field in Finland
Child neuropsychology : an introduction to theory, research, and clinical practice
Development of event-related potentials (ERPS) in infants and preschool children with and without familial risk for dyslexia
The Hippocampal and parietal foundations of spatial cognition
Extreme fear : the science of your mind in danger
The cortical neuron
Neurobehavioral test battery of the Institute of Occupational Health
Dyslexia : its neuropsychology and treatment
The neuropsychology of everyday life : assessment and basic competencies
Neuropsychology : the neural bases of mental function
Zbornik v spomin na akademika Jožeta Trontlja : prispevki s srečanja v spomin na akademika Jožeta Trontlja, 5. decembra 2014 v dvorani Slovenske akademije znanosti in umetnosti = The Jože Trontelj Memorial proceedings : addresses from the Jože Trontelj Memorial, 5 December 2014 at the Great Hall of the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts
Consciousness lost and found : a neuropscychological exploration
Handbook of chemical neuroanatomy. Vol. 19, Immediate early genes and inducible transcription factors in mapping of the central nervous system function and dysfunction
Early development and adult cognitive function in schizophrenia and the general population : a longitudinal perspective
Neuropsychology : the study of brain and behavior
The cognitive neuropsychology of attention
Measuring the Willingness To Purchase using methods of neuromarketing
Cognition, brain, and consciousness : introduction to cognitive neuroscience
The neuropsychology of consciousness
