http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25395 nonprescription drugs
nonprescription drugs
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 1.
Risks associated with over the counter mediacation : a literature review
Children's health, self-care and the use of self-medication : a population-based study in Finland
The influence of informational and emotional advertising appeals on advertising effectiveness : consumers' perspective on the over-the-counter product advertisements in Finland
Use of medicines in children : a perspective on drug-related problems
Over the counter medication have been used for generations. Some countries allow all kinds of medication as over the counter medication while other countries have clear line on prescribed medication and over the counter medication. Over the counter medication are affordable, easily accessible and permit the use of autonomy in self care or self treatment. However misuse or long term use of over the counter medication may pose risks to human health. The purpose of the theses is to find out what are the commonly used over the counter medications with their associated risks.  The aim of the thesis is to produce evidence based knowledge for health care personnel about over the counter medication. Method used is a literature review. 5 researched articles were reviewed so as to answer the research question. The research question was: What are the commonly used over the Counter (OTC) medication and its associated risks? The result shows that commonly used  over the counter (OTC) medication were  anti-platelets, anti-acids, pain medications, cough, cold and flu medications, calcium supplement, vitamins and laxatives. Risks to human health were due to drug interaction with other drugs, long term use, drug abuse and misuse. In conclusion, health care personnel should ensure that over the counter (OTC) medication users get appropriate advice or information on their non prescription medication and substance use prevention program to include information on over the counter (OTC) and prescription drugs on their investigations to curb adolescent risk behaviors.
