http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25397 petroleum industry
petroleum industry
Indigenous peoples rights and conflict-situation in the oil-producing states of Nigeria : the globalization connection and activities of the multinationals
Arctic oil and gas : sustainability at risk?
Blood oil : tyrants, violence, and the rules that run the world
The new kings of crude : China, India, and the global struggle for oil in Sudan and South Sudan
Upstream law and regulation : a global guide
Kazakhstan's new economy : post-Soviet, central Asian industries in a global era
The oil curse : how petroleum wealth shapes the development of nations
The king of oil : the secret lives of Marc Rich
International petroleum exploration and exploitation agreements : legal, economic & policy aspects
This paper investigates in a combined theoretical and empirical approach the interrelatedness of job satisfaction and distance between home and workplace under long-distance commuting conditions. After discussing the concepts of long-distance commuting and job satisfaction on a theoretical level, the focus is on the situation of employees working in Russia's oil industry. The empirical analysis is based on questionnaire data from a survey that captures employees' experiences in an oil company, which operates in the Komi Republic and Nenets Autonomous District. The paper reveals factors influencing the perception of and dealing with commuting distances reaching up to several thousand kilometres. The influence of differences in the organisation and length of shifts and in the compensation for travel expenses is analysed in detail. Ultimately, the goal of this research is to find out whether or not commuting distances face upper constraints concerning employees' job satisfaction and to discuss potential implications for developments in remote areas. The results show that growing commuting distance does not necessarily cause lower job satisfaction. Instead, a more important factor in this respect is the organisation of long-distance commuting in a way that meets the understanding and needs of the involved employees and gives room for individual coping strategies.
The East moves West : India, China, and Asia's growing presence in the Middle East
Africa's new oil : power, pipelines and future fortunes
The political economy of Russian oil
The lamp
The international petrochemical industry : evolution and location
Those in peril
The changing forms of identity politics in Nigeria under economic adjustment: the case of the oil minorities movement of the Niger delta: a report from the research programme: The political and Social Context of Structural Adjustment in Africa, : Cyril I. Obi
Risk management in residental construction projects for oil and gas industry in iran
John D. Rockefeller : the heroic age of American enterprise. 1
The big flatline : oil and the no-growth economy
Shifting geo-economic power of the Gulf : oil, finance and institutions
Advancement on Drilling Technology in Petroleum Industry
Oil on Water
States and markets in hydrocarbon sectors
Tourism and oil : preparing for the challenge
An introduction to petroleum technology, economics, and politics
Oil analysis in machine diagnostics
In too deep : BP and the drilling race that took it down
Oil on water : tankers, pirates and the rise of China
The politics of energy and memory between the Baltic States and Russia
Integrating social concerns into private sector decisionmaking: A review of corporate practices in the mining, oil and gas sectors
Oil and honey : the education of unlikely activist
Determining trading profitability in the oil industry
Managing petroleum resources : the 'Norwegian model' in a broad perspective
Drowning in oil : BP and the reckless pursuit of profit
Oil industry in Komi and related sustainability challenges
"Details the growing interdependence of the Middle East and Asia and its likely ramifications. Particular attention is given to India and China, which have a strong interest in trade--especially in oil and natural gas--with the Middle East and Central Asia"--Provided by publisher.
The end of the monsoon
Peeking at peak oil
Corporate responses to EU emissions trading : resistance, innovation or responsibility?
Natural resource governance and EITI implementation in Nigeria
Petrochemical America
As feedstocks to refineries change, there must be an accompanying change in refinery technology. This means a movement from conventional means of refining heavy feedstocks using (typically) coking technologies to more innovative processes that will coax the last drips of liquid fuels from the feedstock. This book presents the evolution of refinery processes during the last century and as well as the means by which refinery processes will evolve during the next three-to-five decades. Chapters contain material relevant to (1) comparisons of current feedstocks with heavy oil and bio-feedstocks; (2) evolution of refineries since the 1950s, (3) properties and refinability of heavy oil and bio-feedstocks, (4) thermal processes vs. hydroprocesses, and (5) evolution of products to match the environmental market. Process innovations that have influenced refinery processing over the past three decades are presented, as well as the relevant patents that have the potential for incorporation into future refineries.-- back cover.
Carbon democracy : political power in the age of oil
The oil industry in Uganda : a blessing in disguise or an all too familiar curse?
Visit sunny Chernobyl : and other adventures in the world's most polluted places
European oil industry guideline for riskbased assessment of contaminated sites (revised)
John D. Rockefeller : the heroic age of American enterprise. 2
The squeeze : oil, money and greed in the twenty-first century
Oil empire : visions of prosperity in Austrian Galicia
Introduction to peak oil
Materials on international petroleum transactions
Natural resources empower the world's most coercive men. Authoritarians like Putin and the Saudis spend oil money on weapons and repression. ISIS and the Congo's militias spend resource money on atrocities and ammunition. For decades, resource-fueled autocrats and extremists have forced endless crises on the West—and the ultimate source of their resource money is us, paying at the gas station and the mall. Blood oil goes behind the headlines in search of the hidden global rule that puts shoppers into business with these men of blood. Readers discover the ancient legal rule that once licensed the slave trade and colonialism, apartheid and genocide: the brutal rule of "might makes right." The abolition of this rule marked some of humanity's greatest triumphs—yet the rule zombies on in today's multi-trillion dollar resource trade, enriching tyrants, warlords, and terrorists worldwide. By our own deepest principles, might cannot make right. Therefore, today most of the world's traded oil is stolen oil. Blood Oil shows how the West can lead a peaceful global revolution by ending its dependence on the authoritarians who are stealing their countries' oil, and by getting out of business with the militias who are plundering their countries' minerals. Leading with a strategy of integrity to upgrade world trade will make us more secure at home and more trusted abroad; it will detoxify our politics and make us better able to solve urgent problems like climate change. Blood Oil shows how citizens, consumers, and leaders can act today to avert tomorrow's crises—and how we can together create a more united human future.
Environmental requirements for industrial permitting. Vol. 2, OECD Workshop on the Use of Best Available Technologies and Environmental Quality Objectives, Paris, 9-11 May 1996.
Multinational oil companies and corporate social responsibility in developing countries : a case study of Shell in the Niger Delta, Nigeria
Since Spindletop : a human story of Gulf's first half-century
Corporate social responsibility in the oil and gas industry : environmental management systems as a source of susteinable advantage
Oil and revolution in Mexico
Spills and spin : the inside story of BP
Oili : Neste Oil's in-house magazine
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
The emissary
The development of Africa's oil has greatly accelerated in recent years, with some countries looking at the prospect of almost unimaginable flows of money into their national budgets. But the story of African oil has usually been associated with conflict, corruption and disaster, with older producers such as Nigeria having little to show for the many billions of dollars they've earned. In this eye-opening book, former BBC correspondent Celeste Hicks questions the inevitability of the so-called resource curse, revealing what the discovery of oil means for ordinary Africans, and how China's involvement could mean a profound change in Africa's relationship with the West. --Provided by publisher.
In their Natural Resource Governance and EITI Implementation in Nigeria, Musa Abutudu and Dauda Garuba provide the most up-to-date and in-depth analysis of the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI), providing a balanced yet critical evaluation of its performance, limitations and potential as an institution for helping Africa's largest oil exporter to escape the so called resource curse and lay a firm basis for sustainable development. This Current African Issue contains valuable insights and information that will be of interest to all those with a keen interest in institutionalising transparency and accountability in natural resource governance in Africa.
The world after cheap oil
Contract Lifecycle Management on the sell-side : a case study in upstream Oil and Gas industry
Optimal financing policy of the firm : a control-theoretic approach applied to selected oil-product distribution firms
"This book is the first to examine oil constraints and tourism, and addresses one of the key challenges for the tourism industry in the future. It provides an estimate of how much oil tourism consumes globally and summarises state-of-the-art information on oil resources, oil data and public discourse. The volume also offers an analysis of the economic implications of increasing oil prices for tourism and discusses key dimensions relevant for tourism in a post peak oil world. It will be useful for tourism stakeholders globally, postgraduate students in tourism and resource management, ecological economists and those researching issues of resource efficiency, carrying capacity and global environmental change."--Publisher's website.
The first oil boom : Baku in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
China - Africa relations : review and analysis. Volume 1
The energy world is flat : opportunities from the end of peak oil
The depths of Russia : oil, power, and culture after socialism
Rapeseed : chemistry and technology
Iraq and the international oil system : why America went to war in the Gulf
Novel concepts on the recovery of by-products from alkaline pulping
Profitability in forestry and in some other selected sectors based on the national accounts in Norway
The secret world of oil
Terra nova : the new world after oil, cars, and suburbs
Governance culture and economic behaviour of Russian corporations : (taking for example the oil and gas sector)
Extreme conditions : big oil and the transformation of Alaska
Determinants of gasoline consumption
Oil industry : importance, risks, stakes and future
The politics of oil-producer cooperation
Blending together natural history, architecture, chemistry, and politics, a senior conservation ecologist presents a roadmap for renewing economic growth, revitalizing communities, and creating a sustainable environment.
Assessing the socioeconomic impacts arising from oil pollutions in the Niger Delta Region of Nigeria : including proposals for solution
Without mercy
Neste : from oil to plastics
How do we stand? : people, planet & profits : the Shell report 2000.
Oil Discovery in Ghana : A blessing or a curse?
Crude chronicles : indigenous politics, multinational oil, and neoliberalism in Ecuador
Consumption & lies : corporate globalization, anthropology & the Niger Delta
Trillion dollar baby : how Norway beat the oil giants and won a lasting fortune
The Arctic in world affairs : a North Pacific dialogue on the future of the Arctic
Oils of nature
Regulation of the upstream petroleum sector : a comparative study of licensing and concession systems
Neste from oil to plastics
Offshore : a North Sea journey
Change in Putin's Russia : power, money and people
Oil panic and the global crisis : predictions and myths
The political economy of oil
The refinery of the future
Export pipelines from the CIS region : geopolitics, securitization, and political decision-making
International Arctic petroleum cooperation : Barents Sea scenarios
Investment Climate of the Russian Federation and Its Petroleum Industry
Distance between home and workplace as a factor for job satisfaction in the North-West Russian oil industry
Oil extraction in extreme remoteness : the organization of work and long-distance commuting in Russia’s northern resource peripheries
Resource curse and post-Soviet Eurasia : oil, gas, and modernization
The oil industry of the former Soviet Union : reserves and prospects, extraction, transportation
Treasure of Khan : [a Dirk Pitt novel]
