http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25374 circumstances
circumstances
Honduras : state for sale
Luxury and austerity : papers read before the 23rd Irish Conference of Historians held at St Patrick's College, Maynooth, 16-18 May 1997
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 5, Life-cycle costing
The social history of English seamen, 1485-1649
Forgive and forget
Women in ancient Greece : a sourcebook
Occupational psychology
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 10, When to assess functional performance
Culture and society in tourism contexts
Is Finland different? Quality of Work Among Finnish and European Employees
Social problems in Africa : new visions
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 3, Performance audits and reviews
Khanty : people of the taiga : surviving the twentieth century
Business in Africa : corporate insights
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 1, General principles and framework
A re-reading of Pearl S. Buck's The good earth from social and historical perspectives
Working in cold conditions
The dreamtime society
Socio-geographic problems and differences in northern Fennoscandia
33 artists in 3 acts
Revolution Detroit : strategies for urban reinvention
Sudan, South Sudan, and Darfur : what everyone needs to know
Packed with case studies highlighting construction companies that regularly recycle between 70% and 95% of concrete from their waste streams, this book presents practical, up-to-date information about concrete's history in the green building movement, state of the art methodologies, and current best practices. Using the USGBC LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) green building assessment standard, the book covers site, energy, water, materials, indoor environmental quality, construction, and demolition waste protocols and provides information on tracking the LEED requirements to assure timely building certification. It also addresses non-LEED issues, such as flo od and fire protection benefits.
Playing with labour rights : music player and game console manufacturing in China
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 7, Performance evaluation for feedback of service life data from practice
The lives of transgender people
Coping with poverty : adaptive strategies in a Caribbean village
Home for Christmas
Dangerous days in Elizabethan England : a history of the terrors and the torments, the dirt, diseases and deaths suffered by our ancestors
The work of several social scientists, from different interdisciplinary backgrounds, over numerous years is documented using multiple research techniques to observe cultures and societies as they occur in daily practices. This analysis discovers how tourism characterizes the daily lives of social groups living in tourists' destinations and how it offers a distinctive sense of collective memories, thus unfolding cultures and societies in tourism contexts.
Cross-regional analysis of population aging in the Arctic
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Climate change and human well-being
Climate change and boreal rivers:predicting present-day patterns and future changes in hydrological regime and its effects on river communities
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 9, Guidance on assessment of service-life data
"The contributors to Literary Cartographies: Spatiality, Representation, and Narrative each address key aspects of narrative mapping while arguing for the significance of spatiality in general and comparative literary studies. Literary Cartographies surveys a broad expanse of literary historical territories, including romance and realism, modernism and imperialism, and the postmodern play of spaces in the era of globalization. As such, this collection also provides a representative sample of work being done in this area by spatially oriented critics across a range of periods, languages, and literatures".
Chinese workers in comparative perspective
The study of women in the ancient Mediterranean world is a topic of growing interest among classicists and ancient historians, and also students of history, sociology and women's studies. This volume is an essential resource supplying a compilation of source material in translation, with suggestions for further reading, a general bibliography, and an index of ancient authors and works. Texts come from literary, rhetorical, philosophical and legal sources, as well as papyri and inscriptions, and each text will be placed into the cultural mosaic to which it belongs. Ranging geographically from the Greek mainland and the communities along the eastern shores of the Mediterranean, to Egypt and the Greek West (modern day southern Italy and Sicily), the volume follows a clear chronological structure. Beginning in the eighth century BCE the coverage continues through Archaic and Classical Athens concluding with the Hellenistic era.
Housing solutions to aid refugee integration
Green building with concrete : sustainable design and construction
Optical emission from electric arc furnaces
Industrial democracy : the sociology of participation
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Integrating intelligent sensors into the EVO distributed intelligence platform
Social failures of EU enlargement : a case of workers voting with their feet
Condition of Indian peasantry
Ethnic minorities in Britain
Phony equality : labour standards of mobile phone manufactures in India
Environmental management for collections : alternative conservation strategies for hot and humid climates
Ethical problems in work and working environment contexts
Development and application of enzymatic substrate feeding strategies for small-scale microbial cultivations:applied for <em>Escherichia coli</em>, <em>Pichia pastoris</em>, and <em>Lactobacillus salivarius</em> cultivations
The quality of silence
Providing the most recent information about concrete's history in the green building movement, state-of-the-art methodologies and best practices, this book may be considered a textbook for university courses and industry education; a handbook to help building owners obtain green certification; a reference for industry professionals seeking an overview of the subject of concrete and green buildings; and as a guide to professionals in the building materials/products industries. The concept of green buildings is in the process of emerging from a decade long effort to define itself, and this book offers an overview of all of the available information.
Problems of definition and geographical differentation of the Subarctic with special regard to northern Europe
Bowling alone : the collapse and revival of American community
A social history of the English working classes 1815-1945
Ninety degrees North : the quest for the North Pole
Practical building conservation, Building environment
Racial formation in the United States : from the 1960s to the 1990s
Green from the ground up : a builder's guide : sustainable, healthy, and energy-efficient home construction
Conservation of cultural heritage, Guidelines for management of environmental conditions. Open storage facilities: definitions and characteristics of collection centres dedicated to the preservation and management of cultural heritage
Excursions into everyday spaces : mapping aesthetic potentiality of urban environments through preaesthetic sensitivities
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 6, Procedures for considering environmental impacts
Industrializing Africa : development options and challenges for the 21st century
Children's emotions in policy and practice : mapping and making spaces of childhood
Thermal adaptation on an elevational gradient in Malagasy dung beetles
Climate change and boreal rivers : predicting present-day patterns and future changes in hydrological regime and its effects on river communities
Institutions and the geography of innovation : a regional perspective
Literary cartographies : spatiality, representation, and narrative
Rich lands and poor : the road to world prosperity
The most southern place on earth : The Mississippi Delta and the roots of regional identity./ James C. Cobb
Climate change is increasing the severity of disasters and adverse weather conditions worldwide, with particularly devastating effects on developing countries and on individuals with lower resources. Climate change is likely to impact mental health and psychosocial well-being via multiple pathways, leading to new challenges. Direct effects such as gradual environmental changes, higher temperatures, and natural disasters, are likely to lead to more indirect consequences such as social and economic stressors, population displacement, and conflict. Climate change, largely the product of industrialized nations, is projected to magnify existing inequalities and to impact the most vulnerable, including those with low resources, individuals living in developing countries and specific populations such as women, children and those with pre-existing disabilities. This book outlines areas of impact on human well being, consider specific populations, and shed light on mitigating the impact of climate change. Recommendations discuss ways of strengthening community resilience, building on local capacities, responding to humanitarian crises, as well as conducting research and evaluation projects in diverse settings.
Efficient, more efficient, exhausted : finding[s] of Finnish quality of work life surveys 1977-1997
China in and beyond the headlines
Climatic pecularities of the North Calotte
Abstract: Net photosynthesis and its dependence on temperature, light and moisture have been studied in Rhacomitrium lanuginosus (Hedw.) Brid. strains from Spitsbergen, Finnish Lapland, S Finland, W Norway, the British Isles, Austrian Alps and from S Georgia. The effect of freezing was also studied...
Job redesign : critical perspectives on the labour process
In this volume experts provide insights into critical issues of culture, economy, politics, and society in today's China. In sixteen new essays, they address such key topics as civil society, consumerism, environmental adversity, ethnic tension, the Internet, legal reform, new media and social networking, nationalist tourism, sex and popular culture, as well the costs of urban gigantism to portray the complexity of life in contemporary China-and how, increasingly, it speaks to the everyday experience of Americans.
Half the sky : turning oppression into opportunity for women worldwide
Development and application of enzymatic substrate feeding strategies for small-scale microbial cultivations : applied for Escherichia coli, Pichia pastoris, and Lactobacillus salivarius cultivations
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 2, Service life prediction procedures
Climate for collections : standards and uncertainties / edited by Jonathan Ashley-Smith, Andreas Burmester and  Melanie Eibl
Only beautiful, please : a British diplomat in North Korea
Perspectives on modern South Asia : a reader in culture, history, and representation
Political and social upheaval, 1832-1852
Women and death : representations of female victims and perpetrators in German culture 1500-2000
The superpowers : the United States and the Soviet Union compared
Is the EU enlargement the success EU institutions proclaim? Based on fifteen years of fieldwork research across Central and Eastern Europe and on migrants in the UK and Germany, this book provides a less glittering answer. The EU has betrayed hopes of social cohesion: social regulations have been forgotten, multinationals use threats of relocations, and workers, left without institutional channels to voice their concerns, have reacted by leaving their countries en masse. Yet migration, for many, increases social vulnerability. Drawing on Hirschman's concepts of 'Exit' and 'Voice', the book traces the origins of such failures in the management of EU enlargement as a pure economic and market-creating exercise, neglecting the inherently political nature of labour relations. The reinforcement of market mechanisms without political counterbalances has resulted in an increase in opportunistic 'exit' behaviour by both employers and employees, and thereby in a worsening quality of democracy, at workplace, national and European levels. As a result of this process, the EU has become more similar to the North American Free Trade Agreement between USA, Canada and Mexico, where social rights are marginalized and economic integration does not translate into better development.
UNICEF : annual report 1998.
The Skolt Lapps : on their way of life and present-day living conditions
New patterns of work reform : the case of Norway
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 8, Reference service life and service-life estimation
Social change in Soviet Russia
Poverty and welfare in England, 1700-1850 : a regional perspective
Ecology of Rhacomitrium lanuginosum (Hedw.) Brid
Glaciochemical evidence of spatial and temporal environmental variability across Svalbard
Where children sleep
"The Whole Building Handbook is a compendium of all the issues and strategies that architects need to understand to design and construct sustainable buildings for a sustainable society. The authors move beyond the current definition of sustainability in architecture, which tends to focus on energy-efficiency, to include guidance for architecture that promotes social cohesion, personal health, renewable energy sources, water and waste recycling systems, permaculture, energy conservation - and crucially, buildings in relation to their place. The authors offer a holistic approach to sustainable architecture and authoritative technical advice, on: How to design and construct healthy buildings, through choosing suitable materials, healthy service systems, and designing a healthy and comfortable indoor climate, including solutions for avoiding problems with moisture, radon and noise as well as how to facilitate cleaning and maintenance ; How to design and construct buildings that use resources efficiently, where heating and cooling needs and electricity use is minimized and water-saving technologies and garbage recycling technologies are used ; How to 'close' organic waste, sewage, heat and energy cycles. For example, how to design a sewage system that recycles nutrients ; Includes a section on adaptation of buildings to local conditions, looking at how a site must be studied with respect to nature, climate and community structure as well as human activities. The result is a comprehensive, thoroughly illustrated and carefully structured textbook and reference."
The agency of children : from family to global human rights
Disorderly conduct : visions of gender in Victorian America
Resilient teachers, resilient schools : building and sustaining quality in testing times
The whole building handbook : how to design healthy, efficient and sustainable buildings
Comparative industrial relations in Europe
The unseen
Potatoes postharvest
Living and working in Europe
Secular trend in the adult height of Skolt Lapps: studies in 1915, 1934, and 1968 of stature changes at population and familial level in a genetic isolate
Economic and social effects of multinational enterprises in export processing zones
Essays in European economic history, 1500-1800
Childhood determinants of later health
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Reactions of Alkenes and Alkynes with an Acyclic Silylene and Heavier Tetrylenes under Ambient Conditions
Youth in the Roman Empire : the young and the restless years?
Working-life research in Finland
In the mid-nineteenth century the North Pole was a mystery. Explorers who tried to penetrate the real icy wastes failed or died. But after Sir John Franklin disappeared with all his men in 1845, serious efforts began to be made to find the true Northernmost point of the globe. The new explorers included Elisha Kane, a sickly man and useless commander, who led his team close to death in 1854, and Charles Hall, a printer from Ohio. Hall made the mistake of taking an experienced crew, who refused to commit suicide for him. Their mutiny so enraged Hall that he died of a stroke, and some of his crew escaped south on an ice-floe. They were followed by the Germans, newly united and eager for their place in the ice, the Austro-Hungarians, and the British, who in 1876 managed to get further than any other expedition, travelling over terrain later explorers considered impassable. They left the field to the Norwegians, to expeditions organized by the American tabloid press, Swedish baloonists, aristocratic Italians and finally to the obsessive Robert Peary, who on one trip took his pregnant wife with him in order to set a record for the most northerly birth in history. He finally made it in 1909.
Advanced welding technologies used for arctic metal structures
Darkness before daybreak : African migrants living on the margins in southern Italy today
Northscapes : history, technology and the making of northern environments
Analysis of healthy nearly zero energy buildings in Europe : the interplay of low-energy buildings and indoor environment quality
