http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25355 game programming
game programming
20 games to create with Scratch
Technology trees and tools : constructing development graphs for digital games
Learning C# by Developing Games with Unity 3D : Learn the fundamentals of C# to create scripts for your GameObjects
Snipe Bob: A Game for Android Mobile Phone
From sprites to models : graphic technologies for independent game developers : case: Opioid Interactive
Beginning HTML5 games with CreateJS
Scratch is a beginner-friendly programming environment popular in schools around the world. Its playful, intuitive interface uses colorful programming blocks and cartoon sprites to make real programming more approachable. Majed Marji shows how much you can do with Scratch and teaches essential, universal programming concepts along the way.
The subject of this thesis was to produce a plug-in for the Unity engine that generates three dimensional planetary terrain models suitable to be used in game development. The plug-in has three main parts: a node editor tool within Unity editor that enables visual design of noise functions to be used on the surface, a robust code for generating 3D models during runtime and a dynamic level of detail system. This thesis details the techniques used and the results of the project. The work was based on previous knowledge learned during creating a similar application using Java. The work was implemented using the Unity engine with C# programming language in MonoDevelop development environment. The work resulted in a working plug-in that was released in the Unity Asset Store.
Sams teach yourself Windows Phone 7 game programming in 24 hours
Implementation of the bicyclegame
Need-based artificial intelligence for a computer game : case Spaceship Captain -prototype
iOS game development : developing games for iPad, iPhone, and iPod Touch
The art of computer game design
World of Warcraft programming : a guide and reference for creating WoW addons
Game development for iOS with Unity3D
Unity 2D Game Development : combine classic 2D with today's technology to build great games with Unity's latest 2D tools / Dave Calabrese
Online game interactivity theory
Xna 4.0 game development by example : beginner ́s guide
Rapid Roller: A Game For Windows Phone
Practical game development with unity and blender
Flash 10 multiplayer game essentials : create exciting real-time multiplayer games using Flash
Beginning HTML5 Games with CreateJS provides a hands-on approach to get you up and running withthe most comprehensive tools available for HTML5 Canvas game development.Whether you are brand new to making games or an experienced game developer,you'll learn to fully utilize the CreateJS suite to bring your new or existing game techniques to desktop and mobile devices. Thisbook covers everything from creating graphics in HTML5 Canvas, to capturinguser input (whether from keyboard, mouse, or touch), to using a state machinefor efficient game control. There are practical (and fun) examples throughout the book, with four full game projects, including a mobile RPG. The book alsocovers optimizing your games for mobile and publishing them to app stores. HTML5 games are growing more and more popular, and the demand for HTML5 Canvas skillsis on the rise. The CreateJS suite is a powerful toolset that will help youmanage Canvas drawing and animations, asset loading, sound management, complextweening, and much more. Using these robust libraries, you can build powerfuland engaging games that reach a wide range of audiences and devices.
HTML5 game development insights
Beginning iOS 3D unreal games development
From sprites to models : case: Opioid Interactive
XNA 3.0 game programming recipes : a problem-solution approach
Holistic game development with Unity : an all-in-one guide to implementing game mechanics, art, design, and programming
Computer coding for kids : a unique step-by-step visual guide, from binary code to building games
C++ game development cookbook : over 90 recipes to get you creating modern, fast, and high-quality games with C++
The game jam survival guide  : build a game in one crazy weekend and survive to tell the tale!
SFML game development : learn how to use SFML 2.0 to develop your own feature-packed game
Beginning DirectX 11 Game Programming
Multi-threaded game engine design
An introduction to Unreal Engine 4
Jump start CoffeeScript
Game physics pearls
"The number of publications dealing with video game studies has exploded over the course of the last decade, but the field has not yet produced a comprehensive reference work. The Routledge Companion to Video Game Studies, by well-known video game scholars Mark Wolf and Bernard Perron, aims to address the on-going theoretical and methodological development of game studies, providing students, scholars, and game designers with a definitive look at contemporary video game studies. Features include: -comprehensive and interdisciplinary models and approaches for analyzing video games; -new perspectives on video games both as art form and cultural phenomenon; -explorations of technical and creative dimensions of video games; -accounts of the economical, political, social, and cultural dynamics of video games"--
Microsoft XNA game studio 2.0 : learn programming now!
Unity Networking : Developing a single player game into a multiplayer game
Data structures for game programmers
Learning C# by developing games with Unity 3D : learn the fundamentals of C# to create scripts for your GameObjects
Developing a game engine with SDL
Learning C# by programming games
Mobile game design essentials : a useful and detailed resource for designing games for mobile devices
Computer coding games for kids
Designing a guiding and tutorial free beginning for a 3D role-playing game
Unity 3.x game development essentials : game development with C# and Javascript : build fully functional, professional 3D games with realistic environments, sound, dynamic effects, and more!
Creating a chat room using Unity Game Development Tool
Mathematics for 3D game programming and computer graphics
Classic game design : from Pong to Pac-Man with Unity
HTML5 game engines : app development and distribution
Learning Unity Android game development : learn to create stunning Android games using Unity
Unreal engine 4 game development in 24 hours
HTML5 games : creating fun with HTML5, CSS3, and WebGL
Game programming all in one
Real-time rendering trics and techniques in directX
Getting started with Unity 5.x 2D game development : build a tower defense game and earn delectable C# treats by baking cupcakes and fighting fearsome sweet-toothed pandas
The purpose of this thesis is to develop a cross-platform mobile game and to highlight main aspects of the development process. Game project does not have any commissioner company and no specific requirements. In theoretical part of this thesis main cross-platform development frameworks will be compared and main challenges of mobile development will be defined. In practical part the process of development will be described. The practical outcome of the development will be evaluated, the Glow Hockey 3D game submission to mobile app stores; user’s feedback and download rates will be reviewed, and technical aspects of using cross-platform software development tools will be evaluated.
Game programming algorithms and techniques : a platform-agnostic approach
Beginning IOS 5 games development : using the IOS 5 SDK for Ipad, Iphone and iPod Touch
Test platform priorization for smartwatch game development : case Everywear Games
Minecraft : the unlikely tale of Markus "Notch" Persson and the game that changed everything
Learn to program with Scratch : a visual introduction to programming with games, art, science and math
This book is a from-the-trenches collection of tips, tricks, hacks, and advice straight from professional HTML5 game developers. It includes unique, cutting edge, and essential techniques for creating and optimizing modern HTML5 games including: using the Gamepad API, real-time networking, getting 60fps full screen HTML5 games on mobile, using languages such as Dart and TypeScript, and tips for streamlining and automating the workflow. The book is comprised of six main sections: Performance; Game Media: Sound and Rendering; Networking, Load Times, and Assets; Mobile Techniques and Advice; Cross-Language JavaScript; Tools and Useful Libraries. Within each of these sections are tips that will help one work faster and more efficiently and achieve better results. Presented as a series of short chapters from various professionals in the HTML5 gaming industry, all of the source code for each article is included and can be used by advanced programmers immediately. The book will help game developers looking to improve their development process at all stages of the game development pipeline. The nuggets of awesome in this book are applicable both to the hobbyist, trying to track down a performance bug in rendering, and the professional, who is looking to speed up loading time by re-packing their artist-generated images.
The Routledge companion to video game studies
Unity 3D game development by example : beginners's guide : LITE : get up and running as a unity game developer
Get coding!
Maya Python for games and film : a complete reference for the Maya Python and the Maya Python API
3D game design with unreal engine 4 and blender : combine the powerful UE4 with Blender to create visually appealing and comprehensive game environments
With this guide to the basics, you'll get in on the game of digital game design while you learn the skills required for storyboarding, character creation, environment creation, level design, programming, and testing. - Teaches basic skill sets in the context of current systems, genres, and game-play styles. Demonstrates how to design for different sectors within gaming including console, PC, handheld, and mobile. Explores low-poly modeling for game play. Addresses character and prop animation, lighting and rendering, and environment design. Discusses the path from concept to product, including pre- and post-production. Includes real-world scenarios and interviews with key studio and industry professionals.
Learn the things you need for a complete game, such as translations and tutorials, and improve the things you've already written to raise their standard to that of a professional level. This is a practical guide covering every discipline: art, music, writing, and code. In the case of the latter, code examples are included to demonstrate how to implement the functionality to make the game shine. Polished Game Development acts as a comprehensive checklist of everything your game should, and should not, do, in order to be as good as it possibly can. It is more than just a book on theoretical game design principles. Explains the difference between a pet project, and a professional one. Covers how to test for the problems and bugs you don't know you'll have. Details simple, but effective, visual improvements that can be done with very little effort. Regardless of platform (web, mobile, or console), or language (C++, C#, JavaScript) there is a wealth of common (and specific) tips within these pages that will enable you to make the most professional games you can. The book also features a complete game, Space Bounce, which is built in stages throughout the book, to explain in practical terms the ideas expressed. This journey is all encompassing as it starts at the design stage, explaining all the design ideas and ramifications, and continues until it's completely deployed on a website, exemplifying the fact that polish goes down to the roots.
HTML5 game development for dummies
Android game developer's handbook : discover an all in one handbook to developing immersive and cross-platform Android games
"Beginning Android Games, Second Edition offers everything you need to join the ranks of successful Android game developers, including Android tablet game app development considerations. You'll start with game design fundamentals and Android programming basics, and then progress toward creating your own basic game engine and playable game apps."--Publisher.
The black art of multiplatform game programming
Open source mazeball game for Windows Phone
3D graphics with Xna Game Studio 4.0  : create attractive 3D graphics and visuals in your XNA games
2D graphics programming for games
Polished game development : from first steps to final release
CryENGINE 3 cookbook : over 90 recipes written by Crytek developers for creating third-generation real-time games
Tool support for computer role-playing game programming : foundations, guidelines and applications
Flash game development by example : build 9 classic Flash games and learn game development along the way
Game mods : design, theory and criticism
Procedural planet generation in game development
Indie games : the complete introduction to indie gaming
CryEngine 3 game development : discover how to use the CryEngine 3 free SDK, the next-generation, real-time game development tool
Scratch programming in easy steps : covers Scratch 2.0 and Scratch 1.4
The game production handbook
Game coding complete
Scratch for kids for dummies®
HTML5 Games"shows you how to combine HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript to make games for the web and mobiles - games that were previously only possible with plugin technologies like Flash. Using the latest open web technologies, you are guided through the process of creating a game from scratch using Canvas, HTML5 Audio, WebGL and WebSockets. Inside, Jacob Seidelin shows you how features available in HTML5 can be used to create games. First, you will build a framework on which you will create your HTML5 game. Then each chapter covers a new aspect of the game including user input, sound, multiplayer functionality, 2D and 3D graphics and more. By the end of the book, you will have created a fully functional game that can be played in any compatible browser, or on any mobile device that supports HTML5. Topics include: Dealing with backwards compatibilityGenerating level dataMaking iOS and Android web appsTaking your game offlineUsing Web WorkersPersistent Game DataDrawing with CanvasCapturing player inputCreating 3D graphics with WebGLTextures and lightingSound with HTML5 Audio And more.
Coding for kids for dummies
Game maker's apprentice : game development for beginners
Windows Phone 7 XNA cookbook : over 70 recipies for making your own Windows Phone 7 game
Scratch 2.0 game development hotshot : 10 engaging projects that will teach you how to build exciting games with the easy-to-use Scratch 2.0 environment
The goal of this thesis was to develop a prototype of a need-based artificial intelligence (AI) for a computer game. The thesis wasn't commissioned by a third party, but was done out of my own interest and to improve my know-how. The AI was developed for Spaceship Captain, a game I have been working on for some time. Spaceship Captain is a story focused, 2D-life simulation/role-playing game for PC. The game’s central feature is random generated non-playable characters and their social AI, highly reminiscent of the AI seen in The Sims. As the complete AI was going to be too complex subject for a thesis, I instead decided to only cover the need-based functionality. The prototype was developed with Unity and Microsoft Visual Studio. The most important methods for developing the prototype were finite state machines, fuzzy logic, navigation meshes and smart objects. The AI of The Sims was used as a jumping-off as it's also need-based. Instead of taking the needs that The Sims uses though, Maslow's hierarchy of needs was used a base instead and later modified further. The AI prototype was successfully developed, though not as expansively as first envisioned. Only a handful of the designed needs made their way into the prototype, but this ultimately wasn't a real issue, as implementing all of the needs as designed, they would've needed additional systems to accompany them. The core of the need-based functionality was however developed as planned. During the writing of this thesis, a handful of points of improvement were discovered with the prototype, but as again they weren't something to be dealt with within the scope of the thesis, they were left for future development.
Cross-platform mobile application development
Multiplayer game programming : architecting networked games
Need-based artificial intelligence for a computer game : Case Spaceship Captain –prototype
Clockwork game design
Abstract: From sprites to models : graphic technologies for independent game developers : case: Opioid Interactive.
Game development comprises the combination of many different aspects such as game logic, graphics, audio, user input, physics, and much more.
Developing an augmented reality environment to encourage physical exercise
Designing the user experience of game development tools
Open Source Mazeball Game for Windows Phone
Unity 4.x game AI programming : learn and implement game Al in Unity3D with a lot of sample projects and next-generation techniques to use in your Unity3D projects
The game localization handbook
Multiplayer game programming
Introduction to 3D game programming with Directx 11
How to cheat in Unity 5 : tips and tricks for game development
Procedural content generation for Unity game development : harness the power of procedural content generation to design unique games with Unity
