http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25360 preanalytics
preanalytics
Laboratory medicine is under constant pressure from changes in the operating environment. Organisational changes and tendering processes have led to a trend towards shorter turn-around times and more cost-effective choices. Analysis tools that were previously only available at research laboratories, such as the mass spectrometer and polymerace chain reaction (PCR), have now made their way to university hospital laboratories and even mid-sized laboratories. Organisational changes have increased the need to monitor the pre-analytical steps. The specimen can be drawn from the patient in a satellite laboratory, which may be located several hours from the central laboratory. The increased transportation times may change the analytical properties of the specimens, which is why the stability of different analytes should be investigated thoroughly in different temperatures. It should be born in mind that doctors are treating the patients based on the results they receive from the laboratory. To avoid possible malpractice, the analytical properties should remain reliable. Traditionally, some analyses have been carried out manually, which is known to be time-consuming and carries the possibility of wide intra-observatory mistakes. For that reason, it would be reasonable to perform some manual analyses, such as body fluid analysis, in an automated manner. Automating the manual steps taken in the laboratory would release labour for other tasks and may increase the cost-effectiveness of the work. Organisational changes have redirected the needs of a clinical laboratory towards automated options instead of manual ones and finding more economically-based alternatives to replace or complement traditional methods.
Phlebotomy handbook : blood specimen collection from basic to advanced
Evaluation of new laboratory methods for routine use
Samples : from the patient to the laboratory : the impact of preanalytical variables on the quality of laboratory results
Improving quality at the preanalytical phase of blood sampling : literature review
