http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25380 quality assessment
quality assessment
Environmental management ISO 14001 & EMAS: self-assessment work book : 44 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Questioning excellence in higher education : policies, experiences and challenges in national and comparative perspective
Centres of excellence in university education - Finland 1999-2012 : an evaluation
A process-based approach to effective management : ISO 9001 : self-assessment work book : 57 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
The EFQM excellence model : 74 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book
"This user-friendly guide to evaluating apparel quality presents the roles of product designers, manufacturers, merchandisers, testing laboratories, and retailers from product inception through the sale of goods, to ensure quality products that meet customer expectations. Bubonia provides an overview of apparel production, with emphasis on quality characteristics and cues, consumer influences and motivations impacting purchasing decisions, and the relationship of apparel manufacturing and production processes, cost, price point and the quality level of an apparel product. A key aspect of the book is the focus on both U.S. and international standards and regulations required for apparel analysis, performance, labeling requirements and safety regulations. Heavily illustrated with images of stitch and seam types plus photos of their uses in actual garments, students will have the tools needed to skillfully evaluate and critique quality elements in apparel and textile products"--
Sustainable forest management : from principles to practice
Manager and customer perceptions on service
Starting up your professional service enterprise : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Towards good practices for practice-oriented assessment in European vocational education
Developing Music Management in European collaboration : cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management
Categorical meteorological products : evaluation and analysis
GP's consultation, perspective on quality.
Audit of the University of Helsinki 2015
Environmental management system ISO 14001:2004 & EMAS : self-assessment work book : 38 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful  from the average?
Evaluation of health care quality in advanced practice nursing
Interactive two-step training and management strategy for improvement of the quality of point-of-care testing by nurses:implementation of the strategy in blood glucose measurement
Quality assurance for university teaching
Accelerated quality and reliability solutions
The EFQM excellence model : 32 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book : what separates the successful from the average?
Supervision in social work : contemporary issues
Cohesion metrics for improving software quality
Quality of environmental impact assessment in Finland
More quality to the quality policy of education
Enhancing learning outcomes evaluation : Benchmarking learning outcomes evaluation in Finland, Scotland and Kansas
The report Assuring Quality in Education: Policies and Approaches to School Evaluation in Europe analyses the structures and organisation of school evaluation in primary and compulsory secondary level. It covers all EU Member States, as well as Iceland, Norway, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, and Turkey. Schools form the basic building blocks of education and training systems, and school evaluation is an important way to monitor and improve their quality, as well as to enhance the quality of education at large. The report analyses the two major types of school evaluation: external evaluation, conducted by evaluators who are not staff members of the school concerned, and internal evaluation, performed primarily by members of its staff. The report contains country-specific descriptions and a comparative review of school evaluation in Europe
Abstract: Cross-evaluation Reports of the Degree Programmes in Automation  Technology, Software Engineering, and Information Technology.
Audit manual for the quality systems of higher education institutions 2015-2018
Software engineering metrics. 1, Measures and validations
Evaluation of web based quality management tools
Re-evaluating education in Japan and Korea : demystifying stereotypes
Practical software metrics for project management and process improvement
The role of higher education as an essential component of the productive economy has been emphasized in the 21st century, resulting in a constant need to demonstrate compliance and excellence to various stakeholders. To achieve this, a large variety of internal and external evaluation processes have been developed. However, to connect these evaluations with continuous improvement has often proved challenging due to factors arising from organizational complexity. This compilation dissertation examines how various quality evaluations in higher education could be integrated in a meaningful and synergistic manner. Integration is analyzed both horizontally across the three missions of the university, as well as vertically ranging from external evaluations to self-assessment. The four research articles each support this whole from a different viewpoint. The results of the articles are complemented by a literature review of chosen relevant topics on quality management and evaluation in higher education. The results of this work suggest that a planned process of evaluations starting from the institution level could help evaluations build upon each other and to drive continuous improvement. A holistic view on evaluation and evaluation criteria could be of use in avoiding sub-optimization and ensuring that issues such as stakeholder engagement and societal impact are included in evaluations. The integration of evaluations would constitute a part of integrating an institution's management system and advance unity of effort. The ubiquitous concept of excellence can be seen as linking factor in integration, and an excellence award model was used as an example of a holistic evaluation framework. The theoretical contribution of this study contributes in the discussion regarding quality evaluation, excellence and the integration of management activities in higher education. For practitioners this dissertation work provides both practical tools arising from the results of the research articles, as well as a synthesis of theoretical and practical issues that should be accounted for when developing quality evaluation approaches in institutions of higher education.
International comparisons of student achievement in mathematics, science, and reading have consistently shown that Japanese and Korean students outperform their peers in other parts of world. Understandably, this has attracted many policymakers and researchers seeking to emulate this success, but it has also attracted strong criticism and a range of misconceptions of the Japanese and Korean education system. Directly challenging these misconceptions, which are prevalent in both academic and public discourses, this book seeks to provide a more nuanced view of the Japanese and Korean education systems. This includes the idea that the highly standardized means of education makes outstanding students mediocre; that the emphasis on memorization leads to a lack of creativity and independent thinking; that students' successes are a result of private supplementary education; and that the Japanese and Korean education systems are homogenous to the point of being one single system. Using empirical data Hyunjoon Park re-evaluates the strengths and weaknesses of the existing education systems in Japan and Korea and reveals whether the issues detailed above are real or unfounded and misinformed. Offering a balanced view of the evolving and complex nature of academic achievement among Japanese and Korean students, this book will appeal to students and scholars of Asian, international and comparative education, as well as those interested in Asian society more broadly.
The Baldrige criteria for entrepreneurs : self-assessment work book : 37 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Quality characterization of tissue and newsprint paper based on image measurements : possibilities of on-line imaging
Universities, funding systems, and the renewal of the industrial knowledge base : UNI project findings
An introduction to quality assurance in health care
Measuring data quality for ongoing improvement : a data quality assessment framework
The Malcolm Baldrige performance excellence model : 91 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book
Change management excellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Towards a human-oriented metrology for improvement and change
Connecting research and client : Finnish experience of quality enhancement in university lifelong learning
Successful crisis communication in the public sector : communication experts' views on best practices and quality
Interactive two-step training and management strategy for improvement of the quality of point-of-care testing by nurses : implementation of the strategy in blood glucose measurement
The Malcolm Baldrige performance excellence model - 2003 : 47 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book
Ride comfort of automatic elevator doors
A wide spectral range imaging system : applications in wood industry
Koulutuksen laatupalaute FUAS-ammattikorkeakouluissa = Quality feedback on education at FUAS institutions
Assuring quality in education ; policies and approaches to school evaluation in Europe ; Eurydice report
The EFQM excellence model for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Method evaluations in spatial exploratory analyses of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging data
Deploying the integrated management system : quality, environment, and health and safety self : self-assessment work book : 59 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Online reading as an individual and social practice
Starting up your skilled trade business enterprise : EFQM 2010 : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Abstract:Modifying and pre-testing a measurement tool of quality control for family guidance at Kuopio University Hospital's audio logical clinic.
Apparel quality : a guide to evaluating sewn products
A First Course in Quality Engineering : Integrating Statistical and Management Methods of Quality
Software metrics : a practioner's guide to improved product development
Sensory evaluation of food : principles and practices
Contemporary threats and opportunities : academic freedom and institutional autonomy within the context of accreditation, quality assurance and rankings : proceedings of the Conference of the Magna Charta observatory 15-16 september 2011
Applied software measurement : global analysis of productivity and quality
The quality of qualitative research
Good government : the relevance of political science
This work shows that research in political science does not always shy away from the big questions.
Getting teacher evaluation right : what really matters for effectiveness and improvement
Laboratory diagnostics of dyslipidemia : from cholesterol to apolipoproteins
Youth work quality assessment : the self and peer assessment model
Improving quality in education : dynamic approaches to school improvement
Quality assurance in teacher education in Europe
Process management : 32 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book
Evaluating EU expenditure programmes : a guide : ex post and intermediate evaluation
Health promotion settings : principles and practice
User-centered quality of experience and its evaluation methods for mobile television
The EFQM excellence model for entrepreneurs : self-assessment work book : what separates the successful from the average?
What is the quality of your management? : ISO 9004:2009 : self-assessment work book : what separetes successful from the average?
Dietary protein quality evaluation in human nutrition : report of an Expert Consultation, 31 March-2 April, 2011 Aucland, New Zealand
Abstract: Developing Music Management in European collaboration. Cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management.
Interdisciplinary accountability in the evaluation of research proposals : prospects for academic quality control across disciplinary boundaries
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Improving business process performance : gain agility, create value, and achieve success
Constructing quality : the classification of goods in markets
Sensory quality in foods and beverages : definition, measurement and control
Why open educational resources repositories fail : the contribution of quality approaches to the success of repositories
Integrated quality evaluation in higher education
Students' role in quality enhancement - a reflection of functional stupidity or an implication of "Quality as Practice"?
Environmental management system ISO 14001 : 35 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book..
Monitoring, measuring and managing customer service
Quality of abdominal surgical nursing care
Terminology of quality assurance : towards shared European values?
