http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2537 divided state
divided state
Peace and cooperation : white paper on Korean unification 2001
Germany : the long road west. Vol. 2, 1933-1990
Revolution, socialism and nationalism in Viet Nam. 3, Socialism in half a country
International public relations : perspectives from deeply divided societies
Revolution, socialism and nationalism in Viet Nam. 2, Viet Nam divided
International Public Relations: Perspectives from deeply divided societies is positioned at the intersection of public relations (PR) practice with socio-political environments in divided, conflict and post-conflict societies. While most studies of PR focus on the activity as it is practiced within stable democratic societies, this book explores perspectives from contexts that have tended to be marginalized or uncharted. Presenting research from a diverse range of societies still deeply divided along racial, ethnic, religious or linguistic lines, this collection engages with a variety of questions including how PR practice in these societies may contribute to our understanding of PR theory building. Importantly, it highlights the role of communication strategies for actors that still deploy political violence to achieve their goals, as well as those that use it in building peace, resolving conflict, and assisting in the development of civil society. Featuring a uniquely wide range of original empirical research, including studies from Israel/Palestine, Mozambique, Northern Ireland, former Yugoslavia, former Czechoslovakia, Spain, Malaysia and Turkey, this groundbreaking book will be of interest not only to scholars of public relations, but also political communication, international relations, and peace and conflict studies.
Germany divided : from the wall to reunification
Under the loving care of the fatherly leader : North Korea and the Kim dynasty
Cyprus : a modern history
Confronting the German question : Germans on the East-West divide
Imperial overstretch : Germany in Soviet policy from Stalin to Gorbachev : an analysis based on new archival evidence, memoirs, and interviews
While the division of Cyprus continues..
America, Germany, and the future of Europe
Toward an era of peace and cooperation : review of relations between North and South Korea June 15, 2000-June 15, 2001
Politics in deeply divided societies
Korea's unification policy : based on the three-phased approach to unification and its three guiding principles
The division of the world, 1941-1955
Peace and prosperity : white paper on Korean unification 2005
The birth of Israel : myths and realities
The origins of the Korean war : liberation and the emergence of separate regimes 1945-1947
The Berlin airlift
Confronting Vietnam : Soviet policy toward the Indochina Conflict, 1954-1963
Germany : the long road west. Vol. 1, 1789-1933
Together as one : the Inter-Korean Summit talks opening a new era in the history of Korea
The divided nation
The legal status of Berlin
Warpaths : the politics of partition
