http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25328 star formation
star formation
A universe from nothing : why there is something rather than nothing
Introduction to cosmology
The story of astronomy and space
Children of the stars : our origin, evolution and destiny
Exploring the universe : the illustrated guide to cosmology
How to build a universe : from the big bang to the end of the universe
Modern theories of the universe : from Herschel to Hubble
Infrared and mm-wave studies of interstellar globules
The astronomy cafe : 365 questions and answers from "Ask the astronomer"
Astronomy : 50 ideas you really need to know
Origins : proceedings of the international conference held at Estes Park, Colorado, 19-23 May 1997
Beware invisible cows : my search for the soul of the Universe
SETI : Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence : an international interdisciplinary seminar : Star days, 6-7 March 1993, Heureka, Vantaa, Finland = SETI : Maan ulkopuolisen älyn etsintä : kansainvälinen tieteidenvälinen seminaari : Tähtiharrastuspäivät
Interstellar medium and initial stages of star formation : comparing simulations and observations
Really, really big questions about space and time
Home is where the wind blows : chapters from a cosmologist's life
See inside space
Cosmos : an illustrated history of astronomy and cosmology
Wonders of the universe
For millennia humans have studied the skies to help them grow crops, navigate the seas, and earn favor from their gods. We still look to the stars today for answers to fundamental questions: How did the universe begin? Will it end, and if so, how? What is our place within it? John North has been examining such questions for decades. In "Cosmos", he offers a sweeping historical survey of the two sciences that help define our place in the universe: astronomy and cosmology.Organizing his history chronologically, North begins by examining Paleolithic cave drawings that clearly chart the phases of the moon. He then investigates scientific practices in the early civilizations of Egypt, Greece, China, and the Americas, whose inhabitants developed sophisticated methods to record the movements of the planets and stars. Trade routes and religious movements, North notes, brought these ancient styles of scientific thinking to the attention of later astronomers, whose own theories - such as Copernicus' planetary theory - led to the Scientific Revolution.The work of master astronomers, including Ptolemy, Galileo, Kepler, and Newton, is described in detail, as are modern-day developments in astrophysics, such as the advent of radio astronomy, the brilliant innovations of Einstein, and the many recent discoveries brought about with the help of the Hubble telescope. This new edition brings North's seminal book right up to the present day, as North takes a closer look at last year's reclassification of Pluto as a dwarf planet and gives a thorough overview of current research.With more than two hundred illustrations and a comprehensive bibliography, "Cosmos" is the definitive history of astronomy and cosmology. It is sure to find an eager audience among historians of science and astronomers alike.
Radiative transfer modelling of interstellas clouds
Are we being watched? : the search for life in the cosmos
Bang! : the complete history of the universe
Universe : journey into deep space
A time traveller's guide to life, the universe & everything
