http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25303 bacteriophages
bacteriophages
The genus yersinia : entering the functional genomic era
DNA packaging and host cell lysis : late events in bacteriophage PRD1 infection
Discover the world of microbes : bacteria, archaea, and viruses
Entry of the membrane-containing bacteriophages into their hosts
Bacterial and bacteriophage genetics
Implications of bacterial viruses on pathogenic bacteria : from natural microbial communities to therapeutic applications
Phage-bacteria antagonistic coevolution is influenced by protozoan predation
The genome packaging machinery of dsDNA bacteriophage PRD1
Molecular genetics of bacteria
Exploring phage-bacterium interactions : new ways to combat a fish pathogen
Evaluation of the purification capacity of nine portable, small-scale water purification devices
Viruses of prokaryotes. Hans-Wolfgang Ackermann, Michael S. DuBow. Volume 1, General properties of bacteriophages
Interactions of virus proteins within the host cell
Viruses are ancient parasites that have influenced the evolution of contemporary and archaic forms of life
Crystallographic studies of small RNA bacteriophages
Genetic variation and evolution among industrially important <em>Lactobacillus</em> bacteriophages
Bacteriophages
Structure of small RNA phages : implications for virus assembly and evolution
Infectious Diseases and Nanomedicine I : First International Conference (ICIDN-2012), Dec. 15-18, 2012, Kathmandu, Nepal
Early steps in bacteriophage [phi]6 infection : function of pili, membrane fusion, and nucleocapsid penetration
The book addresses the interdisciplinary scientific approach for the systemic understanding of connections between major human diseases and their treatment regime by applying the tools and techniques of nanotechnology. It also highlights the interdisciplinary collaborative researches for innovation in Biomedical Sciences. The book is aÂ first volume which presents collection of best papers presented in the First International Conference on Infectious Diseases and Nanomedicine held during Dec. 15-18, 2012 in Kathmandu, Nepal. The book focuses mainly on the topics: emerging infectious diseases; antimicrobial agents, vaccines and immunity; drug design, drug delivery and tissue engineering; and nanomaterials and biomedical materials.
Double-stranded RNA bacteriophage Φ6 : self-assembly and maturation of procapsid
The bacteriophages
Characterization of e. coli host genes affecting Mu Dna transposition efficiency
Lipid-containing icosahedral dsDNA bacteriophages : entry, exit and structure
Life on the edge: structural studies of the extremophilic viruses P23-77 and STIV2
Lesser known large dsDNA viruses
Virulence mechanisms of bacterial pathogens
Immunodetection of VP11, the minor capsid protein of thermophilic bacteriophage P23-77
Studies on the lipid-containing bacteriophage ø6
Thermus bacteriophage P23-77 : key member of a novel, but ancient family of viruses from extreme environments
Regulation of bacterial virulence
"The most feared attribute of the human pathogen Vibrio cholerae is its ability to cause outbreaks that spread like wildfire, completely overwhelming public health systems and causing widespread suffering and death. This volume starts with a description of the contrasting patterns of outbreaks caused by the classical and El Tor biotypes of V. cholerae. Subsequent chapters examine cholera outbreaks in detail, including possible sources of infection and molecular epidemiology on three different continents, the emergence of new clones through the bactericidal selection process of lytic cholera phages, the circulation and transmission of clones of the pathogen during outbreaks, and novel approaches to modeling cholera outbreaks. A further contribution deals with the application of the genomic sciences to trace the spread of cholera epidemics and how this information can be used to control cholera outbreaks. The book closes with an analysis of the potential use of killed oral cholera vaccines to stop the spread of cholera outbreaks." -- (Back Cover)
Advanced bacterial genetics : use of transposons and phage for genomic engineering
Molecular details of phage Φ6 RNA-dependent RNA synthesis
Studies on the genome structure and the early DNA binding proteins of bacteriophage PRD1
Genome organization and transcriptional regulation of bacteriophage PM2
Counteracting the horizontal spread of bacterial antibiotic resistance with conjugative plasmid-dependent bacteriophages
Phage display selection of antibody fragments targeted to VEGFR-3 dimerization domain
Viruses of prokaryotes. Hans-Wolfgang Ackermann, Michael S. DuBow. Volume 2, Natural groups of bacteriophages
Genetic variation and evolution among industrially important Lactobacillus bacteriophages
Occurrence of temperate bacteriophages in different Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans serotypes isolated from periodontally healthy individuals
A Genetic switch : gene control and phage 1
Molecular mechanisms of bacteriophage φ6 RNA-dependent RNA polymerase and its utilization in biotechnology
"BIOS Instant Notes in Microbiology, fourth edition, is a concise microbiology textbook for undergraduates. All of the important areas of microbiology are covered in a format that is ideal for learning and rapid revision. Each topic begins with a summary of the essential facts-an ideal revision checklist-followed by a description of the subject that focuses on the core information, with clear simple diagrams that are easy for students to understand and recall in essays and examinations"--Provided by publisher.
Something old, something new : exploring membrane-containing bacteriophages
Structure and assembly of membrane-containing dsDNA bacteriophages
Small things matter : of phages and antibiotic resistance conferring plasmids
Genomics of bacterial and archaeal virus isolates from extreme aquatic environments
Studies on staphylococci isolated from bovine milk samples : with special reference to phage typing, antibiotic sensitivity and mercury resistance
A genetic switch : phage [lambda] and higher organisms
Marine icosahedral membrane-containing dsDNA bacteriophage PM2 : virion structure and host cell penetration
Symbioottisen typensidonnan biotekniikka = Den symbiotiska kvävefixeringens bioteknik = Biotechnology of symbiotic nitrogen fixation
Life on the Edge : Structural Studies of the Extremophilic Viruses P23-77 and STIV2
