http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25375 programme music
programme music
Batman : exclusive original television soundtrack album
Pennies from heaven : The best-loved songs and melodies featured in the BBC TV serial
Programming the absolute : nineteenth-century German music and the hermeneutics of the moment
The Tudors : music from the original television series
TV themes : Playalong for Saxophone
Glee : the 3D concert movie : motion picture soundtrack
Disney fake book : for piano, vocal, guitar, electronic keyboard, and all "C" instruments
Television's greatest hits from the 70's & 80's : volume 3.
Is artist management a feasible business in the Finnish music market?
The Ultimate Monty Python Rip Off
Hannah Montana : songs from and inspired by the hit TV series
Matching Tie and Handkerchief
Monty Python's Previous Record
Programme music : a brief survey from the sixteenth century to the present day
True blood : music from and inspired by the HBO original series. Volume 2.
Essays in Musical Analysis : Volume IV: illustrative music
Secret of the Sahara : original soundtrack from the TV series
Heart and soul : new songs from Ally McBeal
Discusses the notorious opposition between absolute and programme music as a true dialectic that lies at the heart of 19th-century German music. Beginning with Beethoven, it traces the aesthetic problem of musical meaning in works by a range of German composers.
Novel music discovery concepts : user experience and design implications
The Tudors : season 4 : music from the original television series
TV themes for solo piano : comedy, detective, soap & drama
Street smart guide to Sibelius 6 : with mini workbook
More of The Monkees
Beverly Hills, 90210 : The College years
Pro Tools puts professional recording and music production software in the hands of anyone with the appropriate hardware and the knowledge to use it. Musician and recording engineer Jeff Strong guides you through the latest version of this complex program, offering twice the content of the official guide at a lower price. Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and getting your music to the masses. •	The latest version of Pro Tools offers a whole range of new possibilities for the recording artist; this soup-to-nuts guide explains everything you need to know to take full advantage of it. •	Written by a professional musician and recording engineer who has authored two previous editions of this book as well as Home Recording For Musicians For Dummies and Drums For Dummies. •	Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and distributing your music. •	Explains how to configure your computer and attach hardware, proper microphone settings, steps for getting your music to sound the way you want, tips on putting your tracks together professionally, and much more.
Comedy in music : a historical bibliographical resource guide
Flight of the Conchords
Songs from Ally McBeal
It's easy to play TV themes. 2
Game of thrones
Brahms the programmatic? : a critical assesment
The lost broadcasts
BBC Sessions
SFX-17 : TV & FILM THEMES
The Simpsons : Songs in the key of Springfield : Original music from the television series
The Nat King Cole collection. Volume 1
Web crawler and information management
Grey's anatomy. Volume 4 : original soundtrack
iPod & iTunes for dummies
Musical ekphrasis : composers responding to poetry and painting
TV a-go-go : rock on TV from American Bandstand to American Idol
The Tudors : season 2 : music from The Showtime original series
As heard on TV
Transphonic sounds: Commercial radio music in a shared urban environment
Heidi : Music from the original soundtrack of the NBC Television Special
Programmatic elements in the works of Schoenberg
The characteristic symphony in the age of Haydn and Beethoven
The mad Hatter
Buffy the vampire slayer : the album
20 great TV themes
The best of Ally McBeal : the songs of Vonda Shepard
Spitting image : 20 great golden gobs
The Rosemary Clooney show : Girl singer - songs from the classic television series
Tunes from the toons : the best of Hanna-Barbera
The busker's book of TV & film themes
Glee the music. Season three : Volume 7 : piano, vocal, guitar
Abstract: This project was made for a company that provides a networking website for people who are interested in music. The objective of this project was to develop an application which collects and stores data from two distinct websites namely, http://www.muusikoiden.net and http://www.imperiumi.net. Both websites contain rich information about artists and their gig schedule, which was the main interest of the company. Another goal was to compile one data table that contains all the information which was gathered from the above mentioned sites. The application was developed using a web crawler integrated with Document Object Model Interface, which enables different programming languages to access any websites by representing the components in a more structured form. This crawler was made to iterate for every page in the websites. After parsing, the stored data was analyzed by the application to detect if there were any name prefixes, and remove those prefixes on every occurrence. Finally, a complete table with all the required information was build. Web crawler is a powerful programming application which can help for locating and accessing information from any web documents. And by combining the information it is possible to innovate or make useful analysis.
Bones : original television soundtrack
Classical zoo : an illustrative collection
If
Twin Peaks
The digital songstream : mastering the world of digital music
The best of the EMI years
The best of Thunderbirds : original television soundtrack
It's a wonderful life : a journey into sound for Mojo by Siouxie Sioux and Steve Severin
Hannah Montana. 2 : Meet Miley Cyrus. Piano, vocal, guitar
TV hits : really easy piano
Kids tv themes
The year of the French : the music of the RTE TV series
The Tudors : season 3 : music from the original television series
TV themes for solo piano
Fishing with John
Beverly Hills 90210 : Music from the Soundtrack
Live At Drury Lane
The radio years. volume 1
The Mad hatter
Its easy to play tv themes
Sex and the city
Decades of TV : the nineties
Friends again
It's easy to play TV action themes
Judi Dench & Michael Williams : with great pleasure : a sparkling collection of poetry, prose and song performed for BBC Radio 4
Growing pains : theme from "Growing pains" and other hit T.V. themes
The Radio years. volume 2
Brain music : musical output by thought
Music from Twin Peaks
Music heard on The Sopranos
Matching tie and handkerchief
The Simpsons : the yellow album
T.V. songbook : The musical guide to prime time : 1984/1985
Pro Tools all-in-one for dummies
It's easy to play TV themes. 2 : Easy to read, simplified arrangements of 14 familiar themes from top TV shows
