http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25399 environmental ecology
environmental ecology
Feral : rewilding the land, the sea and human life
Basics of environmental science
The world without us
Induction of oxidative stress by the herbicides atrazine and isoproturon on cultured fish cells
Ecological impacts of in-stream restoration in salmonid rivers:the role of enhanced structural complexity
Abstract.
Out of the Earth : ecocritical readings of Irish texts
Environmental issues facing Tibetan pastoral communities
Dynamics of soil carbon and nitrogen in changing boreal environments
Climate change : observed impacts on planet earth
Characterisation of diverse microbial communities and application of novel detection techniques
Mega events in post-Soviet Eurasia : shifting borderlines of inclusion and exclusion
Urban place : reconnecting with the natural world
Evaluation of in situ remediation methods in soils contaminated with organic pollutants
Interactions and patterns between species diversity and genetic diversity
Ecosystems
Integral ecology : uniting multiple perspectives on the natural world
Science and sensibility : negotiating an ecology of place
The anthropology of climate change : an historical reader
The effect of urban vegetation on the spatial distribution of traffic related air pollution : possible effects of artificial aeration
Conservation biology of the great crested newt in managed boreal forests in Finland
Economic evaluation and the environment : a methodological discussion with particular reference to developing countries
Arctic resilience : interim report 2013
The ecological city and urban planning
Dictionary of environmental history
Deep green resistance : strategy to save the planet
Mycorrhizal fungi and nitrogen dynamics in drained peatland
It is estimated that roughly 1000 new ecological and environmental models join the ranks of the scientific literature each year. The international peer-reviewed literature reports some 20,000 new models spanning the period from 1970-2010. Just to keep abreast of the field it is necessary to design a handbook of models that doesn't merely list them, but rather draws the state-of-the-art development of models for ecosystem and environmental management. Published first in 1996, Handbook of Models Applied in Ecosystem and Environmental Management applies precisely this approach to review current m.
Effective ecological monitoring
A rough ride to the future
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
Introduction : Negotiating resources, engaging people
Microbial diversity in the municipal composting process and development of detection methods
Rising ecological awareness in Chinese contemporary art : an analysis of the cultural environment
Ecological restoration and environmental change : renewing damaged ecosystems
Cities and nature
Challenges in Practice and Education is founded on the belief that the forces of globalisation that have affected design practice for decades have, in recent years, manifested themselves in design education as well. The book brings together authors, practitioners and educators from ten countries across six continents, Australia, East Germany, the UK, the US, Mexico, Hong Kong, Finland, Central India, Greece and South Africa. Each contributor addresses radical design, architecture, art and politics and offers an overview of the socio-cultural and economic factors that affect the built environment in their particular region of the world. They discuss how the practices of architecture, interior design, planning and landscape architecture interact with these forces but, equally as importantly, how design education does the same. The contributions reveal that the issues that challenge us are more than just aesthetic. As concerns increase about the impacts of global environmental change, we are becoming increasingly aware that we struggle to understand the unique ecology and complex diverse cultures which characterise different cities. These, from a landscape architecture perspective, can be seen to be influenced by climate change, technological change, diminishing resources, pollution, water quality, energy sources and population dynamics. To respond to such challenges requires exploring new models of urbanism and place-making which encompass local perspectives and knowledge. It is clear that ‘one size fits all’ approaches will not do. Design for a Complex Worldpoints to the need to develop aesthetic and compositional ability together with the acquisition of technical and design knowledge. This may well require combined courses in town and country planning, urban design, architecture, interior design, landscape and environmental design.
Too smart for our own good : the ecological predicament of humankind
Ecology of species living on dead wood : lessons for dead wood management
"This is the urban century in which, for the first time, the majority of people live in towns and cities. Understanding how people influence, and are influenced by, the 'green' component of these environments is therefore of enormous significance. Providing an overview of the essentials of urban ecology, the book begins by covering the vital background concepts of the urbanisation process and the effect that it can have on ecosystem functions and services. Later sections are devoted to examining how species respond to urbanisation, the many facets of human-ecology interactions, and the issues surrounding urban planning and the provision of urban green spaces. Drawing on examples from urban settlements around the world, it highlights the progress to date in this burgeoning field, as well as the challenges that lie ahead"--
"If humans are to understand and discover ways of addressing complex social and ecological problems, we first need to find intimacy with our particular places and communities. Cultivating a relationship to place often includes a negotiating process that involves both science and sensibility. While science is one key part of an adaptive and resilient society, the cultivation of a renewed sense of place and community is essential as well. Science and Sensibility argues for the need for ecology to engage with philosophical values and economic motivations in a political process of negotiation, with the goal of shaping humans' treatment of the natural world. Michael McGinnis aims to reframe ecology so it might have greater "trans-scientific" awareness of the roles and interactions among multiple stakeholders in socioecological systems, and he also maintains that deep ecological knowledge of specific places will be crucial to supporting a sustainable society. He uses numerous specific case studies from watershed, coastal, and marine habitats to illustrate how place-based ecological negotiation can occur, and how reframing our negotiation process can influence conservation, restoration, and environmental policy in effective ways."--
Negotiation strategies and agreement-making models in large-scale resource development projects in Yamal, Arctic Russia
Ecosystems and human well-being : synthesis
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Terrestrial photosynthesis in a changing environment : a molecular, physiological and ecological approach
What is environmental history?
Indigenous ecological practices and cultural traditions in Yakutia : history, ethnography, and politics
Applicability of characterized variance and ecosystem interactions in water quality monitoring
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
The effect of diesel and its removal on the population dynamics of the bacteria in the Baltic Sea
The planet remade : how geoengineering could change the world
Runoff quality and quanity from green roofs and the impact of biochar amendment on runoff properties
The bioremediation of creosote-contaminated soil using methyl-β-cyclodextrin and ultrasound
Exploring the boundaries of landscape architecture
Land degradation in the developing world : implications for food, agriculture, and the environment to 2020
The ecology of a freshwater crustacean: Lepidurus arcticus (Brachiopoda; Notostraca) in a High Arctic region
Call of Nature : the secret life of dung
A complexity approach to sustainability : theory and application
Dreaming of dry land : environmental transformation in colonial Mexico City
Ecological effects of wastewater : applied limnology and pollutant effects
Environmental challenges in the joint border area of Norway, Finland and Russia
Riparia : ecology, conservation, and management of streamside communities
Conflict resolution in coastal management : interdisciplinary analyses of resource use conflicts from the Swedish coast
A world after climate change and culture-shift
Effects of urbanization on seasonal runoff generation and pollutant transport under cold climate
Effect of soil type and climatic conditions on the growth and flowering phenology of three Oxalis species in western cape, South Africa
Wildland recreation : ecology and management
Degradation of 2,6-dichlorobenzonitrile and 2,6-dichlorobenzamide in groundwater sedimentary deposits and topsoil
Changes in soil C dynamics and N2O emissions under minimum tillage cereal crop production in boreal agroecosystems : implications to climate change mitigation
Studying habitat use and behavior of moose (Alces alces) by integrating airborne laser scanning and GPS tracking
From material flows to cash flows : an extension to traditional material flow modelling
Landscape Ecology for Sustainable Environment and Culture
Feral : rewilding the land, sea and human life
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
Feral : searching for enchantment on the frontiers of rewilding
Environmental impacts of conventionally and year-round produced greenhouse tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L.) production chain in Finland
The effects of biochar on noxious gas and toxic metals from landfill waste
The sustainable sites handbook : a complete guide to the principles, strategies, and practices for sustainable landscapes
Consider a spherical cow : a course in environmental problem solving
"As human activities are increasingly domesticating the Earth's ecosystems, new selection pressures are acting to produce winners and losers amongst our wildlife. With particular emphasis on plants, Briggs examines the implications of human influences on micro-evolutionary processes in different groups of organisms, including wild, weedy, invasive, feral, and endangered species. Using case studies from around the world, he argues that Darwinian evolution is ongoing. He considers how far it is possible to conserve endangered species and threatened ecosystems through management, and questions the extent to which damaged landscapes and their plant and animal communities can be precisely recreated or restored. Many of Darwin's ideas are highlighted, including his insights into natural selection, speciation, the vulnerability of rare organisms, the impact of invasive species, and the effects of climate change on organisms. An important text for students and researchers of evolution, conservation, climate change and sustainable use of resources." --NHBS Environment Bookstore.
"We are destroying our natural environment at a constantly increasing pace, and in so doing undermining the preconditions of our own existence. Why is this so? This book reveals that our ecologically disruptive behavior is in fact rooted in our very nature as a species. Drawing on evolution theory, biology, anthropology, archaeology, economics, environmental science and history, this book explains the ecological predicament of humankind by placing it in the context of the first scientific theory of our species' development, taking over where Darwin left off. The theory presented is applied in detail to the whole of our seven-million-year history. Due to its comprehensiveness, and in part thanks to its extensive glossary and index, this book can function as a compact encyclopedia covering the whole development of Homo sapiens. It would also suit a variety of courses in the life and social sciences. Most importantly, Too Smart makes evident the very core of the paradigm to which our species must shift if it is to survive. Anyone concerned about the future of humankind should read this ground-breaking work. This book: Provides the first and only theory of humankind's development; Explains that economic and political (military) power have their respective biological bases in individual vs. group territoriality; Provides the first classification of human instincts: into the survival, sexual and social instincts; Provides the most inclusive characterization of different kinds of population check yet presented; Explains the importance of the anthropological, archaeological and economic findings of the past 50 years to understanding humankind's development; Clarifies the preconditions for human life on earth; Predicts what will happen to us in the near future"--Provided by publisher.
Concepts and considerations for the synthesis of ecosystem goods and services in Finland
Caring for place : ecology, ideology, and emotion in traditional landscape management
Adaptation to climate change in Asia
Microbial communities in Pb contaminated boreal forest soil
The Earth only endures : on reconnecting with nature and our place in it
The polar regions : an environmental history
To be an environmentalist early in the twenty-first century is always to be defending, arguing, acknowledging the hurdles we face in our efforts to protect wild places and fight climate change. But let's be honest: hedging has never inspired anyone. So what if we stopped hedging? What if we grounded our efforts to solve environmental problems in hope instead, and let nature make our case for us? That's what George Monbiot does in Feral, a lyrical, unabashedly romantic vision of how, by inviting nature back into our lives, we can simultaneously cure our "ecological boredom" and begin repairing centuries of environmental damage. Monbiot takes readers on an enchanting journey around the world to explore ecosystems that have been "rewilded": freed from human intervention and allowed--in some cases for the first time in millennia--to resume their natural ecological processes. We share his awe, and wonder, as he kayaks among dolphins and seabirds off the coast of Wales and wanders the forests of Eastern Europe, where lynx and wolf packs are reclaiming their ancient hunting grounds. Through his eyes, we see environmental success--and begin to envision a future world where humans and nature are no longer separate and antagonistic, but are together part of a single, healing world.
"The environmental histories of the Arctic and Antarctica are characterised by contrast and contradiction. These are places that have witnessed some of the worst environmental degradation in recent history. But they are also the locations of some of the most farsighted measures of environmental protection. They are places where people have sought to conquer nature through exploration and economic development, but in many ways they remain wild and untamed. They are the coldest places on Earth, yet have come to occupy an important role in the science and politics of global warming. Despite being located at opposite ends of the planet and being significantly different in many ways, Adrian Howkins argues that the environmental histories of the Arctic and Antarctica share much in common and have often been closely connected. This book also argues that the Polar Regions are strongly linked to the rest of the world, both through physical processes and through intellectual and political themes. As places of inherent contradiction, the Polar Regions have much to contribute to the way we think about environmental history and the environment more generally"--
The Finns and sustainable development : how do we measure opinions about sustainable development?
The winemaker's marsh : four sesons in a restored wetland
Ecological economics : an introduction
Highly energy efficient housing development in Northen Europe : case studies of very low energy houses in Finland
Ecological consequences of climate change : mechanisms, conservation, and management
Advances in ecological research : [ecosystems in a human-modified landscape: a european perspective]
Heritability of heavy metal and persistent organic pollutant levels in collared flycatcher (Ficedula albicollis)
Squandering Eden : Africa at the edge
Design for a complex world : [challenges in practice and education]
Positive pollutions and cultural toxins : waste and contamination in contemporary U.S. ethnic literatures
Runoff quality and quantity from green roofs and the impact of biochar amendment on runoff properties
Smart growth codes and zoning, assessment and evaluation : case study: Vancouver 2020 development plan
Living with climate change : how communities are surviving and thriving in a changing climate
Dung beetle communities in degraded rainforest landscapes in Madagascar
"What insights can an anthropologist gain from the day-to-day use of parks? How does an economist view the supply and demand of an outdoor space? Why would an architect divide landscape into 'cultural' and 'natural' elements? Experts from around the world give their thoughts on how disciplines outside landscape architecture view the profession. Their insights link together theories from outside the area, giving constructive feedback on the lessons they gain from work in the environment and what they can contribute back to the subject. The book is an important addition to the literature on landscape architecture and provides a valuable companion to landscape theory modules for undergraduate and postgraduate students"--
Anthropocentrism versus Ecocentrism Revisited: Theoretical Confusions and Practical Conclusions
Environment and society : human perspectives on environmental issues
Community culture and the environment : a guide to understanding a sense of place
Call of nature : the secret life of dung
Handbook of environmental data and ecological parameters
Big history : from the big bang to the present
The fate and effects of lead (Pb) at active and abandoned shooting ranges in a boreal forest ecosystem
Effect of soil type and climatic conditions on the growth and flowering phenology of three Oxalis species in Western Cape, South Africa
Global environmental governance, technology and politics : the Anthropocene Gap
The Khmer lands of Vietnam : environment, cosmology and sovereignty
Bioremediation of diesel oil contaminated soil and water
Ecologies and economies in medieval and early modern Europe : studies in environmental history for Richard C. Hoffmann
Thermal adaptation on an elevational gradient in Malagasy dung beetles
Bees in urban community gardens : local versus landscape determinants
The Isukasia iron ore mine controversy : extractive industries and public consultation in Greenland
The edge of extinction : travels with enduring people in vanishing lands
Human communities : the city and human ecology
Developing ecological consciousness : the end of separation
Novel ecosystems : intervening in the new ecological world order
The effects of eutrophication on alternative reproductive tactics in threespine stickleback
Rooftop vegetables and urban contamination : trace elements and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in crops from Helsinki
Ecological economics from the ground up
"Journey through the digestive systems of humans, farm and wild animals, and meet some of nature’s ultimate recyclers as they eat, breed in and compete for dung. The fall of bodily waste onto the ground is the start of a race against the clock as a multitude of dung-feeders and scavengers consume this rich food source. From the enigmatic dung-rolling beetles to bat guano and giant elephant droppings, dung creates a miniature ecosystem to be explored by the aspiring dung watcher. The author completes the book with an identification guide to dung itself, so that you can identify the animal that left it behind. Pellets or pats? Scats, spraints, frass, guano, spoor – learn your way around different species’ droppings. There’s also a dung-feeder’s identification guide that includes the species you’re most likely to encounter on an exploration of the dung heap."
Finland : government and NGO approaches to ETR
The riverscape and the river
Boreal environment research
Political obligation and ecological citizenship
Scientific symposium : social aspects of ecology : Bratislava, 17-18 October, 1975.
"This official reference guide to the Sustainable Sites Initiative Rating System contains information on principles, strategies, technologies, tools, and best practices for sustainable site design applicable to any type of designed landscape, with or without buildings, ranging from shopping malls, streetscapes, subdivisions, corporate and academic campuses, transportation corridors, parks and recreation areas, all the way to single family homes. Equally useful as a guide to achieving SSI credits, or as a guide to independent pursuit of sustainable sites, it offers in-depth coverage on important "green" topics"--
Biodiversity planning and design : sustainable practices
Handbook of Ecological Models used in Ecosystem and Environmental Management
Microbial ecology is the study of interactions among microbes in natural environments and their roles in biogeochemical cycles, food web dynamics, and the evolution of life. Microbes are the most numerous organisms in the biosphere and mediate many critical reactions in elemental cycles and biogeochemical reactions. Because they are essential players in the carbon cycle and related processes, microbial ecology is a vital science for understanding the role of the biosphere in global warming and the response of natural ecosystems to climate change. This novel textbook discusses the major processes carried out by viruses, bacteria, fungi, protozoa and other protists - the microbes - in freshwater, marine, and terrestrial ecosystems. It focuses on biogeochemical processes, starting with primary production and the initial fixation of carbon into cellular biomass, before exploring how that carbon is degraded in both oxygen-rich (oxic) and oxygen-deficient (anoxic) environments. These biogeochemical processes are affected by ecological interactions, including competition for limiting nutrients, viral lysis, and predation by various protists in soils and aquatic habitats. The book neatly connects processes occurring at the micron scale to events happening at the global scale, including the carbon cycle and its connection to climate change issues. A final chapter is devoted to symbiosis and other relationships between microbes and larger organisms. Microbes have huge impacts not only on biogeochemical cycles, but also on the ecology and evolution of more complex forms of life, including Homo sapiens.
Urban wildscapes
Carabid beetle assemblages of dry meadow habitats in the Helsinki metropolitan area
Plant microevolution and conservation in human-influenced ecosystems
Urban ecology
The ecology of Sulawesi
