http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25319 zombies
zombies
Reiko the zombie shop. Vol. 6
Break my heart 1,000 times
The deformed of body and the devious of mind
The walking dead : a new frontier : PS4
The reckoning
The walking dead. Volume 12 : Life among them
Is this a zombie? 4 : Huh? "Bouncy  volume 4
The walking dead. Volume 16 : A larger world
Do all roads lead to ruin? Six months have passed since the terrifying battle with Charlie Pink-eye and the Motor City Hammer in the zombie-infested mountains of the Rot and Ruin. It's also six months since Benny Imura and Nix Riley saw something that changed their lives. Now, after months of rigorous training, Benny, his zombie-hunter brother Tom and a few other friends are ready to leave their home forever and search for a better future. But everything that can possibly go wrong does. And not everyone in Benny's small band of travellers will make it out alive / WorldCat.
The last kids on Earth and the zombie parade
Marvel zombies : the complete collection. Vol. 3
A plague of zombies : an Outlander novella
Chinatown and the mystery of Mr. Wicker
Reiko the zombie shop. Vol. 5
The Zombie survival guide : Recorded attacks
The zombie apocalypse
Future ratboy and the invasion of the Nom Noms
Sankarea : undying love. 2
The walking dead. Volume 20 : All out war. part one
The horror of Collier County
Death's greedy comeuppance
Sankarea : undying love. 5
The walking dead : All out war. Ap edition
Abstract: Bottlenecks in Knitwear and Knitted Bottlenecks, Knitwear Pro-duction with 3D technology in Finland. The objective of this research was to look into integrated seamless knitwear production, also known as 3D. The latest developments in knitwear production like 3D were supposed to change the whole industry but nevertheless changes are happening slowly. As a tech-nique, it is unique in clothing production while the machine can knit a complete sweater in less than an hour. The integral knitting technique to make seamless knitwear has many advantages but also some obstacles and limitations and in this research, those will be looked at more carefully. This was carried out as an action research by co-operating with one local producer Kutomo Holopainen in Finland by investigating knitting samples and prototypes and testing the possibilities with 3D.  There is a very limited amount of garment production left in Europe and in Finland. New 3D production methods and printers are expected to bring industries and jobs back from the Far East and, therefore, the reasons for global sourcing and also future scenarios are discussed for textile and fashion industry for the EU by 2020.  The focus will be on the design of the products together with the 3D production. Good de-sign should not only help selling the products but in this case also saves time and money in production. The production is run by a technician and one of the challenges is to have good communication between the technician and the designer. Knitwear together with 3D production should give excellent opportunities in finding interesting solutions in both what comes to the look of the products and the manufacturing.
Battle of the zombies
Benny, Nix, Lou, and Lilah journey through a fierce wilderness that was once America searching for the jet they saw months ago, while evading fierce animals and a new kind of zombie / WorldCat.
The quest for the diamond sword : an unofficial gamer's novel
Those that is damned
The walking dead. Volume 9 : Here we remain
Reiko the zombie shop. Vol. 2
This book is full of spiders : seriously, dude, don't touch it
Dead boy detectives. Volume 1 : Schoolboy terrors
The walking dead. Volume 6 : This sorrowful life
The walking dead. Volume 15 : We find ourselves
Scenes from the epic life of a total genius
The walking dead. Volume 18 : What comes after
Zombo : Can I eat you please
Virtue and the grim consequences thereof
In Crimson Death, the twenty-fifth Anita Blake, Anita is tested like never before in a showdown that will delight readers of Charlaine Harris and Anne Rice. Anita's sometimes lover, servant, and friend - is kidnapped and she heads to Ireland. There she must face off against the vampire who created him. M'Lady, Moroven, Nemhain...under every name she brings terror and destruction. But Anita brings her own weapon to the party: Edward, the man known as Death itself...
Resident evil : origins collection : Xbox One
Memoirs of a neurotic zombie
The living and the dead
The awakening
Nothin' but misery
Feedback
I am a hero. Omnibus 1
Reiko the zombie shop. Vol. 1
Buffy the vampire slayer. Season 9, volume 3, Guarded
Dying Light : the following : Xbox One
The girl with all the gifts
Twenty-two short stories, eleven of which were previously published, based on the Rot & Ruin series in which fifteen-year-old Benny Imura and his friends fight a zombie plague in a post-apocalyptic America. Includes a related comic book script / WorldCat.
The dark and hollow places
Fire & ash
On her majesty's behalf
Your brothers blood
Sankarea : undying love. 10
Is this a zombie? 3 : No this is beloved volume 3
Calamity of conscience
Night of the living dead
The queen of zombie hearts
Breathers : a zombie's lament
Breathe : everyone has to do it
The walking dead. Volume 13 : Too far gone
Through the zombie glass
The shambling guide to New York City
Revival. Volume four : Escape to Wisconsin
The fall of the governor. Part one
Cured
The Evil dead
The stupidest angel : a heartwarming tale of Christmas terror
The walking dead. [vol. 3]
World war Z : an oral history of the zombie war
The best of tomes of the dead. vol. 1
A place of heartache and grief
"Fan favorite David Wong takes readers to a whole new level with this blistering sequel to the cult sensation John Dies at the End, soon to be a movie starring Paul Giamatti Originally released as an online serial where it received more than 70,000 downloads, John Dies at the End has been described as a "Horrortacular", an epic of "spectacular" horror that combines the laugh out loud humor of the best R-rated comedy, with the darkest terror of H.P. Lovecraft. The book went on to sell an additional 60,000 copies in all formats.As the sequel opens, we find our heroes, David and John, again embroiled in a series of horrifying yet mind-bogglingly ridiculous events caused primarily by their own gross incompetence. The guys find that books and movies about zombies may have triggered a zombie apocalypse, despite a complete lack of zombies in the world. As they race against the clock to protect humanity from its own paranoia, they must ask themselves, who are the real monsters? Actually, that would be the shape-shifting horrors secretly taking over the world behind the scenes that, in the end, make John and Dave kind of wish it had been zombies after all. Hilarious, terrifying, engaging and wrenching, This Book Is Full of Spiders, the next thrilling installment, takes us for a wild ride with two slackers from the midwest who really have better things to do with their time than prevent the apocalypse.  "--
Braindead
The end games
Recorded attacks
Imagine a city within a city, where monsters walk the street and magic fills the night. This is New York, but not as you know it. This New York is a city of magic and monsters. Where ordinary people live alongside demons and nightmares, completely unaware of them. New York is home to M, a man with a past...and a secret. He knows more about the creatures who call his city home than anyone else in the world. He walks between the two worlds, at home in neither but more than comfortable in both. M is the man the monsters call when things get bad. And things are about to get really, really bad.
Zom-B baby
A city dreaming
Sankarea : undying love. 9
The Familiars : circle of heroes
When Benny Imura and his friends learn that a scientist may have discovered a cure for the zombie plague, they mount a search and rescue mission, unaware that the reapers want the cure to wipe humanity off the face of the earth / WorldCat.
Reiko the zombie shop. Vol. 3
The making of zombie wars
Affliction : an Anita Blake, vampire hunter, novel
Mortlock
The walking dead. Volume 7 : The calm before
Closure limited and other zombie tales
Sankarea : undying love. 6
The walking dead. Volume 11 : Fear the hunters
From bestselling authors Jason Hazeley and Joel Morris - a nugget of wisdom in the phenomenal Ladybirds for Grown Ups series. This delightful book is the latest in the series of Ladybird books which have been specially planned to help grown-ups with the world about them. The large clear script, the careful choice of words, the frequent repetition and the thoughtful matching of text with pictures all enable grown-ups to think they have taught themselves to cope. Featuring original Ladybird artwork alongside brilliantly funny, brand new text.
The walking dead. Volume 23 : Whispers into screams
FEEDBACK is a full-length Newsflesh novel which overlaps the events of the acclaimed and New York Times bestselling novel FEED. For the first time it reveals what happened from the perspective of reporters covering the Democrats' side of the story. There are two sides to every story...The year was 2014. We had cured cancer. We had beat the common cold. But in doing so we unleashed something horrifying and unstoppable. The infection spread leaving those afflicted with a single uncontrollable impulse: FEED. Now, twenty years after the Rising, a team of scrappy underdog reporters relentlessly pursue the truth while competing against the superstar Masons, surrounded by the infected, and facing more insidious forces working in the shadows.
I am a hero. Omnibus 2
A mysterious multi-millionaire invites a collection of rich and powerful men and women from around the world to his exclusive hotel on the cost of Acapulco. As they leave Heathrow airport, the events at All Hallows Church, which sparked the zombie plague, break out. Now the guests must battle each other, the resentful locals, the impending horde of undead, and the land itself.
"Originally released as an online serial where it received more than 70,000 downloads, John Dies at the End has been described as a "Horrortacular", an epic of "spectacular" horror that combines the laugh out loud humor of the best R-rated comedy, with the darkest terror of H.P. Lovecraft. The book went on to sell an additional 60,000 copies in all formats. As the sequel opens, we find our heroes, David and John, again embroiled in a series of horrifying yet mind-bogglingly ridiculous events caused primarily by their own gross incompetence. The guys find that books and movies about zombies may have triggered a zombie apocalypse, despite a complete lack of zombies in the world. As they race against the clock to protect humanity from its own paranoia, they must ask themselves, who are the real monsters? Actually, that would be the shape-shifting horrors secretly taking over the world behind the scenes that, in the end, make John and Dave kind of wish it had been zombies after all. Hilarious, terrifying, engaging and wrenching, This Book Is Full of Spiders, the next thrilling installment, takes us for a wild ride with two slackers from the midwest who really have better things to do with their time than prevent the apocalypse. "--
Zombie baseball beatdown
The walking dead. Volume 2 : Miles behind us
Reiko the zombie shop. Vol. 4
The walking dead. Volume 8 : Made to suffer
Is this a zombie? 6 : What the - ?! Lucky Letch volume 6?!
The forest of hands & teeth
Jojo's bizarre adventure. Part 1, Phantom blood. 03
COULD YOU FIND A MUSEUM FOR A MONSTER? OR A JAZZ BAR FOR A JABBERWOCK? Zoe writes travel guides for the undead. And she's good at it too - her new-found ability to talk to cities seems to help. After the success of The Shambling Guide to New York City, Zoe and her team are sent to New Orleans to write the sequel. Her career isn't all that brings her to New Orleans. The only person who can save Zoe's boyfriend from zombism is rumoured to live in the city's swamps, but she's out of her element in the wilderness. With her supernatural colleagues waiting to see her fail, and rumours of a new threat hunting citytalkers, can Zoe stay alive long enough to finish her next book?
Loving dead
Heaps of ruination
My murderous childhood (and other grievous yarns)
The walking dead. Volume 22: A New Beginning
Sankarea : undying love. 11
Them that raised us lament
Wicked inclinations
The fallen
Zombie apocalypse! : Acapulcalypse now
Terror town
Crimson death
Sankarea : undying love. 3
Flesh & bone
The walking dead. Volume 21 : All out war. part two
Is this a zombie? 5 : Nhuh? Volume 5 is a school paradise?
Trouble In Zombie-Town
The fall of the governor. Part two
Zom-B Circus
By the blood of heroes
Because of the disaster that was her last job, Zoe is searching for a fresh start as a travel book editor in the tourist-centric New York City. After stumbling across a seemingly perfect position though, Zoe is blocked at every turn because of the one thing she can't take off her resume --- human. Not to be put off by anything -- especially not her blood drinking boss or death goddess coworker -- Zoe delves deep into the monster world. But her job turns deadly when the careful balance between human and monsters starts to crumble -- with Zoe right in the middle.
Revival. Volume two : Live like you mean it
How Harry Riddles made a mega-amazing zombie movie
The walking dead. Volume 14 : No way out
Zombies : a record of the year of infection
Sankarea : undying love. 8
The walking dead. Volume 10 : What we become
The walking dead. Volume 3 : Safety behind bars
The ghost train to New Orleans
Revival. Volume three : A faraway place
Zom-b clans
Zombies : a cultural history
Dead ice : an Anita Blake vampire hunter novel
Is this a zombie? 7 : Yes, the little one is a volume 7 of justice!
Resident evil : origins collection : PS4
Undeadly : the reaper diaries
The end
Bottlenecks in Knitwear and Knitted Bottlenecks : Knitwear Production with 3D Technology in Finland
The zombie survival guide : complete protection from the living dead
Creepy presents Bernie Wrightson : the definitive collection of Bernie Wrightson's stories and illustrations from the pages of Creepy and Eerie
The summoning
Creepy presents Alex Toth : the definitive collection of Alex Toth's stories from Creepy and Eerie
