http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25302 scars
scars
Cosmetics and dermatological problems and solutions : a problem based approach
Assessment of skin scars in clinical practice and scientific studies : introducing spectrocutometry, a new objective method
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 2, The two hitokiri
Copper heart
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 4, Dual conclusions
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 7, In the 11th year of Meiji, may 14th
Plasminogen activation in epiretinal membranes
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 8, On the east sea road
Burn care and rehabilitation : principles and practice
Chemical peels
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 5
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 1, Meiji swordsman romantic story
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 9, Arrival in Kyoto
Former police sergeant Maria Kallio gladly left her tiny Finnish hometown of Arpikylä without looking back. But even though Maria despises the small town and the acrid smell from its now-closed copper mine, when Arpikylä's sheriff asks her to serve as deputy sheriff for the summer, she agrees. What should have been a quiet summer soon turns dramatic'and deadly. Meritta, an outspoken local artist, plunges to her death from the copper mine's tower, and Maria immediately suspects someone helped her fall. Now Maria must face the harsh truth that one of the town's residents killed Meritta, and friends Maria has known for decades all harbor their own murderous motives'even Johnny, her gorgeous former crush who almost makes her forget about her long-distance boyfriend, Antti, who is studying in Chicago. In this thrilling addition to the internationally successful Maria Kallio mystery series, the past and present of the beloved Finnish detective violently collide, leaving her future in grave danger.
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 10, Mitsurugi, master and student
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 6, No worries
Rurouni Kenshin. Vol. 3, A reason to act
"Cosmetics for skin, hair, and nails play a vital part in the management and treatment of many dermatological conditions; unfortunately, they may also at times be the cause of some dermatological problems. They are therefore subjects where dermatologists need to be aware of the major commercial developments taking place, in addition to the many common Over The Counter products already available, in order to be vigilant in checking the possible benefits or disadvantages for patients.This text takes a serious look at the integration of skin care products, cosmetics, hair adornments, and nail cosmetics in the daily practice of dermatology, expanding the realm of disease treatment beyond diagnosis and treatment into the maintenance phase of healthy skin, hair, and nails"--Provided by publisher.
