http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25309 injustice
injustice
"We are living in the most remarkable and dangerous times. Globally, the richest 1% have never held a greater share of world wealth, while the share of most of the other 99% has collapsed in the last five years. In this fully rewritten and updated edition of Injustice, Dorling offers hope of a more equal society." --Provided by publisher.
The existing intersection of social justice and nursing
Capitalist growth is widely heralded as the only answer to the crisis still sweeping the global economy. Yet the era of corporate globalisation has been defined by unprecedented levels of inequality and environmental degradation. A return to capitalist growth threatens to exacerbate these problems, not solve them. In The Poverty of Capitalism, John Hilary reveals the true face of transnational capital in its insatiable drive for expansion and accumulation. He exposes the myth of 'corporate social responsibility' (CSR), and highlights key areas of conflict over natural resources, labour rights and food sovereignty. Hilary also describes the growing popular resistance to corporate power, as well as the new social movements seeking to develop alternatives to capitalism itself. This book will be essential reading for all those concerned with global justice, human rights and equity in the world order. --Publisher's description.
Humanness and dehumanization
Enduring injustice
Malala : a brave girl from Pakistan ; Iqbal : a brave boy from Pakistan
Progress of the world's women 2011-2012 : in pursuit of justice
Injustice : the social bases of obedience and revolt
All involved : a novel
Chaos stalks the world as the war between Bingtown and Chalced escalates, Althea and Brashen cope with their blinded Liveship, and a powerful dragon, capable of untold destruction or redemption, appears. This volume concludes the tale of the Vestrit family, and their part in the history of the Liveship Traders, in a triumphant finale to a unique epic fantasy.
Just and unjust peace : an ethic of political reconciliation
Poverty of capitalism : economic meltdown and the struggle for what comes next
Organizational justice, job insecurity and psychological distress: testing the uncertainty management model
Social analysis of security : financial, economic and ecological crime - crime (in)security and (dis)trust - public and private policing
An untamed state
Two men in town
The Oxford handbook of political philosophy
World ethics and climate change : from international to global justice
The health gap : the challenge of an unequal world
Greed and injustice in classical Athens
The impoverished : humanity's informal majority : (summary)
Injustice and rectification
Althea Vestrit has found a new home aboard the liveship Ophelia, but she lives only to reclaim the Vivacia as her rightful inheritance. However, Vivacia has been captured by the pirate, 'King' Kennit, and is acquiring a keen bloodlust.
Whe n is revolution : irrational right and wrong essays and poems
The rapid growth of diversity within U.S. schooling and the heightened attention to the lack of equity in student achievement, school completion, and postsecondary attendance has made equity and diversity two of the principal issues in education, educational leadership, and educational leadership research. The Handbook of Research on Educational Leadership for Equity and Diversity is the first research-based handbook that comprehensively addresses the broad diversity in U.S. schools by race, ethnicity, culture, language, gender, disability, sexual identity, and class. The Handbook both highly values the critically important strengths and assets that diversity brings to the United States and its schools, yet at the same time candidly critiques the destructive deficit thinking, biases, and prejudices that undermine school success for many groups of students. Well-known chapter authors explore diversity and related inequities in schools and the achievement problems these issues present to school leaders. Each chapter reviews theoretical and empirical evidence of these inequities and provides research-based recommendations for practice and for future research. Celebrating the broad diversity in U.S. schools, the Handbook of Research on Educational Leadership for Equity and Diversity critiques the inequities connected to that diversity, and provides evidence-based practices to promote student success for all children.
Handbook of research on educational leadership for equity and diversity
Game of thrones and philosophy : logic cuts deeper than swords
The sins of the nation and the ritual of apologies
An officer and a spy
The liveship traders trilogy : [3-book bundle]
Ship of destiny
The mad ship
Reflections of systemic justice? : employees' and supervisors' experiences of injustice in the performance appraisal and merit pay context
Love and justice as competences : three essays on the sociology of action
To each one's due : at the borderline of work : toward a theoretical framework for economic, social and cultural rights
The use of assisted fertilization in Finland : health effects and equity
Injustice : why social inequality persists
To each one's due at the borderline of work : toward a theoretical framework for economic, social and cultural rights
Malala a brave girl from Pakistan ; Iqbal a brave boy from Pakistan
The wrong of injustice : dehumanization and its role in feminist philosophy
Expecting to inherit her family's Liveship, Althea Vestrit now must defend this animate, intelligent treasure from both her scheming brother-in-law, who plans to use it as a slave ship, and a nation of ruthless pirates, led by Captain Kennit.
All the pretty horses
Breaking the cycles of hatred : memory, law, and repair
Violence and social justice
Moral minds : how nature designed our universal sense of right and wrong
Abstract (s. 7-8).
Against injustice : the new economics of Amartya Sen
Ratf**ked : the true story behind the secret plan to steal America's democracy
Violence and injustice are the two major political problems the world is facing today. By offering a fresh, innovative analysis of the concept of violence, this book presents an original insight into the nature of injustice, which forces us to rethink the scope and aims of a theory of social justice. More specifically, the book explores three closely related questions: What is violence? What is the relationship between violence and social justice? Can social justice be promoted through violence? This book brings together two bodies of literature, on violence and on social justice, that have hitherto developed and expanded in almost total isolation from each other. Needless to say, violence and injustice have a great deal in common, although it is a mistake to assume that an injustice is simply another word for violence, or vice-versa. Violence and Social Justice tries to make sense of the complexity of the relationship between injustice and violence.
Unusual uses for olive oil : a professor dr von Igelfeld entertainment
Wages, inequality and consequences for the economy
Assessing the uncertainties of climate policies and mitigation measures : viewpoints on biofuel production, grid electricity consumption and differentiation of emission reduction commitments
The great divide
The age of apology : facing up to the past
Ship of magic
Ethnic identity and minority protection : designation, discrimination, and brutalization
