http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25379 family research
family research
This book analyzes the family and residential trajectories of men and women across the twentieth century, which are placed in a long-term generational perspective and in the historical context where they played out. It brings together a set of studies based on data from the Biographies et Entourage (Life Event Histories and Entourage) survey conducted by the Institut National dEtudes Dm̌ographiques (INED) on a representative sample of nearly 3,000 residents of the Paris region born between 1930 and 1950. Inside, readers will discover an insightful analysis of the family that moves away from such traditional concepts as the household or main residence and proposes new ones like the entourage and the residential system. This innovative approach to the family network describes an affective and residential proximity that takes into account the relatives and close friends who have played or continue to play a role in an individual's life.The book first presents a detailed analysis of the Biographies et Entourage survey respondents' parental universe and proposes a practical approach to the notion of parenthood that reveals the family and non-family resources available to individuals. Next, it describes the evolution of the respondents' family networks, both in and beyond the household, and details how these family circles shape their subjective judgments during childhood, adolescence, and adult life. Coverage then goes on to examine the family ties of older adults, the role of grandparents and step-families, the importance of family spaces including often frequented places, and inter-generational family solidarity. Families extend well beyond the walls of the home. Interpersonal relations are constructed throughout the life course and in all the settings where they play out. This book takes this new family reality into account and traces its dynamics across time and space.It provides essential tools for researchers looking to conduct life event history surveys and to develop innovative areas of research in the social sciences.
Methods of family research
Studying families
Customer needs and wants for organizing children celebrations in Helsinki Metropolitan area
Family Beyond Household and Kin : Life Event Histories and Entourage, a French Survey
Routledge handbook of family communication
Children and family in Late Antiquity : life, death and interaction
Modern couples sharing money, sharing life
Children’s Influence on Family Vacation Decision-Making
Participants  home as an interview context when studying sensitive family issues
Thought disorder as a predictive sign of mental disorder:a study of high-risk and low-risk adoptees in the Finnish Adoptive Family Study of Schizophrenia
Exploring family theories
New frontiers in work and family research
Understanding families : a global introduction
In the present paper we investigate how fatherhood influences childbirth in the second union of men in three European countries. We use data from the first wave of the Generations and Gender Survey for France (2005), Norway (2007/8) and Hungary (2004/5) and we apply piecewise exponential event history models. The analysis complements earlier literature by focusing on men, taking a comparative perspective, looking at change over time, considering both cohabiting and marital unions, and also differentiating between the effects of non-residential and (part- or full-time) residential fatherhood.    Findings show that the probability of childbearing in the second union is the lowest if both partners already have child(ren) and highest if neither of them are parents. However we found different results if only one of the partners has pre-union children in the three countries. Findings are discussed in view of demographic trends, family and gender role attitudes, and relevant family policies.
Family research : a sixty-year review, 1930-1990. Vol. 2
Nodes of Contemporary Finnish Literature
Studying Sensitive and Contradictory Family Situations - Considerations from Three Family Studies
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
Fashioning family theory : new approaches
The illusion of the prolongation of youth
"Foundations of Family and Consumer Sciences: Careers Serving Individuals, Families and Communities introduces the history of the profession and career opportunities. For each area, career opportunities are explored and trends are surveyed. Career planning strategies are described. Professional profiles and case studies give students an insight into the profession"--Provided by publisher.
The Road to Parenthood: Income and First Births in Sweden
Themes in family and consumer sciences : a book of readings 2001.. Volume 2
Researching intimacy in families
Family theories
Families with futures : a survey of family studies for the 21st century
Families and the social space of school choice in urban Finland
Exploring marriages and families
Vulnerability signs of mental disorders in adoptees with genetic liability to schizophrenia and their controls measured with Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory
Determinants of institutional care at older ages in Finland
Families in transition : social change, family formation and kin relationships
The monsters of Templeton
Recording oral history : a guide for the humanities and social sciences
The new family?
Handbook of family theories : a content-based approach
Personality disorders in the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort Study
Researching families and relationships : reflections on process
Sourcebook of family theories and methods : a contextual approach
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
The family in global transition
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
Internationalization pathways of family SMEs
Family demography : methods and their application
An examination of nonresponse in a study on daily family life : I do not have time to participate, but I can tell you something about our life
Transnational families in the making : the Polish experience of living between Poland and Finland during and after the Cold War
Family research : a sixty-year review, 1930-1990. Vol. 1
Family reconstitution : new information or misinformation?
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
This paper considers the effect of income on the risk of having the first births in Sweden from 1968 to 2009. Variations by gender are given particular atention. The study follows men and women from the moment they turn 18 until they enter parenthood and it is based on register-based data covering the entire population of Sweden. Complementary log-log models show that there is a positive association between income and the risk of childbearing. The association gets stronger over time and the differences between men and women diminish. Gender differences appear when the income effect is related to the demand for work in the economy. An income above the median does not increase the risk of childbearing for women when the demand for work is relatively high.
Governance in immigrant family businesses : enterprise, ethnicity and family dynamics
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
Men's Fertility in Second Unions in Three European Countries: The Effect of Parenthood Status
Key concepts in family studies
Photography as family ritual : visual narratives in a Finnish family photo album
Shared fate : a theory of adoption and mental health
The Nordic family : perspectives on family research. 2
Measures of family functioning for research and practice
Family transitions : continuity and change over the life cycle
Researching families and communities : social and generational change
Well-being in Finland: A comparison of municipalities and residential differentiation in two cities
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
Family careers : developmental change in families
Demographic background of changes in the life patterns of families in the Nordic countries
Antecedents and consequences of long-term unemployment
International family nursing research congress : towards new challenges in family nursing : 13-15 May 1999 Tampere Finland :  book of abstracts
Family tourism : multidisciplinary perspectives
Introduction to family processes
A long journey : a documentary novel of a family̕ s history
Family variables : conceptualization, measurement, and use
Foundations of family and consumer sciences : careers serving individuals, families, and communities
Grandparental investments and family dynamics in contemporary Europe
Family continuity and change : contemporary European perspectives
Comparative family systems
Understanding the family
Engaging theories in family communication : multiple perspectives
The sociology of the family : new directions for Britain
Ritual in family living
Families count : effects on child and adolescent development
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
Construction of the entrepreneurial identity in the family business context : a cross-cultural study
Abstract: Grandparental investments and family dynamics in contemporary Europe.
School differences and inequities in educational outcomes : PISA 2000 results of reading literacy in Finland
Statictical assessment research of family business populations in Finland
Differences in well-being are examined at two regional levels. First, variations in well-being are studied based on municipal statistics by three indices that represent different aspects of life. The examination shows that the most problematic areas are in eastern and northern Finland. Second, residential differentiation is examined in two metropolitan areas, Helsinki and Tampere, through two variables: families with children and residents with university education. Metropolitan Helsinki is divided into socially distinctive residential areas. Low levels of education and the threat of unemployment concentrate in the northern and eastern parts of the city. Such clear socio-economic differentiation cannot be found in Metropolitan Tampere.
Beyond the family : the social organization of human reproduction
Father involvement in the early years : an international comparison of policy and practice
The family in perspective
Adolescent ADHD and family environment—an epidemiological and clinical study of ADHD in the Northern Finland 1986 Birth Cohort
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
Contemporary theories about the family : general theories/theoretical orientations. Vol. 2
The politics and policies of reproductive agency
Family change practices, policies, and values
Korean families : continuity and change
Family storytelling : negotiating identities, teaching lessons, and making meaning
Researching life stories and family histories
Do men mother? : fathering, care, and domestic responsibility
