http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2538 state (public sector entities)
state (public sector entities)
Political power and social classes
American political science : a profile of a discipline
The study of public policy
Government versus markets : the changing economic role of the state
Religion and the state in Russia and China : suppression, survival, and revival
Interpretation and method : empirical research methods and the interpretive turn
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
(Why on Earth) should small states do expeditionary operations?
Christian anarchism : a political commentary on the Gospel
The economic borders of the state
The underground railroad : a novel
Displacement of social policies
Air pollution deaths in Europe 2020 : a survey
Church and state : religious nationalism and state identification in post-communist Romania
Governmentality : current issues and future challenges
National Audit Office's reports to Parliament on the monitoring of election financing
"Vito Tanzi offers a truly comprehensive treatment of the economic role of the state in the twentieth and twenty-first centuries from a historical and world perspective. The book addresses the fundamental question of what governments should do, or have attempted to do, in economic activities in past and recent periods. It also speculates on what they are likely or may be forced to do in future years. Although other recent titles in economics deal with normative theories, public choice theories, welfare state analysis, social protection, and the like, no other book has the same breadth or depth specifically on the state's viable economic role. The author occupies a unique position in global public finance, having served for nearly three decades as a leading fiscal administrator for the International Monetary Fund, financial adviser to 80 countries, and active economic theorist. The investigation assembles a large set of statistical information that should prove useful to policy-makers and scholars in the perennial discussion of government's optimal economic roles. It will become an essential reference work on the analytical borders between the market and the state, and on what a reasonable "exit strategy" from the current fiscal crises should be".
The study of politics : the present state of American political science
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Sweden and the revival of the capitalist welfare state
Arctic strategies and policies : inventory and comparative study
Rebel with a just cause : a political journey against the winds of the 20th century. Volume 2, [Reminiscences (1922-1951)]
Theory and methods in political science
A philosophy of concrete life : Carl Schmitt and the political thought of late modernity
As a detective lieutenant with the LAPD, Peter Decker witnessed enough ugliness and chaos for a lifetime. Now, he and his devoted wife Rina Lazarus are ready to enjoy the quiet beauty of upstate New York, where they can be closer to their four adult children and their foster son. But working for the Greenbury Police department isn't as fulfilling as Decker hoped. While Rina has adapted beautifully to their new surroundings, Decker is underwhelmed and frustrated by his new partner, Tyler McAdams, a former Harvard student and young buck with a bad 'tude. Just when he thinks he's made a mistake, Decker is called to his first real crime here--a possible break-in at the local cemetery. At first, it seems like a false alarm until it's discovered that a mausoleum's stunning Tiffany panels have been replaced by forgeries. Then, a coed at one of the exclusive local colleges is brutally murdered. Poking into the hallowed halls of academia to find a killer, Decker and McAdams are drawn deep into a web of dark secrets, cold case crimes, international intrigue, and ruthless people who kill for sport. Suddenly, the job is anything but boring. This case just might be too much to handle and Decker will have to draw on every ounce of experience that he has garnered in the past thirty years as a Homicide cop. And then again, even that might not be enough!
Happiness as enterprise : an essay on neoliberal life
Political science : an informal overview
The article compares the role in welfare provision of the majority churches in Finland, Norway and Sweden. The Nordic welfare state model implies a large public sector and a correspondingly small contribution to welfare provision by the voluntary sector, of which church-based welfare activities, as defined in the article, are part. The data used in the article are derived from a European project, 'Welfare and religion in a European perspective', concerning the role of European majority churches as agents of welfare provision. The findings show many similarities between the Nordic cases, but also some differences. In all cases it is clear that both the church and the public authorities take the Nordic welfare state model more or less for granted. The Swedish and Norwegian cases, unlike the Finnish one, show that the public authorities at the municipal level are fairly unfamiliar with local church-based welfare activities. The article raises topical questions as to the role of the Nordic churches in social policy and as moral authorities in contemporary society.Keywords: Welfare, Church, Finland, Norway, Sweden.
Dialogue forum between the civil societies and government institutions of Mexico and the European Union
Human nature in politics : the dynamics of political behavior
The international legal status of Austria 1938-1955
The developmental welfare state in Scandinavia : lessons for the developing world
A slant of light : a novel
Development discourses of the low human development index : countries in UN post-2015 discussion
The States and public higher education policy : affordability, access, and accountability
The systematically revised third edition of the leading text on approaches and methods in political science features a considerable internatizationization in both the team of contributors and the range of coverage and examples. About half the chapters are entirely new and the rest are substantially revised and updated.
The Aftermath of the Russian debt crisis
Graždanskoe obŝestvo na Evropejskom Severe : ponâte i kontekst : materialy meždunarodnogo seminara, Sankt-Peterburg 18-19.01/96 = [Civil society in the European North]
Dimensions of political analysis : an introduction to the contemporary study of politics
Essays on debt financing, firm performance, and banking in emerging markets
"Morality is not declining in the modern world. Instead, a new morality is replacing the previous one. Centered on individual self-fulfillment, and linked to administrative government, it permits things the old morality forbid, like sex for pleasure, but forbids things the old morality allowed, like intolerance and equality of opportunity"--
State-building in Russia : the Yeltsin legacy and the challenge of the future
The political sociology of the state : essays on the origin, structure, and impact of the modern state
The fourth revolution : the global race to reinvent the state
What is politics? : the activity and its study
Anarchy, state, and utopia
Christian anarchism has been around for at least as long as "secular" anarchism. The existing literature cites Leo Tolstoy as its most famous (sometimes even as the only) proponent, but there are many others, such as Jacques Ellul, Vernard Eller, Dave Andrews or the people associated with the Catholic Worker movement. Both individually and collectively, these Christian anarchists offer a compelling critique of the state, the church and the economy based on numerous passages from the New Testament. Christian anarchism, the first generic study bringing together these different thinkers and reflecting on their contribution, is here made available in an abridged edition, thereby presenting Christian anarchism to a wider public. -- Cover.
Moxyland
Natchez burning
Reporting of state-owned enterprises for parliamentary supervision
Regional budgets and intergovernmental transfers in Russian  North and Northwest regions
Recognition of governments : legal doctrine and state practice, 1815-1995
Political ideas and ideologies : a history of political thought
A pre-view of policy sciences
The state and economic growth : papers of a conference held on October 11-13, 1956, under the auspices of the Committee on Economic Growth
The foundations of political theory
Constitutional theory
The changing semantics of civil society : an analysis and critique of present-day European politics
Shadow economy, broken social fabric and the will to govern : Calderón rescuing Mexico
The internationalisation of the state: the example of biodiversity-politics
Liberal loyalty : freedom, obligation, and the state
The functional analysis of politics : an introductory discussion
Flight behavior : a novel
The war lover : a study of Plato's Republic
Addressing state fragility in Africa : a need to challenge the established ‘wisdom’?
Biopolitics : search for a more human political science
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
Violence : a new approach
Constitutional democracy in a multicultural and globalised world
Introduction to politics
Essays on the behavioral study of politics
Place branding is happening. A new field of practice and study is in existence and whatever we choose to call it there can no longer be any doubt that it is with us. This collection of intuitive and well-reserached articles examines how places and regions see themselves, and how they reflect this in their branding.
The significance of borders : why representative government and the rule of law require nation states
Imagining the state
The patriarch and the tsar. Vol. 3, History of the condemnation of the Patriarch Nicon by a Plenary Council of the Orthodox Catholic Eastern Church, held at Moscow a.d. 1666-1667
The patriarch and the tsar. Vol. 4, 1, [Services of the patriarch Nicon to the church and state of his country, and their requital by the creation of a merely national or state church in Russia]
An introduction to political science
Nordic majority churches as agents in the welfare state : critical voices and/or complementary providers?
State and society in contemporary Europe
Challenges of globalisation to the nation state
State of the Arctic strategies and policies : a summary
Good bread is back : a contemporary history of French bread, the way it is made, and the people who make it
Exclusive rights and state monopolies under EC law : Article 86 (formerly Article 90) of the EC Treaty
The patriarch and the tsar. Vol. 6, 1, Services of the patriarch Nicon to the church and state of his country, and their requital by the creation of a merely national or state church in Russia
The patriarch and the tsar. Vol. 6, 2, [Services of the patriarch Nicon to the church and state of his country, and their requital by the creation of a merely national or state church in Russia]
The prolonged recession in the Finnish economy has been directly reflected in the public finances, which have posted a deficit for 6 years already. In 2017, the public debt will rise to over 68% of GDP, which is more than double the level recorded in 2008. Given that the longer-term outlook for Finnish economic growth is poor due to the prolonged recession, a dwindling working-age population and industrial restructuring, the upward trend in public debt is disquieting..
Taxes and tax-like payments
European integration and the problem of the state : a critique of the bordering of Europe
Plantation labour, unions, capital, and the state in Peninsular Malaysia
Flexible outsourcing and the impacts of labour taxation in European welfare states
Political research : design, measurement and analysis
Modern government : a survey of political science
Glory over everything : beyond the Kitchen house
A democratic architecture for the welfare state
An ontology for social reality
Usually, a country brand is notŁfocused, resulting in unsuccessful place branding. It isŁpossible to successfully raise your national identity to the level of anŁattractive brand. Building a country brand is an investment, with strong positive returns. This book will guide you along the path to building aŁsuccessful brand.
Social science and policy challenges : democracy, values and capacities
Universities, once at the forefront of campaigns for intellectual liberty, are now bastions of conformity. This provocative book traces the demise of academic freedom within the context of changing ideas about the purpose of the university and the nature of knowledge and is a passionate call to arms for the power of academic thought today.
The elements of political science. Vol. 1, Political behavior
Rousseau's theory of freedom
The public wealth of nations : how management of public assets can boost or bust economic growth
In the maelstrom of secularization collaboration and persecution : Roman Catholicism in modern Czech society and the state
This volume examines the relationship between Nordic social policy and economic development from a comparative perspective. It identifies the driving forces behind the development of the Nordic welfare model and the problems and dilemmas the model is facing at present. The book also traces the link between democratization and social policy, drawing attention to the role of the state and non-governmental organizations. Social Policy and Economic Development in Nordic Countries examines Nordic social policies on unemployment, social care, family, education and health care policies, and reviews future challenges of the welfare state in the information society.
Man and modern society
Idioms of inquiry : critique and renewal in political science
Two decades of discussion on charitable food aid in Finland : analysing the framing by and through the media
The Causes of Canadian confederation
State sovereignty : concept, phenomenon and ramifications
Life in Estonia : handbook 2003-2004
Public budgeting : policy, process, and politics
The origins of political order : from prehuman times to the French revolution
The patriarch and the tsar. Vol. 1, 2, [The replies of the humble Nicon, by the mercy of God Patriarch, against the questions of the Boyar Simeon Streshneff and the answers of the Metropolitan of Gaza, Paisius Ligarides]
Interest representation and state-society relations in East Central Europe
Toward consensus : Catholic-Protestant interpretations of church and state
Conflict regulation in divided societies
Engineers and the making of the Francoist regime
Surveys from exile : political writings, 2
The city-state in five cultures
On the medieval origins of the modern state
Federal and regional states
By a thread
Sycamore row : a novel
Evolving nationalism : homeland, identity, and religion in Israel, 1925-2005
Ends and means : an enquiry into the nature of ideals and into the methods employed for their realization
Islam and the state
Simulation in the study of politics
Territory, authority, rights : from medieval to global assemblages
A man of faith : the spiritual journey of George W. Bush
The nature of political theory
The development of the modern state : a sociological introduction
The making of the modern state : a theoretical evolution
The state and the citizen : an introduction to political philosophy
First & last emperors / the absolute state and the body of the despot
Intellectuals and the state = De intellectuelen en de staat
"The fundamental question of political theory, one which precedes all other questions about the nature of political life, is why there is a state at all. Is human cooperation feasible without a political authority enforcing it? Or do we need a state to live together? This question also reveals two further problems. If a state is necessary to establish order, how (and when) does it come into place? If it isn't necessary, what are the consequences for the political status and economic welfare of its citizens? Combining a wealth of ethnographical materials, historical cases, and statistical analysis, this book describes the foundations of stateless societies, why and how states emerge, and the basis of political obligation. This book models the economic and political roots of inequality, describes the causes of the stagnation of the preindustrial world, and explores what led to the West's prosperity of the past two centuries"--
Foundations of political analysis : an introduction to the theory of collective choice
Medieval political philosophy : a sourcebook
A review of the economic press and literature reveals that there is little research and analysis on the important issue of the Chinese governmental debt and budget deficits. This is astonishing since the Chinese economy has by now climbed to the second position in global GDP ranking. Thus, China's government debt matters increasingly to the rest of the world as well, both in a corporate and a macroeconomic perspective.  Furthermore, not enough is known about the real size of the total Chinese government debt. Insufficient statistical transparency is an important reason for this shortcoming, but this should not serve as an excuse. Increasing efforts are needed to provide China and the rest of the world with better information on the real state of Chinese government debt.  In this paper, an attempt is made to explain and discuss the real situation when it comes to the Chinese government debt. The current Greek/Southern European debt misery clearly shows that opaque statistics cannot be hidden away forever without sooner or later puzzling and/or frightening the financial markets. On the other hand, China cannot be analyzed completely with Western eyes.  The sooner Chinese decision-makers decide on greater transparency in the government debt situation, and decisive steps towards more efficient fiscal policy are taken, the better the consequences for China itself and the global economy. The alternative - continuous opaqueness and a possible future fiscal explosion - could certainly do a lot of harm to China, but also to the global economy. There is no reason to underestimate this medium and long-term risk. The short-term perspective looks safer.  There should be room for a greater exchange of views and co-operation between EU and China, too. The EU's own bad experience from the past few years could be a realistic starting point.  JEL Classifications: D02, D82, H70, H74, O53, P35 .
The role of the Russian Orthodox church in Russia since 1990 : changing dynamics of politics and religion
WTO accession / What's in it for Russia?
The Catholic concordance
The true colors of Finnish welfare nationalism : consolidation of neo-populist advocacy as a resonant collective identity through mobilization of exclusionary narratives of blue-and-white solidarity
"European integration has in many ways been an important attempt to institute a form of political organization that moves beyond the state. For many of the early proponents of European integration, the nation state had become associated with militarism, jingoism and the many devastating wars on the European continent. Drawing on post-structuralist theoretical advances, this book compares practices of European integration with practices of statecraft and argues that far from transcending the modern state form, the practices of European integration in many ways reproduce it. Borg asserts that the project of European integration is plagued by similar ethico-political dilemmas as the modern state, and is ultimately animated by a similar desire to either expel or interiorize difference. In critically examining the practices of European integration, Borg questions whether they may be said to go beyond modern statecraft and what is at stake in such attempts. "--
What makes borders real : in the Namibia-Zambia and Uganda-South Sudan borderlands
Politics and social science
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
The state
General government debt by qua[r]ter
Changing behaviours : on the rise of the psychological state
Building a 'culture of dialogue' among stakeholders in North-West Russian oil extraction
Evil in Africa : encounters with the everyday
"Political and social commentators regularly bemoan the decline of morality in the modern world. They claim that the norms and values that held society together in the past are rapidly eroding, to be replaced by permissiveness and empty hedonism. But as Edward Rubin demonstrates in this powerful account of moral transformations, these prophets of doom are missing the point. Morality is not diminishing; instead, a new morality, centered on an ethos of human self-fulfillment, is arising to replace the old one. As Rubin explains, changes in morality have gone hand in hand with changes in the prevailing mode of governance throughout the course of Western history. During the Early Middle Ages, a moral system based on honor gradually developed. In a dangerous world where state power was declining, people relied on bonds of personal loyalty that were secured by generosity to their followers and violence against their enemies. That moral order, exemplified in the early feudal system and in sagas like The Song of Roland, The Song of the Cid, and the Arthurian legends has faded, but its remnants exist today in criminal organizations like the Mafia and in the rap music of the urban ghettos. When state power began to revive in the High Middle Ages through the efforts of the European monarchies, and Christianity became more institutionally effective and more spiritually intense, a new morality emerged. Described by Rubin as the morality of higher purposes, it demanded that people devote their personal efforts to achieving salvation and their social efforts to serving the emerging nation-states. It insisted on social hierarchy, confined women to subordinate roles, restricted sex to procreation, centered child-rearing on moral inculcation, and countenanced slavery and the marriage of pre-teenage girls to older men. Our modern era, which began in the late 18th century, has seen the gradual erosion of this morality of higher purposes and the rise of a new morality of self-fulfillment, one that encourages individuals to pursue the most meaningful and rewarding life-path. Far from being permissive or a moral abdication, it demands that people respect each other's choices, that sex be mutually enjoyable, that public positions be allocated according to merit, and that society provide all its members with their minimum needs so that they have the opportunity to fulfill themselves. Where people once served the state, the state now functions to serve the people. The clash between this ascending morality and the declining morality of higher purposes is the primary driver of contemporary political and cultural conflict. A sweeping, big-idea book in the vein of Francis Fukuyama's The End of History, Charles Taylor's The Secular Age, and Richard Sennett's The Fall of Public Man, Edward Rubin's new volume promises to reshape our understanding of morality, its relationship to government, and its role in shaping the emerging world of High Modernity"--
Churches holding governments accountable : a resource for reflection, discussion and action
The patriarch and the tsar. Vol. 1, 1, The replies of the humble Nicon, by the mercy of God Patriarch, against the questions of the Boyar Simeon Streshneff and the answers of the Metropolitan of Gaza, Paisius Ligarides
Concerning the city of God against pagans
This book tackles a number of controversial questions regarding Sweden's economic and political development: How did Sweden become rich? How did Sweden become egalitarian? Why has Sweden since the early 1990s grown faster than the US and most EU-countries despite its high taxes and generous welfare state? The author uses new research on institutions and economic reforms to explain the rise, the fall and the recent revival of the Swedish welfare state. The central argument is that a generous welfare state Sweden's can work well, provided that it is built on well functioning capitalist institutions and economic openess.
The author of the New York Times bestseller and beloved book club favorite The Kitchen House continues the story of Jamie Pyke, son of both a slave and master of Tall Oakes, whose deadly secret compels him to take a treacherous journey through the Underground Railroad.  Published in 2010, The Kitchen House became a grassroots bestseller. Fans connected so deeply to the book's characters that the author, Kathleen Grissom, found herself being asked over and over "what happens next?" The wait is finally over.  This new, stand-alone novel opens in 1830, and Jamie, who fled from the Virginian plantation he once called home, is passing in Philadelphia society as a wealthy white silversmith. After many years of striving, Jamie has achieved acclaim and security, only to discover that his aristocratic lover Caroline is pregnant. Before he can reveal his real identity to her, he learns that his beloved servant Pan has been captured and sold into slavery in the South. Pan's father, to whom Jamie owes a great debt, pleads for Jamie's help, and Jamie agrees, knowing the journey will take him perilously close to Tall Oakes and the ruthless slave hunter who is still searching for him. Meanwhile, Caroline's father learns and exposes Jamie's secret, and Jamie loses his home, his business, and finally Caroline.  Heartbroken and with nothing to lose, Jamie embarks on a trip to a North Carolina plantation where Pan is being held with a former Tall Oakes slave named Sukey, who is intent on getting Pan to the Underground Railroad. Soon the three of them are running through the Great Dismal Swamp, the notoriously deadly hiding place for escaped slaves. Though they have help from those in the Underground Railroad, not all of them will make it out alive - Provided by publisher.
Political complexity : nonlinear models of politics
Breaking the mould : an institutionalist political economy alternative to the neoliberal theory of the market and the state
The making of holy Russia : the Orthodox Church and Russian nationalism before the Revolution
Public participation in technology assessment in France
Despite the prevalence of government research and development (R&D) support programs, evaluation studies based on explicit differences in support allocation are rare. In this article the identification of the causal effect of government support on private R&D effort is based on regional differences in eligibility for European Union Regional Development Funds (ERDF) determined by the population-density rule. Our data is constructed by linking a broad R&D survey to administrative data on all R&D support applications in Finland over the years 2000-2006. We find evidence that the support program has induced additional private R&D among the participants who entered it as a result of higher funding in their region. Among this group one subsidy euro induced additional R&D worth at least 1.5 euro.
The role of the Vatican in the break-up of the Yugoslav state : the mission of the Vatican in the Independent State of Croatia : Ustashi crimes of genocide
The early state
Power and civil society : toward a dynamic theory of real socialism
Governmentality, biopower, and everyday life
Issues and methods in comparative politics : an introduction
The modern state
How do we understand violence? The majority of explanations available are often reductive because violence combines different aspects, from gratuitous violence to extreme cruelty. This work outlines a more complex view, which does not omit to describe any features of violence and presents a paradigm for understanding this phenomenon.
Gender, nation, narration : critical readings of cultural phenomena
Tangled threads
State visit as a form of intercultural communication
Political order and inequality : their foundations and their consequences for human welfare
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
Concern over the future of the nation : a discourse analytical study on changes in Russian demographic policy in the years 2000-2010
In August 1998 the Russian Federation was forced to devalue the rouble and declare a moratorium on its debt servicing.Russia was badly hit by unfavourable external conditions, but the main reason for the crisis was the inability of the fiscal authorities to bring the budget deficit under control.When the rouble was devalued, the Russian Federation was unable to meet its domestic or external obligations.The holders of Russia's domestic debt were forced to accept unfavourable restructuring terms, and now also some holders of the old Soviet debt instruments have accepted a significant reduction in the value of their holdings.However, Russia has been willing and able to honour the debts incurred after the Soviet period.Russia's relations with its creditors and international financial institutions have been quite strained in the aftermath of the crisis, and it remains to be seen whether the recent restructuring deal with London Club creditors will mean Russia's re-entry into the international financial markets. .
Academic freedom in an age of conformity : confronting the fear of knowledge
The theory of death
Places : identity, image and reputation
The patriarch and the tsar. Vol. 4, 2, [Services of the patriarch Nicon to the church and state of his country, and their requital by the creation of a merely national or state church in Russia]
International systems and the modernization of societies : the formation of national goals and attitudes
How to brand nations, cities and destinations : a planning book for place branding
Faith in the public realm : controversies, policies and practices
This study overviews the current state of the Chinese state enterprises and bank reforms.Transformation of command economy into market economy has until recently been relatively frictionless, at least in retrospective to other command economies. Recently economic growth has become sluggish which has been blamed on structural factors.Corporate governance reform is recognized as the next key issue of reforms.Despite the economic weight of state owned enterprises is diminishing, the financial sector is heavily linked to the SOE.The current economic woes result from the reckless lending practices, the money was given to those with political influence instead of those deserving.Now, the amount of bad debt is threatening the stability of the financial sector. Institutions required for effective corporate governance are emerging.However, the state wants to retain control over the former state owned enterprises, which hinders the proper functioning of the market.Piecemeal reforms do not appear to suffice and there are some serious doubts of the capacity to finance the reforms.  Keywords: China, Economic Reforms, State Owned Enterprises, Corporate Control .
Prospects for Russias membership in the WTO now look better than any point since accession negotiations began almost a decade ago. Good progress with economic and legal reforms within Russia has left the countrys economy better prepared for membership. Nevertheless, the economy still suffers from various weaknesses including, but not limited to, pervasive subsidies for different sectors, lack of liberalization and foreign participation especially in the service sector, inefficiency in custom administration, lack of enforcement of intellectual property rights, etc.For all their sensitivity, the negotiations on the import tariff levels and access to the service sectors are the least of the problems.Much more difficult will be non-tariff barriers and the general trade-related legislative framework. Resolving the remaining weaknesses would be a complex process. However, given the importance of WTO-related measures for the overall domestic structural reform, any delay in accession would be at least marginally negative for investor perceptions of country risk. Key words: Russia, WTO, tariff, reform  JEL classification: F1, P2. .
Security and defence aspects of the Republic of Serbia's accession to the European Union
Religion, state, society, and identity in transition : Ukraine
Central government guarantees
Strategy papers on the Arctic or high north : a comparative study and analysis
Indigenous nations and modern states : the political emergence of nations challenging state power
Early Neo-Assyrian state ideology : relations of power in the inscriptions and iconography of Ashurnasirpal II (883-859) and Shalmaneser III (858-824)
The civic and the tribal state : the state, ethnicity, and the multiethnic state
Language and politics
Final declaration : twelve theses of New Delhi
Training for model citizenship : an ethnography of civic education and state-making in Rwanda
Fractured
Studies of religion and politics in the early Christian centuries
The Chinese government's new approach to ownership and financial control of strategic state-owned enterprises
The modern state subverted : risk and the deconstruction of solidarity
The new state of Israel
The individual, the state, and world government
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
Sovereignty : power beyond politics
Convergence and demographic transition : a club approach
Scope and methods of political science : an introduction to methodology of political inquiry
Between the state and Islam
The Russian Church under the Soviet regime, 1917-1982. 2
Quantification in the history of political thought : towards a qualitative approach
This paper surveys theoretical literature on fiscal federalism, noting several concepts useful in understanding features typical to countries in transition.We argue that some of the concepts of standard fiscal federalism do not apply to transition economics as they do elsewhere.For example, normally undesirable inter-regional competition may actually benefit the transition process by forcing regions to alter their patterns of public spending.We further suggest that practices such as in-kind transfers may carry additional benefits in a transition environment.The paper makes extensive use of observations from Russia's system of inter-governmental relations. Keywords: fiscal federalism, transitional countries, Russia .
While working for the Greenbury Police Department in upstate New York, Peter Decker must draw from his years of experience as a homicide cop when a break-in at the local cemetery leads him into a world of art forgery and murder that is linked to cold case crimes, international intrigue and ruthless people who kill for sport.
The concert of civilizations
Political science : an introduction
Church under the pressure of Stalinism : the development of the status and activities of Soviet Latvian Evangelical Lutheran Church during 1944-1950
Political science : advance of the discipline
Faith in the Byzantine world
Church-state relations : a challenge for African Christianity
The changing conditions of politics
The critique of the state
Religion and state : : an interdisciplinary roundtable discussion held in Vouliagmeni, Greece, October 1999
Public procurement : a harmonization of the national judicial review of the application of European Community law
"Examines the contemporary discourse on happiness through the lens of governmentality theory"--Provided by publisher.
Gone with the wind
Abstract: Notes on the comparative study of microstates.
State practice regarding state succession and issues of recognition : the pilot project of the Council of Europe = Pratique des États concernant la succession d'États et les questions de reconnaissance : le projet pilote du Conceil de l'Europe
God and international relations : Christian theology and world politics
The public and its problems : an essay in political inquiry
Wolf Hall
The value of violence
"To not die alone" : kinship, love and life cycle in contemporary Havana, Cuba
Social policy and economic development in the Nordic countries
Abstract.
Underground airlines
Islam in inter-war Europe
Power : the natural history of its growth
Religions of the Constantinian empire
Orthodox Russia in crisis : church and nation in the Time of Troubles
Murder 101 : a Decker/Lazarus novel
Well-being in socio-political context : European welfare regimes in comparison
The Chinese government debt : What do we know and what should be done?
Elements of government : an introduction to political science
A Somali nation-state : history, culture and Somaliland's political transition
Fundamentals of political science
Religion, state, and society : Jefferson's wall of separation in comparative perspective
The effect of government subsidies on private R&D : evidence from georgraphic variation in support program funding
Is there a 'new deal' in state-business relations in Russia?
Boundaries of obligation in American politics : geographic, national, and racial communities
Tax and other incentives for start-ups in some European countries
State, society, and democracy : a reader in Namibian politics
The permissibility of indirect environmental taxes and derogations thereof in light of the cumulative criteria for state aid in article 107(1) TFEU
Federalism and constitutional change
The plurality of truth : a critique of research on the state and European integration
Political organization
The Encyclopedia of Political Thought contains over 900 A-Z entries on the most significant political thinkers, theories, concepts, ideas, and schools of thought. Available online or as an eight-volume print set, the Encyclopedia examines the history of political thought, contemporary political theory, and political philosophy. The entries range in size from shorter definitions and biographies to extended treatments of major topics and traditions. The Encyclopedia traces the evolution of political thinking from antiquity to the present and emphasizes the richness and diversity of the field's traditions.
Changing incentives for chinese state-owned enterprises
Islam's global dimension and state : an overview of the ideas of Hassan Al-Banna, Sayyid Qutb and Hassan Al-Turab
Law, power, and the sovereign state : the evolution and application of the concept of sovereignty
"An annotated edition of John Dewey's work of democratic theory, first published in 1927. Includes a substantive introduction and bibliographical essay"--Provided by publisher.
The Greek state
The state and education policy
The limits of state action
Ownership, authority, and self-determination
Valtio : on the conceptual history of the Finnish 'state'
In the name of Vivir Bien : indigeneity, state formation and politics in Evo Morales' Bolivia
The teaching of politics
While the division of Cyprus continues..
Anarchy, state, and utopia is a foundational text in classical liberal thought, in which Robert Nozick created the intellectual underpinnings for what is now known as libertarianism. In his exhortation to limit the state to only the most minimal possible role, Nozick stirred tremendous controversy in an era predisposed to look to government as the solution to social injustice. When originally published in 1974, Anarchy, State, and Utopia was dismissed by many scholars as nothing more than a paean to the bourgeois status quo. But American politics have changed dramatically since then. Anarchy, State, and Utopia has become ever more relevant since the country has caught up with Nozick's ideas--as Clinton proclaimed, the era of big government is over. With fierce argumentation and meticulous logic, Robert Nozick gave birth to a new way of thinking about the relationship between the citizen and the state.
The economic role of the state
The encyclopedia of political thought
Beyond welfare state models : transnational historical perspectives on social policy
Employees Training and Development in Chinese State Owned Companies : Case:LQ Coal-Fired Power Plant
"Considers the contributions of philosophical theories of property rights, political obligation, and self-determination to our moral understanding of political control over geographical space. Focuses on American Indian and other indigenous claims to a separate political status, including potentially to full legal independence"--Provided by publisher.
Faith and polity : essays on religion and politics
Issues in intergovernmental fiscal relations : possible lessons for Economies in Transition
The future of social protection in a unifying Europe = Sosiaaliturvan tulevaisuus yhdentyvässä Euroopassa
Religion and the early modern state : views from China, Russia and the West
Democracy in America
Systems of states
The Routledge guidebook to Plato's Republic
State, law, and economy as autopoietic systems : regulation and autonomy in a new perspective
Based on Walls' long-standing engagement with the Horn of Africa, this book offers a comprehensive and fine-tuned account of the current political landscape of the Somali regions, with a particular focus on Somaliland. It details the country's transition to the current multi-party democracy, and the formation of a hybrid system based on both consensus and representative decision making processes. Somalilanders' impressive ability to manage crises, often at the last moment, and their careful negotiation of nation-state politics and Somali custom are painstakingly examined, offering a powerful counter-narrative to that of the 'failed state' that tends to dominate the region. Walls' analysis of the successes and challenges that lie ahead resonate beyond Somaliland. This book is an essential read for researchers, policy-makers and practitioners with an interest in governance and politics in the region.
This paper considers the reasons for increasing the interest of Russian leaders in improving the investment climate in Russia. The paper shows that this change in economic policy is connected not only to the natural rent decline but also reflects the search of the ruling coalition for a new social base represented by successful medium-sized business. These new trends can be interpreted in terms of the "limited access order" concept developed in the recent works of Douglass North and his co-authors.  Keywords: Russian transition economy, rents, bureaucracy, large and medium-sized business, response to the crises, investment climate  .
States of discipline : authoritarian neoliberalism and the contested reproduction of capitalist order
"It is the present-day, and the world is as we know it: smartphones, social networking and Happy Meals. Save for one thing: the Civil War never occurred.  A gifted young Black man calling himself Victor has struck a bargain with federal law enforcement, working as a bounty hunter for the US Marshall Service. He's got plenty of work. In this version of America, slavery continues in four states called "the Hard Four." On the trail of a runaway known as Jackdaw, Victor arrives in Indianapolis knowing that something isn't right - with the case file, with his work, and with the country itself.  A mystery to himself, Victor suppresses his memories of his childhood on a plantation, and works to infiltrate the local cell of a abolitionist movement called the Underground Airlines. Tracking Jackdaw through the back rooms of churches, empty parking garages, hotels, and medical offices, Victor believes he's hot on the trail. But his strange, increasingly uncanny pursuit is complicated by a boss who won't reveal the extraodinary stakes of Jackdaw's case, as well as by a heartbreaking young woman and her child who may be Victor's salvation. Victor himself may be the biggest obstacle of all - though his true self remains buried, it threatens to surface. Victor believes himself to be a good man doing bad work, unwilling to give up the freedom he has worked so hard to earn. But in pursuing Jackdaw, Victor discovers secrets at the core of the country's arrangement with the Hard Four, secrets the government will preserve at any cost. Underground Airlines is a ground-breaking novel, a wickedly imaginative thriller, and a story of an America that is more like our own than we'd like to believe"--
Soul, self, and society : the new morality and the modern state
In this book scholars from Australia, Japan, Korea, Germany, Ireland, and USA focus on aspects of religion and politics in the early Christian centuries. Contributions engage a host of issues pertaining to Jesus studies, early Christianity and Roman authorities, the destruction of Jerusalem and the Temple, the role of early Christian bishops and their politico-religious strategies, the interplay between Christian and Classical or Jewish models of politics, religious policies of emperors, the degree of religious pluralism, and the abuse of power. Perhaps the most relevant of all for our contemporary situation is the attention the authors pay to civil disobedience, violence, and the ideology of martyrdom.
What teachers expect in reform : making their voices heard
Pace of debt growth disquieting
The cunning of unreason : making sense of politics
This paper considers Russian intergovernmental transfers and possible bases determining their share of regional budgets.By concentrating on ten regions in the North and Northwest, possible causes of the highly uneven per capita distribution of federal funds in these regions are noted.Due to the small sample size and problematic statistical data, the paper confines itself mainly to description.  Keywords: Russia, regions, intergovernmental transfers, regional budgets .
The Swedish model reassessed : affluence despite the welfare state
Jeremy Bentham
