http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25474 the Allies
the Allies
Six months in 1945 : FDR, Stalin, Churchill and Truman--from world war to cold war
Reforming public health in occupied Japan, 1945-52 : alien prescriptions?
Winston's war : Churchill, 1940-1945
Fallen eagle : The last days of the third reich
Aftermath
The deceivers : Allied military deception in the Second World War
The kamikaze hunters : fighting for the Pacific, 1945
POW : allied prisoners in Europe, 1939-1945
Pre-eminent military historian Max Hastings presents Winston Churchill as he has never been seen before. Winston Churchill was the greatest war leader Britain ever had. In 1940, the nation rallied behind him in an extraordinary fashion. But thereafter, argues Max Hastings, there was a deep divide between what Churchill wanted from the British people and their army, and what they were capable of delivering. Himself a hero, he expected others to show themselves heroes also, and was often disappointed. It is little understood how low his popularity fell in 1942, amid an unbroken succession of battlefield defeats. Some of his closest colleagues joined a clamour for him to abandon his role directing the war machine. Hastings paints a wonderfully vivid image of the Prime Minister in triumph and tragedy. He describes the 'second Dunkirk' in 1940, when Churchill's impulsiveness threatened to lose Britain almost as many troops in north-west France as had been saved from the beaches; his wooing of the Americans, and struggles with the Russians. British wartime unity was increasingly tarnished by workers' unrest, with many strikes in mines and key industries. By looking at Churchill from the outside in, through the eyes of British soldiers, civilians and newspapers, and also those of Russians and Americans, Hastings provides new perspectives on the greatest Englishman. He condemns as folly Churchill's attempt to promote mass uprisings in occupied Europe, and details 'Unthinkable', his amazing 1945 plan for an Allied offensive against the Russians to liberate Poland. Here is an intimate and affectionate portrait of Churchill as Britain's saviour, but also an unsparing examination of the wartime nation which he led and the performance of its armed forces.
Hundred days : the end of the Great War
One world, big screen : Hollywood, the Allies and World War II
The barrier and the javelin : Japanese and Allied Pacific strategies February to June 1942.
Why did the whole world go to war? : and other questions about ... World War II
Operation Big : the race to stop Hitler's A-bomb
The D-day kit bag : the ultimate guide to the Allied assault on Europe
Hitler's peace : a novel ot the Second World War
Finest years : Churchill as warlord
Victims of Yalta : the secret betrayal of the allies, 1944-1947
The Soviet Hungarian Republic and the Paris Peace Conference
Roosevelt's lost alliances : how personal politics helped start the Cold War
Japan's Comfort Women tells the harrowing story of the "comfort women" who were forced to enter prostitution to serve the Japanese Imperial army, often living in appalling conditions of sexual slavery. Using a wide range of primary sources, the author for the first time links military controlled prostitution with enforced prostitution. He uncovers new and controversial information about the role of the US' occupation forces in military controlled prostitution, as well as the subsequent "cover-up" of the existence of such a policy. This groundbreaking book asks why US occupation forces did little to help the women, and argues that military authorities organised prostitution to prevent the widespread incidence of GI rape of Japanese women, and to control the spread of sexually transmitted diseases.
The aftermath
Churchill and Malta's war 1939-1943
The winter fortress : the epic mission to sabotage Hitler's atomic bomb
Churchill defiant : fighting on 1945-1955
An illustrated encyclopedia of uniforms of World War II : an expert guide to the uniforms of Britain, America, Germany, USSR and Japan, together with other Axis and Allied forces
'We ourselves were almost awestruck, not so much at the power of the bomb for this we had expected, but because the Americans had used it with so little notice.' R. V. Jones, head of wartime British scientific intelligence A professor of architecture at Cambridge University, Marcial Echenique, recently became curious when he found wiring concealed under the floorboards of his country mansion, Farm Hall in Godmanchester, Cambridgeshire. The mansion had an astonishing past as an MI6 and M1I9 staging post for some of the most daring secret operations of WWII. But in April, 1945, Farm Hall was to play an even more astounding role, as a 'country club' for ten of Germany's top nuclear physicists after they had been captured in Germany and secretly flown back to England in a daring raid codenamed Operation Big. Every word they uttered was bugged by MI6 eavesdroppers using the wires found by the Professor.
Was Hitler a riddle? : western democracies and national socialism
D-day : 70 years later : remembering the battle that won the war
The Battle of Hamburg : Allied bomber forces against a German city in 1943
Eleven days in August : the liberation of Paris in 1944
Six months in 1945 : FDR, Stalin, Churchill, and Truman : from World War to Cold War
Sharing secrets with Stalin : how the Allies traded intelligence, 1941-1945
Monuments men : Allied heroes, Nazi thieves, and the greatest treasure hunt in history
The monuments men
Eisenhower's guerillas : the Jedburghs, the Maquis, and the liberation of France
Fighting men of World War II. Allied Forces : uniforms, equipment and weapons
The Peenemünde raid, the night of 17-18 August 1943
Japan's comfort women : sexual slavery and prostitution during World War II and the US occupation
D-day to Berlin : armour camouflage and markings of the United States, British and German Armies, June 1944 to May 1945
The Hopkins touch : Harry Hopkins and the forging of the alliance to defeat Hitler
Black Cross
Masters and commanders : how four titans won the war in the west, 1941-1945
