http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25403 strategy games
strategy games
Angry birds trilogy : Nintendo 3DS
Chinese chess
Flockers : Xbox One
Strategy : a history
Worms collection : PS3
R.U.S.E. : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Super King : chinese chess
Eco tycoon simulator : project green : PC CD-ROM
In Strategy: A History, Sir Lawrence Freedman captures the vast history of strategic thinking, how strategy came to pervade every aspect of our lives. The range of Freedman's narrative is moving from the advanced strategy practiced in primate groups, to the opposing strategies of Achilles and Odysseus in The Iliad, the strategic advice of Sun Tzu and Machiavelli, the great military innovations of Baron Henri de Jomini and Carl von Clausewitz, the grounding of revolutionary strategy in class struggles by Marx, the insights into corporate strategy found in Peter Drucker and Alfred Sloan, and the contributions of the leading social scientists working on strategy today. The core issue at the heart of strategy, the author notes, is whether it is possible to manipulate and shape our environment rather than simply become the victim of forces beyond one's control. Time and again, Freedman demonstrates that the inherent unpredictability of this environment-subject to chance events, the efforts of opponents, the missteps of friends-provides strategy with its challenge and its drama. Armies or corporations or nations rarely move from one predictable state of affairs to another, but instead feel their way through a series of states, each one not quite what was anticipated, requiring a reappraisal of the original strategy, including its ultimate objective. Thus the picture of strategy that emerges in this book is one that is fluid and flexible, governed by the starting point, not the end point.
Angry birds : Star Wars : Wii
Angry birds : Star Wars : PS3
Star Wars : Imperial Assault
The production & learnings of Trials of the Wolf
Angry birds trilogy : Wii U.
Angry birds : Star Wars : Wii U.
Tropico 5 : complete collection : PS4
Great battles : medieval : PS3
A Study in Emerald is a board game inspired by the Neil Gaiman story of the same name. The premise is simple, the year is 1881 and the ‘Old Ones’ have been ruling the earth for over seven hundred years. Although most of humanity has accepted these monstrous rulers, there is a growing underground movement to overthrow the regime, labeled the Restorationists. A secret war is being fought around the cities of the Europe and the New World between agents of the Restorationists and those loyal to the powers that be. (Valmistajan sivuilta)
Angry birds trilogy : Wii
During the medieval goings-on around Orléans, you must assemble a following of farmers, merchants, knights, monks etc. You need followers and their abilities to expand your dominance putting them to work as traders, builders and scientists. Knight expand your scope of action and secure your mercantile expeditions. Craftsmen build trading stations and tools to facilitate work... You will always want to take more actions than possible, and there are many paths to victory. The challenge is to combine all elements as best as possible with regard to your strategy
Flockers : PlayStation 4
Twilight struggle : the cold war, 1945-1989
Cut the rope : triple treat : Nintendo 3DS
Tropico 5 : limited special edition : Xbox 360.
Tropico 5 : limited special edition : PS4
Grand ages Rome : PC DVD
Chess structures : a grandmaster guide
Angry birds : Star Wars : PS4
Angry birds : Star Wars : PC CD-ROM
A game of thrones : genesis : PC DVD-ROM
Confrontation : PC DVD-ROM
Great battles : medieval : Xbox 360
Falling skies : the game : XBOX 360.
Hellsten focuses exclusively on endgame play and covers every type of endgame: pawn, rook, minor piece and queen endgames. He examines many fundamental positions that everyone needs to know, as well as the key themes and characteristics of successful endgame play. – WorldCat.
XCOM : enemy within : Xbox 360.
Falling skies : the game : PS3
Free-to-Play Marketing Strategy: Research and Evaluation
Iron sky : invasion : PS3
Angry birds : Star Wars : PSVita
There be dragons! : an ethnographic inquiry into the strategic practices and process of World of Warcraft gaming groups
Anno 1404 : gold edition : PC DVD-ROM
Enter the classic Star Wars saga and vie for the fate of the galaxy in the dramatic ground combat of Imperial Assault, a board game of tactical combat and adventure for two to five players! This game introduces two complete play experiences - a campaign game and a skirmish game. In a campaign, one to four players play heroes of the Rebellion, engaging in cinematic missions and battling the Imperial armies under the command of a single player. The skirmish game, on the other hand, allows two players to muster strike teams and battle head-to- head in Imperial bases, the jungles of Yavin 4, and other cinematic Star Wars environments.
E-business as a distributional strategy : case: Veikkaus Oy
Worms : the revolution collection : Xbox 360
Europa universalis III : Chronicles : PC CD-ROM
The Resistance : Avalon
Iron sky : the board game
XCOM : enemy within : commander edition : PS3
Angry birds : space : PC CD-ROM
Angry birds : Rio : PC CD-ROM
Game of thrones : PCDVD
Ports of call deluxe : PC DVD
Angry birds : Star Wars : Xbox One
Sid Meier's Civilization V : Game of the Year edition : PC DVD-ROM
Odin's table
A study in emerald
XCOM : enemy unknown : Xbox 360.
Pirates of Black Cove : PC DVD-ROM
Rollercoaster tycoon 3D : Nintendo 3DS
XCOM : the board game
Angry birds trilogy : PS3
Angry birds : Star Wars : PlayStation 4
Eclipse : new dawn for the galaxy
Worms collection : Xbox 360
Battle sheep
100 top games apps made easy : Android, iPhone, iPad, Google, Amazon Fire, Samsung
Angry birds trilogy : PlayStation 3
Kaleva of Finnish forests : duel of the mythical legends : strategic game from the far North
Clash of cultures
XCOM : enemy unknown : PS3
Angry birds : Star Wars : Nintendo 3DS
The N-dimensional N-person chesslike game strategy analysis model
Paris has fallen. New York is a pile of rubble spilling into the Atlantic. Alien attacks against Nanjing and Changzhou prompt widespread panic throughout the streets of Shanghai. Defense satellites detect UFOs in orbit over Mexico, Russia, and Brazil. Military responses have proven ineffectual. Fear and anxiety lead to widespread riots. Human civilization stands upon the brink of collapse... You are humanity’s last hope. (Valmistajan sivuilta)
Tropico 4 : gold edition : Xbox 360.
There be dragons! : an ethnographic inquiry into the strategic practices and process of world of warcraft gaming groups
Iron sky : invasion : Xbox 360
Diplomacy : a game of international intrigue, trust, and treachery
R.U.S.E. Xbox 360 : don't believe what you see
Angry birds : Space : PC CD-ROM
Angry birds : Star Wars : Xbox 360.
Power Grid : The First Sparks
How to predict the unpredictable : the art of outsmarting almost everyone
Angry birds : PC-CD-ROM
Angry birds : seasons : PC CD-ROM
Why (ICT) law needs (legal) philosophy : a (background to a) story of confusion and strategic games in Finnish IPR law
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
History: Legends of war : PS3
Angry birds trilogy : Xbox 360.
