http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2542 tapestries
tapestries
The Bayeux tapestry : the complete tapestry in color
Viking women : the narrative voice in woven tapestries
Acts of the Tapestry Symposium : November 1976 / the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco
Flemish tapestry in European and American collections : studies in honour of Guy Delmarcel
Global interests : renaissance art between East and West
Kilim : the complete guide : history, pattern, technique, identification
5000 years of textiles
Fiberarts design book five
The unicorn tapestries : at the metropolitan museum of art
Die alten Bildteppiche im Historischen Museum Basel = Les tapisseries anciennes au Musée Historique de Bâle = The ancient tapestries in the Basle Historical Museum
Tapestry
The complete book of tapestry weaving
Tallinna rae piltvaibad = Tallinn Town Council's tapestries
Fiberarts design book. 3
Fiberarts design : Book three
How to design and make banners for sacred and secular festivals
The nine heroes tapestries at the cloisters : a picture book
Regional characterization of reconstruction noise in maximum likelihood estimates in static and dynamic PET : towards quantitative tissue heterogeneity studies
Four hundred years of english tapestries : an exhibition at the Vigo-Sternberg Galleries, november 1 to 12, 1971.
Grand design : Pieter Coecke van Aelst and Renaissance tapestry
Picture vs. weave : Eva Anttila's tapestry art in the continuum of the genre
Five centuries of tapestry : from the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco / Anna Gray Bennett
Innovative jacquard textile design using digital technologies
Modern French tapestries : City museum and art gallery, Birmingham, 4th february-9th april 1972, RCA galleries, Royal College of Art, Kensington Gore, London 19th-6th 1972
Living with kilims
Acknowledged as one of the most important sets of early English tapestries, the Four Seasons set at Hatfield House, Hertfordshire, raise many scholarly questions surrounding the design, production and uses of woven tapestry in sixteenth and early-seventeenth century England. In this new study Michael Bath challenges previous assumptions about both their date and their status as 'Sheldon' tapestries, whilst embarking on a long-overdue explication of their subject matter and iconography.
The Bayeux tapestry : monument to a Norman triumph
Tapestry conservation : principles and practice
European tapestries in the Art Institute of Chicago / Koenraad Brosens ; Christa C. Mayer Thurman, general editor ; with contributions by Pascal-François Bertrand ... [et al.]
The technique of woven tapestry
A history of tapestry from the earliest times until the present day
Tapestry in the Baroque : new aspects of production and patronage
Early decorative textiles
The unicorn tapestries at the Metropolitan museum of art
The making of modern tapestry : my journey of discovery
Jean Lurçat : kuvakudoksia = bildväpnader : Ateneum 26.11-27.12.1970
Contains ninety-three full-color and forty-one black-and-white illustrations of the Bayeux Tapestry of northern France depicting the Norman conquest of England in 1066 and showing William the Conqueror confronting the Anglo-Saxon King at the Battle of Hastings.
Five centuries of tapestry from The Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco
Weaving a tapestry
The Bayeux tapestry : the complete tapestry in colour with introduction, description and commentary
Assessment of skin scars in clinical practice and scientific studies : introducing spectrocutometry, a new objective method
The Bayeux tapestry : new approaches : proceedings of a conference at the British Museum
"For centuries, the creation of Jacquard cloth required the collaborative efforts of teams of designers and technicians working on vastly complex equipment. In the past three decades, developments in loom technology and CAD systems have made it possible for a single individual to design and produce this most challenging class of textiles. Digital Jacquard Design presents a comprehensive introduction to the creation of weave patterning in the era of digitally piloted looms. It offers both aesthetic and technical training for students of figured weaving, covering the Jacquard medium in fantastic breadth and depth. The book is an essential guide for all who create figured textiles with modern materials and tools, and provides the reader with a 'digital' key to access and employ the great textile traditions of the past.Digital Jacquard Design examines the design process from end to end, progressing from visual analysis, sample analysis and weave-drafting methods, to figuring techniques and the selection and building of weaves. It provides a guide to converting traditional drafts to digital polychrome format, a design terminology and a weave glossary. The book concludes with a rich set of case studies to demonstrate ingenious and effective weave and design solutions"--
Inka Kivalo : tapestries and bowls
"Woven bouquet": dyestuff-analysis on a group of Northern Dutch flowered table-cloths and tapestries
Tapestry weaving
The Bayeux tapestry : The story of the Norman conquest: 1066
The Nine Heroes Tapestries at the Cloisters
Bone structural analysis with pQCT : image preprocessing and cortical bone segmentation
Jean Lurçat : tapestries = tapisseries : [Musées de Metz 29.3.1969 - 11.5.1969..., Ateneum Art Museum, Helsinki 26.11.1970 - 27.12.1970] / Rothmans Foundation = Fondation Rothmans
The conservation of tapestries and embroideries : proceedings of meetings at the Institut Royal du Patrimoine Artistique Brussels, Belgium September 21-24, 1987
The Fiberarts design book. 2
The Bayeux tapestry
The Unicorn Tapestries at The Metropolitan Museum of Art / Adolfo Salvatore Cavallo
Familie : het wandkleed van Ernst Ludwig Kirchner in de collectie van het Stedelijk Museum te Amsterdam : [Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, 8.9. - 25.11.2001] / auteurs = authors: Marjan Boot ; met medewerking van = with assistance of Esther Hemmes, Ingrid Romijn, Micke Vogel]
The Bayeux tapestry : the battle of Hastings and the Norman conquest
Woven image : contemporary British tapestry
Great tapestries : the web of history from the 12th to the 20th century
Netter's atlas of anatomy for speech, swallowing, and hearing
French tapestry
Segmentation of folds in tissue section images
Needle lace : techniques & inspiration
Fiberarts design book six
Small woven tapestries
The St. Martin embroideries : a fifteenth-century series illustrating the life and legend of St. Martin of Tours
Conservation research : studies of fifteenth- to nineteenth-century tapestry
Fiberarts design book. 7
Fiberarts design book four
The art of weaving
William Morris textiles
The tapestry handbook : an illustrated manual of traditional techniques
Fashion and textiles : an overview
Tapestry : a woven narrative
Gobelin as part of furniture
Artapestry. 3
The lady with the unicorn - a lady of her time
Great tapestries : the web of history from the 12th to the 20th century / Pierre Vernet...[et al.] ; edited by Joseph Jobé
The art of modern tapestry / : Dovecot Studios since 1912
Russkie špalery : Peterburgskaâ špalernaâ manufaktura = Russian tapestry : Petersbourg tapestry factory
Flemish and French tapestries in Hungary
Tapestry in the Renaissance : art and magnificence
Picture vs.weave : Eva Anttilaś tapestry art in the continuum of the Genre
Catalogue of foreign paintings, drawings, miniatures, tapestries, post-classical sculpture and prints : Lady Lever Art Gallery, Port Sunlight
The Flemish tapestries collected by the Habsburg rulers of the Low Countries are among the most beautiful art works of the Renaissance period. This book places these important tapestries in their historical and cultural context. Part I of the book examines the relationship between the Habsburgs and the tapestry industry in the Low Countries, the roles of the artists who designed the tapestries, the weavers who made them, and of the tapissiers, the court officials who looked after the royal tapestry collections. This is followed by four chapters which document and survey the collections formed by the Habsburg rulers of the Low countries: Margaret of Austria, the Emperor Charles V, Mary of Hungary and Philip II of Spain. Part II of the book is a detailed catalogue of thirteen of the most important surviving Habsburg sets. These include such important tapestries as the Honours, the Hunts of Maximilian, the Armorials of Charles V, the Seven Deadly Sins, the History of Vertumnus and Pomona and the Apocalypse.
The four seasons tapestries at Hatfield House
