http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25457 presentation technology
presentation technology
The Builders Association : performance and media in contemporary theater
Staging the screen : the use of film and video in theatre
The live sound manual
Every day, at work, home, and school, we are bombarded with vast amounts of free data collected and shared by everyone and everything from our co-workers to our calorie counters. In this highly anticipated follow-up to The Functional Art—Alberto Cairo's foundational guide to understanding information graphics and visualization—the respected data visualization professor explains in clear terms how to work with data, discover the stories hidden within, and share those stories with the world in the form of charts, maps, and infographics. In The Truthful Art, Cairo transforms elementary principles of data and scientific reasoning into tools that you can use in daily life to interpret data sets and extract stories from them.
Recording music on location : capturing the live performance
Encyclopedia of fashion details
Illustrating computer documentation : the art of presenting information graphically on paper and online
Be the speaker they follow with breakthrough innovative presentations! This practical guide uses clear language and a concise style to enable you to reimagine, reinvent, and remake your presentations. From preparing for distracting responses and behavior to choosing the best hardware and apps for your needs, you'll gain the skills to present with confidence and power.
Learning Curves : an inspiring guide to improve your design sketch skills
Performance on lute, guitar and vihuela : historical practice and modern interpretation
Fashion design illustration. Children
A guide to style and techniques for all written communication. From the dos and don'ts of English grammar, to jargon and cliches, to the important legal considerations, It advises on how to write clear, appropriate and engaging copy and tailor your approach to different mediums and audiences.
Professional fashion illustration
Presentation techniques : a guide to drawing and presenting design ideas
Practical dimming
How to give a great presentation
The competent public speaker
Whiteboard selling : empowering sales through visuals
Teach yourself visually PowerPoint 2013
Aluminium structures in the entertainment industry
Baroque string playing : for ingenious learners
Resonate : present visual stories that transform audiences
Present it so they get it : create and deliver effective PowerPoint presentations your audiences will understand
Impossible to ignore : creating memorable content to influence decisions
The Builders Association, an award-winning intermedia performance company founded in 1994, develops its work in extended collaborations with artists and designers, working through performance, video, architecture, sound, and text to integrate live performance with other media. Its work is not only cross-media but cross-genre - fiction and nonfiction, unorthodox retellings of classic tales and multimedia stagings of contemporary events. This book offers a generously illustrated history and critical appraisal of The Builders Association, written by Shannon Jackson, a leading theater scholar, and Marianne Weems, the founder and artistic director of the company. It also includes critical meditations from such artists and scholars as Elizabeth Diller, Pico Iyer, Saskia Sassen, Kate Valk, and many others. Technological wizardry in the theater has a long history, going back to the deus ex machina of ancient Greek drama. The Builders Association makes its technological dependence visible, putting backstage technologies center stage and presenting architectural assemblies of screens and bodies. Jackson and Weems explore a series of major productions - from MASTER BUILDER (Ibsen by way of Gordon Matta-Clark) to SUPERVISION (an exploration of dataveillance) to HOUSE/DIVIDED (the foreclosure crisis juxtaposed with the Joads of Steinbeck's The Grapes of Wrath). Each work is described through a series of steps, including "R&D," "Operating Systems," "Storyboard," and "Rehearsal/Assembly." The Builders Association not only traces the evolution of an intermedial aesthetic practice but also tells a story about how a group makes the risky decision to make art in the first place.
Stage management and theatre administration
The functional art : an introduction to information graphics and visualization
Drawing for designers
Presenting yourself : a personal omage guide for men
A practical guide to health and safety in the entertainment industry
Automated lighting : the art and science of moving light in theatre, live performance, and entertainment
Finnish summary.
Drawing for jewelers : master class in professional design
The truthful art : data, charts, and maps for communication
"Be the leader audiences will follow with innovative presentations." Innovative Presentations For Dummies is a practical guide to engaging your audience with superior, creative, and ultra-compelling presentations. Using clear language and a concise style, this book goes way beyond PowerPoint to enable you to reimagine, reinvent, and remake your presentations. Learn how to stimulate, capture, and hold your audience in the palm of your hand with sound, sight, and touch, and get up to speed on the latest presentation design methods that make you a speaker who gets audiences.
Presentation skills in 7 simple steps
The power of infographics : using pictures to communicate and connect with your audience
Practical skills in chemistry
Slide:ology : the art and science of creating great presentations
Product sketches : from rough to refined
Presentation patterns : techniques for crafting better presentations
Isadora Duncan dance : technique and repertory
Dance Production: Design and Technology introduces you to the skills you need to plan, design, and execute the technical aspects of a dance production. While it may not seem that staging a dance production is that different from a play or musical, in reality a dance performance offers up unique intricacies and challenges all its own, from scenery that accommodates choreography, to lighting design that sculpts the body, and costumes that complement movement. This unique book approaches the process of staging a dance production from a balanced perspective, making it an essential resource for dancers and designers alike. Covering a broad range of topics, author Jeromy Hopgood takes the reader through the process of producing dance from start to finish - including pre-production planning (collaboration, production process, personnel, performance spaces), design disciplines (lighting, sound, scenery, costumes, projections), stage management, and more. Bridging the gap between theatrical and dance design, the book includes a quick reference guide for theatrical and dance terminology, useful in giving dancers and designers a common working vocabulary that will ensure productive communication across the different fields.
PowerPoint 2010 : foundation to intermediate guide
Presentation thinking and design : create better presentations, quicker
Graphic recording : live illustrations for meetings, conferences and workshops
Productization of a Web Service : PREPD Presentation Tool
Interior design visual presentation : a guide to graphics, models and presentation techniques
Public speaking : an audience-centered approach
Sketching : product design presentation
Sound and music for the theatre : the art of technique of design
Provides lessons to help users design and deliver creative presentations using Microsoft PowerPoint.
Innovative presentations for dummies®
Verbal art as performance
Presentation zen : simple ideas on presentation design and delivery
How to run seminars & workshops: presentation skills for consultants, trainers and teachers
Projection for the performing arts
On performing lights
Electric shadows : an introduction to video and projection on stage
Light and colour filters
Sketching : drawing techniques for product designers
Drawing for product designers
The cognitive style of PowerPoint : pitching out corrupts within
3D for graphic designers
The graphic facilitator's guide : how to use your listening, thinking & drawing skills to make meaning
Jewelry illustration
The presentation lab : learn the formula behind powerful presentations
How to render : the fundmentals of light, shadow and reflectivity
Presentation Zen Design : a simple visual approach to presenting in today's world
The digital photographer's software guide
Control freak : a real world guide to DMX512 and remote device management
Mode drawing : costume [female]
Camtasia Studio 5 : the definitive guide
Technical communication
The big fish experience : create memorable presentations that reel in your audience
"Helping graphic designers expand their 2D skills into the 3D spaceThe trend in graphic design is towards 3D, with the demand for motion graphics, animation, photorealism, and interactivity rapidly increasing. And with the meteoric rise of iPads, smartphones, and other interactive devices, the design landscape is changing faster than ever.2D digital artists who need a quick and efficient way to join this brave new world will want 3D for Graphic Designers.Readers get hands-on basic training in working in the 3D space, including product design, industrial design and visualization, modeling, animation, lighting, and rendering?all the skills necessary in today's competitive environment. Helps 2D graphic designers gain the skills they need for a competitive job market that increasingly demands the ability to create or work in 3D Covers product design, industrial design and visualization, modeling, animation, lighting, and rendering Prepares you to create designs for iPads and other interactive mobile devices, as well as for print, Web, broadcast, film, HD, video, and more Uses Luxology modo to illustrate 3D concepts, but the author?s techniques and insights will help any artist moving into 3D, no matter what software they use This timely book is just what you need to create compelling and realistic 3D imagery and improve your job skills"--
Talk like TED : the 9 public speaking secrets of the world's top minds
Electrical safety for live events
How to display data
Drawing for 3-dimensional design : concepts, illustration, presentation
Rigging for entertainment : regulations and practice
Infographics : the power of visual storytelling
Writing skills for public relations : style and technique for mainstream and social media
Creating pantomime
On-Location recording techniques
Mastering communication
Dance production : design and technology
Understanding Fukushima : designing for an embodied interaction with citizen science data
Presenting yourself : a personal image guide for women
"Going beyond handling nerves and presenting PowerPoint slides, Develop Your Presentation Skills, 3rd edition, provides you with a practical toolkit for developing a belting presentation and improving your confidence along the way. Step-by-step advice includes practical help with unpicking the original brief, understanding just what the audience wants and constructing compelling content that will keep your audience rapt with attention. Complete with anecdotes and expert input to help you avoid disaster, this new edition includes two brand new chapters, helping you to deliver a presentation 'stripped bare' and how to use new media to engage with your audience. Develop Your Presentation Skills, 3rd edition, will help you find your voice and use it with style; to inform, to persuade, to impress. With over one million copies sold, the hugely popular Creating Success series covers a wide variety of topic, with the latest editions including new chapters such as Tough Conversations and Treating People Right. This indispensable business skills collection is suited to a variety of roles, from someone looking to develop their time management skills for a society committee role, to someone with a business idea looking to build a strategic plan"--
A guide to the harpsichord
Integrating graphical information system models with visualization techniques
The oral style
Informotion : animated infographics
"Scientific Writing and Communication: Papers, Proposals, and Presentations covers all the areas of scientific communication that a scientist needs to know and to master to successfully promote his or her research and career. This unique "all-in-one" handbook begins with a discussion of the basics of scientific writing style and composition and then applies these principles to writing research papers, review articles, grant proposals, research statements, and resumes as well as to preparing academic presentations and posters." "Covering all the facets of communication that scientists need to master, Scientific Writing and Communication: Papers, Proposals, and Presentations is ideal for a wide range of readers - from upper-level undergraduates and graduate students to postdoctoral fellows, faculty, and professional researchers - in the life sciences, medicine, psychology, chemistry, and engineering."
Mode drawing : [costume] : [male]
Develop your presentation skills
Technical management for the performing arts : utilizing time, talent, and money
The sketch book
Fashion illustration next
Scientific writing and communication : papers, proposals, and presentations
Technical Management for the Performing Arts: Utilizing Time, Talent, and Money is a comprehensive guide to the tools and strategies of a successful technical manager. This book demonstrates how you can coordinate personnel, raw materials, and venues, all while keeping a production on a tight schedule and within budget. From concept to realization, through nightly performances, Technical Management for the Performing Arts focuses on the technical and organization skills a technical manager must demonstrate, and emphasizes the need for creativity and interpersonal management of a team.
Performance lighting design : how to light for the stage, concerts, exhibitions and live events
Strategic storytelling : how to create persuasive business presentations
Perform or else : from discipline to performance
Basics : a beginner's guide to special effects
Designing the conversation : techniques for successful facilitation
Covering every phase of a theatrical production, this fourth edition of Sound and Music for the Theatre traces the process of sound design from initial concept through implementation in actual performances. The book discusses the early evolution of sound design and how it supports the play, from researching sources for music and effects, to negotiating a contract. It shows you how to organize the construction of the sound design elements, how the designer functions in a rehearsal, and how to set up and train an operator to run sound equipment. This instructive information is interspersed with 'war stores' describing real-life problems with solutions that you can apply in your own work, whether you're a sound designer, composer, or sound operator.
From one of Inc. magazine's "Coolest College Startups" - the revolutionary three-step method that will transform every presentation into an experience for the audience. Rid the world of bad presentations with: Engaging Content + Memorable and Simple Design + Powerful Delivery Together, these create an unforgettable experience for the audience, The Big Fish Experience. Big Fish Presentations spends every day making the incomprehensible compelling; the mundane interesting; and the complex simple. Whether it's a presentation about an idea, a product, a service, a business, or a cause, at its heart, it's a story. The Big Fish Experience will help you tell yours. Learn how to: captivate with the power of story, enticing visuals, and infectious enthusiasm; inspire with the perfect pitch, a strong message, and a call to action; engage with supreme skill and confidence - and achieve your purpose every time. In this practical, step-by-step guide, you'll find proven techniques and expert tips on new presentation tools; innovative ways to deliver your ideas; case studies of presentations, which you can emulate immediately; and ways to recover if things go wrong. Big Fish Presentations works with clients nationwide - from startups to Fortune 100 companies - to turn presentations into experiences by providing copy writing, presentation design, presentation training, and video production, using the latest, most innovative strategies.
Shakespeare performance studies
