http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25452 legal language
legal language
Sign language interpreting in legal settings in Flanders : An exploratory study into the experiences of Flemish Deaf people in their contact with the justice system
Translation of legal languages : the influence of the European Union on the Finnish legal language
The Oxford handbook of language and law
Dogovornoe pravo : praktika professional'nogo perevoda v âzykovoj pare anglijskij- russkij = Contract law : professional translation practices in the English-russian language pair : učeb. dlâ ûrid. i lingvist. vuzov po special'nostâm "Perevodčik v sfere prof. kommunikacii" i "Urist-perevodčik"
Postmodern jurisprudence : the law of text in the texts of law
A concise law dictionary
Grundwortschatz der Rechtssprache : Deutsch-English, Englisch-Deutsch = Basic vocabulary of legal terminology : German-English, English-German
The lawyer and language
From league of nations mandates to decolonization : a history of the language of rights in international law
Norms and formalization
The development of legal language : papers from an international symposium held at the University of Lapland, September 13-15, 2000
Law and objectivity
Automated analysis legal texts : logic, informatics, law : edited versions of selected papers from the Second International Conference on 'Logic, Informatics, Law' Florence, Italy, September 1985
Making home rules for mother tongues : the legal implications of linguistic diversity in the design of autonomy regimes
Language and human rights : Plenary paper at the Euro-Sign conference, 6-8 September 2001, München, Germany, organised by Deutscher Gehörlosen-Bund
The German legal system and legal language : a general survey together with notes and German vocabulary
The phenomenology of modern legal discourse : the juridical production and the disclosure of suffering
Garner's dictionary of legal usage
Sovremennyj russko-anglijskij ûridičeskij slovar' : okolo 45 000 terminov = Contemporary Russian-English Law Dictionary
Legal frontiers
The language of the law
Law, interpretation and reality : essays in epistemology, hermeneutics and jurisprudence
A genre study on court warrants from the 17th to the 18th century in the London Lives database
The written will in Anglo-Saxon England : an analysis of structural elements and the act of bequeathing
English for contract and company law
Constructing a productive other : discourse theory and the convention refugee hearing
Law and semiotics. Vol. 1, 1987
Doing what comes naturally : change, rhetoric, and the practice of theory in literary and legal studies
"This collection brings together the best contemporary philosophical work in the area of intersection between philosophy of language and the law. Some of the contributors are philosophers of language who are interested in applying advances in philosophy of language to legal issues, and some of the participants are philosophers of law who are interested in applying insights and theories from philosophy of language to their work on the nature of law and legal interpretation. By making this body of recent work available in a single volume, readers will gain both a general overview of the various interactions between language and law, and also detailed analyses of particular areas in which these interactions manifest. The contributions to this volume are grouped under three main general areas: The first area concerns a critical assessment, in light of recent advances in philosophy of language, of the foundational role of language in understanding the nature of law itself. The second main area concerns a number of ways in which an understanding of language can resolve some of the issues prevalent in legal interpretation, such as the various ways in which semantic content can differ from law's assertive content; the contribution of presuppositions and pragmatic implicatures in understanding what the law conveys; the role of vagueness in legal language, for example. The third general topic concerns the role of language in the context of particular legal doctrines and legal solutions to practical problems, such as the legal definitions of inchoate crimes, the legal definition of torture, or the contractual doctrines concerning default rules. Together, these three key issues cover a wide range of philosophical interests in law that can be elucidated by a better understanding of language and linguistic communication"--
The jury summation as speech genre : an ethnographic study of what it means to those who use it
Law, fact and narrative coherence
Languages of law : from logics of memory to nomadic masks
Constitutional language : an interpretation of judicial decision
The law as a system of signs
On the terms "huoltaja", "holhooja" and "edunvalvoja" and their English equivalents
Anglo-russkij ûridičeskij slovar' : okolo 50000 terminov = English-Russian law dictionary approx. 50 000 terms
Semiotics, law and social science
European constitutional language
The Language of statutes : laws and their interpretation
(Re)Defining Freedom of Speech : Language Policy, Education, and Linguistic Rights in the United States
Vocabulaire anglais-français et lexique français-anglais de la common law = English-French vocabulary and French-English glossary of the common law. Tome 2 = Volume 2, Les fiducies = Trusts
Finnish Summary.
Jowitt's dictionary of English law. 2, L-Z : with bibliography
Legal reasoning : semantic and logical analysis
Legal linguistics
Proceedings of the 2nd European IAFL Conference on Forensic Linguistics/Language and the Law
Anglo-russki polnyi juriditšeski slovar = English-Russian comprehensive law dictionary
A concise dictionary of law
Multilingual interpretation of European Union law
"You have the right to remain silent" : silence as an instrument of power in two fictional US courtrooms
Writing and drafting in legal practice
"In an era marked by processes of economic, political and legal integration that are arguably unprecedented in their range and impact, the translation of law has assumed a significance which it would be hard to overstate. The following situations are typical. A French law school is teaching French law in the English language to foreign exchange students. Some US legal scholars are exploring the possibility of developing a generic or transnational constitutional law. German judges are referring to foreign law in a criminal case involving an honour killing committed in Germany with a view to ascertaining the relevance of religious prescriptions. European lawyers are actively working on the creation of a common private law to be translated into the 23 official languages of the European Union. Since 2004, the World Bank has been issuing reports ranking the attractiveness of different legal cultures for doing business. All these examples raise in one way or the other the matter of translation from a comparative legal perspective. Yet, in today's globalised world where the need to communicate beyond borders arises constantly in different guises, many comparatists continue not to address the issue of translation. This edited collection of essays brings together leading scholars from various cultural and disciplinary backgrounds who draw on fields such as translation studies, linguistics, literary theory, history, philosophy or sociology with a view to promoting a heightened understanding of the complex translational implications pertaining to comparative law, understood both in its literal and metaphorical senses"--
Legal writing handbook
A study of epistemology in legal theory
A dictionary of law
Making of multilingual law : the effects of the ordinary legislative procedure on the linguistic uniformity and reliability of EU law
Juristische Logik, Rationalität und Irrationalität im Recht = Juristic Logic, rationality and irrationality in law
Tuomioistuinsanasto = Domstolsordlista = Glossary of court terms = Glossar der Gerichtsterminologie = Vocabulaire de la justice
Seerecht : Terminologie des Seerechtsübereinkommens = Law of the sea : terminology of the convention on the law of the sea
Anglo-russkij polnyj ûridičeskij slovar' = English-Russian comprehensive law dictionary
Misleading cases
Report of the Government on the application of language legislation 2009.
Vocabulaire anglais-français et lexique français-anglais de la common law = English-French vocabulary and French-English glossary of the common law. Tome 5 = Volume 5, Contrats = Contracts
Summary justice : judges address juries
Legal discourse : studies in linguistics, rhetoric and legal analysis
Dictionary of law
Semiotics and legal theory
Equality before the law : Deaf people's access to justice
Report of the Government on the application of language legislation 2013.
Legal writing in plain English : a text with exercises
Law and language
Speech, crime, and the uses of language
Are Deaf people equal before the law? Do they have equal access to the justice system? These questions are exploired in this book which draws upon the work of a major research project, 'Access to Justice for Deaf People in the Bilingual, Bimodal Courtroom'. This project was carried out by a research team at the University of Durham. For three years researchers observed a wide range of court cases in which Deaf people were involved as defendants or accused, witnesses or victims. Some court proceedings were video-taped, but the research team also carried out in-depth interviews with Deaf people and interpreters, as well as conducting a survey among interpreters.
Legal English
Law and semiotics. Volume 3
Stroud's Judicial dictionary of words and phrases : second cumulative supplement to the fourth edition
Computer power and legal language : the use of computational linguistics, artificial intelligence, and expert systems in the law
Stroud's Judicial dictionary of words and phrases
Juristische Fachsprache: Kongressberichte des 12th European symposium on language for special purposes, Brixen/Bressanone 1999
Wanted! : linguistic human rights
Comparative legal linguistics
Meaning, interpretation and the law
Philosophical foundations of language in the law
AI approaches to the complexity of legal systems : models and ethical challenges for legal systems, legal language and legal ontologies, argumentation and software agents : international workshop AICOL-III, held as part of the 25th IVR Congress Frankfurt am Main, Germany, August 15-16, 2011 : revised selected papers
