http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25416 salutes
salutes
Translators and their readers : in hommage to Eugene A. Nida
"The late Byzantine age, from the conquest of Constantinople by the Crusaders in 1204 to the fall of the last independent Greek territories to the Ottomans in 1461, was not only a period of political decline, but also of intensive cultural activity. The essays assembled in this volume discuss the works and lives of various authors (Nikephoros and Theodoros Xanthopoulos, Theodoros Metochites, Nikephoros Gregoras and Manuel Philes), they investigate issues such as ancient Greek and contemporary Western influences on the literary production, and discuss themes of material culture and, with a clear focus on Constantinople, of social, administrative and economical history"--Publisher description.
The Word leaps the gap : essays on Scripture and theology in honor of Richard B. Hays
"Harald Niederreiter's pioneering research in the field of applied algebra and number theory has led to important and substantial breakthroughs in many areas, including finite fields and their application areas as coding theory and cryptography as well as uniform distribution and quasi-Monte Carlo methods. He is author of more than 350 research papers and 10 books"--
Schrödinger : life and thought
East and West in the world empire of Alexander : essays in honour of Brian Bosworth
Re-visioning India's religious traditions : essays in honour of Eric Lott
Sikhism and history
Ecclesiologica & alia : studia in honorem Sven-Erik Brodd
Korean honorifics and politeness in second language learning
The prose Brut and other late medieval chronicles : books have their histories : essays in honour of Lister M. Matheson
Themes from ontology, mind, and logic : present and past : essays in honour of Peter Simons
Recent advances and future directions in causality, prediction, and specification analysis : essays in honor of Halbert L. White Jr
Before his eyes : essays in honor of Stanley Kauffmann
Libiamo ne' lieti calici : ancient Near Eastern studies presented to Lucio Milano on the occasion of his 65th birthday by pupils, colleagues and friends
Palaeography, manuscript illumination and humanism in Renaissance Italy : studies in memory of A.C. de la Mare
Witness of the Berrigans
Studies on Florence and the Italian Renaissance in honour of F.W. Kent
From Rome to Zurich, between Ignatius and Vermigli : essays in honour of John Patrick Donnelly, SJ
Papers presented to Alexander Fodor on his seventieth birthday
Man of the world : the further endeavors of Bill Clinton
Essays in legal theory in honor of Kaarle Makkonen
Makers and users of medieval books : essays in honour of A.S.G. Edwards
Papers dedicated to professor Carl Semb on the occasion of his sixty-fifth birthday, February 19, 1960.
Prescriptive formality and normative rationality in modern legal systems : Festschrift for Robert S. Summers
Peregrinus sum : studies in history of Hungarian-Dutch cultural relations in honour of Ferenc Postma on the occasion of his 70th birthday
Knowledge and wisdom : archaeological and historical essays in honour of Leah Di Segni
The Finnish and Estonian Churches during the Cold War : proceedings of a conference held at the embassy of Finland, Tallinn, Estonia, November 11, 2013
Language typology and historical contingency : in honor of Johanna Nichols
The Creation of medieval Northern Europe : Christianisation, social transformations, and historiography : essays in honour of Sverre Bagge
Kings, Gods and people : establishing monarchies in the Ancient World
Counterpoint : essays in archaeology and heritage studies in honour of professor Kristian Kristiansen
Monuments & memory : Christian cult buildings and constructions of the past : essays in honour of Sible de Blaauw
In Celebration of Mihai Eminescu
"A veteran political journalist chronicles the post-presidential achievements and adventures of Bill Clinton, drawing on interviews with dozens of the former President's colleagues, friends, supporters and family members to examine his philanthropic work, the charges of corruption levied against him, and the ways he continues to inspire and infuriate the world,"--NoveList.
Lotus and laurel : studies on Egyptian language and religion in honour of Paul John Frandsen
Geometry and number theory : a volume in honor of André Weil
Essays on the memorial potential of Christian buildings, of their location, or of the accoutrement, whether or not still in situ, with a special attention to Romes churches. The contributions in this volume are divided in three main sections: Monuments, Places, and Decoration & Liturgical Furnishing. Every essay addresses the memorial potential of Christian buildings, of their location, or of the accoutrement, whether or not still in situ. Not surprisingly Rome re-appears frequently in all sections, with special attention to Romes churches.
This stimulating collection of essays by prominent scholars honors Turid Karlsen Seim. Bodies, Borders, Believers brings together biblical scholars, ecumenical theologians, archeologists, classicists, art historians, and church historians, working side by side to probe the past and its receptions in the present. The contributions relate in one way or another to Seim's broad research interests, covering such themes as gender analysis, bodily practices, and ecumenical dialogue. The editors have brought together an international group of scholars, and among the contributors many scholarly traditions, theoretical orientations, and methodological approaches are represented, making this book an interdisciplinary and border-crossing endeavor. A comprehensive bibliography of Seim's work is included.
Customizing a patchwork quilt : consolidating co-operative studies within the university world : in memoriam professor Ian MacPherson
Robert Altman : in the American grain
The analytic spirit : essays in the history of science : in honor of Henry Guerlac
Crossing imaginary boundaries : the Dead Sea Scrolls in the context of Second Temple Judaism
Multiculturalism rethought : interpretations, dilemmas and new directions : essays in honour of Bhikhu Parekh
Beyond the sociological imagination : a festschrift in honour of professor Pekka Sulkunen
"The title of this wide-ranging collection of essays in German and English summarises the scholarly work of Professor Michael Lattke across two hemispheres. Offered to him on the occasion of his retirement from the University of Queensland, this volume reflects the breadth of erudition for which he has acquired his international reputation. The Odes of Solomon, which figure largely in Professor Lattke's research, are well represented here, and so too is the Gospel of John, which was the subject of his early research. However, the tributes of his colleagues and former students in this book range further to other New Testament writings, Intertestamental works, Nag Hammadi, Gnostic, and Syriac studies, and the field of Patristics." -- Provided by publisher.
Written by leading experts in the field, this edited volume brings together the latest findings in the area of nonparametric, robust and multivariate statistical methods. The individual contributions cover a wide variety of topics ranging from univariate nonparametric methods to robust methods for complex data structures. Some examples from statistical signal processing are also given. The volume is dedicated to Hannu Oja on the occasion of his 65th birthday and is intended for researchers as well as PhD students with a good knowledge of statistics.
The serious game of politics : Festschrift for Matti Wiberg
Greece, Macedon and Persia : Studies in Social, Political and Military History in Honour of Waldemar Heckel
Applied algebra and number theory : essays in honour of Harald Niederreiter on the occasion of his 70th birthday
In the American Grain examines the development of Altman's artistic method, from his earliest days in industrial film to his work as a TV director, feature film-maker and later return to television work.
New soundings in postcolonial writing : critical and creative contours : essays in honour of Bruce King
I sowed fruits into hearts (Odes Sol. 17:13) : festschrift for Professor Michael Lattke
Public declamations : essays on medieval rhetoric, education, and letters in honour of Martin Camargo
Arch celebration : commemorating the 25th anniversary of the Gateway Arch, 1965-1990
Rhetorical arguments : essays in honour of Lucia Calboli Montefusco
Interdisciplinary in scope and grounded in visual, literary, and archival materials, the essays in this book probe many different facets of the society of Renaissance Italy, including the role of kinship and networks, power and agency in Medicean Florence, patronage and spirituality, and the generation and consumption of culture. This volume honours F.W. (Bill) Kent (1942-2010), internationally renowned scholar of Renaissance Florence and founding editor of the Europa Sacra series. Kent belonged to an energetic generation of Australians who, in the late 1960s, tackled the Florentine archives and engaged key issues confronting historians of that ever-fascinating city. With his meticulous archival findings and contextual interpretations spanning a scholarly career of more than forty years, Kent engaged with, indeed drove, the scholarly response to many of the issues that have shaped not just our current and emerging understanding of Florence and other urban centres of Italy, but along with that, a more nuanced view of the role of frontier towns and the countryside. Interdisciplinary in scope and grounded in visual, literary, and archival materials, the essays presented here explore a variety of facets of the society of Renaissance Italy, confronting and extending themes that have been emerging in recent decades and exemplified by Kent?s work. These themes include the role of kinship and networks, power and agency in Laurentian Florence, gender, ritual, representation, patronage, spirituality, and the generation and consumption of material culture.
Medieval into Renaissance : essays for Helen Cooper
Small things wide horizons : studies in honour of Birgitta Hårdh
Bodies, borders, believers : ancient texts and present conversations ; essays in honor of Turid Karlsen Seim on her 70th birthday
The method and culture of comparative law : essays in honour of Mark van Hoecke
Zeit, Geschichte und Politik = Time, history and politics : zum achtzigsten Geburtstag von Reinhart Koselleck
A collection of 27 articles on cultural interactions between Ireland, Britain and the Continent during the early Middle Ages. The pivotal role of Ireland in the development of a decidedly Christian culture in early medieval Europe has long been recognized. Still, Irish scholarship on early medieval Ireland has tended not to look beyond the Irish Sea, while continental scholars try to avoid Hibernica by reference to its special Celtic background. Following the lead of the honorand of this volume, Prof. Dáibhí Ó Cróinín, this collection of 27 essays aims at contributing to a reversal of this general trend. By way of introduction to the period, the first section deals with chronological problems faced by modern scholars as well as the controversial issues relating to the reckoning of time discussed by contemporary intellectuals. The following three sections then focus on Ireland's interaction with its neighbours, namely a) Ireland in the Insular world, b) continental influences in Ireland, and c) Irish influences on the Continent. The concluding section is devoted to modern scholarship and the perception of the Middle Ages in modern literature.
Mummies, magic and medicine in ancient Egypt ; essays in honour of Rosalie David
Current studies in comparative romance linguistics : proceedings of the International Conference held at the Antwerp University (19-21 September 2002) to honor Liliane Tasmowski
E pluribus unum : scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Early medieval Ireland and Europe: chronology, contacts, scholarship : a Festschrift for Dáibhí Ó Cróinín
The borderline between the periods commonly termed "medieval" and "Renaissance," or "medieval" and "early modern," is one of the most hotly, energetically and productively contested faultlines in literary history studies. The essays presented in this volume both build upon and respond to the work of Professor Helen Cooper, a scholar who has long been committed to exploring the complex connections and interactions between medieval and Renaissance literature. The contributors re-examine a range of ideas, authors and genres addressed in her work, including pastoral, chivalric romance, early English drama, and the writings of Chaucer, Langland, Spenser and Shakespeare. As a whole, the volume aims to stimulate active debates on the ways in which Renaissance writers used, adapted, and remembered aspects of the medieval.
Kanon : yearbook of the Society for the Law of the Eastern Churches = Kanon : annuaire de la société du droit des églises orientales = Kanon : Jahrbuch der Gesellschaft für das Recht der Ostkirchen. XV, Κανονικον δικαιον και οικουμενικα = Kirchenrecht und Ökumene = Canon law and ecumenism
Re-imagining South Asian religions : essays in honour of professors Harold G. Coward and Ronald W. Neufeldt
True patriots? : the public activities of the Augustales of Roman Ostia and the Summa honoraria
Kunnianosoitus Hakon Ahlbergille = Honorary award to Hakon Ahlberg
Modern nonparametric, robust and multivariate methods : Festschrift in honour of Hannu Oja
The present Festschrift is a token of gratitude from some of the colleagues and academic partners of Leah Di Segni in Israel and abroad. The various sections into which the book is divided – Urban Sites, Churches and Monasteries, Ethnic Communities, Literary Sources, Religious Life, Theology and Sacred Objects – reflect some of Leah's fields of scholarly interest.
Three empires, three cities : identity, material culture and legitimacy in Venice, Ravenna and Rome, 750-1000
The Captain's Tower : Poems for Bob Dylan at 70
The histories of chronicles composed in England during the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries and onwards, with a focus on texts belonging to or engaging with the 'Prose Brut' tradition, are the focus of this volume. The contributors examine the composition, dissemination and reception of historical texts written in Anglo-Norman, Latin and English, including the 'Prose Brut chronicle' (c. 1300 and later), 'Castleford's Chronicle' (c. 1327), and Nicholas Trevet's 'Les Cronicles' (c. 1334), looking at questions of the processes of writing, rewriting, printing and editing history. They cross traditional boundaries of subject and period, taking multi-disciplinary approaches to their studies in order to underscore the (shifting) historical, social and political contexts in which medieval English chronicles were used and read from the fourteenth century through to the present day. As such, the volume honours the pioneering work of the late Professor Lister M. Matheson, whose research in this area demonstrated that a full understanding of medieval historical literature demands attention to both the content of the works in question and to the material circumstances of producing those works.
Essays in Islamic philology, history and philosophy
Motions of late antiquity : essays on religion, politics, and society in honour of Peter Brown
Finnish scholars have been involved in the study of the Dead Sea Scrolls in ever growing numbers since the 1950s. This volume pays tribute to this Helsinki school of Qumran studies, which is presently one of the largest in the world, by presenting the work of the Finnish scholars currently active in this field of study. The contributions of Crossing Imaginary Boundaries explore the Dead Sea Scrolls within the broader context of Second Temple Judaism. The volume challenges the reader to rethink critically the categories and interdisciplinary borders currently used in the study of ancient Jewish texts. In particular, Qumran research has frequently been seen as a limited esoteric area closed off from other areas of Biblical studies. This collection is an attempt to question and bridge some of these imaginary boundaries between scholarly disciplines and to demonstrate the importance of crossing them in order to get a fuller understanding of all these ancient texts and their underlying social phenomena.
New Soundings in Postcolonial Writing' is a collection of critical and creative writing in honour of the postcolonial critic, editor and anthologist Bruce King. There are essays on topics relating to Caribbean authors (Derek Walcott, Simone and Andre Schwarz-Bart); diaspora writers in England (Zadie Smith, Andrea Levy, Michael Ondaatje), South East Asian writing in English (Arun Kolatkar, recent Pakistani fiction, Anita Desai) and New Zealand, Canadian and Pacific writers (Albert Wendt, Patricia Grace, Bill Manhire, Joseph Boyden, Greg O'Brien). The creative writing section features new work by David Dabydeen, Fred D'Aguiar, Arvind Mehrotra, Jeet Thayil, Meena Alexander, Keki Daruwalla, Adil Jussawalla, Tabish Khair, Susan Visvanathan and others, reflecting King's pioneering work on Indian poetry in English, and his many friendships.
Taming world literature : in honorem Jüri Talvet
Practical problems in European and international tax law : essays in honour of Manfred Mössner
Stein Rokkan : statesman of the social sciences
Epigraphy, philology, and the Hebrew Bible : methodological perspectives on philological and comparative study of the Hebrew Bible in honor of Jo Ann Hackett
This thing called music : essays in honor of Bruno Nettl
Veteran political journalist Joe Conason brings you along with Bill Clinton as the 42nd president blazes new paths in his post-presidential career. It is unlike the second career of any other president: "Bill Clinton" is a global brand, rising from the dark days of his White House departure to become one of the most popular names in the world. Conason describes how that happened, examining Clinton's achievements, his failures, his motivations, and his civilian life. He explains why Clinton's ambitions for the world continue to inspire (and infuriate). Conason, who has covered Clinton for twenty years, interviewed him many times for this book--as well as Hillary and Chelsea and many of his friends, aides, rivals, and supporters. He has traveled with Clinton to Africa, Haiti, Israel, and across America. Clinton has earned tens of millions of dollars and raised billions for philanthropy, much of it from foreign sources, provoking questions about transparency and probity even as Hillary Clinton runs again for the presidency. Conason closely examines the financial support from other countries, corporations and wealthy individuals, while assessing the Clinton Foundation's very real, far-reaching achievements. He observes as Clinton campaigns for his wife and wonders: How would America's very first First Gentleman fare in a Hillary Clinton White House? Man of the World--starring the one and only Bill Clinton--tells the engrossing story of an extraordinary man who is still seeking to do good in the world.--From dust jacket.
Bis dat, qui cito dat. : Gegengabe in paremiology, folklore, language, and literature : honoring Wolfgang Mieder on his seventieth birthday
