http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25483 visual design
visual design
Eco-labels as sustainability brands : the role of visual design and co-branding in credibility of eco-labels
Copywriting : successful writing for design, advertising and marketing
This book is aimed at new designers from across the design and media disciplines who want to learn the fundamentals of designing for interactive media. This book is intended both as a primer and companion guide on how to research, plan and design for increasingly prevalent interactive projects. With clear and practical guidance on how to successfully present your ideas and concepts, Jamie Steane introduces you to user-based design, research and development, digital image and typography, interactive formats, and screen-based grids and layout. Using a raft of inspirational examples from a diverse range of leading international creatives and award-winning agencies, this is required reading for budding digital designers. In addition, industry perspectives from key design professionals provide fascinating insights into this exciting creative field, and each chapter concludes with workshop tutorials to help you put what you’ve learnt into practice in your own interactive designs.
Visual expedition to the identity of record label: paradise lost recordings
Design for collaborative minds : a visual designers contribution to the collaborative consumption model [sic]
A Study in Visual Communication - Case Functional Home at the Senior Generation Exhibition in St. Petersburg
More graphic simplicity : cool natural sweet colorful modern
Visual pre-production process in Martha's Room and The Rule projects
Ordering disorder : grid principles for web design
The skillful huntsman : visual development of a Grimm tale at Art Center College of Design
A visual language : elements of design
The principles & processes of interactive design
Thinking with type : a critical guide for designers, writers, editors & students
Designing for the greater good : the best of cause-related marketing and non-profit design
Graphic design thinking : beyond brainstorming
Magazine design : how to affect a reader's values? : a study based on the project of creating design for the Ympäristö magazine
Pretty ugly
DESIGNING A STAND FOR LAUNCHING A PRODUCT TO AN INTERNATIONAL MARKET
Narrative in creative brands
Prometheus : the art of the film
Jorma Hautala : maalaustaidetta, taidegrafiikkaa, arkkitehtuurin värisuunnittelua, graafista suunnittelua = måleri, konstgrafik, arkitektonisk färgplanering, grafisk formgivning = paintings, graphic art, architectural colour schemes, graphic design
Most web design books developed for the trade market are a series of exercises without a theoretical, aesthetic, or historic framework. In this book, Visual Communication on the Web, web design exercises are accompanied by concise introductions that relate history, design principles, and visual communication theories to the practice of designing for the web. Specifically, Visual Communication on the Web teaches the reader to develop one dynamic web page over the course of 14 chapters. Exercises build upon each other so the reader creates and revises the work while learning new code or tools. Predictable mistakes are purposely included so that readers learn how to 'fix' the project while working on it-a much-needed skill for anyone interested in coding. By the end of this course-in-a-book, readers will have created a web page with a centered container div, a Lightbox image gallery, and an external style sheet using HTML, CSS, and copy-pasted and modified code.
Vivid! : the allure of color in design
Adobe creative suite 6 design and Web premium digital classroom
The graphic design exercise book : creative briefs to enchance your skills and develop your portfolio
Invisible New York cities : 100 days of nearby tweets
Contemporary visual merchandising and environmental design
Infographics : designing and visualizing data
Little brand, big effect: In the age of startups and a new generation of entrepreneurs, corporate design is being redefined through distinctive visual creativity.
Cultural branding applied to design : a case of a finnish chocolate brand
"The ultimate guide to Logo Design from the world's most popular resource for web designers and developers. Web designers and developers now find themselves tasked with designing not only a client's Web site, but also their logo and brand identity. By adding Logo Design to your portfolio, you also add brand skills and unique content. This unparalleled guide dives into the topic of design theory and tells you everything you need to know in order to build remarkable logo. No matter your level of experience, Smashing Magazine covers techniques and best practices in understandable way. You'll look behind the scenes at the art of creating identities. From theory to instruction to inspiration, this must-have book addresses the challenges and rewards of creating a logo that adheres to specific rules of successful design. Details the process of creating a memorable and unique logo, from finding inspiration to executing the design. Looks at what makes a logo successful, various typefaces to explore, ways to use color, the pros and cons of vector, how to prepare for print, and more. Zeroes in on the research, concepts, and techniques that go into designing an amazing logo Includes more than 400 never-before-published logos, interviews with established designers, and biographies of logo design masters with case studies of their iconic work. Appeals to a wide range of readers, from aspiring designer to experienced professional. Encompassing everything about the art of creating identities, this is the only book you need to get started designing today"--
Digital reading platform : case study: classical Chinese reading platform
Digital design theory : readings from the field
The crime scene of representation : a case study of the visual identity of the exhibition Rauma Biennale Balticum 2014
How posters work
Packaging crisis : top packaging design
Broadcast design
Start me up! : new branding for businesses
Store design and visual merchandising : creating store space that encourages buying
Visual research : an introduction to research methodologies in graphic design
Thematic cartography and transformations
Interactive audiovisual objects
Special event production : the resources
Store Design and Visual Merchandising : Creating Store Space That Encourages Buying
Designing Information shows designers in all fields - from user-interface design to architecture and engineering - how to design complex data and information for meaning, relevance, and clarity. Written by a worldwide authority on the visualization of complex information, this full-color, heavily illustrated guide provides real-life problems and examples as well as hypothetical and historical examples, demonstrating the conceptual and pragmatic aspects of human factors-driven information design. Both successful and failed design examples are included to help readers understand the principles under discussion.
Visual Design Solutions : principles and Creative Inspiration for Learning Professionals
Mendor one : improving quality of self-care for persons with type 2 diabetes with insulin treatment
Design as art
Designing information : human factors and common sense in information design
The mobile web designer's idea book : the ultimate guide to trends, themes and styles in mobile web design
Visual communication on the web : principles and practices
Seen from other side : looking at culture aspects in web graphics
Framed ink : drawing and composition for visual storytellers
Apperceiving visual elements in human-technology interaction design
Stimulus-response (S-R) tests provide a unique way to acquire information about human perception by capturing automatic responses to stimuli and attentional processes. This paper presents OpenSR, a user-centered S-R testing framework providing a graphical user interface that can be used by researchers to customize, administer, and manage one type of S-R test, the implicit association test. OpenSR provides an extensible open-source Web-based framework that is platform independent and can be implemented on most computers using any operating system. In addition, it provides capabilities for automatically generating and assigning participant identifications, assigning participants to different condition groups, tracking responses, and facilitating collecting and exporting of data. The Web technologies and languages used in creating the OpenSR framework are discussed, namely, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Twitter Bootstrap, Python, and Django. OpenSR is available for free download..
User experience research has focused mainly on understanding user experiences during or directly after use. However, studies that focus on anticipated user experiences are scarce. Different methods and metrics have also been developed to measure user experience, but only a few are suitable for evaluating visual user interface design in an anticipated use situation. Moreover, these methods do not provide guidance on how to create suitable examples for research.This thesis investigates how anticipated user experiences, needs, and wishes for visual user interface design can be studied in the early development phase. Furthermore, it investigates how visual design examples can be created and used in these studies as well as their benefits. To answer these questions, it was necessary to create and evaluate prototypes and visual design examples in the user early development phase user experience studies. The examples allowed the study of how interactive elements of user interfaces should be visually designed to draw users' attention to them. In addition, the thesis explains the means of increasing the visibility of an interactive object and the impact of its use context on its visual design.A constructive design research approach is used in this thesis. The research material is compiled from the artifacts and results of the seven user studies. The main data collection and analysis methods are qualitative, supported with some quantitative methods.The main contribution of this thesis is a practical EDE method for creating visual design examples and evaluating them in early development phase anticipated user experience studies focused on the visual design of a user interface. The second contribution of this thesis is user experience-based preliminary suggestions for the design of interactive elements within the studied user interfaces. The findings are useful for both practiti oners and researchers dealing with user experience and visual user interface design.
Impeccable scene design : for game, animation and film
OpenSR: an open-source stimulus-response testing framework
The pocket universal principles of design
The big bad world of concept art for video games : an insider's guide for students
Novel music discovery concepts : user experience and design implications
Smashing logo design : the art of creating visual identities
Visual methods with children and young people : academics and visual industries in dialogue
Picturing Future Events : Building a Visual Identity for a New Music Festival
Preparing for blended e-learning
Choosing Juice : Enabling Fun in Games through Better Visual Design
The decorated school : essays on the visual culture of schooling
Visual language for designers : principles for creating graphics that people understand
White space is not your enemy : a beginner's guide to communicating visually through graphic, web & multimedia design
Presenting data effectively : communicating your findings for maximum impact
Graphic design theory
Designing Antikythera : a tactile interactive poetry application for iPad
Emotional and innovative graphic design education
An introduction to visual theory and practice in the digital age
Designing for e-commerce : a lean UX approach
Between aesthetics and information : visual journalism and design
Mainstream media have not yet disappeared in a digital takeover of the media landscape. But the long-dominant media-- television, radio, newspapers, magazines, and books-- have had to respond to emergent digital media. In Designing Media, Bill Moggridge examines connections and conflicts between old and new media, describing how the mainstream media have changed and how new patterns of media consumption are emerging. The book features interviews with thirty-seven significant figures in both traditional and new forms of mass communication. Accompanying DVD includes excerpts from all the interviews.
Examples and inspiration for creating web designs.
Compositing visual effects : essentials for the aspiring artist
The picture in design : what graphic designers, art directors and illustrators should know about communicating with pictures
Memorable characters in illustrated children's literature
Documents the creative process of concept design by 3 students from the Art Center College of Design under the guidance of their instructor, Scott Robinson. The concept design includes a host of intriguing places and people, inspired by the Brothers Grimm's tale "The skillfull huntsman". Discussion of ideas and techniques used to create this stunning collection of artwork between Robertson and his students reveal insights on the behind-the-scenes action of concept design.
In an increasingly global society, the ability to identify a culture ́s visual aesthetics helps us localize messages for better understanding and resonance with targeted audiences. But how do we identify the visual cues that specific cultures respond to? Based on Web design «best practices» and data collected from close to 2000 websites in more than 30 countries over a period of eight years, this book defines a methodology for identifying patterns - a «pattern language» - by which one can analyze the cultural aesthetics of a website to: (1) learn more about the visual communication patterns of a particular culture, (2) apply what is learned to the creation of new Web communication, and (3) identify trends in visual communication on the Web as influenced by emerging technologies.
Visual Identity, Stylization and Game Design. Case: Harald Hirmuinen
MARKETING OF MUSIC FESTIVALS IN FINLAND : Case Study on Websites
Environmental noise barriers : a guide to their acoustic and visual design
Visualizing culture : analyzing the cultural aesthetics of the Web
Book one : work, 1986-2006 : album
Identity crisis : the experiences of brand identity
The A-Z of visual ideas : how to solve any creative brief
Knife and fork : visual identities for restaurants, food and beverages
Site-seeing : a visual approach to Web usability
"Packed with more than 200 colour illustrations, Visual Research explores a range of research methods that can be used by graphic designers and visual communicators in the development of clear and purposeful design solutions. The book introduces key terms and theories that underlie design research; examining the importance of visual grammar and design literacy, audience, communication theory and semiotics. Each chapter features case studies that demonstrate how the use of research methods can form the basis of effective visual communication and design problem solving, eschewing end product analysis for a discussion of the way research feeds into the design process. The third edition features new case studies in each chapter, updated design exercises and a new chapter on design-led tools and information design methods, in relation to both print and on-screen design"--
Seeing studies : practicing praxis in graphic design
Digital fashion print : with Photoshop® and Illustrator®
The moving image workshop : introducing animation, motion graphics and visual effects in 45 practical projects
Silent selling : best practices and effective strategies in visual merchandising
Corporate visual identity : Case study: changing visual identity
Chip Kidd
The book of CSS3 : a developer's guide to the future of web design
Bring it home with CorelDRAW : a guide to in-house graphic design
Exploring the visual landscape : advances in physiognomic landscape research in the Netherlands
Visioning and visualization : people, pixels, and plans
Visual information for everyday use
Visual design examples in the evaluation of anticipated user experience at the early phases of research and development
Right-brain business plan : a creative, visual map for success
Sisältö: Aspects of Information Design : The nature of information --Qualitative Issues : Perceptions, conventions, proximity --Quantitative Issues : Dimensionality, comparisons, numbers, scale --Structure, Organization, Type : Hierarchy and visual grammar --Finding Your Way? : Movement, orientation, situational geography --Documents : Stories, inventories, notes.
Design thinking for visual communication
The Mobile Web Designer's Idea Book looks at trends, styles, themes and patterns in mobile web design. Much like the author's other Idea Books, the core focus is on providing inspiration and analyzing trends and patterns. Note that the primary focusis on the mobile web, but the author will devote a full section to mobile applications.
