http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25404 SS troops
SS troops
The SS : Hitler's instrument of terror
There were eighty of them. They were young, clever and cultivated; they were barely in their thirties when Adolf Hitler came to power. Their university studies in law, economics, linguistics, philosophy and history marked them out for brilliant careers. They chose to join the repressive bodies of the Third Reich, especially the Security Service (SD) and the Nazi Party's elite protection unit, the SS. They theorized and planned the extermination of twenty million individuals of allegedly inferior races. Most of them became members of the paramilitary death squads known as Einsatzgruppen and participated in the slaughter of over a million people. Based on extensive archival research, Christian Ingrao tells the gripping story of these children of the Great War, focusing on the networks of fellow activists, academics and friends in which they moved, studying the way in which they envisaged war and the world of enemies which, in their view, threatened them. The mechanisms of their political commitment are revealed, and their roles in Nazism and mass murder. Thanks to this pioneering study, we can now understand how these men came to believe what they did, and how these beliefs became so destructive. The history of Nazism, shows Ingrao, is also a history of beliefs in which a powerful military machine was interwoven with personal experiences, fervour, anguish, utopia and cruelty.
From the highly acclaimed, multiple award-winning Anthony Doerr, a stunningly ambitious and beautiful novel about a blind French girl and a German boy whose paths collide in occupied France as both try to survive the devastation of World War II. Marie Laure lives with her father in Paris within walking distance of the Museum of Natural History where he works as the master of the locks (there are thousands of locks in the museum). When she is six, she goes blind, and her father builds her a model of their neighborhood, every house, every manhole, so she can memorize it with her fingers and navigate the real streets with her feet and cane. When the Germans occupy Paris, father and daughter flee to Saint-Malo on the Brittany coast, where Marie-Laure's agoraphobic great uncle lives in a tall, narrow house by the sea wall. In another world in Germany, an orphan boy, Werner, grows up with his younger sister, Jutta, both enchanted by a crude radio Werner finds. He becomes a master at building and fixing radios, a talent that wins him a place at an elite and brutal military academy and, ultimately, makes him a highly specialized tracker of the Resistance. Werner travels through the heart of Hitler Youth to the far-flung outskirts of Russia, and finally into Saint-Malo, where his path converges with Marie-Laure. Doerr's gorgeous combination of soaring imagination with observation is electric. Deftly interweaving the lives of Marie-Laure and Werner, Doerr illuminates the ways, against all odds, people try to be good to one another. Ten years in the writing, All the Light We Cannot See is his most ambitious and dazzling work.
Meine Ehre heisst Treue! : suomalaisten SS-vapaaehtoisten asepuvut 1941-43 = Uniforms of the Finnish SS-volunteers 1941-43
"Soldaten wie andere auch" : Finnish Waffen-SS volunteers and Finland's historical imagination
SS-Leibstandarte : the history of the first SS division 1933-1945
Wave after wave : the enlargement, organizations and unit emblems of the German armed forces during World War II
Dancing with the enemy : my family's holocaust secret
Hitler's Vikings : the history of the Scandinavian Waffen-SS : the Legions, the SS-Wiking and the SS-Nordland
When the doves disappeared : a novel
SS steel storm : Waffen-SS panzer battles on the Eastern Front, 1943-1945
The winter garden
Wikingin suomalaiset : suomalaiset SS-miehet kuvissa = Finnish volunteers of SS-division Wiking
SS-Hitlerjugend : the history of the twelfth SS division 1943-1945
Dritte Nordland : suomalainen SS-vapaaehtoispataljoona kuvissa = The photo history of the Finnish volunteer Battalion of the Waffen-SS 1941-1943
Believe and destroy : intellectuals in the SS war machine
A war of flowers
Lightning Death : Story of the Waffen-SS
Not an easy cultural adaptation : Islamic Turkomans in the Waffen-SS
The Afrika reich
The SS : a new history
All the light we cannot see : a novel
The kindly ones : a novel
When the doves disappeared
Black Cross
The black march : the personal story of an SS man
