http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25449 problem gambling
problem gambling
The neurobiology of addiction : new vistas
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Abstract: Excessive gambling is increasingly understood in medical terms. Instead of criticizing this process as “medicalization” and an enlargement of the medical profession's area of influence, we question this understanding from the context of the Finnish non-medical model of addiction. Group interviews with seven groups of general practitioners (GPs) and eight groups of social workers in Finland (altogether 66 participants) were conducted. Film clips portraying gambling problems served as a discussion stimulus. Neither of the professional groups medicalized the issue, but both interpreted it as a social problem. However, participants still held individual gamblers responsible for overcoming the problem. GPs contest their responsibility to treat problem gambling, whereas social workers claim a position of caring for those harmed by the person's problem gambling, rather than for the gambler him-/herself. We argue that a medical framing of excessive gambling would risk limiting social workers' efforts even further. In the context of the Finnish non-medical model of addiction, this would coincide with a medical profession unwilling to fill the gap, leaving problem gambling unattended by both professions. Finally, we question the frequently made equation between medicalization and individualization..
The easy way to stop gambling : take control of your life
Abstract.
Internet gambling : current research findings and implicationas
Don't tell the groom
Gambling in Finland : themes and data for qualitative research
Customer service officer as a responsible host at the Skycity Adelaide Casino
Population, professional and client views on  the dangerousness of addictions : testing the  familiarity hypothesis
On educational game design : building blocks of flow experience
Peppa Pig's family computer
First steps out of problem gambling
Problematic digital gaming behavior and its relation to the psychological, social and physical health of Finnish adolescents and young adults
Households' images of gambling
The aim of this study was to explore the relation between Problematic Gaming Behaviour (PGB) and specific psychological factors (gaming motives, self-awareness of problematic gaming behaviour) and structural factors (game genres) among Finnish adolescents and young adults. A national survey of 271 respondents, aged 13 to 24, participated in the study. The study sample was randomly selected from the Population Register Center. Multiple regression analysis was used as a means of examining links between game genres, gaming motives and PGB. In addition, pairwise comparisons of a non-problematic gaming behavior group and a problematic gaming behavior group were used as a means of examining differences across game genre use and self-awareness of PGB. PGB was particularly associated with the use of a group of games encompassing role-playing, progression (e.g., character development), action and strategy features. The findings indicated that entertainment-achievement, social and escapism motives were associated with PGB. On the whole, this study emphasized that specific game genres and playing motives are involved in problematic use of digital game playing.
Storytime with Peppa
Gate-keepers' images of addiction in Finland, France and Germany : the film-clips in the group interviews
Gambling and problem gambling : briefly and clearly
Challenges in translating DSM-5 criteria for Gambling  Disorder into Finnish /.
In the pursuit of winning : problem gambling theory, research and treatment
Healthy individuals' decision making in online poker : perspectives on emotional stability and wellbeing
Morality policies in Europe : concepts, theories and empirical evidence
Background and Aims      The aim of this study was to identify problematic gaming behavior among Finnish adolescents and young adults, and evaluate its connection to a variety of psychological, social, and physical health symptoms.        Methods      This cross-sectional study was conducted with a random sample of 293 respondents aged from 13 to 24 years. Participants completed an online survey. Problematic gaming behavior was measured with the Game Addiction Scale (GAS). Self-reports covered health measures such as psychological health (psychopathological symptoms, satisfaction with life), social health (preferences for social interaction), and physical health (general health, Body Mass Index [BMI], body discomfort, physical activity).        Results      Problematic gaming behavior was found to relate to psychological and health problems, namely fatigue, sleep interference, depression and anxiety symptoms. Multiple linear regression indicated that the amount of weekly gaming, depression and a preference for online social interaction predicted increased problematic gaming symptoms.        Conclusions      This research emphasized that problematic gaming behavior had a strong negative correlation to a variety of subjective health outcomes.
Neurobiology of pathological gambling : brain imaging and epidemiological studies
Overseas Internet poker and problem gambling in Finland 2007 : a secondary data analysis of a Finnish population survey
Overcoming gambling : a guide for problem and compulsive gamblers
Mental Health in the Digital Age, written by distinguished international experts, comprehensively examines the intersection between digital technology and mental health.
Cyber junkie : escape the gaming and internet trap
The global regulation of gambling : a general overview
Problem Gambling and the Non-Medical Addiction Model : Finnish General Practitioners' and Social Workers' Perceptions
Addiction by Design : machine gambling in Las Vegas
Game addiction : the experience and the effects
A welfare policy patchwork : negotiating the public good times of transition
Gapro Care-project: gambling prevention, gambling problems and care policy programme
Designing a knowledge based puzzle game : case: After Now Archeology
Mental health in the digital age : grave dangers, great promise
Understanding addiction has never been more important, as many professionals, from counsellors and nurses, to social workers and health psychologists, encounter addictive behaviour on a daily basis. Looking at addiction in all of its forms, this multi-disciplinary book provides a comprehensive introduction to the substances and the activities which can lead to excessive and addictive behaviour. It discusses pharmacological addictions, including both legal and illegal substances. It also covers nonpharmacological dependencies (such as internet addiction, eating disorders, gambling and sexual addiction) which, despite their prevalence, are often absent from the literature on addiction. Drawing on the field's broad evidence base, the book features: a- coverage of eleven types of addictive substances and activities, outlining signs, symptoms, adverse consequences and assessment and intervention strategies for each; a- a range of engaging reflective activities and case studies to link theoretical discussion directly to practice; a- analysis of the broader context of addiction, including dual diagnosis and harm reduction, and issues relating to diversity and service provision. Offering a rigorous introduction to the full spectrum of addictive behaviour, this book is essential reading for anyone seeking to understand the nature of addiction for contemporary practice.
Disordered gambling in Finland : epidemiology and a current treatment option
Problematic Gaming Behaviour in Finnish Adolescents and Young Adults : Relation to Game Genres, Gaming Motives and Self-Awareness of Problematic Use
A welfare policy patchwork : negotiating the public good times of transition / edited by Matilda Hellman, Gun Roos & Julius von Wright
Understanding addiction behaviours : theoretical and clinical practice in health and social care
Death by video game : tales of obsession from the virtual frontline
