http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2549 division (active)
division (active)
The plant propagator's bible : a step-by-step guide to propagating every plant in your garden
Needy and greedy
Implications of profit- and risk-sharing attributes for collaboration performance in software development
Intra-organisational knowledge sharing : a holistic approach to the management of knowledge
Measuring distributive justice preferences of Finnish university students via the state budget
The division of competences in the European Union
Pictorial practices in a "Cam Era" : studying non-professional camera use
Jaan Kross and Russian culture
Rudey's windy Christmas
Strategic planning for social media in libraries
Present yourself : using SlideShare to grow your business
The use of storytelling in music artist promotion
Multi-user resource-sharing problem for the Internet
It's all mine!, or, Little Raven's mischief
The great Partition : the making of India and Pakistan
This book offers over 400 accounts from a wide range of specific research efforts on methodologies, tools, and architectures for complex distributed systems that address the practical issues of performance guarantees, timed execution, real-time management of resources, synchronized communication under various load conditions, satisfaction of QoS constraints, as well as dealing with the trade-offs between these aspects (Publisher's description)
Norris the bear who shared
Innovating with information technology in a globalized world : being proactive about culture
Roles of non-face-to face- tools in interpersonal level tacit knowledge sharing
Bulbs in containers
Inter-functional knowledge sharing about stakeholder requirements in international investment projects
Communities of networked expertise : professional and educational perspectives
Improving knowledge sharing between regional management and country offices in a global organization
Music piracy culture in the Internet
No dinner for Anansi
Efficient super-peer-based coordinated service provision
Get seen : online video secrets to building your business
The music industry : music in the cloud
The pricing and provision of information : some recent official reports
Practicing photographic art online / Eveliina Hujanen
The plant propagator's bible
Activity-based costing in common cost allocations : Case: If P & C Insurance Company - Business Area Commercial
World-wide work stress : multi-case study of the stress-coping process in distributed work
The modernization of working times : flexibility and work sharing in Finland
Expatriate knowledge sharing, replacement and repatriation processes in linkage with the performance management : case Metso
Would you like to earn millions by talking about your favourite subject? A new generation of vloggers have become millionaires by sharing make-up tutorials, comedy sketches and gaming videos. These people didn't start off with fancy equipment, expert technical knowledge or huge audiences. They are self-made. This book examines how they achieved success and provides a step by step guide to the process of finding fame and fortune online. Featuring advice from vloggers including Jim Chapman, Fleur De Force and KSI alongside business tips from YouTube CBO Robert Kyncl and Gleam Futures founder Dominic Smales, this book contains insider information about the mechanics of making money by vlogging. Subjects covered include brand-building, filming and editing equipment techniques, social media, working with talent managers, dealing with digital marketing agencies, making merchandise and negotiating with brands.
Anansi and the bag of wisdom
Interpersonal boundary regulation in the context of social network services
It's not yours, it's mine!
Computer mediated organizational memory for process control : moving CSCW research from an idea to a product
Master of business administration (MBA) students' role as business developers at regional SMEs
Communication networks are experiencing a significant growth of data traffic posing new challenges to the overall systems that should become more reactive and adaptive towards dynamically changing traffic, connections and network conditions. This thesis examines adaptive traffic management solutions within heterogeneous communication networks, which can be utilized to improve network performance, provide Quality of Service (QoS) for traffic paths and share resources in a fair way. The developed adaptive methods include solutions for fuzzy flow scheduling (AWFQ, FWQ) and regressive admission control (REAC) to provide stable network performance and efficient resource control. Such techniques for adaptive traffic management continuously balance and control traffic usage and recover from network faults and attacks. The results utilize traffic monitoring for estimating the overall network conditions, applying cognition to learn from previous actions, and adapting to the current traffic conditions for resource optimization. The thesis researches how to distribute these computing mechanisms towards network edges closer to the actual application users for more efficient resource usage, and to provide better performance for delay-sensitive applications. The methods developed have been applied to vehicular communications to assess and improve the messaging between vehicles and vulnerable road users (VRUs). These mechanisms are able to react faster to data traffic changes and guarantee better quality for prioritized traffic and users while at the same time they preserve fairness to other flows compared to traditional control and scheduling methods without adaptive characteristics. The overall system reacts to changes in the network QoS by determining decision-making procedures on possible flow rejection, marking, or allowed bandwidth weight assignment, thus bringing cognition to the network path.
Microsoft SharePoint 2013 inside out
Plant propagation A to Z : growing plants for free
Ratf**ked : the true story behind the secret plan to steal America's democracy
Appreciative sharing of knowledge : leverage knowledge management for strategic change
Roo : the roaring dinosaur
Being an expert professional practitioner : the relational turn in expertise
Trialogical inquiry: toward innovative knowledge practices in education and workplaces
Creative propagation
Understanding and supporting knowledge sharing in software engineering
How is the phenomenon of shared leadership understood in the theory and practice of school leadership? : a case study conducted in four European schools
I'm in charge!
Critical success factors and causes of failure in knowledge and skills transfer : intercultural communication in the context of development co-operation : experiences of eight Finnish consultants
The distribution of wealth in Finland in 1800
Insects galore : a collection of six stories
Wizzit : photo sharing magazine
Anthropology and the economy of sharing
Making movies with your iPhone : shoot, edit, and share from anywhere
Why not share?
Professionals deal with complex problems which require working with the expertise of others, but being able to collaborate resourcefully with others is an additional form of expertise. This book draws on a series of research studies to explain what is involved in the new concept of working relationally across practices. It demonstrates how spending time building common knowledge between different professions aids collaboration. The core concept is relational agency, which can arise between practitioners who work together on a complex task: whether reconfiguring the trajectory of a vulnerable child or developing a piece of computer software. Common knowledge, which captures the motives and values of each profession, is essential for the exercise of relational agency and contributing to and working with the common knowledge of what matters for each profession is a new form of relational expertise. This book is based on a wide body of field research including the author's own. It tackles how to research expert practices using Vygotskian perspectives, and demonstrates how Cultural Historical and Activity Theory approaches contribute to how we understand learning, practices and organisations.
'Twas the night before Christmas
Has work-sharing worked in Finland?
Spectrum sharing for future mobile cellular systems
"The Partition of India in 1947 promised its people both political and religious freedom - through the liberation of India from British rule and the creation of the Muslim state of Pakistan. Instead, the geographical divide brought displacement and death, and benefited the few at the expense of the very many." "Yasmin Khan examines the context, execution and aftermath of Partition, weaving together local politics and ordinary lives with the largo political forces at play. She exposes the widespread obliviousness to what Partition would entail in practice and how it would affect the populace. Drawing together fresh information from an array of sources, Khan underscores the catastrophic human cost and shows why the repercussions of Partition resound even now, some sixty years later. The book is an intelligent and timely analysis of Partition, the haste and recklessness with which it was completed and the damaging legacy left in its wake."--BOOK JACKET.
Sharepoint 2013 unleashed
Pinterest perfect! : creative prompts & pin-worthy projects inspired by the artistic community of Pinterest / Flora Chang ... [et al.]
Sharing lives, dividing assets : an inter-disciplinary study
Flexible open offices : solutions to support flexibility of the office premises
The liquidity effects of stock splits
Buster's bone
Pinterest for dummies
Distributed school leadership : developing tomorrow's leaders
Adaptive traffic management in heterogeneous communication networks
Evaluating tax and benefit reforms in 1996-2001
The Polish revolution and the Catholic church, 1788-1792 : a political history
The star-faced crocodile
Abstract (1 s.).
"Human possession psychology originates from deeply rooted experiential capacities shared with other animals. However, unlike other animals, we are a uniquely self-conscious species concerned with reputation, and possessions affect our perception of how we exist in the eyes of others. This book discusses the psychology surrounding the ways in which humans experience possession, claim ownership, and share from both a developmental and cross-cultural perspective. Philippe Rochat explores the origins of human possession and its symbolic development across cultures. He proposes that human possession psychology is particularly revealing of human nature, and also the source of our elusive moral sense"--
"It is a privilege, though a somewhat daunting one, to introduce the reader to this striking book. For though the subject of possession is an ancient one, it is a forever daunting and controversial one. For though "possessing" something is a crucial feature of what we call ownership"--
Knowledge management in multicultural SME companies : case: Ziliot International Ltd
Where is Binky Boo?
Benefits of job descriptions : Case study: University of Porto faculty of fine arts international office
Distributed pedagogical leadership in early childhood education
The Accumulation Process of Knowledge in Family Firms
Abstract.
Knowledge sharing in the sales organization : Case: Vital Berry Marketing S.A
Shared leadership : reframing the hows and whys of leadership
That's mine!
Development of opportunity pipeline : in case company ABB Oy, Transformers
Sharing a shell
The politics of storytelling : variations on a theme by Hannah Arendt
Other-regarding preferences in the loss domain
Felix and the blue dragon
Changing expectations and realities of employment stability : longitudinal analysis of tenures in Finland
Tell everyone : why we share & why it matters
Why share? : motivational predictors of individual knowledge sharing in expert work
A bereaved father
Achieving real-time in distributed computing : from grids to clouds
Design for collaborative minds : a visual designers contribution to the collaborative consumption model [sic]
Introduction to Windows Azure : an introduction to cloud computing using Microsoft Windows Azure
The idea of Galicia : history and fantasy in Habsburg political culture
Mad Drew : beyond coffeedome : the hilarious tale of life in the new economy
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 37, 2001
Co-created mobile narratives
Improving heterogeneous wireless networking with cross-layer information services
Origins of possession : owning and sharing in development
Allocation and sharing in international fisheries agreements
The first slodge
Marketing in the participation age : a guide to motivating people to join, share, take part, connect, and engage
Get rich vlogging : Zoella did it. Alfie did it. Now you can do it
PowerShell for SharePoint 2013 : how-to
