http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25453 notaries
notaries
A fast-growing legal system and economy in medieval and early modern Rome saw a rapid increase in the need for written documents. "Brokers of Public Trust" examines the emergence of the modern notarial profession - free market scribes responsible for producing original legal documents and their copies. Notarial acts often go unnoticed, but they are essential to understanding the history of writing practices and attitudes toward official documentation. Based on new archival research, "Brokers of Public Trust" focuses on the government officials, notaries, and consumers who regulated, wrote, and purchased notarial documents in Rome between the 14th and 18th centuries. Historian Laurie Nussdorfer chronicles the training of professional notaries and the construction of public archives, explaining why notarial documents exist, who made them, and how they came to be regarded as authoritative evidence. In doing so, Nussdorfer describes a profession of crucial importance to the people and government of the time, as well as to scholars who turn to notarial documents as invaluable and irreplaceable historical sources. This magisterial new work brings fresh insight into the essential functions of early modern Roman society and the development of the modern state.
Death of a notary : conquest and change in colonial New York
The painful labour of Mr. Elsyng
The civil law notary - neutral lawyer for the situation : a comparative study on preventative justice in modern societies
Bilingual notaries in Hellenistic Egypt : a study of language use
Brokers of public trust : notaries in early modern Rome
The notary public in the legal history of Finland and Sweden
Ralph Tailor's summer : a scrivener, his city, and the plague
This book compares institutions of preventative justice in Germany, France, England, Sweden, Estonia and the U.S. (Maine, New York). The centre of focus is on the continental European notariat and corresponding institutions in legal cultures without notariats. The comparative description of preventative justice consists mainly of an analysis of residential real estate transactions and the function of land registers as meaningful elements of preventative justice. The result of the comparative work indicates the significant value of a well-organized notariat regarding costs and quality. Attempts of the European Commission to weaken the system of preventative justice of continental legal cultures should be analyzed carefully and with some scepticism.
