http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25471 cathedrals
cathedrals
St Isaac's Cathedral Museum, Leningrad
In the twelfth century, Christians in Europe began to build a completely new kind of church - not the squat, gloomy buildings we call Romanesque, but soaring, spacious monuments flooded with light from immense windows. This book explains the genesis and development of the Gothic style.
Domcafé : holvikahvio Turun tuomikirkon kivijalassa = källarkaféet i Åbo domkyrkas stenfot = café at the foot of the cathedrals bell tower
English summary.
THE GOTHIC CATHEDRAL
The pictorial history of Liverpool Cathedral : Cathedral Church of Christ
The pictorial history of St. Mary's Cathedral, Edinburgh
Cathedral of Turku
High gothic : the age of great cathedrals
The cathedrals of England
Charters of northern houses
The Gothic sculpture of Uppsala Cathedral : on spiritual guidance and creative joy
Saints and sanctity
The cathedral as a part of Helsinki's identity and townscape
Sacred architecture in a secular age : anamnesis of Durham Cathedral
Tampere Cathedral
Songs of Ossian : Festschrift in honour of professor Bo Ossian Lindberg
The pillars of the earth : Builders duel
Cathedrals and abbeys of England and Wales
Turun tuomiokirkko = Åbo domkyrka = Cathedral of Turku = Der dom in Turku
The cleaner of Chartres
The hunchback of Notre Dame
Architecture (The Middle Ages)
The pictorial history of Rochester Cathedral : Cathedral Church of Christ and the Blessed Virgin Mary
Troyes
Ripon Minster : the beginning of the Gothic style in northern England
Helsingin helmi : Helsingin tuomiokirkko 1852-2002 = Helsingfors pärla : Helsingfors domkyrka = The pearl of Helsinki : Helsinki Cathedral
How Fra Angelico and Signorelli saw the end of the world
The new advent of stained glass in the 19th century
Archaeological campaigns below the Florence Duomo and Baptistery, 1895-1980
Charters of Christ Church Canterbury. Part 1
Legislation and justice
The pictorial history of St. Paul's Cathedral : the official record
The pictorial history of Ripon Cathedral
Hugo Simberg and St. John's Church in Tampere / Pekka Suhonen
The pillars of the earth
The pictorial history of St. Edmundsbury Cathedral : the Cathedral Church of St. James, Bury St. Edmunds
Universe of stone : Chartres Cathedral and the triumph of the medieval mind
Charters of Christ Church Canterbury. Part 2
Church of St. John Tampere 1899-1900/1902-1907
Cotton in Finland before the 1600s
Turun tuomiokirkko = Åbo domkyrka = Cathedral of Turku = Der Dom in Turku
Oulun tuomiokirkko = Oulu Cathedral Evangelical-Lutheran
Consuming a cathedral : commodification of religious places in late modernity
The pictorial history of Southwark Cathedral : the collegiate and cathedral church of St. Saviour and St. Mary Overie
Papal justice : subjects and courts in the Papal State, 1500-1750
PYHÄT KUVAT : venäläisen ikonitaiteen aarteita 1300-1700-luvuilta = Heliga bilder : ryska ikonkonstens skatter från 1300-1700-talet = Sacred images : treasures of Russian iconic art from the 14th to the 18th century
Oulun tuomiokirkon opas = A guide to Oulu Cathedral Evangelical-Lutheran
York Minster restored
The Piccolomini Library in the Cathedral of Siena
The music heard in Turku Cathedral
The pictorial history of Peterborough Cathedral : cathedral church of St. Peter, St. Paul and St. Andrew
The Museum of the Duomo, Milano's cathedral
Great Cathedrals
The pictorial history of Worcester Cathedral
The pictorial history of Salisbury Cathedral
The pictorial history of Hereford Cathedral
The Europe of the cathedrals 1140-1280
The devil, death and the angel in the studio : studies on Hugo Simberg's art
The Gothic cathedral : origins of Gothic architecture and the medieval concept of order
National shrine between time and eternity
In the year 1200, the foundation is laid for the cathedral of Troyes, but it will not be finished until 400 years later, after innumerable incidents. This game invites you to experience four centuries of history by participating in the development of one of the finest medieval cities ever to make its mark on western culture. Use your military, religious, and civil influence to make your family the most prestigious!
Uppsala domkyrka = The Cathedral of Uppsala
The executioner of St Paul's
The pictorial history of St. Giles' Cathedral : the High Kirk of Edinburgh
This interdisciplinary volume, written by scholars of history, architecture, and liturgy, explores the physical construction, and ritual and liturgical functions of the medieval cathedral of Trondheim. Medieval cathedrals and the various practices connected to them form an important and complex part of the European cultural heritage. The buildings themselves and their reception into the modern arts ensure their presence within today's cultural memories and sensibilities. In the mid-twelfth century, a new archbishop's seat was erected in the Norwegian city of Trondheim (or Nidaros) at the far north of Europe. This interdisciplinary volume, written by scholars of history, architecture, and liturgy, explores the medieval cathedral of Trondheim as a local construction in a European context. As a see of the Western Church, it was set in an international Latinate culture. At the same time, the construction of the building itself and the ritual practices in and around it were influenced by local political, religious, and cultural conditions. The relationship between the physical construction of a cathedral and its function in medieval liturgical and other ritual practices is a topic of wide relevance for architectural and liturgical scholarship. The so-called Ordo Nidrosiensis, the thirteenth-century ordinal of the Province of Nidaros, is an immense help in interpreting the architectural construction and sacred space of Nidaros Cathedral and the Ordo is dealt with in many of the articles. In accordance with general medieval practice, the Nidaros ordinal may be described as international in contents but edited with regard to local considerations.
Strolls through the parks of central Tampere
The medieval cathedral of Trondheim : architectural and ritual constructions in their European context
Signorelli and Fra Angelico at Orvieto : liturgy, poetry, and a vision of the end of time
Le mystère des cathédrales : esoteric interpretation of the hermetic symbols of the great work : a hermetic study of cathedral construction
Death comes to Lynchester Close
The first conception of the masonry cathedral of Turku
Virtues and vices on the 14th century corbels in the choir of Uppsala Cathedral
The Cathedral of Helsinki = Der Dom von Helsinki
Keskellä kylää : Helsingin hiippakunnan kirkkoja = Kyrkor i Helsingfors stift = Churches in the Diocese of Helsinki
Tampere cathedral / Ingeborg Becker
Kalmar domkyrka i nytt ljus : restaureringen 2005-2011 = Kalmar Cathedral in new light : the conservation, 2005-2011
Gothic cathedrals : a guide to the history, places, art, and symbolism
The old church cries out : the tale of Porvoo Cathedral
Kaksi kirkkoa, kaksi lähetymistapaa = Two curches, two restoration approaches
