http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25495 classical economics
classical economics
An anticlassical political-economic analysis : a vision for the next century
Cambridge monetary thought : the development of saving-investment analysis from Marshall to Keynes
History of economic thought : a critical perspective
Adam Smith: optimist or pessimist? : a new problem concerning the teleological basis of commercial society
A future for capitalism : classical, neoclassical and Keynesian perspectives
Economic theories, true or false? : essays in the history and methodology of economics
How to tell better stories about the history and future of global political economy?
Principles of political economy : variorum edition. Vol. 2
"As today's preeminent doomsday investor Mark Spitznagel describes his Daoist and roundabout investment approach, "one gains by losing and loses by gaining." This is Austrian Investing, an archetypal, counterintuitive, and proven approach, gleaned from the 150-year-old Austrian School of economics, that is both timeless and exceedingly timely. In The Dao of capital, hedge fund manager and tail-hedging pioneer Mark Spitznagel--with one of the top returns on capital of the financial crisis, as well as over a career--takes us on a gripping, circuitous journey from the Chicago trading pits, over the coniferous boreal forests and canonical strategists from Warring States China to Napoleonic Europe to burgeoning industrial America, to the great economic thinkers of late 19th century Austria. We arrive at his central investment methodology of Austrian Investing, where victory comes not from waging the immediate decisive battle, but rather from the roundabout approach of seeking the intermediate positional advantage (what he calls shi), of aiming at the indirect means rather than directly at the ends. The monumental challenge is in seeing time differently, in a whole new intertemporal dimension, one that is so contrary to our wiring. Spitznagel is the first to condense the theories of Ludwig von Mises and his Austrian School of economics into a cohesive and--as Spitznagel has shown--highly effective investment methodology. From identifying the monetary distortions and non-randomness of stock market routs (Spitznagel's bread and butter) to scorned highly-productive assets, in Ron Paul's words from the foreword, Spitznagel "brings Austrian economics from the ivory tower to the investment portfolio. "The Dao of capital provides a rare and accessible look through the lens of one of today's great investors to discover a profound harmony with the market process--a harmony that is so essential today"--
Dynamics of socio-economic development : an introduction
Economic behavior and institutions
Contending economic theories : neoclassical, Keynesian, and Marxian
Conclusion (s. 188-191).
The rediscovery of classical economics : adaptation, complexity and growth
Feminism confronts homo economicus : gender, law, and society
Econned : how unenlighttened self interest undermined democracy and corrupted capitalism
On revolutions and progress in economic knowledge
Philosophy of economics
Modern business cycle theory
This book builds on the Marx-Keynes-Schumpeter (MKS) approach to understanding the evolution of capitalism. It does so by focusing on current frameworks that study macro-dynamical systems in the tradition of the Classical, the Neoclassical and the Keynesian interpretation of the working of modern capitalist economies, and of the societies that are built upon them. The distinguished authors concentrate on different paradigms of economic conjecture in terms of their applicability to labor market problems and their implications for growing capitalist economies. They present material clearly related to current macroeconomic research which goes beyond the New Consensus macroeconomics, and which can also be related to the discussion between practitioners and politicians on the reform of both financial and labor markets.
The Dao of capital : Austrian investing in a distorted world
The pathology of the U.S. economy : the costs of a low-wage system
The great economists : ten economists whose thinking changed the way we live
