http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25468 plein air painting
plein air painting
Landscape painting : essential concepts and techniques for plein air and studio practice
En plein air : the art colonies at East Hampton and Old Lyme, 1880-1930 : Florence Griswold Museum, Old Lyme, Connecticut, 10 June - 30 July 1989 : Guild Hall Museum, East Hampton, New York, 18 June - 30 July 1989
1880-erne i nordisk maleri : Statens Museum for Kunst, København, 22. marts - 19. maj 1986 / [arbejdsgruppe: Knut Berg, Bengt von Bonsdorff, Pontus Grate, Torsten Gunnarsson, Sixten Ringbom, Lars Rostrup Böyesen, Tone Skedsmo, Hanne Westergaard ; katalogredaktion: Pontus Grate, Nils-Göran Hökby]
Ou est l'enfant? : under the surface - Albert Edelfelt's Lapsen ruumissaatto ( A child's funeral), 1879 / Marina Catani and Tuulikki Kilpinen
Light and nature in late 19th century Nordic art and literature
Northern light : realism and symbolism in Scandinavian painting 1880-1910 : Corcoran Gallery of Art Washington D.C. September 8 - October 17, 1982 : the Brooklyn Museum New York November 10, 1982 - January 6, 1983 : the Minneapolis Institute of Arts Minne / Kirk Varnedoe ; the Brooklyn museum
Dreams of a summer night : Scandinavian painting at the turn of the century : Hayward Gallery, London 10 July to 5 October 1986 / organized by Nordic Council of Ministers and the Arts Council of Great Britain ; exhibition committee, Scandinavia: Hanne Westergaard, Salme Sarajas-Korte, Leena Ahtola-Moorhouse, Selma Jónsdóttir, Knut Berg, Tone Skedsmo, Pontus Grate, Carl Thomas Edam,
In The Work of Art, Anthea Callen explores the paintings, self-portraits, portraits of fellow artists, photographs, prints and studio images of nineteenth-century French landscape painters including the Impressionists. At the same time she considers the emergence of modern artistic identity in the context of creative work. Artists and their paintings under the microscope here include Courbet, Cezanne and Pissarro, as well as their precursors and followers. The book examines their modes of self-representation and painting methods to explore the formation of avant-garde art and modern artistic identity, while paying particular attention to the painters' touches and mark making. She argues that landscape painting in general, and the plein air oil sketch in particular, were key drivers of change in artistic practice in the nineteenth century, which in turn led to the Impressionist revolution. In this beautifully illustrated, highly readable volume, Callen offers fresh insights into the development of avant-garde French painting and the concept of the modern artist, delving deeper into the topic than any before.
In the open air : Nordic paths to plein air paintings / Annika Waenerberg
Landscape : essential concepts and techniques for plein air and studio practice
Work of art : plein-air painting and artistic identity in nineteenth-century France
Baltic light : early open-air painting in Denmark and North Germany : National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa, 15 October 1999 - 2 January 2000 : Hamburger Kunsthalle, Hamburg, 26 January - 26 March 2000 : Thorvaldsens Museum, Copenhagen, 19 April - 18 June 20 / [Text]: Catherine Johnston... et al.]
