http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25467 rising
rising
Some responses in human geography to land uplift in the Vasa erea, Finland : with special reference to Maxmo commune
The postglacial history of Kitkajärvi, North-eastern Finland, as indicated by trend-surface analysis and radio-carbon dating
Development of vegetation and human activities on the new emergent coastal areas of northwestern Estonia
Successional changes in vegetation and carbon dynamics during boreal mire development
Soil microbial dynamics and the condition of Norway spruce on the Bothnian land-uplift coast
Land uplift in Finland on the basis of sea level recordings
Elevated rock art : towards a maritime understanding of rock art in northern Bohuslän
Finland possesses 72 waterway systems of over 200 square kilometres in size. The five largest of them account for the majority of the country's surface area. Furthermore, there are almost 188,000 lakes of more than five ares in size. Altogether 9.9 percent of the surface area consists of water. The lakes have been created over the last 10,000 years or so, either through the emergence of their basins from beneath the ice sheet of the last glaciation or, in most cases, through isolation from the Baltic basin. In this article, the post-glacial history of the main watercourses and lake basins in Finland and the effects of recent human activity on them and on the quality of their water are examined.On account of the uneven pattern of land uplift, most of the large waterway systems, such as the Saimaa, Päijänne, Näsijärvi, and Puula watercourses of the Lake District, have altered their outflow in the course of time, some of them more than once. The majority of these hydrological changes took place in the interval 8500-4500 BP. In the case of Lake Oulujärvi and Lake Vanajavesi, a transgression that has been going on for thousands of years has led to rises in water level of as much as 10-15 metres. In the case of Lake Höytiäinen, uncontrolled erosion of the outflow channel in connection with an effort at lowering the water level led to a sudden drop of almost ten metres. Elsewhere, the changes in outflow channels meant that the main watershed in the Lake District shifted up to 300 kilometres in a SE-NW direction. Meanwhile, human activity has led to the total or partial drainage of about 3,000 lakes in different parts of the country. About four-fifths of the inland water area in Finland is of good or excellent water quality and only five percent is of moderate or poor quality.
Calibration curves representing shore displacement of the Baltic based on radiocarbon ages in the Karjaa, Perniö, Turku, Mynämäki, and Laitila areas, SW Finland
Land uplift in the Olkiluoto-Pyhäjärvi area, southwestern Finland, during the last 8000 years
Land uplift in the Olkiluoto-Pyhäjärvi area, Southwestern Finland, during the last 8000 years
Relative sea level changes in the eastern part of the Gulf of Finland during the last 8000 years
The physical geography of Fennoscandia
Developmental features of lacustrine basins on the uplift coast of the Bothnian Bay
Maritime landscape in change : archaeological, historical, palaeological and geological studies on Western Uusimaa
Glacial and postglacial history of the Baltic Sea and Finland
The BaltCoast project on integrated coastal zone development in the Baltic Sea Region : three case studies on use conflicts and use coordination in Ostrobothnia, Finland
Safety case for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel at Olkiluoto. Terrain and ecosystems development modelling in the biosphere assessment BSA-2012
Archaeological shore displacement chronology in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland
Late Weichselian and Holocene shore displacement history of the Baltic Sea in Finland
Spatio-temporal properties of tree-species belts during primary succession on rising Gulf of Bothnia coastlines
Comment on the subsidence adjustment applied to the Kemp et al. proxy of North Carolina relative sea level
Glacial rebound and crustal stress in Finland
Succession on a land uplift coast in relation to plant strategy theory
Sea level changes on the Finnish coast and their relationship to atmospheric factors
Vascular plant and moss species across successional mire basins on the land uplift coast of Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland
Geodynamical studies using gravimetry and levelling
The study focused on geological and ecological development of ten lacustrine basins in the Hailuoto – Oulunsalo – Lumijoki siltstone and claystone area of Muhos, and two lacustrine basins in the Kuivaniemi – Simo area of Svecokarelian schists and gneisses. The study on water quality, soil and sediment geochemistry, and sediment diatom assemblages of natural lacustrine basins, provide background values, which can be used in assessing the state of the water body in environmental studies.Water quality of the ten water bodies was monitored for 14 years. Water samples were studied for 28 different parameters. Soil and sediment geochemistry was studied on seven lacustrine basins by three different extraction methods. Extracts were analysed for ten parameters. The sediment diatom species were examined from five water bodies in accuracy of 1 cm thick layers.In the study area new water bodies are forming mainly in two different ways: isolation of marine bights and damming of dune ponds. The water bodies could be classified into five different groups based on water quality, sediment geochemistry, and sediment diatom assemblages. These also represent the different developmental stages of the lacustrine basins of the land uplift coast. Parameters of the water quality data could be divided into two main groups: electrolyte group and nutrient group. The water bodies studied segregated into two main categories: coastal and inland water bodies. The concentrations of electrolytes and nutrients were characteristically higher in the coastal water bodies compared to the inland water bodies. During the monitoring period eutrophication of the water bodies and significant seasonal variations of water quality were observed. According to the water quality data and diatom indices the prevailing conditions in the coastal water bodies were eutrophic; and in the inland water bodies ranging from mesotrophic to oligotrophic. The lacustrine basins were grouped mainly in accordance with their geochemical provinces. The geochemical gradients of soil, water quality and sediment in the chronosequence of the catchments on Hailuoto Island showed that when marine influence decreased, the lacustrine basins of the land uplift coast were observed to be oligotrophying, acidifying, and terrestrializating naturally.
The Kvarken Archipelago World Heritage Site : echoes of the Ice Age
Major discharge and floods of the Kymi river (Kymijoki) over the Salpausselkä I esker to coastal South Finland traced by 14C datings, unequal land upheaval, oral tradition and onomastics
About 62 percent of Finland's current surface area has been covered by the waters of the Baltic basin at some stage. The highest shorelines are located at a present altitude of about 220 metres above sea level in the north and 100 metres above sea level in the south-east. The nature of the Baltic Sea has alternated in the course of its four main postglacial stages between a freshwater lake and a brackish water basin connected to the outside ocean by narrow straits. This article provides a general overview of the principal stages in the history of the Baltic Sea and examines the regional influence of the associated shore displacement phenomena within Finland. The maps depicting the various stages have been generated digitally by GIS techniques.Following deglaciation, the freshwater Baltic Ice Lake (12,600-10,300 BP) built up against the ice margin to reach a level 25 metres above that of the ocean, with an outflow through the straits of Öresund. At this stage the only substantial land areas in Finland were in the east and south-east. Around 10,300 BP this ice lake discharged through a number of channels that opened up in central Sweden until it reached the ocean level, marking the beginning of the mildly saline Yoldia Sea stage (10,300-9500 BP). As the connecting channels rose above sea level, however, the Baltic Sea became confined once more, to form the Ancylus Lake (9500-8000 BP). During its existence the outflow channel to the ocean shifted to the Straits of Denmark and the major lake systems of central Finland became isolated from the Baltic basin. After the brief Mastogloia transition phase, a greater influx of saline water began to take place through the Straits of Denmark, marking the Litorina Sea stage (7500- 4000 BP), to be followed by a somewhat less saline stage known as the Limnea Sea. After a transgressive period early in the Litorina Sea stage, shoreline displacement in Finland has proceeded at a steadily declining rate.
Cartographic development and GIS activities in Finland : the Finnish papers in the 14th International Cartographic Conference, 17-24 August, Budapest 1989.
Land uplift and relative sea-level changes in the Loviisa area, southeastern Finland, during the last 8000 years
Land uplift and sea level variability spectrum using fully measured monthly means of tide gauge readings
Emergence history of the Karelian Isthmus
Postglacial deformation of the Fennoscandian crust
Taxon composition and food-web structure in a morphometric gradient of Baltic Sea land-uplift bays
Fennoscandian land uplift : proceedings of a symposium at Tvärminne, April 10-11, 1986, arranged by the Finnish National Committee for Quaternary Research
The changing level of the Baltic Sea during 300 years : a clue to understanding the earth
Post-glacial shore-level displacement of the Baltic in SW Finland
Postglacial deformation of bedrock in Finland
The earth machine : the science of a dynamic planet
The Mesolithic stone age of eastern middle Sweden
The late-quaternary land uplift in the Baltic sphere and the relation diagram of the raised and tilted shore levels
Vaasa Region : thousands of happy stories
Land tenure problems in coastal areas of Western Finland
Drivers of ecological and geomorphological patterns in the complex beach system
Natural succession and human-induced changes in the soft-bottom macrovegetation of shallow brackish bays on the southern coast of Finland
Succession of mire vegetation was studied in mire basins providing uniform chronosequences on the land uplift coast of the Bothnian Bay. The research was performed from transects crossing mire basins with similar hydrology in order to highlight the occurrence on different mire species in catchment areas. Material from vegetation sample plots was used, central species for each altitude belt were presented. Also the differences between the mire basins on moraine and sand were handled. On the mires under 5 m asl, the vegetation is dominated by species typical for swamps and seashores. Most Sphagnum species spread to the mire basins very quickly after the disappearance of the brackish sea-water effect. Along with the Sphagna are spreading most species typical for the mature hummock, lawn and carpet levels. The occurring of rich fen species seems to be closely connected with the groundwater discharge pattern. The study areas are situated on the coast of northern Bothnian Bay, where the developed mire systems are dominated by aapa mires. The results are compared with those from the more southern zone of bogs. The main difference seems to be the larger coverage of Sphagnum mosses even on the wetter sites on the development of bogs.
Long-term changes in lake and river systems in Finland
Probabilistic modeling of landscape development and surface water body formation
A model to date Stone Age sites within an area of abnormal uplift in Southern Finland
Succession of island vegetation in the land uplift area of the northernmost Gulf of Bothnia, Finland
Recomputation of land uplift values in Finland
Primary succession and dynamics of Norway spruce coastal forests on land-uplift ground moraine
Telkkälä, Muolaa : a multi-period dwelling site on the Karelian Isthmus
The Kitka lake complex (Kitkajärvi), some 300 km² in total area, is located at an altitude of 240.2 m a.s.l. on the Maanselkä watershed. Its waters flow eastwards to the White Sea via the river Kitkajoki. The western parts of the lake basin in particular feature shores now situated on dry land. The clearest raised shore-line represents a phase of Kitkajärvi called here Early Kitka. The postglacial history of the lake complex is studied here by means of trend-surface analysis and a combination of pollen stratigraphy with radio-carbon dating. The area is shown to have undergone deglaciation around 9400-9500 B. P. and to have been supra-aquatic from the outset. The Early Kitka shore‑line now slopes from west to east with a gradient of approx. 0.2 m/km. At this early phase the lake possessed bifurcation features, having one outflow channel eastwards via Kitkajoki and another westwards into the Gulf of Bothnia via Livojärvi. This latter route, which most probably existed immediately on deglaciation, was closed around 8400 B. P. A gradient curve for the Kitka region is presented based on dated shore-lines, and this suggests an exponential decrease in shore level gradients towards the present day.
Olkiluoto biosphere description 2012
On the recent uplift of the earth's crust in Finland
Ice sheets and late quaternary environmental change
Post-glacial history of lake Näsijärvi, Finland, and the origin of the Tammerkoski Rapids
Excavations at Helgö. 11, The Holocene development of landscape and environment in the south-east Mälaren valley, with special reference to Helgö
Sea-level studies along the coast of southwestern Norway : with emphasise on three short-lived Holocene marine events
Shore displacement in Western Uusimaa 500 BC - AD 1500.
