http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25433 Nepali language
Nepali language
Buddhas in Disguise : Deaf People of Nepal
Leaving Microsoft to change the world
Nepali-English, English-Nepali dictionary
The Indo-Aryan languages
Nepali : a national language and its literature
Language and national identity in Asia
Rajbanshi grammar and interlinearized text
Language system and its change : on theory and testability
Ratna English-Nepali pocket dictionary : (with Roman and Devanagari)
Descriptive and theoretical studies in minority languages of East and Southeast Asia
A grammar of Kham
Rev. R. Kilgour's dictionary English-Nepali
A course in Nepali
The inheritance of loss
Topics in Nepalese linguistics
The level of English in Nepal in grade ten : comparison between private and public school in Kathmandu and the countryside
Tulikärpänen valaisee sivun : haikuja = A firefly lights the page : haiku
Nepali visions, Nepali dreams : the poetry of Laxmiprasad Devkota
Nepali : [a complete course in understanding, speaking and writing]
Folk tales of Nepal : first series
Support to the Nepalese deaf and hard of hearing people : mid-term review
Chantyal dictionary and texts
The Antarvyāptisamarthana of Ratnākaraśānti
Ratna's basic Nepali dictionary : English-Nepali, Nepali-English : (with Davanagari and Roman transcriptions)
The Newari language : a working outline
English-Nepali dictionary
A grammar of Kulung
A comparative and etymological dictionary of the Nepali language
A Nepali version of the Vetālapañcaviṃśati
The ubiquitous Śiva : Somānanda's Śivadr̥ṣṭi and his tantric interlocutors
A grammar of Lepcha
Songs of Nepal : an anthology of Nevar folksongs and hymns
The local politics of global English : case studies in linguistic globalization
Teach yourself Nepali : a tourist manual
Nepali : a complete course in understanding, speaking and writing
A grammar of Dolakha Newar
Multilingual Education and Sustainable Diversity Work : From Periphery to Center
Complete Nepali
Maithil women's tales: storytelling on the Nepal-India border
Signing and belonging in Nepal
Introduction to Nepali : a first-year language course
(Regmi's) Anglo-Nepali-dictionary
The great English-Indian dictionary : for use in the various Aryan and Dravidian languages of India and Ceylone : namely Bengali, Gujrati, Hindi, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi, Nepali, Oriya, Punjabi, Singhalese, Tamil, Telugu, and allied languages. [Vol. 1, pt. 1], [Chemistry : elements, their derivatives and compounds, symbols, suffixes, etc.]
A sketch of the phonology and grammar of Rājbanshi
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to find similarities and dissimilarities between the Ne-palese and Finnish culture for the adaptation of Nepalese students in Finnish culture. The thesis was written for the Satakunta University of Applied Sciences which hosts new Nepalese students every year. Satakunta University of Applied Sciences wanted to make both student and social life easy for the Nepalese student in Finland, thus the research focus was on understanding the similarities and dissimilarities of these two different cultures. Under cultural studies, both cultures were studied to make the comparison and find the difference. The theoretical part of this thesis includes the comparison between the Nepalese and Finnish culture for understanding the cultural differences and their effect on the Ne-palese student's academic and social life. The second part includes the difficulties that Nepalese students are facing in different educational issues. The third study area examined what measures could be taken for the adaptation of incoming Nepalese students in Finnish culture. A qualitative method was chosen for the empirical study. Five Nepalese students who are currently studying and a former Nepalese student of SAMK were chosen to be interviewed. The interviewees were chosen based on their experience on concern-ing cultural differences and difficulties they are facing. The interviews were con-ducted with the use of unstructured interview questionnaires which was handed to the interviewee one week before the actual interview was taken. Personal observa-tions were also taken as part of study obtained by being the student from the same group. The research results provided different similarities and dissimilarities of academic and social culture between the Nepalese and Finnish students. The results show the different difficulties and problems that Nepalese are facing during their studies and also life outside the school. Based on the results, the main problem seems to be social life adaptation for Nepalese students. In respect to the results, Nepalese students were recommended to be flexible and open towards the Finnish culture and people. Nepalese students were as recommended to engage in different social activities which help to understand the Finnish culture and also help in minimizing the cultural shock. Nepalese students were also recommended to give more value to the words while talking and also adjust their tone to make it easy for the Finnish students to understand. It was also recommended to Nepalese students to be strict with the time in implementing their planning.
Ajanta's comprehensive dictionary : English-English-Nepali (comprising explanatory illustration) : with correct spoken pronunciation and accent of words in Dev Nagari script, definition, explanations with mostly viewed in technical sense as well commonly used with important phrases and idioms, foreign words with Nepali meanings
Mountains painted with turmeric : a novel
Alignment and ergativity in New Indo-Aryan languages
Perspectives on modern South Asia : a reader in culture, history, and representation
"While many deaf organizations around the world have adopted an ethno-linguistic framing of deafness, the meanings and consequences of this perspective vary across cultural contexts, and relatively little scholarship exists that explores this framework from an anthropological perspective. In this book, Erika Hoffmann-Dilloway presents an accessible examination of deafness in Nepal. As a linguistic anthropologist, she describes the emergence of Nepali Sign Language and deaf sociality in the social and historical context of Nepal during the last decades before the Hindu Kingdom became a secular republic. She then shows how the adoption of an ethno-linguistic model interacted with the ritual pollution model, or the prior notion that deafness results from bad karma. Her focus is on the impact of these competing and co-existing understandings of deafness on three groups: signers who adopted deafness as an ethnic identity, homesigners whose ability to adopt that identity is hindered by their difficulties in acquiring Nepali Sign Language, and hearing Nepalis who interact with Deaf signers. Comparing these contexts demonstrates that both the ethno-linguistic model and the ritual pollution model, its seeming foil, draw on the same basic premise: that both persons and larger social formations are mutually constituted through interaction. Signing and Belonging in Nepal is an ethnography that studies a rich and unique Deaf culture while also contributing to larger discussions about social reproduction and social change."--
Tibeto-Burman languages of the Himalayas
Survival guide for incoming Nepalese students to Finland
Basic Gurkhali dictionary : (Roman script)
Basic colloquial Maithili : a Maithili-Nepali-English vocabulary with some structure notes
A practical dictionary of modern Nepali = Vyāvahārik nepālī-angrejī śabdakoś
Land and social change in east Nepal : a study of Hindu-tribal relations
