http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25443 animators
animators
Lovely : ladies of animation : the art of Lorelay Bové, Mingjue Helen Chen, Claire Keane, Lisa Keene, Brittney Lee, & Victoria Ying
The beautiful minds of six extremely successful women artists in the entertainment industry present Lovely: Ladies of Animation. The history of art in animation has had many female heroes; this elite group is continuing the tradition and building upon it. Featuring the first published personal works by Lorelay Bové, Lisa Keene, and Claire Keane along with the works of previously published Mingjue Helen Chen, Brittney Lee and Victoria Ying, Lovely is an indispensible addition to the library of anyone interested in animation. With a variety of styles, from graphic works to realistic portraits, these images will inspire and delight the viewer with each turn of the page.
Studio Ghibli : the films of Hayao Miyazaki & Isao Takahata
The animated man : a life of Walt Disney
Unsung heroes of animation
"In the mid-1990s, filmmaker Hayao Miyazaki moved from success to success as his work found an audience outside of Japan. His animated films of the era, including Princess Mononoke, Howl's Moving Castle, and Ponyo, were internationally lauded, and Miyazaki won an Academy Award in 2003 for his popular and critical hit Spirited Away. Follow Miyazaki as his vision matures, as cinema-lovers worldwide embrace his creations, and as critics such as Roger Ebert take up the cause of animation and Miyazaki's films. In a legendary career, these crucial years represent the turning point"--
Jan Švankmajer : Dimensions of dialogue: between film and fine art
Proto anime cut archive : Räume und Visionen im japanischen Animationsfilm = spaces and visions in japanese animation
Becoming a video game artist : from portfolio design to landing the job
" ... animator and experimental film artist Norman McLaren talks here with film historian William Sloan, and introduces excerpts from his work to illustrate his ideas and techniques". Excerpts shown came from "Boogie Doodle", "Loop and Dots", "Begone dull care", "Rythmetic", "Poulette Grise", "Neighbors", "Canon", and "Pas de deux."
Animation sketchbooks
The nine old men : lessons, techniques, and inspiration from Disney's great animators
The art of Ray Harryhausen
The art of Penguins of Madagascar
Experimental film artist : Norman McLaren
Klassik po imeni Lëlâ v strane Mul'tiplikacii = A Classic, Liolly by Name, in the Land of Anmation
The fundamentals of animation
Benign icons : Patrick Woodroffe's world
Anime : a history
Starting point : 1979-1996
The animator's eye : adding life to animation with timing, layout, design, color and sound
Marc Davis : Walt Disney's renaissance man
Art unknown : raw diamonds from the frozen wasteland
Turning point : 1997-2008
