http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2548 separation of powers
separation of powers
The new institutional politics : performance and outcomes
Semi-presidentialism : sub-types and democratic performance
The American state constitutional tradition
Constituting federal sovereignty : the European Union in comparative context
Liminality matters : Balkanism and its edges in Bulgarian political cartoons 2004-2009
The Plantagenet empire, 1154-1224
Patterns of democracy : government forms and performance in thirty-six countries
Democracy and power-sharing in stormy weather : the case of Lebanon
Separation of powers : documents and commentary
The fragmented state : the political geography of power
Models of democracy
The end of power : from boardrooms to battlefields and churches to states, why being in charge isn't what it used to be
The powers of the Union : delegation in the EU
America unrivaled : the future of the balance of power
The structure of conflict
Neither separate nor equal : Congress in the 1790s
The end of the American era : U.S. foreign policy and the geopolitics of the twenty-first century
Political institutions in the United States
The new great game : blood and oil in Central Asia
Division of powers between the owners and the management of a public corporation in the Anglo-Saxon and the Roman Germanic civil law company regimes
From government to governance
Constitutional problems of the European Union
"The latest version of a classic. New edition includes for first time coverage of: Obama's military decisions in Iraq and Afghanistan; military operations against Libya in 2011; efforts to close Guantanamo; threatened attacks on Syria in 2013; "Fast and Furious" scandal: Attorney General Holder's contempt and Obama's use of executive privilege; Obama's recess appointments during a pro forma session; Obama's reliance on executive branch secrecy and the so-called "state secrets privilege;" the lack of presidential accountability; a new analysis of the differences between "implied" powers (constitutional) and "inherent" powers (not constitutional); the growth in presidential "czar" appointments; the use of pocket vetoes and "hybrid vetoes"; and new developments in the president's removal power"--
Nixon and Kissinger : partners in power
Physical and cultural space in pre-industrial Europe : methodological approaches to spatiality
Prior to the Industrial Era, the geography of Europe posed problems, but also offered possibilities for its people. This book intends to answer how early modern Europeans - rulers, officials, aristocrats, scholars, priests, and commoners - perceived, utilised and organised the space around them.
How to democratize the European Union ... and why bother
Policy transfer in European Union governance : regulating the utilities
The self-restraining state : power and accountability in new democracies
The international ombudsman anthology : selected writings from the International Ombudsman Institute
Managing conflict after civil war : the power-sharing and power-dividing approaches
Europe and the United States : the emerging security partnership
Fact-finding/needs assessment mission to Liberia, 11-16 May 1998.
Semi-presidentialism in Central and Eastern Europe
The constitution of the United Kingdom : a contextual analysis
The post-cold war order : the spoils of peace
"Over three decades after its initial publication, Louis Fisher's durable classic remains at the head of its class--a book that Congressional Quarterly called "as close to being indispensable as anything published in this field." This newly revised sixth edition emphatically reinforces that sterling reputation. Fisher dissects the crucial constitutional disputes between the executive and legislative branches of government from the Constitutional Convention through President Clinton's impeachment battles to the recent controversies over President Bush's conduct as commander in chief. He ventures beyond traditional discussions of Supreme Court decisions to examine the day-to-day working relationships between the president and Congress. By analyzing a mixture of judicial pronouncements, executive acts, and legislative debates, Fisher pinpoints the critical areas of legislative-executive tension: appointment powers, investigatory powers, legislative and executive vetoes, the budgetary process, and war powers. He then examines these areas of tension within a concrete political and historical context. To scholars, this book offers a comprehensive examination of the institutions and issues of public law. For practitioners, general readers, and students of American government, it demonstrates how constitutional issues shape and define current events. The new edition covers for the first time: * Obama's military decisions in Afghanistan and Iraq * Military operations against Libya in 2011 * Threatened attacks on Syria in 2013 * Efforts to close Guantanamo * Obama's recess appointments during a pro forma session * "Fast and Furious" scandal: Holder's contempt and Obama's executive privilege * The growth of presidential "czars" * Executive branch secrecy and lack of accountability * State Secrets Privilege after 9/11 * Distinguishing between "implied" powers (constitutional) and "inherent" powers (not constitutional) * Pocket vetoes and the growth of "hybrid vetoes" * New developments in the President's removal power"--
Presidents, parties, and prime ministers : how the separation of powers affects party organization and behavior
Comitology : delegation of powers in the European union and the committee system
Unipolar politics : realism and state strategies after the Cold War
Power in transition : the peaceful change of international order
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
Allocation of law enforcement authority in the international system : proceedings of an international symposium of the Kiel Institute of International Law, March 23 to 25, 1994
War, peace and hegemony in a globalized world : the changing balance of power in the 21st century
Oil and world power : background to the oil crisis
"Argues that power is changing, becoming harder to use and easier to lose. All leaders have less power than their predecessors and the potential for upheaval is unprecedented. The antiestablishment drive of micropowers can topple tyrants, dislodge monopolies and open remarkable new opportunities but it can also lead to chaos." --Publisher's description.
Institutional design and voting power in the European Union
The directly elected (chief executive) mayor and local leadership in German local government: in comparative perspective
Separation of powers in practice
"Dividing the realm in order to govern" : the spatial organization of the Song state (960-1276 CE)
Rule of law principles in international reconstruction
Comitology : delegation of powers in the European Union and the committee system
Divided power : the Presidency, Congress, and the formation of American foreign policy
Towards leadership democracy : the changing balance of power in three Finnish political parties 1983-2012
How has memory - collective and individual - influenced European politics after the Second World War and after 1989 in particular? How has the past been used in domestic struggles for power, and how have 'historical lessons' been applied in foreign policy? While there is now a burgeoning field of social and cultural memory studies, mostly focused on commemorations and monuments, this volume is the first to examine the connection between memory and politics directly. It investigates how memory is officially recast, personally reworked and often violently re-instilled after wars, and, above all, the ways memory shapes present power constellations. The chapters combine theoretical innovation in their approach to the study of memory with deeply historical, empirically based case studies of major European countries. The volume concludes with reflections on the ethics of memory, and the politics of truth, justice and forgetting after 1945 and 1989.
Democracy, legitimacy and the European Union
Judicial independence : a legal research on its theoretical aspects, practices from Germany, the United States of America, France, Vietnam, and recommendations for Vietnam
Chinese politics and the succession to Mao
Nine decades of Finnish presidency 1919-2009
Muslim women of power : gender, politics and culture in Islam
Divided Government in Finland : from a semi-presidential to a parliamentary
The armies of the caliphs : military and society in the early Islamic state
The people's queen
Control in constitutional law
Comparative analysis of Finno-Sinic management : in-depth study of the dimensions of cross-cultural friction and synergy in management of Finnish firms in Hong Kong
Isabella d'Este and Francesco Gonzaga : power sharing at the Italian Renaissance court
Liberalism and pluralism : towards a politics of compromise
The United States of Europe : the new superpower and the end of American supremacy
Balance of power : theory and practice in the 21st century
The case for Congress : separation of powers and the War on Terror
Constitutional law of the European union
Antiochus III and the cities of Western Asia Minor
The rule of law and the separation of powers
China's new rulers : the secret files
Parliaments and coalitions : the role of legislative institutions in multiparty governance
The three branches : a comparative model of separation of powers
Constitution of the United Kingdom : a contextual analysis
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
The justification of public authority
Memory and power in post-war Europe : studies in the presence of the past
Class politics in the information age
Localising power in post-authoritarian Indonesia : a Southeast Asia perspective
Political power and social theory
Who runs this place? : the anatomy of Britain in the 21st century
Thinking about democracy : power sharing and majority rule in theory and practice
Generations in motion : the transition in Hungary and the democratic change of regime, 1987-94
British political parties : the distribution of power within the Conservative and Labour Parties
Pivotal politics : a theory of U.S. lawmaking
Politics and power in the multinational corporation : the role of institutions, interests and identities
Semi-presidential aspects in the year 2000 Constitution of Finland
The separation of powers in the contemporary constitution : judicial competence and independence in the United Kingdom
Revolution and world order : the revolutionary state in international society
The Treaty of Nice : actor preferences, bargaining and institutional choice
Hierarchy in international relations
The functioning of the U.S. government is a bit messier than Americans would like to think. The general understanding of policymaking has Congress making the laws, executive agencies implementing them, and the courts applying the laws as written - as long as those laws are constitutional. "Making Policy, Making Law" fundamentally challenges this conventional wisdom, arguing that no dominant institution - or even a roughly consistent pattern of relationships - exists among the various players in the federal policymaking process. Instead, at different times and under various conditions, all branches play roles not only in making public policy, but in enforcing and legitimizing it as well. This is the first text that looks in depth at this complex interplay of all three branches. The common thread among these diverse patterns is an ongoing dialogue among roughly coequal actors in various branches and levels of government. Those interactions are driven by processes of conflict and persuasion distinctive to specific policy arenas as well as by the ideas, institutional realities, and interests of specific policy communities. Although complex, this fresh examination does not render the policymaking process incomprehensible; rather, it encourages scholars to look beyond the narrow study of individual institutions and reach across disciplinary boundaries to discover recurring patterns of interbranch dialogue that define (and refine) contemporary American policy. "Making Policy, Making Law" provides a combination of contemporary policy analysis, an interbranch perspective, and diverse methodological approaches that speak to a surprisingly overlooked gap in the literature dealing with the role of the courts in the American policymaking process. It will undoubtedly have significant impact on scholarship about national lawmaking, national politics, and constitutional law. For scholars and students in government and law - as well as for concerned citizenry - this book unravels the complicated interplay of governmental agencies and provides a heretofore in-depth look at how the U.S. government functions in reality.
Decision rules in the European Union : a rational choice perspective
Constitutional comparison : Japan, Germany, Canada and South Africa as constitutional states
Just democracy : the Rawls-Machiavelli programme
Constitutionalism and the role of parliaments
Constitutional conflicts between Congress and the President
The rise of the unelected : democracy and the new separation of powers
Prospects of the rule of law
US-Indonesian hegemonic bargaining : strength of weakness
Bounding power : republican security theory from the polis to the global village
Making policy, making law : an interbranch perspective
Dividing lines between the European Union and its member states : the impact of the treaty of Lisbon
Divided government in comparative perspective
Institutions in environmental management : constructing mental models and sustainability
Democratic politics in a European Union under stress
From power sharing to democracy : post-conflict institutions in ethnically divided societies
The discretionary president : the promise and peril of executive power
The directly elected (chief executive) mayor and local leadership in German local government : in comparative perspective
Abu Dhabi : oil and beyond
What went wrong? : Western impact and Middle Eastern response
Queenship in Europe 1660-1815 : the role of the consort
Delegation and accountability in European integration : the Nordic parliamentary democracies and the European Union
National interests, EU enlargement and coalition formation : four essays on national influence in the EU
Understanding the policy process : analysing the welfare policy and practice
Montesquieu's separation of powers and the semi-presidential constitution - Finland's past and future?
Semi-presidentialism and democracy
Globalization : the hidden agenda
