http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25406 model agreements
model agreements
Commercial agreements and competition law : practice and procedure in the UK and EEC
The visual effects producer : understanding the art and business of VFX
The economics of climate change
International environmental economics theories, models and applications to climate change, international trade and acidification
Wage determination, taxes, and employment : evidence from Finland
ICC Model Mergers & Acquisitions Contract : I-Share Purchase Agreement
A concise guide to European patents : law and practice
Labour unions, public policy and economic growth
Establishing Facilities Management Agreed Service Level : In Compliance with the Core Business Needs
The international protection of industrial designs
Europeanization of spatial planning : exploring the spatialities of European integration
The TRIPS agreement and developing countries
Sticky wages in a full employment monetary economy with efficient risk sharing
Trade related aspects of intellectual property rights : a commentary on the TRIPS agreement
The economics of contracts : a primer
Law and Economics
Prospects for cost-efficient water protection in the Baltic Sea
Incentives and political economy
On-the-job learning in Finland : the education system under the National Board of Education
Financial contracting with correlated cash-flows
Intellectual property and international trade : the TRIPs agreement
EU intellectual property law
Models of currency crises with banking sector and imperfectly competitive labor markets
The ICC Model International Sale Contract : Manufactured goods intended for resale
Law and economics
Työsuhteen malliasiakirjat = Modeller för anställningsdokument = Model contracts of employment relationship
Law & economics
European patent materials and index
Incomplete contracting in an R&D project : the Micronas case
Next generation contracts : a paradigm shift
Investment into new manufacturing capacity : case study
From innovation to cash-flows : value creation by structuring high technology alliances
The China business model : originality and limits
Essays on the design of enviromental policy
Intellectual property in Europe
Effects of WTO membership on income distribution and labour movement in China : a CGE analysis
The China Business Model: Originality and Limits emphasizes transformation of the Chinese Business Model over the last decades. The impact of the financial crisis on China helps the reader understand its evolution towards capitalism. Topics covered include CSR, leadership, and management in China, how do these organizations impact the performance of companies, the financing policy of Chinese firms and its evolution till the slowdown, finance and business in China, and how could the banking sector and/or the financial markets help the development of Chinese companies?
Contracting for public services
International commercial transactions
Abstract (1 s.).
The purpose of the case study was to evaluate the expansion of contract manufacturing capacities at Biovian Ltd, a biopharmaceutical contract development and manufacturing company. Starting point for the study was the fact that Biovian received an initiative for expansion from one of the clients to manufacture continuously a biopharmaceutical product for sales. The aim was to estimate the required size of investment as well as to make predictions about the payback period of the investment. Pre-requisites for the manufacturing capacity expansion were identified. A project plan and schedule was drawn up. Plans were laid out for expansion of the manufacturing plant, equipment acquisitions and personnel resources. Technology transfer of the production method was included in the planning. The plans were used to estimate capital expenditures required for the investment. Additionally, the fixed costs were forecasted.This in turn helped to predict the payback period and to justify pricing. The business model of continuous manufacturing is different from Biovian's current business model for contract development and manufacturing. The differences between the two business models were studied and compared. The purpose of the comparisons was to provide company management with new viewpoints for investment decisions. Finally, in the concluding part, the case study findings and observations were reflected on in light of literature on the biopharmaceutical industry. The growing biopharmaceutical market, current shortage of contract manufacturing capacity, and the outsourcing market trend all support investments into manufacturing capacity. The client's commitment to a long-term contract was perceived as the greatest risk for the investment decision.In order to ensure the client's commitment and to distribute the capital risks equally, an initiative for new strategic partnership between the company and the client was suggested. The results in this case study were used by the company in preparing for and conducting contract negotiations.
Essays on the design of environmental policy
Optimal public procurement contracts under a soft budget constraint
Negotiations and exclusivity contracts for advertising
Labour management, contracts and capital markets : a general equilibrium approach
