http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25485 zones
zones
Where the world ended : re-unification and identity in the German borderland
Agroforestry in dryland Africa
Nuclear-weapon-free zones in the 21st century
Buffer Zone Plans for Lake Nakuru National Park and for Njoro River in Kenya
Modelling boreal forest CO2 exchange and seasonality
Zonal distribution of flies on the hill Ailigas in subarctic northern Finland
Role of temperature in the biological activity of a boreal forest
The outlook of Finnish foreign policy
Development of biogenic VOC emission inventories for the boreal forest
Mires on the map of Russia
Littoral contribution to whole-lake primary production in highly humic Lake Mekkojärvi
Physical properties of a boreal clay soil under differently managed perennial vegetation : doctoral dissertation
Development of species composition during succession is well studied in natural boreal forests, but empirical assessments of how within-stand spatial structure develops in late-successional stages are few. Here, we quantified spatial patterns in three unmanaged stands consisting of Picea abies (L.) Karst. and Betula pubescens Ehrh. and Betula pendula Roth (hereafter Betula spp.) in northern boreal Fennoscandia. We conducted a comprehensive analysis of small-scale spatial point patterns in three fully mapped 1.2-ha sample plots, representing different forest developmental stages: mid-successional, late-successional and old-growth forest. We used several variants of Ripley's K-function to analyze the spatial point patterns along the successional gradient. Univariate analyses showed that mature trees of both species were either randomly distributed or clumped. P. abies saplings were clumped, and Betula spp. saplings occurred in a random or clumped manner. In the bivariate analyses, saplings were more likely to be found in the surroundings of mature trees of the same species, but occurred independent of the individuals of other tree species. Mature trees showed interspecific repulsion. Only modest differences occurred in the univariate patterns between the three successional stages, but in the bivariate analyses the most evident patterns, i.e. intraspecific attraction and interspecific repulsion, were stronger in the older successional stages. Overall, the studied stands appear structured as species-specific mosaics. These mosaics, along with mixed species composition, seem to be maintained by species self-replacement, which contrasts with findings from earlier studies..
Abolishing nuclear weapons
Prosopis, an alien among the sacred trees of South India
Frontiers of the Roman Empire
Using a botanic garden collection to test a bioclimatic vegetation scheme
The role of terpenes in carbon and nitrogen cycling in boreal forest soils
Restoration of ecosystem structure and function in boreal spruce swamp forests
Small states and security regimes : the international politics of nuclear non-proliferation in nordic Europe and the South Pacific
Carbon dynamics and ecosystem diversity of Amazonian peatlands
The Treaty of Pelindaba on the African nuclear-weapon-free zone
The port call issue : Finnish policies in a Nordic perspective
Glacial flutings in northern Finnish Lapland
Forest zones of Siberia as determined by climatic zones and their possible transformation trends under global change
Soviet strategic interests in the North
Permafrost in our time : community-based permafrost temperature archive
Mapping the Body, Embodying the Map: A corporeal taxonomy into a topographical transformation at the  border of Nicosia is a project realized along and across the buffer zone within the Venetian walls of Nicosia, the  capital city of Cyprus.  The focus of this project is the area that divides the city into two parts and it has been mentioned as buffer zone,  green line, borderline, dividing line, dead zone and many more. This restricted area has activated not only  physical barriers for people but also caused emotional and mental restrain.  The motivation is my wish to reveal the significance of this area and uncover the impact it creates on the body:  physical, mental and emotional. Also my intention is to deform and reconstruct the psychophysical perceptions of  the dividing line through artistic means.  The approach and method of working consists of artistic research, and a practical and theoretical framework. I  have used live performance as my creative technique to realize a series of site-specific performance interventions  along and across the Nicosia buffer zone in order to generate knowledge about that area, examined in my research.  In addition, the written part of this project includes a description and analysis of my artistic work at the border,  supported with theories focusing mainly on José Esteban Muñoz's work, “Disidentifications” (1999) and Sarah  Pink's “Doing Sensory Ethnography” (2009).  This thesis project questions: How the conventional idea of the border and its solidified historicity can be  transformed to a new perception through performing, while bringing a psychophysical transformation to this  experience? To come to an answer, the body is used as a tool to create live actions and the Nicosia border is used  as a site to be experienced through non covnentional ways. Finally, the outcome is an experiential mapping, which  is shaped while the body is used to measure, archive, experience and re-experience, and therefore memorize the  border anew.
Modelling of vegetative filter strips in catchment scale erosin control
Boreal environment research
Ecological processes and large-scale climate relationships in northern coniferous forests
The structure of zooplankton communities in large boreal lakes and assessment of zooplankton methodology
The Anzus crisis, nuclear visiting and deterrence
Approaches to European security in the 1990s
Boreal forest and climate change
Seasonal response of biomass growth and allocation of a boreal bioenergy crop (Phalaris arundinacea L.) to climate change
Geography of North Korea and its future
Arctic flora and fauna : an introduction to biodiversity, status and conservation
Variation in temperature challenges crop production and animal farming. Elevated temperatures are often harmful, though may also open opportunities at high latitudes. Impacts depend on the vulnerability of the object, production system and their resilience to climatic variability. The station-wise temperature observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for a time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to measure the likelihood for: 1) elevated temperatures of a) ≥1 °C above normal for three weeks, b) ≥2 °C above normal for two weeks and c) ≥3 °C above normal for one week, and 2) heatwaves with daily maximum temperature >25 °C for: a) 5 days (short) or b) 14 days (long episode). We also estimated the likelihood of warm winds in the early growing season which may enhance pest migration. We found large spatial and temporal variations in the likelihoods of elevated temperatures with many impacts on crop production, animal farming and welfare. In fact, only 1 °C temperature elevation may already be harmful, though in some cases also beneficial depending on region and vulnerability or adaptation of the object and production system. Though we show only some examples of the potential impacts of temperature variation on high latitude agro-ecosystems, these data are valuable as such for much wider applications in agriculture and beyond that.
Management and utilization of mangroves in Asia and the Pacific
Forest governance and climate change adaptation : case studies of four African countries
A manual on international humanitarian law and arms control agreements
Building a weapons of mass destruction free zone in the Middle East : global non-proliferation regimes and regional experiences
The winding road from exclusion to ownership : governance and social outcomes in contemporary forest conservation in northeastern Tanzania
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: II Precipitation
The why, how and when of the Nordic nuclear-weapon-free zone as seen from a Finnish perspective
A nuclear weapon free zone in the Nordic area : conditions and options
Regional initiatives on nuclear- and WMD-free zones : cooperative approaches to arms control and non-proliferation
Cooperation in the Baltic sea region
Long-term dynamics in growth of Scots pine and Siberian spruce in Komi Republic (European part of Russia)
The course of ecological seasons in North European in the middle and north boreal regions of Northern Europe for climate change during the last 25 years : the examples of Svartberget (Sweden) and Oulanka (Finland)
The international regulation of armaments : the law of disarmament
Nordic nuclear-weapon-free zone : report of a working group appointed by the Ministry for foreign affairs
To the international guests of the XIII SAK Congress 2.6.1986
Potential of forest biomass production and utilization for mitigation of climate change in boreal conditions
A tale of two motivations : Finland's quest for multilateral means against the nuclear bomb
Forest resources of tropical Asia : tropical forest resources assessment project
Back from the brink : the creation of a nuclear-free New Zealand
Remote sensing of leaf area index : enhanced retrieval from close-range and remotely sensed optical observations
Nuclear weapon free zones in Europe : an option for the future?
Carbon fractions and stocks in organic layers in boreal forest soils : impacts of climatic and nutritional conditions
Reflexology : health at your fingertips
Albite alteration at Suurikuusikko, northern Finland, and its relation to gold deposition
Retention of phosphorus in peatland buffer zones at six forested catchments in southern Finland
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Tropical Wines : Petrolina, Brazil, May 25-28, 2010
Ten years after Helsinki : the making of the European security regime
Adaptive and neutral variation of the resprouter Nothofagus antarctica growing in distinct habitats in north-western Patagonia
Resistance and recolonization of bryophyte assemblages following disturbances : detecting patterns and exploring mechanisms
The zonal distribution of blowflies (Dipt., Calliphoridae) an the arctic hill Ailigas in Finland
Agricultural technologies and tropical deforestation
Height distributions of Scots pine sapling stands affected by retained tree and edge stand competition
National atlas of Norway. Vegetation
The importance of novel ecosystems for biodiversity : a study of ground beetles (Carabidae) on afforested fields
The U.S.-Mexican border in the twentieth century : a history of economic and social transformation
Structural dynamics at boreal forest edges created by a spruce budworm outbreak
Grazing, disturbance and plant soil interactions in northern grasslands
Peace and security in the Asia Pacific region : Post-Cold War problems and prospects
Importance of structural features of leaves and canopy in determining species shade-tolerance in temperate deciduous woody taxa
Mapping of growing stock and stand delineation for tropical forests using remote sensing
The United Nations and nuclear disarmament : achievements on the way to a nuclear-weapon-free world : information guide for photo exhibition
Responses of non-methane biogenic volatile organic compound emissions to climate change in boreal and subarctic ecosystems
Bacterial nitrogen fixation in boreal mosses
Regional development zones in spatial development in Finland : governing spatial development through new territorial frames
A descriptive forest inventory of Canada's forest regions
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: III Frost and winter time fluctuation
Reflexology : a way to better health
Phosphorus retention in forest soils and the functioning of buffer zones used in forestry
The Nordic nuclear-weapon-free zone : purposes, problems, prospects
Arctic wears : perspectives on arctic clothing
The Nordic nuclear-free zone : a report on action by citizens' organizations
Approach to data collection for soil carbon modelling in Benin
Boreal populations facing climatic and habitat changes
Spatial and temporal variability of freshwater biodiversity in natural and modified forested landscapes
The role of zooplankton in littoral communities : diversity and food web interactions in the Baltic Sea
Answers of Mr. Kalevi Sorsa to the questions of the Bulgarian journalist from the weekly " Anteni " Vladimir Avramov
Properties of the sporadic E layer at Sodankylä
Co-operation in the Baltic Sea region : needs and prospects
Essays on socially optimal phosphorus policies in crop production
The zones of proximal development in children’s play
Mire zones and sections in North Fennoscandia
There is great temporal and spatial variation in precipitation in Finland. Both drought episodes and repeated, abundant rains may interfere with crop growth, yield and quality formation, and many agricultural operations (such as tillage, sowing, crop protection and harvesting). The windows for optimal operations are often narrow due to the short growing season and variable weather conditions. Field traffic at high soil moisture may e.g. cause soil compaction. Also, the high environmental footprint on agriculture under high latitude conditions is often attributable to fluctuations in precipitation. The station-wise precipitation observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for the time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to calculate the likelihood of: 1) drought periods and 2) periods with repeated rains with above normal precipitation sum so that both of these lasted for at least a) two weeks or b) three weeks. We demonstrated substantial spatial and temporal variation in the likelihood of drought and repeated rains: drought episodes were common during the early half of the growing season, while again repeated rains with high accumulated precipitation (lasting for two weeks) became common in the latter part of the growing season. Though, we highlighted in this paper some examples of how these events may affect agriculture and their environmental impacts, the datasets published here may be applied for many other assessments.
The implications of South Asiaś nuclear tests for the non-proliferation and disarmament regimes : a report of the UNIDIR Conference held on 7-8 September 1998, Palais des Nations, Geneva
The Pacific : peace, security & the nuclear issue
Mapping the body, embodying the map : a corporeal  taxonomy into a topographical transformation at the  border of Nicosia
Quaternary environmental change in the tropics
Reflexology : therapies and techniques for well-being
Distribution of Ichneumonidae (Hymenoptera) at different altitude belts in Finnish Lapland
Allometric biomass equations for shrub and small tree species in subtropical China
In the boreal zone of Europe, differences between the four seasons are considerable. Also, the within-season variation in climatic conditions is substantial. This has many impacts on agriculture that are exceptional when compared to any other environmental zone in Europe. All the meteorological data were based on weather observations made by the Finnish Meteorological Institute. Likelihood (%) for soil frost (≤ 0 °C at 20 cm soil depth) at nine weather stations, and late snow cover (> 1 cm) (10 km × 10 km grid) were estimated for late spring. Probabilities (%) of night frost at the ground surface (March-September) were calculated at nine weather stations by frequencies of the lowest observed night-time temperature: a) between -2 and -5 °C (mild), b) ≤ -5 °C (moderate) and c) ≤ -9 °C (severe). Also, the probabilities (%) of night frost in mid-summer were estimated (≤ -1 °C for at least five hours). Furthermore, a significant shift from mild to below-freezing conditions was measured in winter as a period of at least ten days with daily maximum temperatures above 0°C followed by at least a 10-day period with daily mean temperatures below -5°C in order to characterize high fluctuating winter conditions. All these except late snow cover constitute high risks to crop production. Deep soil frost may postpone sowings, while in advanced springs, night frost may cause damage. For winter crops and perennials, shifts from mild to cold spells outside the growing season are particularly detrimental. Again the data may have many other applications beyond the assessments highlighted in this paper.
Landscape mosaic in the treeline ecotone on Mt Rodjanoaivi, Subarctic Finland
Plant biodiversity in boreal wood-pastures : impacts of grazing and abandonment
Forest act habitats : Finnish woodland key habitats amid the intensive forestry
Boreal and subarctic soils under climatic change
The objective of this paper is to differentiate the landscape in the treeline ecotone in Subarctic Finland with an examination of its mosaic structure and functional role in treeline dynamics. Highly varying topography is a key factor controlling drainage conditions, vegetation, local climates and soils. Natural drainage classes, soil data (pH, Corg, Nt, C/N ratio, moisture) and dominant vegetation were used to characterize site conditions and to show the grouping of six representative sites along a synthetic topographical transect (model). The abrupt increase in soil moisture and pH values at the distal end of the lowest zones indicates a relatively sharp and ecologically important limit between well drained sites (ridge tops, upper valley side, interfluves) and valleys with both poorly and very poorly drained sites. Remains of birch wood in wind-scarps, hummocks and peaty layers give evidence of former open birch forest in present treeless sites. Forest decline has enforced the contrasts in site conditions between windswept and snow accumulating topography. The landscape mosaic and resultant site conditions are strongly influencing treeline dynamics and consequently, the landscape mosaic needs to be carefully considered when discussing the possible effects of the changing climate in the treeline ecotone.
Dependence of Arctic char (Salvelinus alpinus L.) on littoral and pelagic energy sources in a subarctic lake, Saanajärvi
Butterflies of the Afrotropical region
Environment, vegetation and greenness (NDVI) along the North America and Eurasia Arctic transects : focus on dynamics of arctic and sub-arctic vegetation
Linking water and carbon cycles : modeling latent heat exchange and dissolved organic carbon
The influence of disturbance on lepidopteran larvae and their seasonality on a constant resource : implications for conservation
A comparison of the impacts of introduced signal crayfish and native noble crayfish in boreal lake ecosystems
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
"The Permafrost/Active Layer Monitoring Program is an ongoing project that builds on work begun in 2005 to establish long-term permafrost and active layer monitoring sites adjacent to schools in Alaska and in the circumpolar permafrost region (Russia, Norway, China, Mongolia, Japan, Canada and Greenland). Over three hundred schools (red dots in globe) are involved in the project. The monitoring sites collect temperature measurement data on permafrost and the length and depth of the active layer. This information is important because changes in permafrost conditions affect local ecosystems and hydrological regimes, and can influence the severity on natural disasters"--page 4 of cover.
Spatial tree community structure in three stands across a forest succession gradient in northern boreal Fennoscandia
The impact of FSC certification on timber tree regeneration and floristic composition in Honduran community forests
Establishment guide : a guide to the establishment of research and demonstration plantings of nitrogen fixing trees
Containing the atom
Natural disturbances such as insect outbreaks create boundaries that influence vegetation patterns and ecological processes.  To better understand the effects of natural edge creation on relatively intact forests and adjacent disturbed areas, we investigated forest structure on both sides of 30 year-old forest edges created by a spruce budworm (Choristoneura fumiferana Clemens) outbreak in the boreal forest of Cape Breton Highlands National Park, Canada.  Our objectives were: 1) to determine edge influence (compared to interior forest) and forest influence (compared to disturbed areas) on vegetation structure, and 2) to gain insight into the structural development of the edges.  Canopy cover, tree density, radial growth and deadwood were sampled in 5 m x 20 m plots along 120 m transects across six edges.  Randomization tests were used to estimate the magnitude and distance of edge and forest influence.  Narrow transition zones approximately 10 m wide characterized the spruce budworm-induced edges.  Edge influence did not extend into the forest; however, forest influence on structure was detected up to 40 m from the edge into the disturbed area.  We found evidence of the insect outbreak in the form of reduced radial growth during the disturbance across the entire disturbed area-forest gradient, which indicates that spruce budworm activity may not have ceased directly at the edge.  Tree mortality caused by the insect outbreak resulted in snags, many of which have transformed into logs since the outbreak collapsed.  Spruce budworm outbreak-induced forest edges are narrow but dynamic boundaries separating two distinct vegetation communities in the boreal landscape..
Seasonality of bacterioplankton in subarctic ponds above and below treeline
Species richness of Neotropical parasitoid wasps (Hymenoptera : Ichneumonidae) revisited
Biological interactions in the boreal ecosystem under climate change : are the vole and predator cycles disappearing?
Carbon stocks, greenhouse gas emissions and water balance of Sudanese savannah woodlands in relation to climate change
Mangrove ecosystems in Australia : structure, function and management
Herbivory in riparian buffers of agricultural landscapes in SW Finland
Borders matter : transboundary regions in contemporary Europe
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: I Elevated temperatures
Continental crossroads : remapping U.S.-Mexico borderlands history
The Soviet Union and the Nordic nuclear-weapons-free-zone proposal
Carbon isotope records of sedimentary carbonate rocks in the Pechenga belt, NW Russia : implications for the Precambrian carbon cycle
The next priorities for international security and disarmament
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region : implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Impacts of the non-native crayfish (Pacifastacus leniusculus) on littoral benthic invertebrate communities in Lake Päijänne
Trees and forests : a colour guide : biology, pathology, propagation, silviculture, surgery, biomes, ecology, conservation
Species-specific allometric equations for shrubs and small trees are relatively scarce, thus limiting the precise quantification of aboveground biomass (AGB) in both shrubby vegetation and forests. Fourteen shrub and small tree species in Eastern China were selected to develop species-specific and multispecies allometric biomass equations. Biometric variables, including the diameter of the longest stem (D), height (H), wet basic density (BD), and crown area and shape were measured for each individual plant. We measured the AGB through a non-destructive method, and validated these measurements using the dry mass of the sampled plant components. The AGB was related to biometric variables using regression analysis. The species-specific allometric models, with D and H as predictors (D-H models) accounted for 70% to 99% of the variation in the AGB of shrubs and small trees. A multispecies allometric D-H model accounted for 71% of the variation in the AGB. Although BD, as an additional predictor, improved the fit of most models, the D-H models were adequate for predicting the AGB for shrubs and small trees in subtropical China without BD data..
The variable position of Arctic charr (Salvelinus alpinus (L.)) in subarctic lake food webs
Temperature sensitivity of soil organic matter decomposition in boreal soils
Japan's nuclear future : the plutonium debate and East Asian security
Areal distribution of monthly mean air temperatures in Fennoscandia (1921-1950)
Archaea in the mycorrhizosphere of boreal forest trees
The nuclear taboo : the United States and the non-use of nuclear weapons since 1945
Sedimentary diatoms in inferring trophic status and limnological changes in boreal lakes
Global warming, forest biodiversity and conservation strategies in boreal landscapes
Arctic complexity : essays on arctic interdependencies
Overwintering strategies of a boreal small mammal in a changing climate
What makes borders real : in the Namibia-Zambia and Uganda-South Sudan borderlands
