http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25552 crowdsourcing
crowdsourcing
Building smart cities : analytics, ICT, and design thinking
Crowdsourcing : aggregation and selction mechanisms and the impact of peer contributions on contests
Collaborative innovation : crowdsourcing in practice
Things from the future : how can we crowdsource innovation foresight with games?
Developing a crowdsourced videographic research method for consumer culture research
Time-sensitive remote sensing
Abstract.
Essential reading for cyber-security professionals, security analysts, policy experts, decision-makers, activists, and law enforcement! During the Arab Spring movements, the world witnessed the power of social media to dramatically shape events. Now this timely book shows government decision-makers, security analysts, and activists how to use the social world to improve security locally, nationally, and globally and cost-effectively. Authored by two technology/behaviour/security professionals, Using Social Media for Global Security offers pages of instruction and detail on cutting-edge social media technologies, analysing social media data, and building crowd sourcing platforms. The book teaches how to collect social media data and analyse it to map the social networks of terrorists and sex traffickers, and forecast attacks and famines. You will learn how to coalesce communities through social media to help catch murderers, coordinate disaster relief, and collect intelligence about drug smuggling from hard-to-reach areas. Also highlighting dramatic case studies drawn from the headlines, this crucial book is a must-read.
Crowdsourcing
Collective intelligence in open journalism : power, knowledge and value
Supporting the design and development of an online advocacy community : a community model and related design elements for advancing women's health and rights
The crowdsourced performance review : how to use the power of social recognition to transform employee performance
Five experiments of wisdom of crowds as a source of knowledge
Information, technology, and innovation : resources for growth in a connected world
The future of crowdfunding : how to utilize the phenomenon
Crowdsourcing in the social media era: A case study of industrial marketers
Crowdfunding : high-impact strategies : what you need to know : definitions, adoptions, impact, benefits, maturity, vendors
People-driven, ICT-enabled innovation : crowdsourcing
Leading open innovation
The Greens of Finland is a Finnish political party which is actively involved in social media in general, and on Facebook in particular. The objectives of this thesis were to assess Facebook as a communication tool for the Greens and to improve the party's social media strategy. The research was made during the period from February 2011 till January 2012. The research methods used were mainly qualitative – content analysis was made on all data. Furthermore, typology and quantification were used in the analysis conducted on Facebook discussions. The primary data come from discussions on Facebook during the government negotiations in spring 2011, when the Greens actively communicated on their Facebook page. Different comment types were created, based on the tone of discussion and the complexity of comments. The level of interactivity between people and the influence of communication means were also assessed. Discussion topics were not in the main focus of this research. The findings from Facebook were compared to the secondary data, interviews with the Greens' Communication Team on their experiences with Facebook as a communication tool and discussions of a web communication network based on the Green discussion forum regarding their own presence in the social media. Based on my findings and the relevant theory on social media and social media strategies, I have made developmental suggestions regarding the usage of Facebook vis-á-vis the Greens' social media strategy. The results indicate that the Greens' Communication Team knows the contents of their Facebook page quite well and that they use it in various ways. They benefit substantially from social media's two-way communicational nature, but they could be somewhat more interactive. The discussion on the Greens' Facebook page is equally analytical and critical; people tend to justify their opinions and not just express a feeling, for instance. Crowdsourcing – asking people to participate – creates the most discussion. As for social media strategy, volunteers' help could be exploited more efficiently, the discussion online could be directed to a certain forum and different forums could be made more open to the public.
Embracing open innovation to acquire external ideas and technologies and to transfer internal ideas and technologies outside
Participatory, community and spontaneous archives and digitally born cultural heritage
Using social media for global security
Strategies in e-business : positioning and social networking in online markets
Crowdstorm : the future of innovation, ideas, and problem solving
Amateur subtitling in Finland : a grounded theory study
"The Golden Rule: whoever had the gold made the rules. No longer. Now anyone with an idea can start a company. Anyone with a free couch can operate a hotel. Anyone with a car can be a taxi. Crowdsourcing has rewritten the economics of capitalism, and the repercussions are profound"--Back cover.
The new heritage : a missing link between Finnish archaeology and contemporary society?
People's utility bicycle project
The sharing economy : the end of employment and the rise of crowd-based capitalism
Crowdsourcing : why the power of the crowd is driving the future of business
Utilising crowdsourcing in a single product development project
The Greens of Finland in social media : Facebook as a communication forum
Crowdsourcing as a tool to strengthen the customer brand relationship : the case of Olivia-magazine
Investigating aggregation and diversity for wisdom of crowds approach
In this volume, the authors apply insights from a variety of perspectives to explore the alignment among strategy, organization design, process and human resource management, and e-business practices on developing successful social networking programs with particular regard to applying such initiatives against the backdrop of the global financial crisis and challenges to traditional business models. Showcasing in-depth case studies, the authors present emerging approaches to analyze the impact of investment in social networking sites, aligning internal resources, and measuring effects on positioning, branding, and new business creation. The fact that a growing proportion of the world population has a relationship with social networking sites could prove very valuable for companies. The question is whether this represents a business opportunity, whether companies know how to make the most of it and if they will make the necessary efforts to adapt to these new platforms. In the modern world, social networking sites have enormous potential for large as well as small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs); most companies are aware of the need for a presence on social networking sites, but at present their e-business strategies are part of their medium and long-term strategic planning and only a small percentage have been put into practice. In short, this book attempts to answer the following questions: Is there a business opportunity for companies on social networking sites? Do they know how to make the most of it? Are they willing to make the necessary effort to adapt? Can e-business strategies contribute to company creation and the success of already existing businesses? And if so, how?
Situated crowdsourcing : feasibility, performance and behaviours
The role of collective intelligence in crowdsourcing innovations
The Greens of Finland in social media: Facebook as a communication forum
The crowdfunding revolution : how to raise venture capital using social media
Bit Bang IV : future of internet : societal, business, governance and technological aspects
Short stories about tiny tasks : microtasks, crowdsourcing and gamification
The crowdsourcing handbook : the how to on crowdsourcing, complete expert's hints and tips guide by the leading experts, everything you need to know about crowdsourcing /.
Open innovation community for cross-disciplinary research collaboration : scenarios for the Biomimetic Design Lab (BiDL) at Tongji University
Social media in wood products marketing and collecting of end user driven product development ideas
Crowdsourcing : one step beyond
Crowd funding : how to raise money with the online crowd
The JOBS Act : crowdfunding for small businesses and startups
Open tourism : open innovation, crowdsourcing and collaborative consumption challenging the tourism industry
A guide to open innovation and crowdsourcing : expert tips and advice
Crowdsourcing for democracy : a new era in policy-making
Mapping wilderness : concepts, techniques and applications
Generic crowdsourcing model for holistic innovation management
Social media for citizen participation : report on the Somus project
Crowdsourcing for dummies
Digital collaborations and entrepreneurship : the role of shareconomy and crowdsourcing in the era of smart city
The crowdfunding bible : how to raise money for any startup, video game, or project
Motivation of Crowds' Online Participation in Crowdsourcing Community : A case of XIAOMI MIUI
Crowdsourcing translation
The business model navigator : 55 models that will revolutionise your business
Art in the making : artists and their materials from the studio to crowdsourcing
Crowdfund your startup! : Raising venture capital using new crowdfunding techniques
Crowdfunding for filmmakers : the way to a successful film campaign
Crowdfunding and its utilization for startup finance in Finland : factors of a successful campaign
Crowdsourcing our cultural heritage
Drupal platform development - A case study of Co-Creation
The term "smart city" defines the new urban environment, one that is designed for performance through information and communication technologies. Given that the majority of people across the world will live in urban environments within the next few decades, it's not surprising that massive effort and investment is being placed into efforts to develop strategies and plans for achieving "smart" urban growth. Building Smart Cities: Analytics, ICT, and Design Thinking explains the technology and a methodology known as design thinking for building smart cities. Information and communications technologies form the backbone of smart cities. A comprehensive and robust data analytics program enables the right choices to be made in building these cities. Design thinking helps to create smart cities that are both livable and able to evolve. This book examines all of these components in the context of smart city development and shows how to use them in an integrated manner.
The Everything Guide to crowdfunding : learn how to use social media for small-business funding
Crowdsourcing : how the power of the crowd is driving the future of business
The participatory cultures handbook
Open innovation : a multifaceted perspective. Part II
Crowdsourcing : Uber, Airbnb, Kickstarter, and the distributed economy
Open innovation : a multifaceted perspective. Part I
Getting results from crowds : the definitive guide to using crowdsourcing to grow your business
