http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25537 dalits
dalits
Nine lives : in search of the sacred in modern India
Subalternity, exclusion, and social change in India
Contributed essays chiefly on the post 1947 scene.
Claiming power from below : Dalits and the subaltern question of India
The Dalit Christian : a history
Growing up untouchable in India : a Dalit autobiography
The dialectics of identity and resistance among Dalits in Nepal
India's silent revolution : the rise of the lower castes in North India
A cry for dignity : religion, violence and the struggle of Dalit women in India
Dalit theology and Christian anarchism
State and politics in India
Untouchability in rural India
The gender of caste : reprasenting Dalits in print
Dalit politics in contemporary India
Dalits of Nepal : issues and challenges
"Caste and gender are forms of social difference that typically have been addressed in isolation from each other: a presumptive maleness is present in most studies of Dalits, and a presumptive upper-casteness is present in many feminist studies of colonial India. The Gender of Caste enters new territory in its exploration of the gender of caste through representations of Dalits in print media in colonial north India. Among its subjects are images of Dalit women as victims and vamps, the construction of Dalit masculinities, religious conversion as an alternative to entrapment in the Hindu caste system, and the plight of indentured servants. An array of textual and pictorial material pertaining to Dalits is drawn from reformist, popular, and didactic literature; police reports; missionary records; and cartoons. The book shows how differentials of gender were critical in structuring patterns of domination and subordination. Through a gendered Dalit perspective, it historicizes axes of gender, caste, class, and community identities. Representations in print are used as a critical tool to examine depictions of Dalits by colonizers, nationalists, reformers, and Dalits themselves"--Provided by publisher.
Hindu India : another approach to its multiflorous religious culture ; collected essays
The Dalit movement in India : local practices, global connections
The untouchables of India
Charvaka Darshan : ancient Indian Dalit philosophy
Dalit : the black untouchables of India
India : another millennium?
Down trodden : the struggle of India's Dalits for identity, solidarity and liberation
Women's Buddhism, Buddhism's women : tradition, revision, renewal
On democratic and just society; essays on challenges before India in the twenty-first century.
An introduction to changing India : culture, politics and development
After conversion : cultural histories of modern India
Christians of India
Frontiers of Dalit theology
God, Christ & God's People in Asia : [As seen by the participants of the Consultation on the Theme 'Through a New Vision of God Towards the New Humanity in Christ' Kyoto, 1994]
Dalit theology and Dalit liberation : problems, paradigms and possibilities
Language in South Asia
Reconsidering untouchability : Chamars and Dalit history in North India
Caste, colonialism and counter-modernity : notes on a postcolonial hermeneutics of caste
This book is a ground-breaking intervention on Dalit politics in India. Challenging received ideas, it uses a comparative framework to understand Dalit mobilisations for political power, social equality and justice. The monograph traces the emergence of Dalit consciousness and its different strands in north and south India - from colonial to contemporary times - and interrogates key notions and events. These include: the debate regarding core themes such as the Hindu-Muslim cleavage in the north and caste in the south; the extent to which Dalits and other backward castes (OBC) base their anti-Brahminism on similar ideologies; and why Dalits in Uttar Pradesh (north India) succeeded in gaining power while they did not do so in the region of erstwhile Andhra Pradesh (south India), where Dalit consciousness is more evolved. Drawing on archival material, fieldwork and case studies, this volume puts forward an insightful and incisive analysis. It will be of great interest to researchers and scholars of Dalit studies and social exclusion, Indian politics and sociology.
