http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25508 beanies (headgear)
beanies (headgear)
Knitted Animal Hats. 35 wild and wonderful hats and more for babies, kids, and the young at heart
Knit one below
Crochet at Play : 30 Fun Hats, Scarves, Clothes and Toys for Kids to Enjoy
Knitting smitten : 20 fresh and funky hand-knit designs
100 little crochet gifts to make
Weekend hats : 25 knitted caps, berets, cloches, and more
Cute & easy crocheted cosies : 35 simply stylish projects to make and give
Knit hats now : more than 40 knitted hats from 21 top designers
Clever crocheted accessories
French girl knits : accessories
Mommy & me crocheted hats
Accessorize : scarves, hats, ponchos, socks & mittens
Knitting in the Nordic tradition
Vintage knit hats : 21 patterns for timeless fashions
Animal hats : 25 fun projects to knit, crochet or make from fleece
Knitted beanies
100 hats to knit & crochet
Period costume for stage & screen : patterns for outer garments. Book 2, Dominos, dolmans, coats, pelisses, spencers, callashes, hoods and bonnets
Adorable animal knits for little people : 20 super-gute, animal-themed hat, mitten and bootee sets to knit
Easy-to-knit hats for the whole family : 20 colorful designs
Knits for hats, gloves & scarves : 20 original designs for everyone
The knit hat book : 25 hats from basic shapes
Caps in felt, knitting and crochet
Vogue Knitting : the ultimate hat book : history, technique, design
Clever crocheted accessories : 25 quick weekend projects
Cats in hats : 30 great patterns to knit and crochet
Animal Hats : 15 Knitted Projects to Keep You Warm and Toasty
November knits : inspired designs for changing seasons
"Knit dream sweaters and accessories to take you from fall into winter--November Knits will offer cozy, stylish projects from a variety of fresh, popular designers"--
Baby knits from around the world : 20 heirloom projects in a variety of styles and techniques
60 quick knits : 20 hats, 20 scarves, 20 mittens in cascade 220
Fantastical hats & beanies
Tunisian cables to crochet : learn to crochet Tunisian cables that look handknit!
Hat heads : 1 man + 2 knitting needles = 50 fun hat designs
More than a dozen hats & beanies : Hats to knit for those you love
"Fall is an ever-popular season for knitters, and with November Knits you can knit warm and stylish garments and accessories to make the season a little cozier. Popular knit designers and authors Courtney Kelley and Kate Gagnon Osborn join forces with all-star contributors, including Melissa LaBarre, Cirilia Rose, Cecily Glowik McDonald, Kristen TenDyke, and many more. Capture the essence of fall with 20 projects that range from casual cardigans and scarves to sweet, stylish wraps and sweaters. The book is divided into three moods: Farm Hands is the most casual design section, filled with rustic and durable garments to shield you through afternoons in a brisk wind. Ivy League features sophisticated and smart knitwear, featuring bolder colors and classic styling. Down Home is ideal for holidays and special occasions, bringing warmth and comfort to slightly dressier garments. These patterns feature elegant knitted lace, layered and worked for warmth. With knitted garments and accessories by expert designers, November Knits is a must-have resource. "--
Too Cute Crochet for Babies & Toddlers : A Whimsical Collection of Hats, Scarves, Mittens & Booties
Caps & hats
Fun hats : Delightful and amusing hats to knit, wear and love
45 fine & fanciful hats to knit : berets, toques, cones, stars, pentagons, and more
