http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2551 power (societal objects)
power (societal objects)
Trusted criminals : white collar crime in contemporary society
Globalising resistance against war? : a critical analysis of a theoretical debate in the context of the British anti-war movement
Networks of power : organizational actors at the national, corporate, and community level
Internet wars : the struggle for power in the 21st century
Banff, Jasper and Glacier : national parks
The descriptive analysis of power
Abstract in english.
Power and teacherhood : student teachers's perceptions of teachers' power and authority
Deontic rights in interaction : a conversation analytic study on authority and cooperation
Popularizing the Finnish sauna : the case of the American hospitality industry
The fountainhead
Michel Foucault on bio-power and biopolitics
Power : the natural history of its growth
Different student-strategies for interactional power in the IRF pattern in an EFL classroom
Concerning the grounds of modern economic society and political economy : an analysis of the writings of Say, Saint-Simon, and Sismondi, using the works of Michel Foucault
Bonehunters : a tale of the Malazan book of the fallen
Steelheart
The will to power : selections from the notebooks of the 1880s
Emperor's daughter Mercedes is the first woman ever admitted to the High Ground, the elite training academy of the Solar League's Star Command, and she must graduate if she is to have any hope of taking the throne. Her classmate Tracy has more modest goals - to rise to the rank of captain, and win fame and honor. But a civil war is coming and the political machinations of those who yearn for power threatens the young cadets. In a time of intrigue and alien invasion, they will be tested as they never thought possible.
American graffiti
Feet of clay : a Discword novel
Liberty against power : essays by Roy A. Childs, jr
Power, theory and value
USA's classic trips
When Kirit Densira left her home tower for the skies, she gave up many things: her beloved family, her known way of life, her dreams of flying as a trader for her tower, her dreams. Kirit set her City upside down, and fomented a massive rebellion at the Spire, to the good of the towers--but months later, everything has fallen to pieces. With the Towers in disarray, without a governing body or any defense against the dangers lurking in the clouds, daily life is full of terror and strife. Nat, Kirit's wing-brother, sets out to be a hero in his own way--sitting on the new Council to cast votes protecting Tower-born, and exploring lower tiers to find more materials to repair the struggling City.
Sovereignty : power beyond politics
On free choice of the will
Finnish Independence Day in the United States
Disaster capitalism : making a killing out of catastrophe
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
Power and civil society : toward a dynamic theory of real socialism
California
Juhlapuhe Delawaren yliopiston stadionilla FinnFest -juhlassa 9.7.1988 = Main address at the FinnFest celebration held on 9 July 1988 at the campus of the University of Delaware
The 50th law
Power and society : a framework for political inquiry
NFT : Not for Tourists guide to Brooklyn 2016
The wheel of Osheim
Big agenda : President Trump's Plan to Save America
The third dimension of power : the power which makes, shapes and renews our practices
Power, Voting, and Voting Power: 30 Years After
Wild : from lost to found on the Pacific Crest Trail
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
Society and power : foreword by Charles H. Page
Mongering North Korean Democracy for Inter-Korean Peace : democratization in North Korea and Inter-Korean Peace
Comparative corporate governance : shareholders as a rule-maker
Into the guns
Red notice : how I became Putin's no. 1. enemy
American record guide
How do you kill a Saint? Falcio, Kest, and Brasti are about to find out, because someone has figured out a way to do it and they've started with a friend. The Dukes were already looking for ways out of their agreement to put Aline on the throne, but with the Saints turning up dead, rumours are spreading that the Gods themselves oppose her ascension. Now churches are looking to protect themselves by bringing back the military orders of religious soldiers, assassins, and (especially) Inquisitors - a move that could turn the country into a theocracy. The only way Falcio can put a stop to it is by finding the murderer. He has only one clue: a terrifying iron mask which makes the Saints vulnerable by driving them mad. But even if he can find the killer, he'll still have to face him in battle. And that may be a duel that no swordsman, no matter how skilled, can hope to win
In the eyes of the innocent : students on organizational power
The mirror empire
Dust of dreams
The other at the workplace : power and language in a multicultural workplace
Management & organisational behaviour
The modern state subverted : risk and the deconstruction of solidarity
Perceptions of empowerment and power in community development programs : case study of Tanganyika Christian Refugee Service
Power and money : a Marxist theory of bureaucracy
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
Case studies in social power
Classic country : legends of country music
U.S. immigration policy from 1965 to present
Who's Got the Power? : Young Children's Power and Agency in the Child-Parent Relationship
Men's explanations for intimate partner violence : how intimately violent men explain their violence, and how the explanations and their changes are related to treatment outcome in the Jyväskylä Model treatment group for intimately violent men
The birth of biopolitics : lectures at the Collège de France, 1978-1979
Paths to empowerment
Power and culture
Studies in social power
Berlusconi's Shadow : Crime, Justice and the Pursuit of Power
Someone, no one : an essay on individuality
The power paradox : how we gain and lose influence
Authority
Globalizing resistance against war? : a critical analysis of the theoretical debate through a case study of the "new" anti-war movement in Britain
A study of power
The Corporation : the Pathological Pursuit of Profit and Power
History and cultural theory
Ink and bone
Reaper's gale
L'Europe et la puissance = Europe and power
The art of seduction
Power and politics in poststructuralist thought : new theories of the political
Linguistic survival strategies in Geoffrey Chaucer's Clerk's tale, William Shakespeare's Othello and Elizabeth Cary's The tragedy of Mariam
Ignite the shadows
Frameworks of power
The machinery
Cloudbound
Abstract: The paradoxes of power in South Africas's political transition.
Toll the hounds
The political philosophy of Michel Foucault
The theory of power and organization
Power in contemporary politics : theories, practices, globalizations
Leviathan, or, The matter, forme, & power of a commonwealth ecclesiasticall and civill
Delaware 350 : some observations
The concentration of economic power
How kings are made - how kingship changes : a study of rituals and ritual change in pre-colonial and colonial Owamboland, Namibia
Theories of the state : the politics of liberal democracy
A short history of power
Language and power in the office
The lathe of heaven
The balance of power in society and other essays
The adverse effects of domestic violence on psychosocial well-being
Second treatise of government : (an essay concerning the true original, extent and end of civil government) and a letter concerning toleration
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
The agony of power
The Will to Power contains some of Nietzsche's most fascinating and combative writings on nihilism, metaphysics and the future of Europe. Assembled by Nietzsche's sister after his death, The Will to Power is a collection of the philosopher's reflections and theories taken from his unpublished notebooks. Covering topics such as nihilism, Christianity, morality and the famous 'will to power', the book was controversially presented as Nietzsche's all-but-completed magnum opus containing his philosophical system. Including some of his most interesting metaphysical and epistemological thoughts, as well as some of his most disturbing ethical and political comments, the book would prove to have a significant influence on Nietzsche's contentious reception in the twentieth century.
USA on the road
The Maestro myth : Great conductors in pursuit of power
Theory and practice of the balance of power 1486-1914 : selected European writings
On liberty
The language dance around plastic bags
The power dance in research interview. Manifesting power and powerless
Power, dominance and the invisible practice of privilege : saving the other in the world of aid. The self-actualization of a development worker in Laos
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Political undercurrents of the Ukraine conflict : the reshaping of power relationships in Europe
Power through discourse
Once broken faith
Power, persistence and change : a second study of Banbury
Journal of linguistic anthropology
Crowds and power
Managing conflict after civil war : the power-sharing and power-dividing approaches
Phantom self : (And how to find the real one)
The second duchess
Social movements and Bourdieu : class, embodiment and the politics of identity
Animal farm and 1984
"This is a concise, paradigm-shifting account of the power dynamics that shape everyday life - from the board room to the dinner table, the playground to the bedroom. The Machiavellian view of power as a coercive force is one of the deepest currents in our culture, yet new psychological research reveals this vision to be dead wrong. Influence is gained instead through social intelligence and empathy - but ironically the seductions of power make us lose the very qualities that made us powerful in the first place. By drawing on fascinating case studies that debunk long standing myths, Dacher Keltner illuminates this 'power paradox', revealing how it shapes not just boardrooms and elections but everyday relationships, and affects whether or not we will have an affair, break the law or find our purpose in life."--Publisher's description.
The high ground
The abuse of power : an investigation of three factors in its development
An assessment of power abuse under ethics philosophies
In the new world of The Takeover nothing and no one will be safe. Marci must choose: love or vengeance.  One night she secretly follows her lover to a club. To her horror she discovers those closest to her, mingling freely with parasitic creatures which have secretly possessed human minds. A bloody ambush follows, leaving Marci a shadow of her former self.  Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious attacks. Ignite, the only resistance group, is disintegrating. As the world catches fire, Marci struggles to control the buzzing spectres in her own head.  Her hardest battle is between the forces of good and evil within herself. For Marci must fight. She was meant to burn.
On May Day, 2018, sixty meteors entered Earth’s atmosphere and exploded around the globe with a force greater than a nuclear blast. Earthquakes and tsunamis followed. Then China attacked Europe, Asia, and the United States in the belief the disaster was an act of war. Washington D.C. was a casualty of the meteor onslaught that decimated the nation’s leadership and left the surviving elements of the armed forces to try and restore order as American society fell apart. As refugees across America band together and engage in open warfare with the military over scarce resources, a select group of individuals representing the surviving corporate structure make a power play to rebuild the country in a free market image as The New Confederacy.
Power in the senate
The constitution of power : a theoretical analysis of power, knowledge ans structure
Lonely Planet Pacific Coast highways road trips
This Discussion Paper is based on a conceptual and analytical reading of cases of unconstitutional change of government in Africa. It provides a deep and up-to-date exploration of the prospects for democratic consolidation on the continent against the backdrop of an upsurge in unconstitutional changes of government. Rather than focus only on the internal threats to democracy in Africa, the author also analyses the role of neighbouring states, regional organisations and hegemonic forces within the international community in advancing or limiting democracy. In this regard, this work sheds light on why the pursuit of the liberal democratic project in Africa has so far appeared to alienate ordinary people, while providing space for dominant elites to tamper with democratic institutions and processes, which then work against popular participation and democratic development. This paper is essential reading for scholars, policy practitioners, analysts and all those with an interest in the prospects for democracy in Africa.
Beginnings of learning
Eclipse the flame
Early Neo-Assyrian state ideology : relations of power in the inscriptions and iconography of Ashurnasirpal II (883-859) and Shalmaneser III (858-824)
Power, voting, and voting power
Britain. At the beginning of the 21st century. A Labour government on its last legs: divided, demoralised, staring into the abyss. Is Raphael Sinclair the saviour? He looks the part. He speaks well. A former minister who resigned on a matter of principle. He was right about the wars. He was right about the credit crunch. But it’s the company he keeps – a group of young left-wing radicals who’ll stop at nothing to hoist themselves into power. Who’s using whom? Sinclair is flattered by them. And he’s infatuated with one of them in particular. In the end it's a race against the clock. Can Sinclair win power before the whole edifice falls to the ground? Will his technicolour private life on such public display spoil his chances? Just how tolerant has Britain become in the era of ‘marriage for all’? Will the growing economic storm and the threat of violence hanging over his campaign derail his Insurgency? The twists and turns keep coming until the very last pages. In this his first novel, Julian Priestley, a former Secretary General of the European Parliament, who has spent a life-time in the political world, brings that experience to bear.
The shift omnibus
Reconceptualising democratic local governance in the Niger Delta
Abstract: Order or autonomy? The concept of power in the Finnish constitutional debate of 1918.
Women in the public life in late medieval England : a study through contemporary sources in the 1400s
A discourse of threat? : a textual analysis of the U.S. report "Commission for Assistance to a Free Cuba"
As the Wanteds, Unwanteds, and Necessaries struggle to adjust to changes in their society, Mr. Today begins training fourteen-year-old Alex to replace him as Artime's leader one day while Alex's disgraced twin, Aaron, connives to take over Quill.
Religion : the basics
Context and understanding : an inquiry into socialization theory
Social Representations of Violence Against Women in Algeria
Rights based approaches to development in Ethiopia : theory, application and power dynamics
Power and political theory : some European perspectives
Community and power
Finnish ethnicity in the state of Virginia
Power, rule and domination : a critical and empirical understanding of power in sociological theory and organizational life
Leviathan
Defeat the enemy. Win the boy. Live happily ever after. But life "ever after" isn't as easy as it used to be. Harper's gone from being a member of a small demon lair to co-Prime of one of the most powerful lairs in the US with a mate who, though hot as hell, is just a mite overprotective - I mean, you get kidnapped by dark practitioners just once...  Then one of Knox's demons goes rogue, and in his madness decides Knox Thorne must die. Harper's worried. Knox isn't - at least until he discovers his mate's willingness to get between him and danger.  Now, Knox has a new priority: Keep Harper safe ...no matter what it takes. But Harper begins to suspect there's more danger than one rogue demon. It seems the combined strength of Harper and Knox has upset the balance of power in the demon world and there are those who are determined to right that wrong. Because when you move up the food chain, sometimes the other predators just want to take a bigger bite.
Power : a new social analysis
Political power and social change
Putsch : principle, ambition, compromise, intrigue, threats, sex. Well, that's politics
Prince of fools
Trade-offs, rights and responsibilities in the business of microcredit : a case study from South Africa
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
Leverage : how cheap money will destroy the world
Signed, sealed, and delivered : the soulful journey of Stevie Wonder
Island of silence
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
The panopticon of music education : hierarchy, surveillance, and control
Race, ethnicity and power : a comparative study
Wild : from lost to found on the Pacific crest trail
Women and power : fighting patriarchies and poverty
Summary in Russian.
Fragile democracy : the use and abuse of power in Western societies
This Discussion Paper critically examines local governance in the Niger Delta and its relevance to the search for inclusive and sustainable conflict-resolution in the oil-rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria. It critiques the existing local government system and explores the possibility of reconceptualising local governance along more inclusive, accountable and participatory lines that would institutionalise democracy, development and peace at the grassroots or community level in the troubled oil-rich region. Its originality lies in its departure from top-down perspectives, and its refocusing of attention on the oft-neglected local sites of conflict and under development. The paper will appeal to scholars, policy actors and development planners with a particular interest in developments at the African grassroots level.
United States hegemony and the structural power of finance
Politics in plural societies : a theory of democratic instability
Power in sociology : an analytic model
A plague of swords
Change your name and disappear : a terrifying true tale of survival
Governing indigeneity globally : indigenous peoples in the United Nations
"Right of death and power over life" : an analysis of Michel Foucault's conceptions of power and violence
The prince
Political power : a reader in theory and research
Politics have never been Toby Daye's strong suit. When she traveled to the Kingdom of Silences to prevent them from going to war with her home, the Kingdom of the Mists, she wasn't expecting to return with a cure for elf-shot and a whole new set of political headaches. Now the events she unwittingly set in motion could change the balance of modern Faerie forever, and she has been ordered to appear before a historic convocation of monarchs, hosted by Queen Windermere in the Mists and overseen by the High King and Queen themselves. Naturally, things have barely gotten underway when the first dead body shows up. As the only changeling in attendance, Toby is already the target of suspicion and hostility. Now she needs to find a killer before they can strike again - and with the doors locked to keep the guilty from escaping, no one is safe. As danger draws ever closer to her allies and the people she loves best, Toby will have to race against time to prevent the total political destabilization of the West Coast and to get the convocation back on track ...and if she fails, the cure for elf-shot may be buried forever, along with the victims she was too slow to save.
Power in organizations : proceedings of the First Annual Vanderbilt Sociology Conference, March 27-28 1969, Nashville, Tennessee
Power for God's sake : power and abuse in the local church
Difficult women
Breaking records : 100 years of hits
Published in 1937, twelve years before Orwell's 1984, Swastika Night projects a totally male-controlled fascist world that has eliminated women as we know them. Women are breeders, kept as cattle, while men in this post-Hitlerian world are embittered automatons, fearful of all feelings, having abolished all history, education, creativity, books, and art. The plot centers on a misfit who asks, “How could this have happened?”
Writing transit : refiguring national imaginaries in Chicana/o narratives
Monsters of men
The United Nations child policy : international games of morality and power
Power : its forms, bases, and uses
Peter V. Brett writes in the grand tradition of George R.R. Martin, Terry Brooks, David Eddings, and Robert Jordan. This novel continues his critically acclaimed 'Demon Cycle', which last left off in 'The Daylight War'.
Police power : police abuses in New York city
Drama power on the rise? : US soft power may increase as a function of Washington dysfunction
In the name of Vivir Bien : indigeneity, state formation and politics in Evo Morales' Bolivia
Saint's blood
Discover USA's best national parks
Never love a highlander
Reflecting caring and power in early childhood education : recalling memories of educational practices
The indeterminacy of the human of biopower : competing problematics of human security / Suvi Alt.
Fever city : a thriller
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
Language, space and power : urban entanglements
The end of power : from boardrooms to battlefields and churches to states, why being in charge isn't what it used to be
Power and influence
Money and power in the Roman Republic
Identity and authority : explorations in the theory of society
Locational approaches to power and conflict
Memories of ice
We live in the midst of a revolution in communication technologies that affects the way in which people feel, think, and behave. The media have become the space where power strategies are played out. In the current technological context mass communication goes beyond traditional media and includes the Internet and mobile communication. In this wide-ranging and powerful book, Manuel Castells analyses the transformation of the global media industry by this revolution in communication technologies. He argues that a new communication system, mass self-communication, has emerged, and power relationships have been profoundly modified by the emergence of this new communication environment. Created in the commons of the Internet this communication can be locally based, but globally connected. It is built through messaging, social networks sites, and blogging, and is now being used by the millions around the world who have access to the Internet.Drawing on a wide range of social and psychological theories, Castells presents original research on political processes and social movements, including the misinformation of the American public on the Iraq War, the global environmental movement to prevent climate change, the control of information in China and Russia, and Internet-based political campaigns, such as the Obama campaign in the United States. On the basis of these case studies he proposes a new theory of power in the information age based on the management of communication networks Justly celebrated for his analysis of the network society, Castells here builds on that work, offering a well grounded and immensely challenging picture of communication and power in the 21st century. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand the dynamics and character of the modern world.
Power or authority? : the entelechy of power
Is privatization of education beneficial for Morocco? : evaluation of Morocco's privatization policy on the basis of a cross-sectional study of quality of education in public and private schools in Casablanca
The skull throne
From 'afflicted' to activists : structural violence and climate change discourse in the states of Pernambuco and Paraiba in northeast Brazil
Communication power
Governance and democracy : comparing national, European and international experiences
Winter is coming : why Vladimir Putin and the enemies of the free world must be stopped
First among equals
Media, monarchy and power
Power paradigms in the social sciences
The first ladies
The nominalist turn in theorizing power : editor's introduction
For the first time, this new collection brings together country specialists, researchers on the European Union, and leading international relations scholars to tackle a crucial question: how compatible are today's new patterns of 'policy networks' and 'multi-level' governance with democratic standards? This important question is attracting attention both in political science and in political practices. In political science, the question is mainly dealt with in separated sub-disciplines, which focus on different levels of politics. So far, no serious exchange has actually taken place between authors working on these different levels. The editors of this book - both specialists of network and multi-level governance - show that although the issue is raised differently in the institutional settings of the national state, the European Union, or transnational governance, excellent insights can be gained by comparison across these settings. This major new contribution includes cutting edge work from junior scholars alongside chapters by leading specialists of governance such as Guy Peters, Jon Pierre, Philippe C. Schmitter and Thomas Risse. It also contains a collection of new case studies, theoretical conceptualisations and normative proposals for solutions dealing with the issue of democratic deficits, which all give the reader a better understanding of the most crucial problems and perspectives of democracy in different patterns of "governance" beyond conventional 'government' approaches. This is a valuable book for policy analysts, students of the European Union and international relations, and all students in social and political science.
The ideology of power and the power of ideology
The power structure : political process in American society
Sixteen-year-old Marci Guerrero is one of the best teen hackers in Seattle. However, she'd give up all her talents to know she isn't crazy. Marci feels possessed by shadowy spectres that take control of her body and make her do crazy things. While spying on the clandestine group known as IgNiTe, she is confronted by their mysterious leader, James McCray. His presence stirs the spectres inside her brain into a maddening frenzy. Her symptoms and ability to control them don't go unnoticed by James, who soon recruits her. As IgNiTe reveals its secrets, Marci starts to realise that half the world's population is infected with sentient parasites, which are attacking and eventually supplanting the human brain. Now Marci wishes she was crazy, because this truth is far worse.
The Gropes
Pathways of power : building an anthropology of the modern world
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
Unconstitutional changes of government in Africa : what implications for democratic consolidation?
Power and women in the Neo-Assyrian palaces
