http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2559 Middle Ages
Middle Ages
Boredom and the religious imagination
Charms, prayers, amulets : verbal magic and daily life in medieval and early modern Bulgaria
Science in History. Volume 1, Emergence of Science
Dracula's wars : Vlad the Impaler and his rivals
Compositiones variae : a late 8th century artists' technical treatise
Protection, continuity and gender : craft trade culture in the Baltic Sea region (14th-16th centuries)
The decameron
Take a thousand eggs or more : a translation of medieval recipes from Harleian MS. 279, Harleian MS. 4016, and extracts of Ashmole MS. 1439, Laud MS. 553, and Douce MS. 55, with nearly 100 recipes adapted for modern cookery. Vol. 2
Bilingual Europe presents to the reader a Europe that for a long time was 'multilingual': besides the vernacular languages Latin played an important role. Even 'nationalistic' treatises could be written in Latin. Until deep into the 18th century scientific works were written in it. It is still an official language of the Roman Catholic Church. But why did authors choose for Latin or for their native tongue. In the case of bilingual authors, what made them choose either language, and what implications did that have? What interactions existed between the two? Contributors include Jan Bloemendal, Wiep van Bunge, H. Floris Cohen, Arjan C. van Dixhoorn, Guillaume van Gemert, Joep T. Leerssen, Ingrid Rowland, Arie Schippers, Eva Del Soldato, Demmy Verbeke, Fran©ʹoise Waquet, and Ari H. Wesseling.
Medicine & society in later medieval England
On faith and reason
The buried giant
Past and Present in Medieval Chronicles
Narrative transformations of heroic, autobiographical poetry in the medieval north
The contemporary evidence for early medieval witchcraft-beliefs
Castle waiting. volume II
The matter of art : materials, practices, cultural logics, c. 1250-1750
The Cambridge medieval history. Vol. 2, The rise of the Saracens and the foundation of the Western Empire
The dragon at noonday : being the second book in a sequence entitled The brothers of Gwynedd
The complete works
The lords of battle : image and reality of the Comitatus in dark-age Britain
Medieval Britain in 100 facts
A possible source for a medieval Icelandic astronomical manuscript on the basis of pictorial evidence
Greedy murderers of Christ : images of the Jews in the Late Medieval pilgrimage accounts
The boundaries of charity : Cistercian culture and ecclesiastical reform, 1098-1180
Monks, clerks, and King Arthur: reading Geoffrey of Monmouth in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries
A feast of ice and fire : the official companion cookbook
Ancient Voices in Modern Times : Eternal Light - Oulu Early Music Festival Concert
On the case of Vambarljóð II : register and mode from skaldic verse to sagnakvæði
Medieval worlds : barbarians, heretics and artists in the Middle Ages
The Gothic enterprise : a guide to understanding the Medieval cathedral
Saint Peter's Fair : the fourth chronicle of Brother Cadfael
The Cambridge medieval history. Vol. 6, Victory of the papacy
The Cambridge medieval history. Vol. 8, The close of the Middle Ages
Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Dementia-related Structural Brain Changes on MRI: : A 30-year follow-up study
Every inch a king : comparative studies on kings and kingship in the ancient and medieval worlds
The Christianisation of Latin metre : a study of Bede's De arte metrica
The anatomy of popular rebellion in the Middle Ages
The craft of fiction : essays in medieval poetics
The mind of the Middle Ages a. D. 200-1500 : an historical survey
Visual vocabulary, visual strategy
Secrets of the Middle Ages
Prophecy and eschatology
Time and chance
The leper of Saint Giles : the fifth chronicle of Brother Cadfael
Karen Green and Constant J. Mews, eds., Virtue Ethics for Women 1250 1500.
Literature as recreation in the later Middle Ages
Septentrionalia : bridging the digital transition for medieval studies
The medieval tournament
Sigvatr Þórðarson's Vestrfaravísu and Cnut the Great's conquest of Norway in 1028
With its striking range and penetrating depth, Brill's Encyclopaedia of the Neo-Latin World traces the enduring history and broad cultural influence of Neo-Latin, the form of Latin that originated in the Italian Renaissance and persists to the modern era. Featuring original contributions by a host of distinguished international scholars, this two-volume work explores every aspect of the civilized world from literature and law to philosophy and the sciences. An invaluable resource for both the advanced scholar and the graduate student.
Saint Joan of Arc : born January 6th 1412, burned as a heretic May 30th 1431, canonized as a saint May 16th 1920
The Pimlico encyclopedia of the Middle Ages
Women in the public life in late medieval England : a study through contemporary sources in the 1400s
An archaeology of the early Anglo-Saxon kingdoms
Painted in blood
Oswald de Lacy is growing up fast in his new position as Lord of Somershill Manor. The Black Death changed many things, and just as it took away his father and elder brothers, leaving Oswald to be recalled from the monastery where he expected to spend his life, so it has taken many of his villagers and servants. However, there is still the same amount of work to be done in the farms and fields, and the few people left to do it think they should be paid more -- something the King himself has forbidden. Just as anger begins to spread, the story of the Butcher Bird takes flight. People claim to have witnessed a huge creature in the skies. A new-born baby is found impaled on a thorn bush. And then more children disappear. Convinced the bird is just a superstitious rumour, Oswald must discover what is really happening. From the plague-ruined villages of Kent to the thief-infested streets of London and the luxurious bedchamber of a bewitching lady, Oswald's journey is full of danger, dark intrigue and shocking revelations.
Merlin : once and future wizard
Take a thousand eggs or more : a translation of medieval recipes from Harleian MS. 279, Harleian MS. 4016, and extracts of Ashmole MS. 1439, Laud MS. 553, and Douce MS. 55, with nearly 100 recipes adapted for modern cookery. Vol. 1
A grave concern : the twenty second chronicle of Matthew Bartholomew
In Saint George's name : an anthology of medieval German fighting arts
Norman knight : 950-1204ad
The Cambridge medieval history. Vol. 4, The Byzantine Empire. P. 2: Government, church and civilisation
Genghis Khan : the man who conquered the world
Saladin : the life, the legend and the Islamic empire
Forgotten story: Rome in the communal period
Speculum sermonis : interdisciplinary reflections on the medieval sermon
Trinity
Death comes as epiphany
Britain and Ireland 1050-1530 : economy and society
The prayer life of peasant communities in late medieval Sweden : a contrast of ideals and practices
Dubitando : studies in history and culture in honor of Donald Ostrowski
Jewish book art between Islam and Christianity : the decoration of Hebrew bibles in medieval Spain
Ferocious beast (óarga dýr) between north and east
The black dragon
This is a study of Ireland's people, landscape and place in the world from late antiquity to the reign of Brian Bórama. It narrates the story of Ireland's emergence into history, using anthropological, archaeological, historical and literary evidence.
Medieval lives : eight charismatic men and women of the Middle Ages
The Penguin guide to Medieval Europe
Animals in an Urban Context. A Zooarchaeological study of the Medieval and Post-Medieval town of Turku
Life in the medieval cloister
Ancient Norwegian Design : Pictures from the University Museum of National Antiquities, Oslo
The Oxford history of western music
The Cambridge medieval history. Vol. 7, Decline of empire and papacy
The Cambridge medieval history : planned by J. B. Bury ; edited by H. M. Gwatkin, J. P. Whithey. Volume 2, The rise of the Saracens and the foundation of the western empire
Advocating, Converting, and Torturing: Images of Jews (and Muslimized Pagans) in the Kalanti Altarpiece
Pleyn delit : medieval cookery for modern cooks
Herbs and herbalism in the Middle Ages and Renaissance
Finding Arthur : the true origins of the once and future King
Le témoignage de la culture matérielle : mélanges offerts au professeur Vera Evison = The evidence of material culture : studies in honour of professer Vera Evison
Castle waiting. volume I
They call her "Amber the Untouched" throughout the Disputed Lands -- a chaste, golden-haired beauty who fears the remarkable love that was prophesied at her birth ... and the death that must inevitably follow. Now Duncan has come to her in darkness, as was foretold -- a wounded warrior with no memory, seared by passion's fire and irresistibly drawn to the innocent enchantress who divines truth with a touch. Their romance is legend in a time of war. But when Duncan's memory returns, he sees Amber as his enemy. Still, he cannot forsake the lover who healed his body and heart. And he will defy to the death the dread forces that have proclaimed their love.
The formation of Muscovy 1304-1613
The Oxford dictionary of the Middle Ages
The Cambridge medieval history. Vol. 1, The Christian Roman empire and the foundation of the Teutonic kingdoms
Arminius : the limits of empire
Ireland in the medieval world, AD400-1000 : landscape, kingship and religion
The Didascalicon of Hugh of St. Victor : a medieval guide to the arts
Codices medii aevi Finlandiae. 2, Codex Särkilahti : (Codex Aboensis Skokloster)
Early medieval
Economic and social history of medieval Europe
Birth of the kingdom
Jean Buridan's Logic : the treatise on supposition, the treatise on consequences
The leopards of Normandy.n[2] : Duke
The shorter Cambridge medieval history
Life during the Middle ages
Lexikon des Mittelalters & International encyclopaedia for the Middle Ages : LexMA
The Cambridge medieval history : planned by J. B. Bury ; edited by C. W. Previté-Orton, Z. N. Brooke. Volume 8, The close of the Middle Ages
Locality, nation and the  primitive  - notions about the identities of late medieval non-professional wall painters in Finnish historiography from 1880 to 1940
The leopards of Normandy. [1], Devil
Cultures of Death and Dying in Medieval and Early Modern Europe
La pratique musicale au Moyen Âge = Musical performance in the late Middle Ages
In the falcon's claw : a novel of the year 1000
Kormålningarna i Södra Råda gamla kyrka = The chancel paintings of the Old Church at Södra Råda
A bloody field by Shrewsbury
Oriental glass of Medieval date found in Sweden and the early history of lustre painting
The dream of reason : a history of philosophy from the greeks to the renaissance
Everyman
When Christ and his saints slept
The Cambridge illustrated history of the Middle Ages. 3, 1250-1520
Medieval & Renaissance interiors in illuminated manuscripts
Ideas and institutions in western civilization. Vol. 2, The medieval world : 300-1300
The medieval world view : an introduction
Bilingual Europe : Latin and vernacular cultures, examples of bilingualism and multilingualism c. 1300-1800
The amazing history of castles & knights
Categorizing otherness in the Kings' Sagas
The authentic self : essays in al-Fārābī and late ancient Greek philosophy
Understanding outlawry in medieval Iceland
On the case of Vambarljóð I : comments on formulaicity in the sagnakvæði
Penance of the damned
Avicenna on subjectivity : a philosophical study
Abstract.
The buried giant : a novel
Politics, poetry, and sufism in medieval Iran
Gesta regum Anglorum : The history of the English kings. Vol. 2, General introduction and commentary
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
The autumn throne
The Tudors : A Very Short Introduction
Historia renarrata : early Benedictine revisions of the First Crusade
The use of magic in transformations, weather and entrapments by Finnar, Bjarmar and other inhabitants of the north in the fornaldarsögur (ca. 1200-1400)
Old magic
The summer queen
Julie Kerr's vivid account provides insights into the thoughts and experiences of the medieval monk.This book will make an important contribution to our understanding of monastic life by exploring key aspects that have been either inadequately addressed or overlooked by historians. For example, what effect did the ascetic lifestyle have on the monks' physical health and mental well-being? How difficult was it for newcomers to adapt to the rigours of the cloister? Did the monks suffer from anxiety and boredom; what caused them concern and how did they seek comfort? What did it really mean to live the solitary life within a communal environment and how significant were issues of loneliness and isolation? Drawing on chronicles, letters, customaries and miracle stories, the experience of medieval monastic life will be presented through the monks' own words.
The construction of Anglo-Saxon legendary history
The winter crown
The Butcher Bird
A place beyond courage
The tradition of Icelandic sagnakvæði
Kairos : studies in art history and literature in honour of Professor Gunilla Akerstrom-Hougen
The Cambridge illustrated history of the Middle Ages. 2, 950-1250
The Cambridge medieval history : planned by J. B. Bury ; edited by J. R. Tanner, C. W. Previté-Orton, Z. N. Brooke. Volume 6, Victory of the papacy
What do we know about the Middle Ages?
Ethelred the Unready : papers from the Millenary Conference
The Cambridge medieval history. Vol. 4, The Eastern Roman Empire (717-1453)
Brill's encyclopaedia of the Neo-Latin world
One man's greatest victory. Rome's greatest defeat. A.D. 9: In the depths of the Teutoburg Wald, in a landscape riven by ravines, darkened by ancient oak and bisected by fast-flowing streams, Arminius of the Cherusci led a confederation of six Germanic tribes in the annihilation of three Roman legions. Deep in the forest almost twenty thousand men were massacred without mercy; fewer than two hundred of them ever made it back across the Rhine. To Rome's shame, three sacred Eagles were lost that day. But Arminius wasn't brought up in Germania Magna - he had been raised as a Roman. This is the story of how Arminius came to turn his back on the people who raised him and went on to commit a betrayal so great and so deep, it echoed through the ages.
In search of medieval disability : lectio praecursoria 16.2.2013
Usborne illustrated Canterbury tales
Into the fire
The Horizon book of the Middle Ages
The Cambridge medieval history. Vol. 1, The Christian Roman Empire and the foundation of the Teutonic Kingdoms
English society in the early Middle Ages : (1066-1307)
The Cambridge medieval history. Vol. 5, Contest of empire and papacy
The courtesan's jewel box : Chinese stories of the Xth - XVIIth centuries ; translated by Yang Xianyi and Gladys Yang
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Abstract: Greedy murderers of Christ : images of the Jews in the Late Medieval pilgrimage accounts.
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
Translating the medieval Icelandic romance-sagas
Poetic formulas in late medieval Icelandic folk poetry : : the case of  Vamb̂arljóð
The study of the Bible in the Middle Ages
The Cambridge medieval history : planned by J. B. Bury ; edited by J. R. Tanner, C. W. Previté-Orton, Z. N. Brooke. Volume 7, Decline of empire and papacy
Ratio and invention : a study of medieval lyric and narrative
The structure of medieval society
The archaeology of early medieval Poland : discoveries--hypotheses--interpretations
Medieval wooden sculpture in Sweden : Museum of national antiquities. Vol. 5, The museum collection : plates
Marriage litigation in medieval England
The Cambridge medieval history. Vol. 3, Germany and the Western Empire
Gesta regum Anglorum : The history of the English kings. Vol. 1
The Cambridge medieval history : planned by J. B. Bury ; edited by J. R. Tanner, C. W. Previté-Orton, Z. N. Brooke. Volume 5, Contest of empire and papacy
The Cambridge medieval history. Vol. 4, The Byzantine Empire. P. 1: Byzantium and its neighbours
Monk's hood : the third chronicle of Brother Cadfael
