http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25547 external activity
external activity
Sourcebook of European financial and commercial law
"Once again I gained so much" : understanding the value of business-to-business sales interactions from an individual viewpoint
Customer relationship management : concepts and technologies
Lean solutions : how companies and customers can create value and wealth together
The ROI of human capital : measuring the economic value of employee performance
When sharing becomes a liability : an intellectual capital approach to describing the dichotomy of knowledge protection versus sharing in intra - and interorganizational relationships
Dynamics and the life cycle of certificate program
The new age of innovation : driving created value through global networks
Employee benefits : a primer for human resource professionals
Encouragement and discouragement : essays on taxation and government expenditure
A human vision with higher education perspective : institutional evaluation of the humanistic polytechnic
Industry wage differentials in Finland : 1989
International human resource management
English summary.
A study of fringe benefits : analysis based on Finnish micro data
Graduate employment and entry into further education
International human resource management /.
Facilities Management Research in the Nordic Countries - Past, Present and Future / edited by Per Anker Jensen and Susanne Balslev Nielsen
Proceedings of the 11th EuroFM research symposium : 24-25 May 2012 in Copenhagen, Denmark
Finnish value-added : boon or bane to aid effectiveness?
Establishing a business in Sweden = Establishing a business in Denmark
Executive summary.
Sustainable Approaches in Construction and their influence on Building Value : The quantification of sustainble buildings value in Germany
Access to learning - focus on ageing Finnish nurses
Selling today : creating customer value
Co-operation and networking in Well Life Center (WLC) : benefits to the participating organizations
The effect of an MBA on the development of women's management competencies : a gender viewpoint
Doing business in Finland : taxation, accounting
Co-opetition
When sharing becomes a liability : an intellectual capital approach to describe the dichotomy of knowledge protection versus sharing in intra- and interorganizational relationships
Evaluation of the PhD-thesis "A study of fringe benefits - analysis based on Finnish micro data" : recension
Shopped : the shocking power of British supermarkets
Coopetitive advantage : how firms create and appropriate value by collaborating with their competitors
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Design process of AirLoop-pedal : experimenting with standard guitar pedals
Creating a company for customers : how to build and lead a market-driven organization
Establishing and doing business in Finland
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2005
Industry wage differentials in Finland, 1989
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
