http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25509 history culture
history culture
Vereinskultur und Zivilgesellschaft in Nordosteuropa : regionale Spezifik und europäische Zusammenhänge = Associational culture and civil society in North Eastern Europe : regional features and the European context
The Post-Cold War memory culture of the Civil War : old-new patterns and new approaches
Heritage has burgeoned over the past quarter of a century from a small elite preoccupation into a major popular crusade. Everything from Disneyland to the Holocaust Museum, from the Balkan wars to the Northern Irish troubles, from Elvis memorabilia to the Elgin Marbles bears the marks of the cult of heritage. In this acclaimed 1998 book David Lowenthal explains the rise of this obsession with the past and examines its power for both good and evil.
Russia, or, Miscellaneous observations on the past and present state of that country and its inhabitants : compiled from notes made on the spot during travels at different times, in the service of the Bible society and a residence of many years in that country
Rites of place : public commemoration in Russia and Eastern Europe
The Europeanization of cinema : interzones and imaginative communities
History and Hungarian studies at the University of Jyväskylä
Cartographies of copyright : crisis & propertization
Cuisine and culture : a history of food and people
Absent culture : the case of Polish Livonia
Kyoto : a cultural and literary history
History as therapy : alternative history and nationalist imaginings in Russia, 1991-2014
The arid lands : history, power, knowledge
Shifting images of "our wars" : Finnish memory culture of World War II
This book brings together life stories from five generations of Balts, living through the diverse and recurring transformations of the twentieth century: occupations, war, independence, totalitarianism, and democratic rule and market economy. The twentieth century history of the Baltic countries has often been deeply tragic. Lying on the coastline of the Baltic Sea, these rather small but strategically well located territories have historically found themselves in the middle of many power struggles between larger states, empires and other power-holders: the Teutonic Knights, Swedish kings, Tsarist Russia, Nazi Germany, the Soviet Union. Today, they are once again forced to stand up to the Russian Federation. Biographical interviewing is a field focused on individuals, and on how those individuals choose to re-create and present their lived lives, make meaning of it through the narratives they tell. To interpret the biographical narrations of Lithuanians, Latvians and Estonians, shaped by complex and controversial historical background, the authors use Pierre Bourdieu's concept of social and cultural capitals, the principles of Erving Goffman's framing analysis and Alessandro Portelli's distinction of private and public spheres, Anton Steen's investigations of post-Socialist elites and Piotr Sztompka's theory of cultural trauma, etc. Given analyses of particular biographical narrations are supplemented by brief historical and sociological overviews, which allow the reader to better understand the contexts of lived lives, and the mental atmosphere in which the interviews were conducted.
Marlene LeGates has written a thorough, lively and accessible overview of Western feminist movements from the Middle Ages through to the latter twentieth century. With each chapter containing a timeline and brief excerpts from primary source documents, the text serve as an ideal basis for a history of feminism or women's studies course, or as a supplementary text in a broader women's history or western civilization course. LeGates addresses such topics as sexual morality and the role of female visionaries in early Christian society, women's roles in utopian movements, revolutions in the early modern period, and suffrage and the second wave in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. The geographical scope of the book is also unique; it includes material on feminism from continental Europe, Great Britain, the United States, Canada and Latin America.
Romania : the great union
Breakfast : a history
Memory boxes : an experimental approach to cultural transfer in history, 1500-2000
Changing perceptions of 1918 : World War II and the post-war rise of the Left
Queens consort, cultural transfer and European politics, c. 1500-1800
The courage to hope : a challenge for churches in Africa
Unca Don and Unca Scrooge's guide to history : representation of the past in the Disney comics of Don Rosa
Through the ages. 1, Folklore as a common expression of lingual, figurative, emotional and mental memory
History at the crossroads : Australians and the past
The Baltic crusades and the culture of memory : studies on historical representation, rituals, and recollection of the past
Images as proof : photographic portrayal of catastrophes in Helsingin Sanomat, 1969-1979
"The Third Reich's legacy is in flux. For much of the post-war period, the Nazi era has been viewed moralistically as an exceptional period of history intrinsically different from all others. Since the turn of the millennium, however, this view has been challenged by a powerful wave of normalization. Gavriel D. Rosenfeld charts this important international trend by examining the shifting representation of the Nazi past in contemporary western intellectual and cultural life. Focusing on works of historical scholarship, popular novels, counterfactual histories, feature films, and Internet websites, he identifies notable changes in the depiction of the Second World War, the Holocaust, and the figure of Adolf Hitler himself. By exploring the origins of these works and assessing the controversies they have sparked in the United States and Europe, Hi Hitler! offers a fascinating and timely analysis of the shifting status of the Nazi past in western memory"--
Staging the past : themed environments in transcultural perspectives
Stories of national and transnational memory : renegotiating the Finnish conception of moral witness and national victimhood
An archaeology of philosophical anthropology : a reconstruction of the historical philosophical background of ethnography and consequences for nursing science
This paper traces the correlation between the functions of landscape, its dynamics under its human influences and the dominant images of its terrain. A great deal of attention is given to Vyborg Karelia - the part of the Karelian Isthmus ceded by Finland to the Soviet Union in 1940. The author considers the consequences on the landscape of population exchange and settlement after 1944, alterations in landscape due to increased recreation, forest protection, the abandonment of agricultural lands, bog drainage and open-cut mining. The conclusions reached concerning the landscape imagery of the region are based chiefly on an analysis of texts and pictures from between the 1950s and the 1980s, and the author's observations and research data. Predominantly examined is the perception of the residents of Leningrad (now St. Petersburg) as being the widest human cross-section vis-à-vis Vyborg Karelia at the period under examination. The radical changes in its imagery during the postwar period were wrought by: 1) great alterations in landscape functions and land use; 2) the loss of historical recollection of past landscapes in the present population; and 3) the strong ideologization of landscape perception during the Soviet period. An integral image, dominating up to now, embodies the principally "recreational model" of landscape development, one which is not completely adequate to the present state of the landscape. During the post-Soviet period, regional imagery becomes more complex and contradictory in regard to the increased transitional function of the Isthmus as a bridge between Russia and the European Union.
What is cultural history?
Cultures of Death and Dying in Medieval and Early Modern Europe
The people of the eye : deaf ethnicity and ancestry
Estonia gravitates towards Sweden : nordic identity and activist regionalism in world war I
Documentary, world history, and national power in the PRC : global rise in Chinese eyes
Research methods for memory studies
Abstract: Bottlenecks in Knitwear and Knitted Bottlenecks, Knitwear Pro-duction with 3D technology in Finland. The objective of this research was to look into integrated seamless knitwear production, also known as 3D. The latest developments in knitwear production like 3D were supposed to change the whole industry but nevertheless changes are happening slowly. As a tech-nique, it is unique in clothing production while the machine can knit a complete sweater in less than an hour. The integral knitting technique to make seamless knitwear has many advantages but also some obstacles and limitations and in this research, those will be looked at more carefully. This was carried out as an action research by co-operating with one local producer Kutomo Holopainen in Finland by investigating knitting samples and prototypes and testing the possibilities with 3D.  There is a very limited amount of garment production left in Europe and in Finland. New 3D production methods and printers are expected to bring industries and jobs back from the Far East and, therefore, the reasons for global sourcing and also future scenarios are discussed for textile and fashion industry for the EU by 2020.  The focus will be on the design of the products together with the 3D production. Good de-sign should not only help selling the products but in this case also saves time and money in production. The production is run by a technician and one of the challenges is to have good communication between the technician and the designer. Knitwear together with 3D production should give excellent opportunities in finding interesting solutions in both what comes to the look of the products and the manufacturing.
Port towns and urban cultures : International  histories of the waterfront, c.17002000
Conquest and the law in Swedish Livonia (ca. 1630-1710) : a case of legal pluralism in early modern Europe
Despite the port's prominence in maritime history, its cultural significance has long been neglected in favour of its role within economic and imperial networks. Defined by their intersection of maritime and urban space, port towns were sites of complex cultural exchanges. This book, the product of international scholarship, offers innovative and challenging perspectives on the cultural histories of ports, ranging from eighteenth-century Africa to twentieth-century Australasia and Europe. The essays in this important collection explore two key themes; the nature and character of 'sailortown' culture and port-town life, and the representations of port towns that were forged both within and beyond urban-maritime communities. The book's exploration of port town identities and cultures, and its use of a rich array of methodological approaches and cultural artefacts, will make it of great interest to both urban and maritime historians. It also represents a major contribution to the emerging, interdisciplinary field of coastal studies.
The Oxford history of western music
The mystified war : regeneration and sacrifice
On Macedonian matters - from the partition and annexation of Macedonia in 1913 to the present : a collection of essays on languge, culture and history
Reclaiming the personal : oral history in post-socialist Europe
The 1918 Finnish civil war revisited: the digital aftermath
Liberation exhibitions as a commemorative membrane of socialist Hungary
The Oxford handbook of the new cultural history of music
The art of the Armenian book through the ages : they who imbibed the effusions of the Spirit = Haj grkharuestẹ dareru ẹndmēǧēn : orkh zcorans Hogwojn arbin = Arménské knižní umění v průběhu staletí : ti, kdož pili z toků Ducha
The landscape of consumption : shopping streets and cultures in Western Europe, 1600-1900
In Conquest and the Law in Swedish Livonia (ca. 1630-1710), Heikki Pihlajamaki offers an exciting account of the law and judiciary in seventeenth-century Livonia. Immediately after Sweden conquered the province in the 1620s, a reorganization of the Livonian judiciary began. Its legal order became largely modelled after Swedish law, which differed in important ways from its Livonian counterpart. While Livonian legal tradition was firmly anchored in the European ius commune, the conquerors' law was, by nature, not founded in legal learning. The volume convincingly demonstrates how the differences in legal cultures decisively affected the way Livonian judicial and procedural systems were shaped. Based on archival sources, the study presents an important contribution to the comparative legal history of the early modern period.
Abstract: The finnish psychiatric health services in the 1990's from the point of view of historical continuity.
Journal of Inner and East Asian Studies
History and cultural theory
Heritage gardens : care, conservation and management
Casting the ideal past : a narratological close reading of Eliel Aspelin-Haapkylä's History of the Finnish theatre company (1906-1910)
Spoilt rotten : the toxic cult of sentimentality
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
"In Europe and beyond, the moving image serves to imagine community and to instantiate a communal communicative space. These spaces do not not derive from harmonious but rather conflictual social configurations. To describe this space, Randall Halle presents the concept of interzone as a geographic and cultural space that develops through border crossings in the broadest sense, a place of transit, interaction, transformation, contentious and contested diveristy. To explore the communal communicative space made possible by cinema, Halle looks at cinematic relationships, especially European but also outside these borders. While treating German cinema as central, he also sweeps film production throughout central Europe, from the Baltic to the Sea of Marmara into the Mediterranean. In addition, Halle opens up a historical dimension that reaches from the pre-cinematic to contemporary post-film experiments with the moving image, from imperial Prussia to the role of European funding for contemporary films in Africa and Asia. Concentrating on the European Union's culture instead of its politics or economy, he combines analyses of films with their conditions of production, questions of both film aesthetics and financing. In this detailed investigation of cinematic space and place, Halle's themes come together to show cinema's ability to express multiple interzones in Europe and beyond".
Cultural environments, art history, and dark heritage
Why cultural studies?
Just enough : lessons in living green from traditional Japan
The antiquity of the Italian nation : the cultural origins of a political myth in modern Italy, 1796-1943
In their time : a history of feminism in Western society
On the cusp of postwar modernization : Americanization, international culture, and gender roles in Finnish commercials, 1955-1975
Casting the ideal past : a narratological close reading of Eliel Aspelin-Haapkylä's History of the Finnish Theatre Company (1906-1910)
The heritage crusade and the spoils of history
History of madness
Intézmények, folyamatok és kutatások a nemzetközi magyarságtudományban : a Jyväskyläi egyetem magyarságtudományi programjának első húsz éve = Institutions, tendencies and research in the international Hungarian studies : the first twenty years of the Jyväskylä University's Hungarian studies program
Human touch, natural processes: The development of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland from past to present
Film England : culturally English filmmaking since the 1990s
Historia renarrata : early Benedictine revisions of the First Crusade
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
Finnish communism visited
International journal of sino-western studies
"On election day the husband tied his wife to a table leg to stop her from voting" : political narratives, gender and archived heritage in Finland
The scent of time: a study of the use of fire and incense for time measurement in Oriental countries
Medievalist Enlightenment : from Charles Perrault to Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Russian peasants go to court : legal culture in the countryside 1905-1917
This volume demonstrates a new approach to cultural history, as it now being practiced by both historians and musicologists, in their quest to grasp the realms of human experience understanding, communication and meaning through the study of music and of musical practices.
Royal tourism : excursions around monarchy
The witch in history : early modern and twentieth-century representations
The use of history in Dracula tourism in Romania
New studies in modern Russian literature and culture : essays in honor of Stanley J. Rabinowitz
The Finnish landscape and its meanings
History culture and banal nationalism in post-war Bosnia
The Alma database : an important new scholarly resource
The landscape of the Karelian Isthmus and its imagery since 1944.
History, time, and economic crisis in Central Greece
A pocket history of Gaelic culture
This thesis aims to explore business opportunities through discovering factors that are needed to be known to understand Korean sense of humor, Hae-Hak, in practice on external communication with advertisement. By focusing on the research on specific examples of Korean advertisements that Hae-Hak is used, this paper will help you to understand Korean sense of humor. Under the HURMOS Project, to discover the utility of humor in business life of South Korea, research has been done.
State composers and the red courtiers : music, ideology, and politics in the Soviet 1930s
Masculinities and the ideal warrior : images of the Jäger movement
Indian art : essays
A different kind of Web : new connections between archives and our users
The new media handbook
Portuguese pavilion : 1998 Lisbon World exposition
Acquisition grammar of Romanian : with additional information regarding Romanian history, culture and civilization and a choice of representative literary texts
Baltic biographies at historical crossroads
Memorylands : heritage and identity in Europe today
This paper presents a brief study of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland. Most rural landscapes in southern Finland are produced by traditional agriculture and affected by modern farming. The cultural landscape of the countryside is therefore a human cultural achievement: working the land creates the agrarian landscape. Natural processes must be yielded and acknowledged, however. The various periodic layers of the rural landscape derive from its inhabitants and their historical periods. In this way, the landscape is comprised of natural and cultural phenomena, which can be both old and new. This paper is based on a study of the rural cultural landscapes of Perniö and Karjaa in southern Finland. The examination suggests a long-term landscape development from prehistoric to historical periods.
Humor in business : case analysis of South Korean humorous advertisements
Sapiens : a brief history of humankind
Calcutta : a cultural and literary history
Bur where is György Dózsa? : are there objective heroes in history?
Religious rituals and social norms in the making of adaptive systems : empirical and theoretical synthesis on revivals in 19th century Finland
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
Fashioning history : current practices and principles
What is the world of the 21st century like now that the centrality of the West is no longer given? How were the societies and cultures of today's world together with their interconnections forged, and what is driving human society in our times? In short, what is the state of the world today as we enter the second decade of the 21st century? This is the first book which deals with planetary human society as whole. It is a beginner's guide to the world after the West and after globalization, compact, portable, and jargon-free. It is aimed at everybody who, even with experience, has kept a begi.
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
Death and Mortality - From Individual to Communal Perspectives
In this pioneering volume, a group of "third generation" scholars subject the contested ligature between Finland and the Holocaust to critique. Finland's Holocaust: Silences of History traces the implications of antisemitism in Finland in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, through Finland's alliance with the Third Reich during much of World War II, to the complex negotiation with its wartime past. Taking up a range of issues - from cultural history, folklore, the arts, and sports, to the interpretation of military and national history - this collection examines how modern Finnish memory and the writing of history have both engaged and evaded the figure of the Holocaust. As the first English-language introduction to the changing position of Finland in contemporary international Holocaust historiography, Finland's Holocaust is essential reading for any student of antisemitism and the Holocaust, providing a critical perspective on the role of political and cultural historiography in modern Finland.
Production and trade of Etrurian terra sigillata pottery in Roman Etruria and beyond between c. 50 BCE and c. 150 CE
Interpreting Difficult History at Museums and Historic Sites is framed by educational psychoanalytic theory and positions museum workers, public historians, and museum visitors as learners. Through this lens, museum workers and public historians can develop compelling and ethical representations of historical individuals, communities, and populations who have suffered. To learn more, check out the website here: http://interpretingdifficulthistory.com/.
Borders of belonging : experiencing history, war and nation at a Danish Heritage Site
History of the Polish-Lithuanian commonwealth : state, society, culture
Zhou Enlai : the last perfect revolutionary : a biography
The new Tsar : the rise and reign of Vladimir Putin
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
Queens Consort, Cultural Transfer and European Politics examines the roles that queens consort played in dynastic politics and cultural transfer between their natal and marital courts during the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries. This collection of essays analyses the part that these queens played in European politics, showing how hard and soft power, high politics and cultural influences, cannot be strictly separated. It shows that the root of these consorts' power lay in their dynastic networks and the extent to which they cultivated them. The consorts studied in this book come from territories such as Austria, Braunschweig, Hanover, Poland, Portugal, Prussia and Saxony and travel to, among other places, Britain, Naples, Russia, Spain and Sweden. The various chapters address different types of cultural manifestation, among them collecting, portraiture, panegyric poetry, libraries, theatre and festivals, learning, genealogical literature and architecture. The volume significantly shifts the direction of scholarship by moving beyond a focus on individual historical women to consider 'queens consort' as a category, making it valuable reading for students and scholars of early modern gender and political history.
"Documentaries have recently become a favourite format for Chinese state-directed media to present an officially sanctioned view of history. Indeed, this is not confined to Chinese national history. In stark contrast to the earlier self-centred preoccupation with Chinese history, there has been an upsurge in interest in foreign history, with a view to illuminating China's role not only in world history, but also on the global stage today, and in the future. This book examines three recent Chinese documentary television series which present the officially sanctioned view of the rise of the modern West, the reasons for the end of the Soviet Union, and the legitimisation of the present-day Chinese government via a specific reading of modern Chinese history to argue for a "Chinese rise" in the future. With a focus on these documentaries, Gotelind Müller discusses how history is presented on screen, and explores the function of visual history for memory culture and wider society. Further, this book reveals how the presentation of Chinese and foreign history in a global framework impacts on the officially transmitted views on Self and Other, and thus provides a keen insight into how the Chinese themselves regard their "global rise". Documentary, World History, and National Power in the PRC will be welcomed by students and scholars working across a number of fields, including Chinese studies, East Asian studies, media studies, television studies, history and memory studies. "--
Ruins and fragments : tales of loss and rediscovery
The archaeology of wings : birds and people in the Baltic Sea region during the Stone Age
Studies in historical change
The national memory is often signified by means of monuments erected in the landscape, while commemorative historical sites always carry a story from the past, and it is not a matter of indifference how this story is told. Karelia, and particularly the areas of the Karelian Isthmus, the shores of Lake Ladoga and the Karelian Borderlands that were ceded to the Soviet Union as a consequence of the Second World War, are places where the commemorative sites have been objects of dispute for the last 60 years. Memories of Finnish Karelia have been erased, transformed and brought to life again: erased and transformed by the post-war masters of the area, for whom it was ideologically most appropriate to replace the Finnish narrative with one telling of victory in the Great Patriotic War and alluding to new sites commemorating the region's Russian history. The more recent revival of Finnish memories has been brought about not only by the Finns but also by Russians who have wished to tell the presentday inhabitants of Karelia about the forgotten and suppressed details of its more recent history.
Southern historiography in modern history : figural and philosophical aspects of historical discourse in Virginia and South Carolina, 1800-1844
Changing Russia? : history, culture and business
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Karelia lost or won - materialization of a landscape of contested and commemorated memory
The landscape has played - and continues to play - an important role in the process of constructing a national identity in Finland. In this process, certain areas and views, whether real or imaginary, are designated as vital symbols of the national culture. The landscape is not merely an image, a map or a view of the existing motherland, however. It is also a part of the nation's history, which is marked in the landscape in the form of significant buildings and monuments to historical events, so that the past may be seen as forming an unbroken continuum with the present. Work is constantly going on to maintain and renew the national traditions of landscape description. This means that whatever its age and nostalgic associations, the landscape is an integral part of our present-day lives. The images, maps, and discourses associated with the landscape may have altered in the course of time, and even the physical areas or views may have been replaced with new ones, but the ideal of a Finnish landscape has persisted. The signs and significations attached to it thus remain a powerful part of our national culture.
Corporate history culture and useful industrial past : a case study on history management in Finnish cotton company Porin Puuvilla Oy
The presence of the past in politics : "1956" after 1956 in Hungary
To commemorate or not : the Finnish Labor Movement and the memory of the Civil War in the interwar period
The world : a beginner's guide
Interpreting difficult history at museums and historic sites
The use and abuse of history
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
"I have a dream" : a material package on African American history and culture with a focus on communicative competence
13 case studies illustrate archival practitioners' own experiences in creating blogs, wikis, and interactive websites, and contributing to sites such as Flickr, YouTube, Wikipedia, and Second Life.
Hi Hitler! : how the Nazi past is being normalized in contemporary culture
Urbanity as national otherness
Emperors and the Divine – Rome and its Influence
The possible lives of Matleena Herajärvi : a poor woman's position in Northern Finland in the nineteenth century
From Gaul to De Gaulle : an outline of French civilization
Writing the history of memory
Red, white, and spooked : the supernatural in American culture
One thousand and twenty years of young Slovakia : the first complete book about the Slovak Republic
The war of liberation, the civil guards, and the Veterans' Union : public memory in the interwar period
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Macedonia: land, region, borderland
Jewish studies in the 21st century : Prague, Europe, world
Raj rhapsodies : tourism, heritage and the seduction of history
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
Time frames : negotiating cultural history
Nationalising culture : the reorganisation of national culture in Swedish cultural policy 1970-2002
Bottlenecks in Knitwear and Knitted Bottlenecks : Knitwear Production with 3D Technology in Finland
Eighteenth-century London through masks : notes on disguise, authenticity, and libertinage in eighteenth-century London city guides
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
The Kalevala epic in modern Finland - an issue of textualization and representation
Finland's Holocaust : silences of history
Democracy in America
