http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25504 hats
hats
Hat shop : 25 projects to sew, from practical to fascinating
The knit hat book : 25 hats from basic shapes
Women's hats : of the 20 th century for designers and collectors
Hats by Madame Paulette : Paris Milliner Extraordinaire
Couture Hats
Hattitude : knits for every mood
Gat : traditional headgear in Korea
Accessories of dress : an illustrated encyclopedia
45 fine & fanciful hats to knit
100 hats to knit & crochet
Folk hats : 32 knitting patterns & tales from around the world
Hats for brides & weddings
Hatless Jack : the president, the fedora, and the history of an American style
The modern girl's guide to hatmaking : fabulous hats & headbands to fashion at home
Hats made easy
Hats : a stylish history and collector's guide
I want my hat back
Knitted Animal Hats. 35 wild and wonderful hats and more for babies, kids, and the young at heart
Mommy & me crocheted hats
Patterns for costume accessories
Happy hats and cool caps
Making costumes for kids
Hats in Vogue : since 1910
Hatpins and hatpin holders encyclopedia
Welcoming home baby the handcrafted way : 20 quick & creative knitted hats, wraps & cozy cocoons for your newborn
Stylish knit scarves & hats with Mademoiselle Sophie : 23 beautiful patterns with child sizes too
Dora in magic land
Fantastical hats & beanies
Crochet hats : 8 designs from up-and-coming designers
Stetson hats 1865-1970 : and the John B. Stetson company
From the neck up : An illustrated guide to hatmaking
Boo, Boo, I love You!
Vintage hats & bonnets : 1770-1970 : identification & values
Vogue Knitting : the ultimate hat book : history, technique, design
Olive and the embarrassing hat
Knockout knits : new tricks for scarves, hats, jewelry, and other accessories
Where's walrus?
Hats : status, style and glamour
Hats on heads : The Art of creative millinery
Cool crocheted hats : 40 contemporary designs
45 fine & fanciful hats to knit : berets, toques, cones, stars, pentagons, and more
The Dressing-up book : lots of ideas amazing hat, masks and costumes
Classic millinery technique : a complete guide to making & designing today's hats
Millinery : studio secrets
High fashion hats : 1950 to 1980
Noovo. Volume 2, Fashion with soul / fashion editor: María del Rosario González y Santeiro ; photography editor: Jorge Margolles Garrote
Hats! : make classic hats and headpieces in fabric, felt, and straw
Animal hats : 25 fun projects to knit, crochet or make from fleece
Drawing fashion accessories
Caps : one size fits all
The hat book : creating hats for every occasion
I had a favorite hat
Mineralization and hydrothermal alteration of the Korvilansuo prospect, Hattu schist belt, Ilomantsi, Eastern Finland
Hats : an anthology
Weekend hats : 25 knitted caps, berets, cloches, and more
Vintage menswear : a collection from the vintage showroom
Warning! : this book may contain rabbits!
Nursery rhyme knits : hats, mittens & scarves with kids' favorite verses
Hats : with values
Fifty hats that changed the world
Virginia Avery's hats : a heady affair
Hat tricks : secrets of the millinery trade
The genus Aconitum L. (Ranunculaceae) in Poland and adjacent countries : a phenetic-geographic study
The century of hats : headturning style of the twentieth century
This is not my hat
Custom knits accessories : unleash your inner designer with improvisational techniques for hats, scarves, gloves, socks, and more
Vintage knit hats : 21 patterns for timeless fashions
Richard Scarry's Be careful, Mr. Frumble!
Fabulous felt hats : dazzling designs from handmade felt
Warning! This book may contain rabbits!
Hat tricks : Secrets of the millinery trade
Sewn hats
Philip Treacy by Kevin Davies
The hat : trends and traditions
The cowboy hat book
Women's headdress and hairstyles in England from AD 600 to the present day
Knit hats now : more than 40 knitted hats from 21 top designers
Men's hats
The dressing-up book
The history of the hat
We found a hat
