http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2555 economy
economy
The Soviet economy : an introduction
Finnish Government contribution in Haiphong Water Supply, Drainage, Sewerage and Sanitation Management Programs in Hai Phong city, Vietnam  : A Case Study
Handbook of the economics of education. Vol. 1
In market economies we can clearly make a distinction between the area of public finance and the area of private finance.In the centrally planned economies the distinction between private and public finance did not actually exist, because all economic activities as well as all finance were public.Given that, one can argue that transition from a centrally-planned to a market economy includes a radical fiscal restructuring. In principle, fiscal policy in transition economies was aimed at promoting economic recovery and creating favourable conditions for economic operators while maintaining reasonable social security. The fiscal stability was seen as an important signal of the government's commitment to economic stabilization.This, in turn, would increase public confidence in government.After the brake-up of the Soviet Union, most of the successor states experienced large fiscal deficits.Compared to other countries of the FSU, the Baltic states were able to maintain rather moderate deficits.One explanation for this can be that the initial fiscal position in all three Baltic states was better than in Russia and the transition economies in central Europe, and partly because of the early budget reforms in 1990-91.The Baltic countries practised tight fiscal policies right from the start of their independence.Another explanation for the Baltics' better success in maintaining fiscal stability can be explained by the fact that during the old Soviet system, the Baltic countries, especially Latvia and Lithuania, contributed large net transfers to the Soviet Union's budget.Once the Soviet Union collapsed, these transfers were abolished and the Baltic countries's financial balances improved significantly.The initial surplus in the fiscal accounts and better revenue performance made it easier to implement strict cash rationing as a means for expenditure control.Tight cas rationing has been an effective way to cut spending.Moreover, an additional factor explaining the success in expenditure policies has been the development of social security benefits.The shares of these transfers have remained fairly stable in all three Baltic states. Finally, it seems that Baltic governments have also been quite successful in reducing subsidies to very low levels.Despite the success, all three Baltic states have had trouble collecting budget revenues.Tax administration as well as control and payment mechanisms are still underdeveloped.In addition, due to a fact that many new private firms were not captured in the tax net, both taxes on wages and salaries, and VAT and other indirect taxes, may not have been fully collected from them.Budget revenues have further been negatively affected due to increase in tax arrears and falling profitability in state enterprises. Although the Baltic the Baltic countries managed to keep their fiscal deficits at quite low levels, deficits still emerged and therefore financing for these deficits had to be found.In respect of domestic financing, the government deficit has been mainly financed in the form of government bonds.The level of foreign financing, however, has been low due to a limited access to foreign capital markets. The future challange for economic policy in the Baltic countries is to ensure the availability of resources necessary to maintain growth, In this respect, fiscal policy should encourage savings, because they form the base for financing the high levels of investment required for sustained economic growth.One of the future challanges in all Baltic countries is the collecting of timely accurate, and accessible fiscal data that are consistent with the international standard of government finance statistics methodology.Also, we cannot ignore that social safety nets are under severe strain as a result of weak financial and administrative capacity.Further efforcts will focus also on tax policy; on improving the effectiveness of taxes by further broad.
The economic theory of fiscal policy
Archiving of Financial Data in Accounts Receivable : The Case Company UPM-Kymmene Oyj
The economics of public finance : essays by Alan S. Blinder and Robert M. Solow, George F. Break, Peter O. Steiner, Dick Netzer
Evolution of the Budgeting Process in St.Petersburg
Piracy and welfare : tax evasion, norms and fiscal externality
Fiscal transition in the Baltics
What new tools and models are enriching labor economics? "Developments in Research Methods and their Application" (volume 4A) summarizes recent advances in the ways economists study wages, employment, and labor markets. Mixing conceptual models and empirical work, contributors cover subjects as diverse as field and laboratory experiments, program evaluation, and behavioral models. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title investigates recent advances in methods and models used in labor economics. It demonstrates what these new tools and techniques can accomplish. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
This original and instructive new book defines and explores the concept of knowledge as the talent, skills, know-how and understanding embodied in individuals. The distinguished contributors advance the current research frontier in three novel directions which focus on: the role of human capital and talent for creativity, entrepreneurship and regional development; the role of institutions for the behaviour of firms and entrepreneurs; and the influence of the global context on the location, export and innovation behaviour of firms in a knowledge economy. They also address critical questions that underpin the emerging knowledge economy: Why does human capital and talent tend to agglomerate in large urban regions? How does this agglomeration affect the location of different types of economic activities? How does this agglomeration affect regional growth? Presenting the state-of-the-art in the field of knowledge economics, this book will prove a stimulating and challenging read for scholars and researchers with an interest in economics, business and management, and regional and urban studies.
On the political economy of social security and public education
Dematerialization : the potential of ICT and services
Be the best at what matters most : the only strategy you will ever need
Recovery hinges on export markets
Public finance and fiscal policy : an analyis of government spending, revenue, and debt
Creative Industries and Economic Evolution
Sports marketing : a practical approach
OECD economic surveys. Czech and Slovak Republics
The Finland in Figures publication is a compact information package that presents Finland in various ways and also contains international comparison data. The publication is like a visiting card for those needing information about Finland and it can be handed out in both domestic and international contexts.
Global economic growth will gain momentum in the forecast period
Global economic growth will gain momentum in the forecast period. The sliding oil price will benefit oil-importing countries. In the euro area, the Extended Asset Purchase Programme (EAPP) has reduced funding costs, improved lending and strengthened the confidence of economic agents. The exchange rate developments to date support the growth and inflation outlooks of the euro area and Japan, while the recovery of the US economy is consistent with the strong US dollar. The Russian economy will contract over the next two years, following the collapse of the oil price. Economic growth in China will remain relatively robust..
Public sector accounting
The intelligent investor : a book of practical counsel
Money : master the game : 7 simple steps to financial freedom
A bivariate autoregressive probit model : predicting U.S. business cycle and growth rate cycle recessions
Latvia has been suffering a substantial decrease in population since the early 1990s. There appears to have been little or no detailed analysis of the genesis of this decline in population. The major political event occurring at the beginning of the population decline was the rapid transitioning from socialism to capitalism. This study has revealed the causes of severe population decline to be a combination of steadily-declining birth rate, sharply rising high death rate, and mass emigration of people to wealthier European states. The cross-over of birth rate and death rate could be attributed to the tumultuous societal upheavals in the changeover from the socialistic protective-welfare system to a free-market capitalistic economic system. In particular, this traumatic event had probably affected the physical and mental health of many people to result in premature deaths from, among other things, consequential morbidity, accidents, homicides and suicides. Practicable remedies to arrest the continuing trend of precipitous decline in the population might include a) repairing the failures of the current modality of national health care, b) creating higher paying jobs in Latvia to entice prospective young emigrants to stay in Latvia, and c) repatriating of recent Latvian émigrés.
The Impact of Religious Tourism on Nepalese Economy
Market-based and rights-based approaches to the informal economy : a comparative analysis of the policy implications
The globalising economy : new risks - new challenges - new alliances
The development of specific locations into tourist attractions: cases from Northern Europe
Promoting development : effective global institutions for the twenty-first century
Fiscal federalism in Russia
Economic philosophy
Finnish economic papers
Straight to hell : true tales of deviance, debauchery, and billion-dollar deals
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2001.
Corporate Governance in China
Hungary : politics, economics and society
Surveys in public sector economics
Sacred economics : money, gift, & society in the age of transition
Weaker-than-expected developments in the global economy would erode Finland's export-driven growth. On the other hand, a more prolonged period of low commodity prices and the positive effects of accommodative monetary policy on the real economy could provide a further boost to growth. In Finland, the necessary consolidation measures will reduce domestic demand over the short term but may support growth over the longer term..
GDP growth in Russia : Different Capital Stock Series and the Terms of Trade
From material flows to cash flows : an extension to traditional material flow modelling
Russia's treasury bill market has taken off in recent years.The volume of outstanding stock has grown manyfold, so that the volume of trading on the secondary market is now enough to ensure liquidity.The yields of treasury bills, which once fluctuated wildly in response to trends in inflation and political uncertainty, have now settled to low enough levels where they may actually help stabilize Russian financial markets.If this, happens, we may soon expect to see increasing investments in production capacity. The T-bill market is mainly regulated by the Central Bank of Russia, which uses treasury bills as an instrument of monetary policy.Meanwhile, the government of the Federation of Russia has increasingly sought to use the T-bill market as a source of revenue.As the Central Bank of Russia will no longer extend direct credit to the government, inflation has naturally fallen.However, if there are to be further cuts in the yields of treasury bills, the government would probably have to curtail its borrowing.For this to happen the government must cut expenditures even further or improve its tax collection systems. .
The Danish economy
Health system financing reforms and its impact on access to health care in low and lower middle income countries of WHO European Region : a systematic review
A new world economic order : overhauling the global economic governance as a result of the financial crisis, 2008–2009
Managing trade relations in the new world economy
Straight and level : practical airline economics
Focus on Finland
The greatest investment advisor of the twentieth century, Benjamin Graham taught and inspired people worldwide. Graham's philosophy of "value investing" -- which shields investors from substantial error and teaches them to develop long-term strategies -- has made The Intelligent Investor the stock market bible ever since its original publication in 1949. The classic text has been annotated to update Graham's timeless wisdom for today's market conditions.
Religious thought and economic society : four chapters of an unfinished work
Black swans : what will chance the world next?
Research on rural credit union financial risk management and precaution. Case study: Mianzhu rural credit union
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
OECD economic surveys : Norway. 1993/1994
China and other emerging actors in Africa
Baltic and Scandinavian countries : a survey of the people and states on the Baltic with special regard to their history, geography and economics. Vol. 5: 2
General government debt by qua[r]ter
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4B
In the calculation of economic aggregates it is often necessary to compute the value of these aggregates in some relevant subgroups as well as for the whole data. A method of calculation is said to be consistent in aggregation if it gives the same result regardless of whether it is applied directly to the whole data or to subaggregates calculated using the same method. The property has been well studied, yet a satisfactory general definition has been lacking. In this paper a definition of consistency in aggregation is given for a general class of aggregation rules. We show that any aggregation method satisfying this definition has a representation based on a commutative semigroup operation. Also, as an application we use algebraic methods to derive certain properties of index numbers satisfying consistency in aggregation. In particular, we show that any such index number formula is in fact a generalized weighted mean.
Handbook of the economics of education. Vol. 2
The inseparable union of taxation and representation : a conceptual approach on the idea of representation during the controversies on the excise scheme and the Stamp Act, 1732-1734 and 1765-1766
How firm characteristics affect Capital Structure : An Analysis of Finnish Technology Industry
A normative EU policy towards China : mission impossible?
The debt trap : the IMF and the Third World
This is Finland
On money
Is prosopis a curse or a blessing? : an ecological-economic analysis of an invasive alien tree species in Sudan
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2004.
Pensions and public finances in Finland : a generational accounting perspective
Urban informal sector information : needs and methods
The Finnish great depression of the 1990s : Soviet trade or home-made?
The least developed countries report 2011 : the potential role of South-South cooperation for inclusive and sustainable development
International economics
MIND : media industry in Europe
The regional economics of knowledge and talent
Comparative politics and the international political economy
Financial handbook
The man who knew : the life and times of Alan Greenspan
Negotiation strategies and skills in international business : a study of negotiators in Finland
Structural reforms and stabilization policies in the euro area
Environmental policy and the economy
Finland in figures 2012
A social and economic theory of consumption
Asia Pacific regionalism : readings in international economic relations
Regional budgets and intergovernmental transfers in Russian  North and Northwest regions
Investing in Europe's future
Misbehaving : the making of behavioral economics
General government deficit and debt
Large waterborne epidemic in Pirkanmaa, Finland 2007 : Study on disease burden, health consequences and health-economic costs
Forecast risks predominantly on the downside
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4A
The lever of riches : technological creativity and economic progress
Soviet Lithuania : an economic survey
Classics in the theory of public finance
Toward a new international economic order : selected papers of C. Fred Bergsten, 1972-1974
Public-private sector pay gaps over the business cycle
International business-society management : linking corporate responsibility and globalization
Suomen kartasto = Atlas of Finland. Appendix 220 (1992), Economic activity
The economics of public services : proceeding of a conference held by the International economic association at Turin, Italy : ed. by Martin S. Feldstein, Robert P. Inman
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
A survey of the economic situation and prospects of Europe
United States hegemony and the structural power of finance
International monetary arrangements : the problem of choice : report on the deliberations of an international study group of 32 economists
Political issues in America today : the 1990s revisited
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2007.
Significance of Financial Reporting to Stakeholders in Nigeria-Investor's Perspective
International Monetary Fund : annual report 1998.
The Asian insider : unconventional wisdom for Asian business
Winning manufacturing : the how-to book of succesful manufacturing
International cultural policies and power
Social Upheaval, Poverty and the Latvian Demographic Crisis
The rise and fall of neoliberalism : collapse of an economic order?
Ethical issues in economics : from altruism to cooperation to equity
The informal economy : studies in advanced and less developed countries
The weak in the world of the strong : the developing countries in the international system
The Soviet economy : structure, principles, problems
Recent developments in production economics : proceedings of the Fourth International Working Seminar on Production Economics, Igls, Austria, February 17-21, 1986
Cultivating the human capital of the Central Baltic Sea region : policy recommendation : expat-project
Comparison of the cost of antidepressants in a prostate cancer screening trial population
Portrait of the Helsinki region
Handbook of the economics of education. Volume 4
The impacts of permanent shoreline residential housing on municipal economies.
Ports, industries and economics in the urban history of Helsinki
Observing the economy
Locations such as geodetic lines, geographical extreme points and national boundaries fascinate tourists because of their specific character, and therefore many of these have become significant tourist attractions and resources for tourism development. The aim of this paper is to conceptualize specific locations, and to analyse their development from a point or a line into a tourist attraction. In addition, the production of specific character is discussed. The transformation of specific locations into tourist attractions is approached through four cases in Northern Europe. Each of the cases is discussed using Dean MacCannell's model of sight sacralization in order to test its applicability in the empirical context. It is noted that specific locations develop into attractions in a series of stages, but the model of sight sacralization does not fully explain their transformation or their specific character. The stages may occur in different order, they can be overlapping or same stage can take place several times during the process. Furthermore, the development of specific locations does not end to the last stage of the model. It is suggested that specific locations should be approached more widely through social and political processes that influence their production and development.
Essays on higher moments in macroeconomics and finance
Alternatives to economic globalization : a better world is possible : a report of the international forum on globalization
This paper surveys theoretical literature on fiscal federalism, noting several concepts useful in understanding features typical to countries in transition.We argue that some of the concepts of standard fiscal federalism do not apply to transition economics as they do elsewhere.For example, normally undesirable inter-regional competition may actually benefit the transition process by forcing regions to alter their patterns of public spending.We further suggest that practices such as in-kind transfers may carry additional benefits in a transition environment.The paper makes extensive use of observations from Russia's system of inter-governmental relations. Keywords: fiscal federalism, transitional countries, Russia .
Anonymous money, moral sentiments and welfare
Ecological economics : an introduction
The great turning : from empire to earth community
Wage formation and the economy
Handbook of international financial management
Reinventing the third way : towards new forms of economic and democratic conduct
Capital accumulation and employment cycles in a model of creative destruction
A study in public finance
Natural resources and the macroeconomy
Cultural economics : the arts, the heritage and the media industries. 2
Causes of response uncertainty and its implications for WTP estimation in choice experiment
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Estimating the long-run relationship between income inequality and economic development
OECD economic surveys : United States. 1992/1993
The value of cultural institutions : measurement and description
Abstract (s. 238).
The Oxford handbook of entrepreneurship
The gnat is older than man : global environment and human agenda
What factors affect the ways individuals participate in labor markets? "New Developments and Research on Labor Markets" (volume 4B) proposes answers to this and other questions on important topics of public policy. Leading labor economists demonstrate how better data and advanced experiments help them apply economic theory, yielding sharper analyses and conclusions. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models enable the authors of these chapters to reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title concentrates on empirical research in specific labor markets, including those defined by age, gender, and race. It reveals how questions and answers about these markets have changed and how models measure them. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Financial imbalance in the United Nations peacekeeping contributions : Case UNIFIL
The economy under Mrs Thatcher
Challenges in entering Vietnamese market for companies in the sharing economy
Economic behaviour in adversity
Implementation of interventions in the CHIMACA project
The Creative Economy – Nurturing Innovative Entrepreneurship in Europe Analysing the major challenges in acquiring entrepreneurial skills in creative SME in Finland.
Focus on Switzerland : a set of volumes. [4], Economic life and the export industries
The collapse of the Soviet fiscal system: what should be done?
The Finnish sugar sector and its multiplier effects
Biopolitical screens : image, power, and the neoliberal brain
Shaping accelerated development and international changes : views and recommendations of the Committee for Development Planning relating to the international development strategy for a third United Nations development decade
A history of Russian economic thought
Green logistics in logistics industry in Finland : case:  Inex Partners Oy and Suomen Kaukokiito Oy
The political constraints on Russia's economic development : the visionary zeal of technological modernization and its critics
Winners in business aren't the ones who do the most things; the winners are the ones who do the most important things Be the Best at What Matters Most. is about the one essential strategy for business leaders, entrepreneurs, owners, managers and those who want to be one. Simplify, focus, and win by outperforming all your competition on those things that create real value for the customer. This is about substance, not flash, and the ultimate "wow" factors of high quality performance, consistency and relentless improvement. * Thought provoking questions, activities, and action steps are built into every section of the book * Author Joe Calloway, an International Speakers Hall of Fame inductee, has been a popular business speaker for thirty years and worked with hundreds of companies to help them create and sustain success * Author has published four books with Wiley Be the Best at What Matters Most will help you and your team focus on taking the actions that maximize results, growth, and profit.
Military draft and economic growth in OECD countries
A fundamental belief in personal liberty and in the ability of free markets to realise the good lies at the heart of the neoliberal economic orthodoxy that has now shaped public policy for a generation. Confidence in orthodox economics has, however, been badly shaken by the financial crisis of 2008 and, in the years following, by the effects of the Great Recession. The era of casino banking was not only an era of de-industrialisation and under-employment, but also of iniquitous tax avoidance schemes, and of grotesquely inflated levels of social inequality. Such factors, we now realise, have reduced the life-prospects of millions of our fellow-citizens. This interdisciplinary volume of essays, with wide-ranging contributions by theologians and social scientists, explores the theological, economic, and moral implications of these developments. Its central claim is that neoliberalism's failure to appreciate the limitations of its fiduciary commitments contributed massively to the economic crisis. A more honest appraisal of the relation between the language of belief and the sphere of economic behaviour is therefore required. This must also result in appropriate policy changes, to harness the power of the economy to serve a more generous vision of the human good.
Public sector environmental protection expenditure
Leverage : how cheap money will destroy the world
Tupakkatilasto 2013 = Tobaksstatistik 2013 = Tobacco statistics 2013
In Biopolitical Screens, Pasi Väliaho charts and conceptualizes the imagery that composes our affective and conceptual reality under twenty-first-century capitalism. Väliaho investigates the role screen media play in the networks that today harness human minds and bodies -- the ways that images animated on console game platforms, virtual reality technologies, and computer screens capture human potential by plugging it into arrangements of finance, war, and the consumption of entertainment. Drawing on current neuroscience and political and economic thought, Väliaho argues that these images work to shape the atomistic individuals who populate the neoliberal world of accumulation and war. Väliaho bases his argument on a broad notion of the image as something both visible and sayable, detectable in various screen platforms but also in scientific perception and theoretical ideas. After laying out the conceptual foundations of the book, Väliaho offers focused and detailed investigations of the current visual economy. He considers the imagery of first-person shooter video games as tools of "neuropower"; explores the design and construction of virtual reality technologies to treat post-traumatic stress disorder in veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan; and examines three instances of video installation art that have the power to disrupt the dominant regime of sensibility rather than reinforce it.
Russia-China relations : current state, alternative futures, and implications for the West
The economics of everyday life
Fast Company : Helsinki
Towards a market economy? : the current state of economic reform in Vietnam
Quarterly sector accounts
Who owns the future?
The blue economy : 10 years, 100 innovations, 100 million jobs
Accelerating development : the necessity and the means
Current issues in maritime economics
Mathematics of finance
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
The Role of Health Tourism on Azerbaijani Economy : Case Study of  Salt Mountain  Physiotherapy Center of Nakchivan
The economy of Ireland : policy & performance of a European region
The use of economic statistics
"Over the past three years, the notorious @GSElevator Twitter feed has offered a hilarious, shamelessly voyeuristic look into the real world of international finance. Hundreds of thousands followed the account, Goldman Sachs launched an internal investigation, and when the true identity of the man behind it all was revealed, it created a national media sensation--but that's only part of the story.  Where @GSElevator captured the essence of the banking elite with curated jokes and submissions overheard by readers, Straight to hell adds John LeFevre's own story--an unapologetic and darkly funny account of a career as a globe-conquering investment banker spanning New York, London, and Hong Kong."--Amazon.com.
Global economic prospects and the developing countries
Authoritarian modernization in Russia : ideas, institutions, and policies
The sustainability of Russian fiscal policy
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
The borderless world : power and strategy in the global marketplace
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
Growth in corporate investment and exports is expected to be reflected in slowly improving output in the immediate years ahead. Nevertheless, owing to increased uncertainties in the global economy, there is a possibility that exports will not yet begin to rebound. On the other hand, the pick-up in domestic investment may be jeopardised if competitiveness problems cannot be resolved and the high degree of uncertainty surrounding fiscal consolidation persists. For these reasons, another possibility is that economic activity in the immediate future will be weaker than forecast..
This paper briefly examines the sustainability of the Russian fiscal policy.Russia has run quite large general government deficits during the transition years.Some simple simulations show that the present policies are not sustainable in the medium-term, unless economic growth accelerates significantly and real interest rate declines.If these positive developments do not materialize, Russia must tighten her fiscal policy.  Keywords: Fiscal policy, public debt, Russia .
Time-varying conditional correlation : effect on international portfolio diversification in Southeast Asia
This paper considers Russian intergovernmental transfers and possible bases determining their share of regional budgets.By concentrating on ten regions in the North and Northwest, possible causes of the highly uneven per capita distribution of federal funds in these regions are noted.Due to the small sample size and problematic statistical data, the paper confines itself mainly to description.  Keywords: Russia, regions, intergovernmental transfers, regional budgets .
A brief assessment of Russia's treasury bill market
Waste Management in Northern Towns of Namibia
OECD economic surveys : Ireland. 2000-2001
Challenges of globalisation to the nation state
God and the financial crisis : essays on faith, economics, and politics in the wake of the Great Recession
'Dangerous steps towards the destruction of the liberty of the people' : a conceptual approach on Robert Walpole's excise scheme, 1732-1733
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2006.
The ethics of sightseeing
Economics of employment
The rise of modern Japan
Public economic theory and policy
Kenya to-day : social prequisites for economic development
A theory of economic-demographic development
Medical tourism
Industrial Development in Developing Nations : A case study of Nigerian small and medium business enterprises
SAP® ERP financials : configuration and design
Entrepreneurship is a key factor in economic growth, innovation, & the development of firms & businesses. Written by leading scholars, this book presents a comprehensive review of the research in entrepreneurship.
China rising : nationalism and interdependence
The future on shaking pillars : civil society and green economy in the United Nations Rio+20 summit
Media economics : theory and practice
Contemporary strategy analysis : text and cases
The British economy in 1975
Television Business News in Different Countries. A Comparison between News Produced in the United Kingdom and i Finland
The Role of Small and Medium Enterprises in The Economic Development of Ghana: A Study in The Greater Accra Region
"This Policy Dialogue compares two very different conceptions of the informal economy that are prominent internationally: a market-based approach and a rights-based approach. It reflects upon the policy implications of adopting one perspective or the other, and argues that the terms 'entrepreneur' and 'worker' are often ideologically charged rather than a reflection of the structural positions of the 'informals'. The paper is critical of a market-based perspective and of the related notion of informal entrepreneurs, as these may lead to policy recommendations that undermine the already fragile livelihoods of many people. The ideas presented in this paper are part of a work in progress and are intended to promote further debate about sustainable policy-making aimed at enhancing the economic and socialstanding of vulnerable people in the informal economy." --Publisher's description.
Issues in intergovernmental fiscal relations : possible lessons for Economies in Transition
The theory of international economic policy. Vol. 2, Trade and welfare
Urban economics : theory and policy
Essays in world economics
OECD economic surveys : Ireland. 1992/1993
The least developed countries : ... report
DEVELOPMENT OF CREATIVE INDUSTRIES IN CHINA : The case of Shenyang International Creative Valley
Towards interdependence? : Russian-Chinese economic relations 1990-2014 with the focus on energy trade
Finland in figures 2016.
Uncertainty in economics : readings and exercises
Vietnam economic environment and financial risks
NEFCO news : information bulletin
Consistency in aggregation, quasilinear means and index numbers
Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
Economic outlook
The economics of imperfect competition
Fiscal and ethical determinants of shadow economy : theory and evidence
Wiley CMAexcel learning system exam review 2015 : self-study guide. Part 2. financial decision making
Economic and social aspects of disarmament : contributions from East and West Europe
Children in families : research and policy
Digital collaborations and entrepreneurship : the role of shareconomy and crowdsourcing in the era of smart city
Asymmetric news effects on volatility : good vs. bad news in good vs. bad times
