http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2554 monetary economy
monetary economy
Further essays in monetary economics
This paper briefly examines the exchange rate arrangements of several of Eastern Europe's transition economies.Generally speaking, countries that have included some form of fixed exchange rate regime in their stabilization packages have been more successful in curbing inflation, and consequently reviving output. Further, while a fixed exchange rate is no panacea for economic problems, it can act as a credible nominal anchor in a comprehensive reform package.Such credibility, however, is contingent on the government's ability to implement a balanced budget. As transition progresses, fixed exchange rate regimes eventually become outmoded as they lack some of the flexibility and potency in conducting monetary policy central banks may require as the economy grows.To date, even the most advanced of the transition countries have balked at making this switch.A possible explanation may simply be inertia from past success of fixed exchange rates in reducing inflation and enhancing the credibility of such central banks. .
Discussing economics : a classroom guide to preparing discussion questions and leading discussion
The Governing Council of the ECB decided on an expanded asset purchase programme (EAPP) in January 2015. Purchases have thus far been conducted to a total value of almost EUR 780 billion. At its monetary policy meeting in March 2016, the Governing Council decided to further ease the monetary policy stance. Accordingly, markets expect monetary policy to remain accommodative for a prolonged period..
Bad samaritans : the guilty secrets of rich nations and the threat to global prosperity
Sacred economics : money, gift & society in the age of transition
Small countries establishing their own independent monetary system: the case of the Baltics
Early Medieval monetary history : studies in memory of Mark Blackburn
Money and political economy in the Enlightenment
Implementation of monetary policy at the zero lower bound and below
Coined : the rich life of money and how its history has shaped us
The emerging mortgage market in Russia : an overview with local and foreign perspectives
Monetary theory and policy
The Economist pocket banker
Estonia and EMU prospects
Euro area growth dependent on domestic demand
Studies in the macroeconomic implications of firm entry and exit
Finance : the basics
Silver economies, monetisation and society in Scandinavia, AD 800-1100
Integration cycles in the Eurozone stock markets
Financial speculation in Victorian fiction : plotting money and the novel genre, 1815-1901
The Roman imperial coinage. Volume II, part 1, From AD 69-96, Vespasian to Domitian
The general theory of employment, interest, and money
Aging in a currency union with endogenous growth
The death of money : the coming collapse of the international monetary system
Money, the financial system, and the economy
Foreign direct investment : smart approaches to differentiation and engagement
Personal business : character and commerce in Victorian literature and culture
Payment systems in global perspective
Financial cycles, monetary policy and macroprudential policy in the euro area
This paper treats inflation in Estonia during a period of dramatic change.In the course of this period both the nature and features of inflation have changed considerably. Starting in the mid-1980s, the development of the Estonian economy can be divided into two periods. During the first period the command economy was transformed into a postsocialist economy.The latter period was marked by the abolition of centralization and direct control, which are typical of the command economy. The difference between these periods is most clearly seen on the microeconomic level and is connected with the importance of market signals in determining the behaviour of economic agents. During the first period, i.e. from 1985 to 1992, nonmarket forces determined this behaviour.The market, or at least the initial conditions for a market were functioning, but market signals were not for the most part taken into account.In reality the command economy was reformed without a qualitative change in the economic system. The second period, which began in 1992 in connection with the monetary reform, include the qualitative change from a command economy to a market economy.The reforms that have taken place during the second period are making market signals the main impetus for the economic agents' behaviour. The nature of inflation has been different in the two periods. In the period of the post-socialist economy, inflation was a phenomenon that accompanied the liberalization of a command economy. .
Extreme values in finance, telecommunications, and the environment
Readings in British monetary economics
The medieval records of a London city church (St. Mary at Hill) A.D. 1420-1559. Part 1, With five facsimiles and temporary introductory note
Money and the mechanism of exchange
A dictionary of finance and banking
Adaptive learning and monetary policy design
Inflation in Estonia : The effect of transition
The business guide to credit management : advice and solutions for cash-flow control, financial risk and debt management
Global governance at risk
Households increasingly dependent on public transfers
For the past three years or so, Japan has pursued an economic policy named after Prime Minister Abe as abenomics, with the intention of putting the country back on a path of sustainable economic growth via expansionary monetary and fiscal policy and structural reforms. These goals have not yet been achieved, but there has already been some progress. For the time being, economic growth has been sluggish, but the deflationary trend has been halted and structural reforms have moved forward. The preconditions for success of the programme are in place..
The Roman monetary system : the Eastern provinces from the first to the third century AD
Financial markets. Statistical review
The value of debt : how to manage both sides of a balance sheet to maximize wealth
Ethics in finance
The yo-yo yen : and the future of the Japanese economy
Iron, steam & money : the making of the industrial revolution
The intelligent investor : a book of practical counsel
Weaker-than-expected developments in the global economy would erode Finland's export-driven growth. On the other hand, a more prolonged period of low commodity prices and the positive effects of accommodative monetary policy on the real economy could provide a further boost to growth. In Finland, the necessary consolidation measures will reduce domestic demand over the short term but may support growth over the longer term..
Financialization and the US economy
Usury and public debt in early Renaissance Florence : Lorenzo Ridolfi on the Monte Comune
Financial fragility and investment in the capitalist economy : the economic legacy of Hyman Minsky, volume II
Economic thought and the making of European Monetary Union : selected essays of Ivo Maes
Elements of international economics : with 41 figures and 9 tables
Applied financial economics
The worlds of Wall Street and The City have always held a certain allure, but in recent years have left an indelible mark on the wider public consciousness and there has been a need to become more financially literate. The quantitative nature of complex financial transactions makes them a fascinating subject area for mathematicians of all types, whether for general interest or because of the enormous monetary rewards on offer. An Introduction to Quantitative Finance concerns financial derivatives - a derivative being a contract between two entities whose value derives from the price of an underlying financial asset - and the probabilistic tools that were developed to analyse them. The theory in the text is motivated by a desire to provide a suitably rigorous yet accessible foundation to tackle problems the author encountered whilst trading derivatives on Wall Street. The book combines an unusual blend of real-world derivatives trading experience and rigorous academic background. Probability provides the key tools for analysing and valuing derivatives. The price of a derivative is closely linked to the expected value of its pay-out, and suitably scaled derivative prices are martingales, fundamentally important objects in probability theory. The prerequisite for mastering the material is an introductory undergraduate course in probability. The book is otherwise self-contained and in particular requires no additional preparation or exposure to finance. It is suitable for a one-semester course, quickly exposing readers to powerful theory and substantive problems. T
International migration, remittances, and brain drain
Explaining monetary and financial innovation : a historical analysis
The henhouse : don't let them steal your golden eggs
Agrarian change in late antiquity : gold, labour, and aristocratic dominance
The Quants : how a small band of maths wizards took over Wall Street and nearly destroyed it
Shifting frontiers in financial markets
Monetary economics : policy and its theoretical basis
War and gold : a five-hundred-year history of empires, adventures and debt
Fear index
Islamic financial markets
Credit and rural economy in North-Western Europe, c.1200-c.1850
Social ethics and normative economics : essays in honour of Serge-Christophe Kolm
Katalog bon graždanskoj vojny v Rossii (1917-1922) : denežnye znaki obâzatel'nogo mestnogo obraŝeniâ = Catalogue of Banknotes of the Civil War in Russia (1917-1922) : local government and municipal issues. Tom 1, Sever i severo-zapad Rossii, Pribaltika, Centr Rossii i Belorussiâ = Northern and Northwestern Russia, Baltics, Central Russia and Byelorussia
Global economic issues and policies
For peace and money : French and British finance in the service of tsars and commissars
Financial constraints and market failures : the microfoundations of new Keynesian macroeconomics
Essays in monetary economics
The international transmission of monetary policy in a dollar pricing model
Money and the real world
Monetary Overhang, Inflation and Stabilization in the  Economies in Transition
Countercyclical macroprudential policy is to be strengthened in the euro area. The European Central Bank will be assuming new macroprudential powers, as single banking supervision commences in autumn 2014 and the countercyclical buffer requirement is due to be introduced in all euro area countries no later than the beginning of 2016. Even so, a significant part of euro area macroprudential policy will continue in the future to be the responsibility of national authorities. In the operating environment of the single monetary policy, euro area Member States will be able to support their own and the area's economic stability and to improve the financial system's resilience to crises through pursuing robust national macroprudential policies..
Aftershock : protect yourself and profit in the next global financial meltdown
Management skills for the occupational therapy assistant
Financialization of daily life
The Eurosystem currently implements monetary policy in circumstances that are very different from those of the early years of the financial and debt crisis. The Governing Council of the ECB has pursued an accommodative monetary policy and lowered the central bank's policy rates close to zero, meaning that the scope for lowering the expected real interest rate by deployment of traditional monetary policy instruments is now limited. Inflation expectations that are lower than the Eurosystem's objective of price stability raise the real interest rate. This article looks at the non-standard monetary policy instruments with which, despite the zero lower bound, the Eurosystem has been able to steer market interest rates and strengthen expectations of a continuation of the accommodative monetary policy stance..
Monetary policy and the global economy
Global finance and the macroeconomy
Essays in monetary theory
The emerging power of Japanese money
Business subsidies and bureaucratic behaviour : a revised approach
Will Euro trigger more monetary unions in Africa?
Journal of finance
The ancient economy
The science of getting rich
Nonlinearities in exchange rate : evidence from smooth transition regression model
The secret life of money : everyday economics explained
Essays on monetary policy in China
Since regaining independence, Estonian has carried out its economic and political reforms with dispatch and determination.Estonia has now succesfully completed primary tasks faced by most transition countries, ie. trade liberalization, macroeconomic stabilization, privatization, monetary reform, strengthening of financial sector etc.One of the main challanges presently facing Estonia is the EU membership.If Estonia intends to become a member of the EU in the years ahead, EMU will comprise the framework of development also for the Estonian economy.What then are the implications of EMU memberhip for Estonia ?Benefits include elimination of currency transaction costs, reduction of costs of hedging against exchange rate risk, increased competition due to price transparency, increased foreign trade, elimination of problems related to fluctuating exchange rates, low inflation, and benefits related to increased international role of the common European currency euro. Costs related the EMU and a common currency depend on the structure of Estonia's economy vis a vis other European economies.In general, if EMU member states have similar economic structures and economic problems, then the costs will be low, because a common EMU economic policy suit every country's individual needs.If this is not the case, then the costs of a common currency will be high.  Estonia's participation in euro area requires a fulfilment of the Maastricht convergnece criteria on interest rate, exchange rate, price stability as well as public debt.In respect of the government deficit and debt, succesfull economic reform and accompanying economic growth have created a situation wherein Estonia's debt burden is relatively small and the Estonian government can easily borrow money from international markets. Regarding to price stability, inflation rate in Estonia is still considerably above the level of Western European countries.Also, long-term interest rates still exceed the reference value of the EMU criterion.Finally, the criterion of exchange rate stability can be considered to be essentially fulfilled in Estonia because the kroon has already for five years been pegged to the Deutschemark, one of the most stable currencies in Europe.  If Estonia remains outside the official euro area after accession, the EMU will still have an enormous impact on its economic and monetary policies.For Estonia, as well as for all new member states, the pursuit of strict macroeconomic and fiscal policies is of essential importance.  Keywords:Estonia, EMU, EU, integration, enlargement, monetary policy .
Sacred economics : money, gift, & society in the age of transition
Pioneers of financial economics. Volume 2, Twentieth-century contributions
Handbook of monetary economics. Vol. 1
Financial stability in dollarized economies
The politics of money : towards sustainability and economic democracy
Annual report of the Executive Board for the financial year ended ..
Financial sector reforms in Pakistan and a test for McKinnon and Shaw's transmission mechanism: 'Lessons from the last decade'
Recovery hinges on export markets
Personal finance for dummies
Capitalizing on crisis : the political origins of the rise of finance
Journal of monetary economics
The long and the short of it : a guide to finance and investment for normally intelligent people who aren't in the industry
Voting rules and budget allocation in an enlarged EU
The sterling area : an American analysis
Regulatory frameworks for hawala and other remittance systems
The man who knew : the life and times of Alan Greenspan
Financial history of the United States : fiscal, monetary, banking, and tariff, including financial administration and state and local finance
Business and politics under the Persian Empire : the financial dealings of Marduk-nāṣir-apli of the House of Egibi (521-487 B.C.E.)
Euro area monetary policy has been eased significantly in recent years. The most important of the measures applied are the expanded asset purchase programme (EAPP), targeted longer-term refinancing operations and the introduction of a negative interest rate on the deposit facility. The Governing Council of the ECB has emphasised its commitment to securing a sustained adjustment in the path of inflation consistent with its inflation target, i.e. a level below, but close to, 2%. The asset purchase programme has proceeded as planned and has led to reductions across a broad spectrum of euro area interest rates..
Dice have no memory : big bets and bad economics from Paris to the Pampas
Contrarian investment strategies based on decomposed valuation ratios
Studies on the macroeconomics of monetary union
An introduction to quantitative finance
On money
Globalization, hegemony and the future of the City of London
Can "it" happen again? : essays on instability and finance
Macmillan dictionary of international finance
The Arab world facing the challenge of the new millenium
The fear index
International finance : theory and practice in transition countries
From material flows to cash flows : an extension to traditional material flow modelling
Abstract: The constitutional decision-making to join European Economic and Monetary Union.
Cash, savings and all that stuff : a guide to money and how to manage it
We provide a brief overview of recent developments in the Indian macroeconomy, including aspects of the real economy, price developments, and monetary and fiscal policies.The picture that emerges is one of a rapidly growing economy, supported by strong domestic demand and credit flows.The economic boom has dragged the current account into deficit, while output growth has broadened to encompass the industrial sector.Fiscal deficit ratios have recently declined due to a rapid increase in the level of GDP, but public sector imbalances remain high, constraining necessary investments in health, education, physical infrastructure and overall poverty reduction. Keywords: India, economic growth, monetary policy, fiscal policy .
Handbook of monetary economics. Vol. 3 [Elektronisk resurs]
Handbook of monetary economics. Vol. 2
Global development finance : external debt of developing countries
Cash management behavior of firms and its structural change in an emerging money market
The collected writings of John Maynard Keynes. 1, Indian currency and finance
The quants : how a small band of math wizards took over Wall St. and nearly destroyed it
Economic thinking and pollution problems
Credit and state theories of money : the contributions of A. Mitchell Innes
Handbook of monetary economics. Vol. 1 [Elektronisk resurs]
An analysis of the interplay between private entrepreneurship under Darius I of Persia and government fiscal policies and procedures, as exemplified by a member of the wealthy and prestigious Egibi family in Babylon, who had close business connections with government officials. Topics discussed are taxation, tolls, prebends, tax-farming, the international slave trade, market transportation systems, waterway usage, agricultural production, and other private and public economic processes. In addition, 143 pertinent texts are translated and commented upon.
The longer working careers and higher earnings of those now retiring have caused a rising trend in earnings-related pensions. As this has been accompanied by a strong increase in unemployment expenditure and slow growth in aggregate income from wages and salaries on account of the recession, a growing number of households now depend on current transfers. Accordingly, household income and expenditure are now less dependent on the economic cycle and countercyclical policy. In addition, the impact of monetary policy on aggregate demand is reduced by the growing role of property income in financing consumption. Contrary to the life cycle hypothesis, elderly people's savings rate has risen with age, and net wealth is highest amongst the elderly..
Structural reforms and stabilization policies in the euro area
The international monetary system : efficiency and practical alternatives
A history of money : from ancient times to the present day
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
Dictatorship of failure : the discourse of democratic failure in the current European crisis
A few observations on the monetary and exchange rate policies  of transition economies
The general theory of employment, interest and money
The global city : New York, London, Tokyo
Monetary bulletin
Presents the author's six-week personal finance program for adults ages 20-35. Integrated with his website, where readers can use interactive charts, follow up on the latest information, and join the community, it is a hip blueprint to building wealth and financial security.
The greatest investment advisor of the twentieth century, Benjamin Graham taught and inspired people worldwide. Graham's philosophy of "value investing" -- which shields investors from substantial error and teaches them to develop long-term strategies -- has made The Intelligent Investor the stock market bible ever since its original publication in 1949. The classic text has been annotated to update Graham's timeless wisdom for today's market conditions.
Asia in the global economy : finance, trade and investment
Focus on personal finance : an active approach to help you develop successful financial skills
The Roman monetary system was highly complex. It involved official Roman coins in both silver and bronze, which some provinces produced while others imported them from mints in Rome and elsewhere, as well as, in the East, a range of civic coinages. This is a comprehensive study of the workings of the system in the Eastern provinces from the Augustan period to the third century AD, when the Roman Empire suffered a monetary and economic crisis. The Eastern provinces exemplify the full complexity of the system, but comparisons are made with evidence from the Western provinces as well as with appropriate case studies from other historical times and places. The book will be essential for all Roman historians and numismatists and of interest to a broader range of historians of economics and finance.
India's recent macroeconomic developments
Financial crises : socio-economic causes and institutional context
Cases in financial reporting : an integrated approach with an emphasis on earnings and persistence
An outline of money
Abenomics: three years - the big ship turns slowly
Comparative monetary economics : capitalist and socialist monetary systems and their interrelations in the changing international scene
Governing the world's money
From individualism to the individual : ideology and inquiry in financial economics
The Euro and the Nordic markets
I will teach you to be rich
Handbook of monetary economics. Vol. 2 [Elektronisk resurs]
Growth overshadowed by hard-to-quantify risks
Econometric studies of public support to entrepreneurship
Voting rules and budget allocation in the enlarged EU
Potential Use of Web 2.0 Tools in Technical Analysis of Securities
The story of money : from bartering to bail-out
Pioneers of financial economics. Volume 1, Contributions prior to Irving Fisher
The future of payment systems
Applied economics in banking and finance
