http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2558 Iron Age
Iron Age
Luristan excavation documents. Vol. 4, The Early Iron Age in the Pusht-i Kuh, Luristan
Canaan and Israel in antiquity : a textbook on history and religion
Late Roman and Byzantine solidi found in Sweden and Denmark
Iron Age bridle-bits from Britain
Beer-Sheba III : the early iron IIA enclosed settlement and the late iron IIA-iron IIB cities. Vol. III, Artifacts, ecofacts and concluding studies
Sarepta II : the late bronze and iron age periods of area II, X : the University Museum of the University of Pennsylvania excavations at Sarafand, Lebanon
Bronze bull figurines of Palestine in their Levantine context
Megiddo V : the 2004-2008 seasons. Vol. 2
Living in the past
Landscapes, power and coerced decisions : a study on Iron Age archipelago and mainland from the perspective of the Kemiönsaari area in SW Finland
Death and burial in Iron Age Britain
Megiddo V : the 2004-2008 seasons. Vol. 1
Tel Dan in history of iron age Palestine and Dan in the Hebrew Bible
Kings of the North Sea, AD 250-850
In search for Aram and Israel : politics, culture, and identity
Villanovans and early etruscans : a study of the early iron age in Italy as it is seen near Bologna, in Etruria and in Latium
Dress and identity in Iron Age Britain : a study of glass beads and other objects of personal adornment
Bloomery ironmaking during 2000 years. 1, Ancient ironmaking in a local and general Norwegian context
What happened in history
People at the crossroads of space and time : (footmarks of societies in ancient Europe). 2
The Georgians
Stratigraphy : excavations in the black earth 1990-1995. Vol. 1
Iron age studies in Salo 1-2
A journey through 1000[0] years of cultural history = Ceavccageaðgi mortensnes
People, ideas and goods : new perspectives on 'Celtic barbarians' in Western and Central Europe (500-250 BC)
Tor : tidskrift för arkeologi = journal of archaeology. Vol. 30, 1998-1999
Anglo-Saxon graves and grave goods of the 6th and 7th centuries AD : a chronological framework
The Westland cauldrons in Norway
Slag as evidence for early iron production in arctic Norway
St. Katherine's Church Hill : late Iron-Age burial ground
Nadkole 2 : a cemetery of the Przeworsk culture in eastern Poland
Excavations at Helgö. 1, Report for 1954-1956
Dying Gods : religious beliefs in Northern and Eastern Europe in the time of Christianisation
Vikings : life and legend
"As for me, I will dwell at Mizpah ..." : The Tell en-Naṣbeh Excavations after 85 Years
Centrality - regionality : the social structure of southern Sweden during the Iron Age
A methodological study of grave gifts as sex-indicators in Iron Age burials from Athens
Vallhagar : a migration period settlement on Gotland/Sweden
On the weaponry of the Early Roman period in Finland and neighbouring areas
Viking worlds : things, spaces and movement
Life and economy at early medieval Flixborough, c. AD 600-1000 : the artefact evidence
Germanic warrior AD 236-568
Publisher Synopsis: Ronald Hendel-- University of California, Berkeley: "Mark Smith takes us on a fascinating tour of the 'lost world' of early Israelite warrior culture. From the heroic values of love, life, and death to the poetic victories of divine and human warriors (both male and female), a submerged stratum of biblical and prebiblical culture comes to life. At once erudite and engaging, this is a treat for discerning readers of the Bible."Susan Niditch-- Amherst College"With sophisticated comparative analysis of classical ancient Near Eastern texts, Smith's Poetic Heroes probes questions critical to an appreciation of cultural identity and worldview. His work is an innovative and thoughtful contribution to the study of ancient epic traditions, and he grapples deftly with issues in gender and war, providing a basis for further work in religious ethics."Susan Ackerman-- Dartmouth College"Smith offers an impressively in-depth account of warriors and warrior culture as depicted in some of the greatest literary masterpieces of the ancient eastern Mediterranean and the ancient Near East. . . . His analysis teases out of these texts key ideas of what defines warriors in the early biblical world, also describing how ancient ideas about warriors were presented and transmitted in oral and written form. . . . An invaluable reference."Karel van der Toorn-- University of Amsterdam"Poetic Heroes offers a tremendous amount of things to learn, to enjoy, to savor, and to argue about. A profound reflection on warrior culture in the world of the Bible by a great scholar."
The material culture of daily living in the Anglo-Saxon world
Nowinka : site 1, the cemetery from the Late Migration Period in the northern Poland
Poetic heroes : literary commemorations of warriors and warrior culture in the early biblical world
The ultimate Viking
Contacts within Northern Fennoscandia 0-400 AD
Latium Vetus in the bronze age and early iron age = Il Latium Vetus nell'età del bronzo e nella prima età del ferro
Iron age communities in Britain : an account of England, Scotland and Wales from the seventh century BC until the Roman conquest
Ullandhaug : an Early Iron Age farm
Dreaming the serpent spear
Continuity for centuries : a ceremonial building and its context at Uppåkra, southern Sweden
Throughout its history, the Kingdom of Israel had strong connections with the Aramaean world. Constantly changing relations, from rivalry and military conflicts to alliances and military cooperation, affected the history of the whole Levant and left their marks on both Biblical and extra-Biblical sources. New studies demonstrate that Israelite state formation was contemporaneous with the formation of the Aramaean polities (11th-9th centuries BCE). Consequently, the Jordan Valley (and especially its northern parts and its extension to the valley of Lebanon) was a constantly changing border zone between different Iron Age polities. In light of that, there is a need to study the history of Ancient Israel not only from the "Canaanite" point of view but also within the political and cultural context of the Aramaean world. This volume brings together experts working in different fields to address the relations and interactions between Aram and Israel during the Early Iron Age (12th to 8th centuries BCE).
Archaeology and the emergence of Greece : collected papers on early Greece and related topics (1965-2002)
Early ships and seafaring : European water transport
Fingerprinting the Iron Age : approaches to identity in the European Iron Age : integrating South-Eastern Europe into the debate
Britain B.C. : life in Britain and Ireland before the romans
Helgö - moulds and routes : ceramological investigations of distribution, ceramics craft and raw materials
Bruc ealles well : archaeological essays concerning the peoples of North-West Europe in the first millennium AD
Tor : tidskrift för arkeologi = journal of archaeology. Vol. 29, 1997
Material and interpretation : the archaeology of Sjaelland in the early Roman iron age
The grave as a doorway to the other world : architectural religious symbolism in Iron Age graves in Scandinavia
Roman Britain
During the last twenty years, the category 'grave' has been the subject of increasing debate in Swedish archaeology. It has been recognized that monuments commonly regarded as graves are sometimes also found in cultic contexts other than those associated with death and burial. In many cases, for instance, monuments similar to graves have been erected at cult sites, and seem to have been used in sacrificial practices rather than for burials. According to archaeological, textual and onomastic sources, it was common practice in Old Norse religion to suspend sacrificial victims from trees of from upraised posts, or to deposit offerings at the base of sacred rocks and boulders. In all these cases, the trees, posts and boulders seem to be representation of the World Axis, depicted in cosmological myths as a Cosmic Tree, Pillar or Mountain. I argue that these various representations of the World Axis are also incorporated in the architectonic symbolism of several forms of grave monuments in pre-Christian Scandinavia. The architectonic shape of these monuments could thus be used in several different contexts, since they represented a 'Cosmic Center' and a 'doorway' to the Other World.
Paths to complexity : centralisation and urbanisation in Iron Age Europe
The metal hoard from I̓brī/Selme, Sultanate of Oman
The African Iron Age
Prehistoric graves as a source of information : symposium at Kastlösa, Öland, May 21-23, 1992
In search of 'Ancient Israel'
Funeral pyres : Iron Age cremations in North Spånga
Prehistoric peoples : discover the anciet world of the first human beings
Excavations at Helgö. 15, Weapon investigations : Helgö and the Swedish hinterland
Textiles and the Medieval economy : production, trade, and consumption of textiles, 8th-16th Centuries
Coastal communities on the move : house and polity interaction in Southern Ostrobothnia 1500 BC-AD 1
Iron Age communities in Britain : an account of England, Scotland and Wales from the seventh century BC until the Roman conquest
Lithics after stone age in East Africa : Wadh Lang'o case study
Warfare exerts a magnetic power, even a terrible attraction, in its emphasis on glory, honor, and duty. In order to face the terror of war, it is necessary to face how our biblical traditions have made it attractive — even alluring. In this book Mark Smith undertakes an extensive exploration of "poetic heroes" across a number of ancient cultures in order to understand the attitudes of those cultures toward war and warriors. Smith examines the Iliad and the Gilgamesh; Ugaritic poems commemorating Baal, Aqhat, and the Rephaim; and early biblical poetry, including the battle hymn of Judges 5 and the lament of David over Saul and Jonathan in 2 Samuel 1. Smith's Poetic Heroes analyzes the importance of heroic poetry in early Israel and its disappearance after the time of David, building on several strands of scholarship in archaeological research, poetic analysis, and cultural reconstruction.
The Staffordshire hoard
The Early Iron Age cemetery at Korvala in Sauvo
Distinctions in the Finnish iron age
Luristan excavation documents. Vol. 6, Bani Surmah : an early Bronze Age graveyard in Pusht-i Kuh, Luristan
Gwent county history. Vol. 1, Gwent in prehistory and early history
The coming of the age of iron
Exchange networks and local transformations : interaction and local change in Europe and the Mediterranean from the Bronze Age to the Iron Age
Luristan excavation documents. Vol. 2, Chamahzi Mumah : an Iron Age III graveyard
Look inside the stone age
Hillfolk : a game of iron age drama
The archaeology of Gudme and Lundeborg : papers presented at a conference at Svendborg, October 1991
Jewelry has always had an irresistible allure yet in the past also had a significance and function within society that went far beyond ornamentation. Jewelry is an important, if often forgotten facet of material culture. Its study is inter-disciplinary, involving archaeology, anthropology, art history, historical/textual studies, and research of materials and manufacturing techniques. While the renowned jewelry from regions such as Egypt and Mesopotamia has been studied, that of the southern Levant has received only limited attention, yet research of its archaeological/contextual, technological and socio-cultural perspectives is illuminating. The book is a final publication of the author's doctoral dissertation made available to the archaeological and academic community at large. The book is geared to be a working tool for archaeologists dealing in this period and region and to scholars who study its arts and crafts. It provides a handy typological structure for jewelry classification as well as a comprehensive and useful catalogue for research in this and related fields. In addition, the book illustrates the significance, meaning and functions of jewelry and the development of the jeweler's craft in the southern Levant during the first and second millennia BCE.
Simris II : bronze age problems in the light of the Simris excavation
Reconstructing Iron Age societies : new approaches to the British Iron Age
The dark age of Greece : an archaeological survey of the eleventh to the eighth centuries BC
Women's lives in biblical times
Greek Iron Age architecture : developments through changing times
The late Iron Age bear-tooth pendants in Finland : symbolic mediators between women, bears, and wilderness?
Sūkās. 10, The Bronze and Early Iron Age remains at the Southern Harbour
This volume presents and analyses a catalogue of all 232 sites of the Bronze and Early Iron Ages in Latium vetus for which the location is known with certainty, including settlements, tombs, hoards and ritual loci. The catalogue is supported with an investigation of landscape chracter and changes. GIS and statistical techniques are used to identify tendencies and trends over time in the location of settlements, and the catalogued sites are submitted to a functional analysis on the basis of the availability of natural harbours, minerals and land with agricultural potential. The findings are interpreted in a substantial synthesis in English, which puts forward a model for the growth of social stratification in Bronze Age Latium Vetus, and the factors which contributed.
The world in the Viking Age
The Villanovan, Etruscan, and Hellenistic collections in the Detroit Institute of Arts
A Scanian grave find from the Vendel time
Quarrying in Western Norway : An Archaeological Study of Production and Distribution in the Viking Period and Middle Ages 2015
Society and trade in the Baltic during the Viking Age : papers of the VIIth Visby Symposium held at Gotlands Fornsal, Gotland's Historical Museum, Visby, August 15th-19th, 1983
Sustaining life : vessel import to Norway in the first millennium AD
The summit of the City of David excavations 2005-2008 : final reports volume 1
Landscapes of gender, age and cosmology : burial perceptions in Viking Age Iceland
Viking swords : swords and social aspects of weaponry in Viking Age societies
Iron age and medieval seal hunting sites : archaelogical investigations at Bjuröklubb, Västerbotten, Northern Sweden. Part 1
Archaeologists and textile historians bring together 16 papers to investigate the production, trade and consumption of textiles in Scandinavia and across parts of northern and Mediterranean Europe throughout the medieval period. Archaeological evidence is used to demonstrate the existence or otherwise of international trade and to examine the physical characteristics of textiles and their distribution in order to understand who was producing, using and trading them and what they were being used for. Historical evidence, mainly textual, is employed to link textile names to places, numbers and prices and thus provide an appreciation of changing economics, patterns of distribution and the organisation of trade. Different types and qualities of cloths are discussed and the social implications of their production and import/export considered against a developing background of urbanism and increasing commercial wealth.
A history of ancient Britain
Late Roman silver : the Traprain treasure in context
Nørre Fjand : an early iron-age village site in West Jutland. Text. Plates
Zvonimirovo - Veliko polje. 1, Groblje latenske kulture = A cemetery of the La Tène culture
Living on the fringe : the archaeology and history of the Negev, Sinai and neighbouring regions in the bronze and iron age
The Iron Age culture of Latium. 1, Classification and analysis
Guldgubber and retrospective methods
Życie codzienne w prahistorycznej Macedonii = Everyday life in prehistoric Macedonia
The publication of the full report of the Tel Beer-sheba Iron Age remains is a fulfillment of a scientific dream. The excavations at Tel Beer-sheba, carried out under the auspices of the Institute of Archaeology of Tel Aviv University, were the highlight of Yohanan Aharoni's vast research program in the Beer-sheba Valley. He directed this program from 1969 until his untimely death in 1976 at the age of 56. The final season of excavations at Tel Beer-sheba, the eighth, took place in the summer of 1976 and was carried out after Aharoni's demise by his chief assistants, Ze'ev Herzog, Itzhaq Beit-Arieh, and Anson F. Rainey. The latter two regrettably did not live to see the completion of this publication, but they shared in the work, as did the young staff members who enabled the Tel Beer-sheba project to become a reality. During the National Parks Authority site development, there was further exposure, mainly of the water supply systems, directed by Ze'ev Herzog with David Sappo (Western Quarter, 1990–1991), with Tsvika Tsuk (the well, 1993) and finally with Ido Ginaton (the water-system, 1994–1995). Now, after a lengthy process of analyzing the excavations in the storerooms of Tel Aviv University's Institute of Archaeology and digging through the endless documentary material amassed, the full data is proudly presented. This work is offered not merely as a final report but as a starting point for further scientific inquiry on the abundant architectural, artifactual, and ecofactual data from Tel Beer-sheba. Volume I reports on the stratigraphy and architecture, volume 2 on the pottery; and volume 3 on the artifacts, ecofacts, and also provides concluding studies. The three volumes are profusely illustrated and an essential resource for anyone interested in the history of Judah, the Beer-sheba Valley, the site itself, and life during the Iron Age in the southern Levant.
Viking identities : Scandinavian jewellery in England
Sahranjivanje u bronzano i gvozdeno doba : simpozijum, Č̌ačak, 4-8. Septembar 2002 = Burial customs in the Bronze and Iron Age : Symposium, Č̌ačak, 4-8. September 2002
Prehistoric peoples : discover the long-ago world of the first humans
Early Finnish art : from prehistory to the Middle Ages
Societies of the past : approaches to landscape, burial customs and grave goods
Celts on the margin : studies in European cultural interaction : 7th century BC - 1st century AD : dedicated to Zenon Wozniak
Beer-Sheba III : the early iron IIA enclosed settlement and the late iron IIA-iron IIB cities. Vol. II, The pottery
Viking age amulets in Scandinavia and western Europe
The Iron Age community of Osteria dell'Osa : a study of socio-political development in central Tyrrhenian Italy
Archaeologists have long acknowledged the absence of a regular and recurrent burial rite in the British Iron Age, and have looked to rites such as cremation and scattering of remains to explain the minimal impact of funerary practices on the archaeological record. Pit-burials or the deposit of disarticulated bones in settlements have been dismissed as casual disposal or the remains of social outcasts. In Death and Burial in Iron Age Britain, Harding examines the deposition of human and animal remains from the period - from whole skeletons to disarticulated fragments - and challenges the assumption that there should have been any regular form of cemetery in prehistory, arguing that the dead were more commonly integrated into settlements of the living than segregated into dedicated cemeteries. Even where cemeteries are known, they may yet represent no more than a minority of the total population, so that other forms of disposal must still have been practised. A further example of this can be found in hillforts which, in addition to domestic and agricultural settlements, evidently played an important role in funerary ritual, as secure community centres where excarnation and display of the dead may have made them a potent symbol of identity. The volume evaluates the evidence for violent death, sacrifice, and cannibalism, as well as age and gender distinctions, and associations with animal burials, and reveals that 'formal' cemetery burial or cremation was for most regions a minority practice in Britain until the eve of the Roman conquest.
Ancient Greece : from the Mycenaean palaces to the age of Homer
Absolutno datiranje bronaste in źelezne dobe na Slovenskem = Absolute dating of the Bronze and Iron Ages in Slovenia
Bloomery ironmaking during 2000 years. 2, Iron in the west Nordic region during the Middle Ages
The broken people : deconstruction of personhood in iron age Finland
Problems concerning Iron Age cremation cemeteries in Western and Eastern Finland (Karelia)
The early iron age cemetery at Korvala in Sauvo, South-West Finland
From Stone Age to Iron Age : a study from Sogn, western Norway
The Iron Age in Britain and Ireland : recent trends
Luristan excavation documents. Vol. 3, Djub-i Gauhar and Gul Khanan Murdah : Iron Age III graveyards in the Aivan plain
Small things wide horizons : studies in honour of Birgitta Hårdh
Agriculture in Iron Age Israel
Hradiště by Stradonice : rebirth of a Celtic oppidum
Script and seal use on Cyprus in the Bronze and Iron Ages
Luistari. 1, The graves
Europe before Rome : a site-by-site tour of the Stone, Bronze, and Iron Ages
The splendour of power : early medieval kingship and the use of gold and silver in the southern North Sea area (5th to 7th century AD)
The chronology of the Early Iron Age in the Socialist Republic of Serbia
In the article I discuss the different functions and meanings of bronze bear-tooth pendants in the Finnish Late Iron Age (800-1150/1300 CE). I first focus on an analysis of the pendants in terms of archaeological methodology: chronology, typology and find context. The second focus on attention, and in this article the most important one, is on the interpretation on these pendants. They are usually interpreted as magical items, amulets. In my opinion this is not the only possible interpretation. I suggest that the pendants can be interpreted as magical or religious, but that their possible protective use as amulets does not exclude other functions, such as a decorative and/or social one. I emphasise the possibility that bear-tooth pendants may be linked to a symbolic form of expression involving the idea of control of the forest and wilderness. Finnish folk tradition and mythology point to a metaphoric and metonymic relationshiop on the one hand between the bear and the wilderness, on the otehr the bear and women. The bronze bear-tooth pendatns - possibly worn only by women - may have carried a symbolic message of control over the wilderness; this control could have been mythology-based and practised by ritual acts; at the same time it could also take the form of concrete acts, such as utilization of the wilderness: a fur-based economy and control over the fur trade.
Funerary ritual and symbolism : an interdisciplinary interpretation of burial practices in late Iron Age Finland
Luistari. III, A burial-ground reflecting the Finnish viking age society
Marks of Fire, Value and Faith : Swords with Ferrous Inlays in Finland during the Late Iron Age (ca. 700-1200 AD)
The ritual significance of slag in Finnish Iron Age burials
The European Iron Age
A corpus of Anglo-Saxon and medieval pottery from Lincoln
Boudicca's heirs : women in early Britain
The Iron Age in Northern Britain
Near Eastern destruction datings as sources for Greek and Near Eastern Iron Age chronology : archaeological and historical studies : the cases of Samaria (722 B.C.) and Tarsus (696 B.C.)
The Saxons and the Normans
Phrygia and the peoples of Anatolia in the Iron Age
Simris : on cultural connections of Scania in the Roman iron age
The iron age in lowland Britain
Different Iron Ages : studies on the Iron Age in Temperate Europe
Book of iron age Britain
Drevnosti Prikam’â = The antiquities of the Kama River region
Touched by a viking : tales of treasures
Textiles from Hallstatt : weaving culture in Bronze Age and Iron Age salt mines = Textilien Aus Hallstatt : Gewebte Kultur aus dem bronze- und eisenzeitlichen Salzbergwerk
Luistari. 2, The artefacts
Centre in the wilderness area : using a GIS in modelling Late Iron Age settlement in Eastern Finland
Beer-Sheba III : the early iron IIA enclosed settlement and the late iron IIA-iron IIB cities. Vol. I, Stratigraphy and architecture
Jewelry from the Iron Age II Levant
Rural economy in the early Iron Age : excavations at Hascherkeller, 1978-1981
The Iron Age cemetery of Magdalenska gora in Slovenia
From 2005 to 2008 archaeological excavations were carried out at the summit of the City of David under the directorship of Dr. Eilat Mazar on behalf of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. This volume presents the impressive remains of the Stepped Stone Structure of the palace of King David; the collapse of a structure destroyed by the Babylonians in 586 BCE and a section of Nehemiah's city wall erected in the 5th century BCE. These findings have dramatically altered previously held conceptions of the development of ancient Jerusalem and provide striking tangible evidence for its Biblical narratives. Volume 1 of the final report is 560 color pages.
The Iron Age in Italy
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Problems of research related to cremation cemeteries in Häme
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
"Tell en-Naṣbeh (biblical Mizpah of Benjamin) was excavated on a grand scale by William F. Badè of Pacific School of Religion between 1926 and 1935. His team uncovered approximately two-thirds of this eight-acre site, providing an unmatched view of a typical rural Israelite town in the hill country in the Iron Age. The studies included in this volume provide insights into the life ways of the inhabitants of this important border town. Until relatively recently excavations in the ancient Near East have focused on macro level questions involving political history and chronology. Often these efforts in Israel focused on elucidating biblical history itself and tying that world into the larger ancient world. Very often the daily lives of average Israelites were ignored, and materials associated with them left largely unstudied and relegated to lists at the ends of site reports. Since 1990, efforts have been underway to restudy Tell en-Naṣbeh to better understand aspects of daily life centered at this town. The present volume includes studies originally presented in a special session devoted to Tell en-Naṣbeh at the annual meeting of the American Schools of Oriental Research in 2011. The studies incorporate aspects of trade and economy, death and burial, metals, cooking, and water management. Also included are a study of the curation of the Tell en-Naṣbeh materials and records in Berkeley, California; an interview with William Badè Jr., who was at the excavations in 1935; and an up-to-date bibliography of publications related to the site"--Provided by publisher.
The prehistory of Denmark : from the Stone Age to the vikings
Belief and religion in barbarian Europe c. 350-700
The iron age in Britain : a review
Tracing their tracks : identification of Nordic styles from the Early Middle Ages to the end of the Viking period
From the field to the publication : the retrieval and presentation of pottery - a case study from Early Iron Age Tel Kinrot, Israel
Animal husbandry regimes in Iron Age Britain : a comparative study of faunal assemblages from British Iron Age sites
Megiddo V : the 2004-2008 seasons. Vol. 3
