http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25594 medical drama series
medical drama series
Why not?
House M. D.. Season two
Night rounds
House M. D. Season six
The mind's eye : an Inspector Van Veeteren mystery
Greyn anatomia = Grey's anatomy. 5. tuotantokausi, More moments
Getting on. Series two
The sixth man
Green wing. [1], The complete first season
Greyn anatomia = Grey's anatomy. 3. tuotantokausi, Seriously extended
The winter foundlings
Getting on. Series one
Body trauma TV : the new hospital dramas
Greyn anatomia = Grey's anatomy. 7. tuotantokausi, More heartbeats
Only when I laugh. Kaudet 3 & 4
House M. D. Season three
House M. D.. Season eight
Greyn anatomia = Grey's anatomy. 9. tuotantokausi, Everything changes
A madness so discreet
House M.D. Season one.
House M. D. Season five
The sandman
Laulava salapoliisi : The singing detective
Batman. Arkham asylum : a serious house on serious earth
Greyn anatomia = Grey's anatomy. 4. tuotantokausi, Expanded
The hostile hospital
The frozen dead
Greyn anatomia = Grey's anatomy. 6. tuotantokausi, More is better
The spectacular finale to the New York Times bestselling trilogy that began with Mr. Mercedes (winner of the Edgar Award) and Finders Keepers--In End of Watch, the diabolical "Mercedes Killer" drives his enemies to suicide, and if Bill Hodges and Holly Gibney don't figure out a way to stop him, they'll be victims themselves. In Room 217 of the Lakes Region Traumatic Brain Injury Clinic, something has awakened. Something evil. Brady Hartsfield, perpetrator of the Mercedes Massacre, where eight people were killed and many more were badly injured, has been in the clinic for five years, in a vegetative state. According to his doctors, anything approaching a complete recovery is unlikely. But behind the drool and stare, Brady is awake, and in possession of deadly new powers that allow him to wreak unimaginable havoc without ever leaving his hospital room. Retired police detective Bill Hodges, the unlikely hero of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers, now runs an investigation agency with his partner, Holly Gibney--the woman who delivered the blow to Hartsfield's head that put him on the brain injury ward. When Bill and Holly are called to a suicide scene with ties to the Mercedes Massacre, they find themselves pulled into their most dangerous case yet, one that will put their lives at risk, as well as those of Bill's heroic young friend Jerome Robinson and his teenage sister, Barbara. Brady Hartsfield is back, and planning revenge not just on Hodges and his friends, but on an entire city.  In End of Watch, Stephen King brings the Hodges trilogy to a sublimely terrifying conclusion, combining the detective fiction of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers with the heart-pounding, supernatural suspense that has been his bestselling trademark. The result is an unnerving look at human vulnerability and chilling suspense. No one does it better than King.
The Knick. The complete first season
Operative treatment of ovarian cancer and borderline tumors in different hospital categories in Finland
House M. D. Season four
The Knick. The complete second season
The 5th horseman
House M. D.. Season seven
End of watch : a novel
Laulava salapoliisi = The singing detective
Near the turn of the nineteenth century, Dr. Thornhollow helps teenaged Grace Mae escape from the Boston asylum where she was sent after becoming pregnant by rape, and takes her to Ohio where they put her intelligence and remarkable memory to use in trying to catch murderers / Library of Congress.
Only when I laugh. Kaudet 1 & 2
House M. D. Season one
House M.D. Season two.
House M. D. Season two
Black Jack. Volume 2
Getting on. The complete first season
Greyn anatomia = Grey's anatomy. 10. tuotantokausi, Live for the moments
Greyn anatomia = Grey's anatomy. 8. tuotantokausi, Extraordinary moments
