http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2552 exercise of power
exercise of power
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
Political Power in the U.S.S.R. 1917-1947 : the theory and structure of Government in the Soviet State
Blood brotherhoods : the rise of the Italian mafias
Around the globe, people are facing the same problem - that we are born as individuals but are forced to conform to the rules of society if we want to succeed. The author debunks the prevailing mythology of success and presents a radical new way to greatness. It also draws on interviews with world leaders.
The radicality of love
Scapegoat : a history of blaming other people
Social hierarchy and dominance
Male chauvinism : how it works at home and in the office
Summary in Russian.
History has focused on Hitler's use of charisma and terror, asserting that the dictator made few concessions to maintain power. Nathan Stoltzfus, the award-winning author of Resistance of Heart: Intermarriage and the Rosenstrasse Protest in Germany, challenges this notion, assessing the surprisingly frequent tactical compromises Hitler made in order to preempt hostility and win the German people's complete fealty. As part of his strategy to secure a "1,000-year Reich," Hitler sought to convince the German people to believe in Nazism so they would perpetuate it permanently and actively shun those who were out of step with society. When widespread public dissent occurred at home-which most often happened when policies conflicted with popular traditions or encroached on private life-Hitler made careful calculations and acted strategically to maintain his popular image. Extending from the 1920s to the regime's collapse, this revealing history makes a powerful and original argument that will inspire a major rethinking of Hitler's rule.
Apinoiden planeetta = Planet of the apes
Finnish summary.
The  policy- making process
Power and the state
Dialogical conversations on power abuse in couples treatment for intimate partner violence : a qualitative analysis of positions and dominance used in conversations
Reading sport : critical essays on power and representation
Control in a bureaucracy
Organization and environment : theory, issues and reality
For the first time, this new collection brings together country specialists, researchers on the European Union, and leading international relations scholars to tackle a crucial question: how compatible are today's new patterns of 'policy networks' and 'multi-level' governance with democratic standards? This important question is attracting attention both in political science and in political practices. In political science, the question is mainly dealt with in separated sub-disciplines, which focus on different levels of politics. So far, no serious exchange has actually taken place between authors working on these different levels. The editors of this book - both specialists of network and multi-level governance - show that although the issue is raised differently in the institutional settings of the national state, the European Union, or transnational governance, excellent insights can be gained by comparison across these settings. This major new contribution includes cutting edge work from junior scholars alongside chapters by leading specialists of governance such as Guy Peters, Jon Pierre, Philippe C. Schmitter and Thomas Risse. It also contains a collection of new case studies, theoretical conceptualisations and normative proposals for solutions dealing with the issue of democratic deficits, which all give the reader a better understanding of the most crucial problems and perspectives of democracy in different patterns of "governance" beyond conventional 'government' approaches. This is a valuable book for policy analysts, students of the European Union and international relations, and all students in social and political science.
Political power in the U. S. S. R., 1917-1947 : the theory and structure of government in the Soviet state
The new Machiavelli : how to wield power in the modern world
Imperial ambitions : conversations with Noam Chomsky on the post-9/11 world
Dinner with Mugabe : the untold story of a freedom fighter who became a tyrant
Small big : small changes that spark big influence
Degrees in violence : Robert Mugabe and the struggle for power in Zimbabwe
Truth like the Sun
That bitch : protect yourself against women with malicious intent
Mafia republic : Italy's criminal curse:  Cosa Nostra, Camorra and 'Ndrangheta from 1946 to the present
The darkening hour
Saving Grace
The anatomy of power
Abnormal : lectures at the Collège de France 1974-1975
Architecture of authority
Combating cult mind control
The concise mastery
The United Nations child policy : international games of morality and power
How the west was lost : fifty years of economic folly - and the stark choices ahead
Power : its forms, bases, and uses
Red notice : how I became Putin's no. 1. enemy
The fall of the governor. Part one
The 50th law
The brethren
Aristocrats : power, grace and decadence : Britain's great ruling classes from 1066 to the present
No ordinary love story
Bring up the bodies
The ideology of power and the power of ideology
The trial /cby Franz Kafka
Japan's China policy : a relational power analysis
Democracy in the Arab world : explaining the deficit
Queens consort, cultural transfer and European politics, c. 1500-1800
Politics as leadership
Catastrophe : what went wrong in Zimbabwe?
The emperor
Army and power in the ancient world
Red fortress : history and illusion in the Kremlin
The aftermath
Diagnosing Gender : transitivity analysis on the diagnostic category of gender dysphoria in DSM-5
The fountainhead
Word choice as an exercise of power in translation : a study of the translating educational texts aimed for the web
Keep the aspidistra flying
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
Indian traditions of management
Long hidden : speculative fiction from the margins of history
An assessment of power abuse under ethics philosophies
Children of the master
The young elites
Midwinter sacrifice
Colonial America : a history to 1763
Accepting authoritarianism : state-society relations in China's reform era
Raised from the ground
Political culture in later medieval England
Multidimensional interpretative option of the use of power
The ordinary person's guide to empire
Inside Egypt : the road to revolution in the land of the pharaohs
World of illusion, world of control : the lecture notes
Mafia Brotherhoods : Camorra, mafia, 'ndrangheta: the rise of the honoured societies
The castle
Politics : who gets what, when, how
The bubble of American supremacy : correcting the misuse of American power
The lost executioner : a journey to the heart of the killing fields
"In everyone's best intrest?" : kinship discourses surrounding adoption in Finland
Russia's political hospitals : the abuse of psychiatry in the Soviet Union
My way : Berlusconi in his own words
The shape we're in : how junk food and diets are shortening our lives
Our twisted hero
Influence : the psychology of persuasion
The Ladies of Missalonghi
School bullies' quest for power : implications for group dynamics and intervention
Our enemies in blue : police and power in America
Abstract in english.
Wolf Hall
The blue death
Queens Consort, Cultural Transfer and European Politics examines the roles that queens consort played in dynastic politics and cultural transfer between their natal and marital courts during the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries. This collection of essays analyses the part that these queens played in European politics, showing how hard and soft power, high politics and cultural influences, cannot be strictly separated. It shows that the root of these consorts' power lay in their dynastic networks and the extent to which they cultivated them. The consorts studied in this book come from territories such as Austria, Braunschweig, Hanover, Poland, Portugal, Prussia and Saxony and travel to, among other places, Britain, Naples, Russia, Spain and Sweden. The various chapters address different types of cultural manifestation, among them collecting, portraiture, panegyric poetry, libraries, theatre and festivals, learning, genealogical literature and architecture. The volume significantly shifts the direction of scholarship by moving beyond a focus on individual historical women to consider 'queens consort' as a category, making it valuable reading for students and scholars of early modern gender and political history.
Politics of Cain : one hudred years of crisis in Somali politics and society
Hitler's compromises : coercion and consensus in Nazi Germany
Animal farm and 1984
Rogue states : the rule of force in world affairs
In this provocative analysis of historical narrative, Michel-Rolph Trouillot demonstrates how power operates, often invisibly, at all stages in the making of history to silence certain voices. From the West's failure to acknowledge the Haitian Revolution, the most successful slave revolt in history, to the continued debate over denials of the Holocaust, and the meaning of Columbus's arrival in the Americas, Trouillot shows us that history is not simply the recording of facts and events, but a process of actively enforced silences, some unconscious, others quite deliberate.
The establishment
Wilful disregard : a novel about love
Presidential leadership : politics and policy making
Rumours and dictatorship
Impoliteness : using language to cause offence
The Sage handbook of governance
American mafia : a history of its rise to power
Psychiatric terror : How Soviet psychiatry is used to suppress dissent
Elspeth Hart and the school for show-offs
Congress and the presidency
American power and world order
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
The Rose society : a Young elites novel
Fifty shades of grey
The racket : a rogue reporter vs the masters of the universe
Season of the witch
When is language considered 'impolite'? Is impolite language only used for anti-social purposes? Can impolite language be creative? What is the difference between 'impoliteness' and 'rudeness'? Grounded in naturally-occurring language data and drawing on findings from linguistic pragmatics and social psychology, Jonathan Culpeper provides a fascinating account of how impolite behaviour works. He examines not only its forms and functions but also people's understandings of it in both public and private contexts. He reveals, for example, the emotional consequences of impoliteness, how it shapes and is shaped by contexts, and how it is sometimes institutionalised. This book offers penetrating insights into a hitherto neglected and poorly understood phenomenon. It will be welcomed by students and researchers in linguistics and social psychology in particular.
Strategy of deception
The army and politics in Indonesia
The sirens of Titan
Mastery
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
Engaging the powers : discernment and resistance in a world of domination
Conversational dominance in talk show interviews
The informationist
Governance : a very short introduction
Elites and power in British society
Governance and democracy : comparing national, European and international experiences
The abuse of power : an investigation of three factors in its development
Social psychology : the psychology of political domination
America goes backward
Why governments and parties manipulate elections : theory, practice, and implications
Authorities : conflicts, cooperation and transnational legal theory
Disability and discource analysis
Freebooters must die! : the life and death of William Walker, the most notorious filibuster of the nineteenth century
Takings : private property and the power of eminent domain
The good daughter : my mother's hidden life
Introduction to leadership : concepts and practice
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
J.M. Coetzee and the ethics of power : unsettling complicity, complacency, and confession
Stalin's instruments of terror : CHEKA, OGPU, NKVD, KGB from 1917 TO 1991
The trial
Silencing the past : power and the production of history
The end of power : from boardrooms to battlefields and churches to states, why being in charge isn't what it used to be
The handmaid's tale
Thinking about the logic and ethics of coercion
Notebooks of the young wife
The fear : the last days of Robert Mugabe
The Chinese Machiavelli : 3000 years of Chinese statescraft
Pyramids : a Discworld novel
The sins of the fathers
Michael Korda writes brilliantly and irreverently about what male chauvinism means, why men act the way they do toward women in business, marriage and sex--ways men are finally being asked to, forced to, abandon. He includes discussions with successful women such as Barbara Walters and Helen Gurley Brown.
The 48 laws of power
The new Tsar : the rise and reign of Vladimir Putin
Behind God's back
The followers
The ask and the answer
Diagnosing gender : transitivity analysis on the diagnostic category of gender dysphoria in DSM-5
Unmasking the powers : the invisible forces that determine human existence
Exercising power in social media
Abuse of psychiatry for political repression in the Soviet Union : hearing before the subcommittee to investigate the administration of the internal security act and other internal security laws of the Committee of the judiaciary United States senate ninety-second congress, second session, September 26, 1972
The caller
Tourism, resource access and power's modalities in Zanzibar, Tanzania : examining the linkages between tourism, coastal communities and the coastal environment
The civil servants : an inquiry into Britain's ruling class
Leading by example
