http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2557 Age of the Crusades
Age of the Crusades
The road to Jerusalem
The Crusades. Vol. 2, Crusading and crusader states 1095-1197
Chronicle of the Third Crusade : a translation of the Itinerarium peregrinorum et gesta Regis Ricardi
Age of faith
The Crusades. Vol. 3, Crusading and crusader states 1198-1336
The Crusades and the Near East : Cultural Histories
The dream and the tomb : a history of the Crusades
Chronicles of the Crusades : eye-witness accounts of the wars between Christianity and Islam
How to recover the Holy Land : the crusade proposals of the late thirteenth and early fourteenth centuries
On 4 July 1187 the legendary Muslim leader Saladin destroyed the Crusader army of the Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem with a terrible slaughter at the battle of Hattin - and went on to restore the Holy City of Jerusalem to Islamic rule. The carnage at Hattin was the culmination of almost a century of religious wars between Christians and Muslims in the Holy Land. It had enormous consequences for the whole medieval world because it produced an intensification of holy war between Islam and Europe for over another century - and in retrospect marked the beginning of the end for the Crusader presence in the Middle East. In the 20th century memory of the battle was revived as a symbol of Arab hope for liberation from Crusader-Imperialism, and in the 21st it has become a rallying cry for radical Muslim fundamentalists in their struggle for the soul of Islam. In this new volume in the 'Great Battles series', John France analyses the origins and course of this pivotal battle, illuminating the roots of the bitter hatred which underlay it, and explains its significance in world history - from medieval times to the present.
Children's graves and conversion to christianity in Finland
The first crusade and the idea of crusading : with a new introduction
From Viking to Crusader : the Scandinavians and Europe 800-1200
A history of the Crusades. 1, The first crusade and the foundation of the kingdom of Jerusalem
A history of the crusades. 2, The Kingdom of Jerusalem and the Frankish East 1100-1187
The christianisation of Finland : a case of want of power in a peripheral area
The Crusades is an area of rapidly expanding interest. Students increasingly see an understanding of the roots of religious violence and of interaction between Christian and Islamic cultures as a critical tool for citizenship in the modern world. This is borne out by the large number of general books written on crusading, from 'popular' narrative histories to more academic analyses. Not even the best general survey, however, can afford the level of detailed argument based on careful analysis of evidence that can be presented in a more narrowly focused article or essay. This collection makes available a group of carefully selected articles which, taken together, develop themes and problematics in crusading history.The articles include the papal reform movement, the development of a theory of holy war, the Reconquista in Spain, the theology of penance, pilgrimage and devotion to the Holy Land, the Seljuqs and the political dynamics of the Near East in the late 11th century, military and logistical technologies in crusading, the Islamic response under Nur ad-Din and Saladin and the fall of Jerusalem in 1187, the fall of the Ayyubid dynasty and the rise of the Mamluks, the emergence of the Mongols, the kingdom of Cyprus, the fall of the Crusader States 1260s-1291, crusading in the later Middle Ages, the treatment of indigenous peoples under western rule, the development of crusader visual culture in the east, church building, castles, settlement patterns and the economy of the crusader states. Comprehensively indexed and with an introduction by the editor, a leading expert in the field, "The Crusades" is a key work of reference destined to be an essential research and teaching resource.
The millennium between the breakup of the western Roman Empire and the Reformation was a long and hugely transformative period--one not easily chronicled within the scope of a few hundred pages. Yet distinguished historian Chris Wickham has taken up the challenge in this landmark book, and he succeeds in producing the most riveting account of medieval Europe in a generation. Tracking the entire sweep of the Middle Ages across Europe, Wickham focuses on important changes century by century, including such pivotal crises and moments as the fall of the western Roman Empire, Charlemagne's reforms, the feudal revolution, the challenge of heresy, the destruction of the Byzantine Empire, the rebuilding of late medieval states, and the appalling devastation of the Black Death. He provides illuminating vignettes that underscore how shifting social, economic, and political circumstances affected individual lives and international events. Wickham offers both a new conception of Europe's medieval period and a provocative revision of exactly how and why the Middle Ages matter.
Cathar castles : fortresses of the Albigensian crusade 1209 - 1300
The experience of crusading. Vol. 1, Western approaches
Denmark and Early Christianity in Finland
An illustrated history of the Crusades and the crusader knights : the history, myth and romance of the medieval knight on crusade, with over 400 stunning images of the battles, adventures, sieges, fortresses, triumphs and defeats
The fourth crusade : event and context
The meaning of weapons as grave goods : examples from two southwest Finnish Crusade Period cemeteries
East and West in the Crusader States : context - contacts - confrontations. 2, Acta of the congress held at Hernen Castle in May 1997
The Crusades
The art of the crusaders in the Holy Land, 1098-1187
Chivalry : the origins and history of the orders of knighthood
Knight : the medieval warrior's (unofficial) manual
Ad crucesignatos et crucesignandos : crusade preaching and the construction of the 'true' crusader in the 13th century
Culture clash or compromise? : the notion of boundary in the utilization of wilderness areas
Penannular brooches from Ryurikovo Gorodishche
Perdition : the crusader's last stand
Clergy divided : Clerical influence on politics in the First Kingdom of Jerusalem the nontemporary Latin view
The crusades influenced western European society in the middle ages far beyond the military campaigns themselves. Reactions and involvement did not always follow the assumptions of ideology or supporters, medieval or modern. In this wide ranging collection of articles spanning thirty years, Christopher Tyerman explores the relationships between action and perception, ambition and practice, propaganda and support. One section concentrates on the role the crusade played in the politics and elite culture of the early fourteenth century, particularly in France. A further series of essays examines the nature of crusading as a phenomenon from the twelfth to the sixteenth centuries, notably the contrasts between official, literary and popular reception, and how it was variously understood by contemporaries and promoted by apologists in England, continental Europe and the Baltic. Finally, the structure of crusading armies is explored in a sequence that analyses the organisation of expeditions, including communal decision-making on the First Crusade, the sociology of recruitment and, in a previously unpublished major study, the importance of pay to crusaders from 1096 onwards.
Contesting the crusades
Fenno-Ugri et Slavi 1997 : Cultural Contacts in the Area of the Gulf of Finland in the 9th - 13th Centuries
The last crusaders : the hundred-year battle for the centre of the world
The crusader states and their neighbours
The Middle Ages
Assassin's creed : PlayStation 3
Denmark and the Crusades, 1400-1650
Kingdoms of the crusaders : from Jerusalem to Cyprus
The crusades through Arab eyes
The templar magician
The Crusades from the perspective of Byzantium and the Muslim world
Assassin's creed : Xbox 360
Crusaders and crusading in the twelfth century
The practices of crusading : image and action from the eleventh to the sixteenth centuries
Crusader castles in the Holy Land 1192-1302
Alliances and treaties between Frankish and Muslim rulers in the Middle East : cross-cultural diplomacy in the period of the Crusades
The Northern crusades : the Baltic and the Catholic frontier 1100-1525
Coinage of the crusades and the Latin East : in the Ashmolean Museum Oxford
Historia renarrata : early Benedictine revisions of the First Crusade
Coin datings in Finnish archaeology
Crusades : the illustrated history
The invention of the Crusades
Coins, radiocarbon and stratigraphy : dating methods and their problems in connection with inhumation graves of Kappelinmäki in Lappeenranta and other Karelian cemeteries
The forgotten crusaders : Poland and the crusader movement in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries
The Chanson des chétifs and Chanson de Jérusalem : completing the central trilogy of the Old French crusade cycle
Saladin : hero of Islam
Forts & castles / Masterpieces of architecture
The first crusaders, 1095-1131
Coins of the crusader states 1098-1291 : including the Kingdom of Jerusalem and its vassal states of Syria and Palestine, the Lusignan Kingdom of Cyprus (1192-1489), and the Latin Empier of Constantinople and its vassal states of Greece and the Archipelago
The crusades
Solomon's thieves. Book one
KNIGHTS OF THE CRUSADES
Where was the Enfances Godefroi written
Crusade and conversion on the Baltic frontier 1150-1500
Crusading in the twelfth century was less a series of discrete events than a manifestation of an endemic phenomenon that touched almost every aspect of life at that time. This book includes various versions of Giles Constable's classic essays on medieval crusading, along with two major studies on the cross of the crusaders and the Fourth Crusade.
An illustrated history of the Knights Templar
The northern crusades : the Baltic and the Catholic frontier, 1100-1525
Medieval history writing and crusading ideology
Pollen records from the site of the Rääkkylä boat find, dated to ca AD 1200.
Crusading and chronicle writing on the medieval Baltic frontier : a companion to the Chronicle of Henry of Livonia
The powder of death
The templars : history & myth
Jerusalem the Golden : the origins and impact of the first crusade
1204 : the unholy crusade
Massacre at Montségur : history of the Albigensian crusade
Crusade. 4 : The fire beaks
Crusade, commerce, and culture
Saladin : prince of chivalry
Constantinople and its hinterland : papers from the twenty-seventh Spring Symposium of Byzantine studies, Oxford, April 1993
The first crusade 1096-99 : conquest of the Holy Land
What were the Crusades?
Crusader Syria in the thirteenth century : the Rothelin continuation of the History of William of Tyre with part of the Eracles or Acre text
Birth of the kingdom
This collection brings together new work by an international cast of distinguished scholars, who explore areas as diverse as the military and ecclesiastical aspects of the First Crusade; its representation in contemporary sculpture; and the way it has been portrayed in modern fiction and film. Further contributions analyse and compare primary sources and historiography, and yet others consider the crusade in its Mediterranean context, which is sometimes overlooked. These definitive studies of established areas of research are augmented by the ground-breaking work of a number of early-career academics who are working in relatively new areas: the 'emotional language' used in the narrative sources; the memorialization of the crusades; and the use of literary sources for crusade studies: notably there are complementary papers on the heroes and villains depicted in the Old French poetic accounts of the First Crusade. In these twenty-one essays every historian and interested reader of medieval history will find illumination and food for thought.
A chronicle that offers many opportunities to test and broaden the various approaches and key concepts brought along by developments in medieval studies, including the pluralist definition of crusading and the relationship between the peripheries and core areas of Europe.
The old French chronicle of Morea : an account of Frankish Greece after the Fourth Crusade
Crusader castles in the Holy Land 1097-1192
Usama ibn Munqidh : warrior-poet of the age of Crusades
The Finnish population of the medieval cities of Northern Russia
The crusades, Christianity, and Islam
The Scandinavian Baltic crusades, 1100-1500
The first crusade and the idea of crusading
Crusade propaganda and ideology : model sermons for the preaching of the cross
The Templar knight
The Oxford illustrated history of the Crusades
Marks of Fire, Value and Faith : Swords with Ferrous Inlays in Finland during the Late Iron Age (ca. 700-1200 AD)
Historical atlas of the crusades
Encyclopedia of the crusades
The Book of deeds of James I of Aragon : a translation of the medieval Catalan Llibre dels fets
Power and conversion : a comparative study of Christianization in Scandinavia
A history of the Crusades. Vol. 2, The later crusades, 1189-1311
"The publication of this new translation of the Jérusalem and the Chétifs allows readers to take a complete view of this poetic trilogy about the First Crusade as the author originally intended. It makes accessible to readers the central texts of one of the key epic cycles of Old French literature which is of unique interest because of its portrayal of relatively recent events. It also gives readers an insight into the process of transforming history into legend, which arguably is of wider interest than just the history of the First Crusade" --
East, west and south in Crusade Period Häme : the Kärkölä pendant icon and pendant crosses from Häme
Historia Ierosolimitana = History of the journey to Jerusalem
New studies of viking age and medieval swords from the collection of the National Museum of Finland
God's war : a new history of the Crusades
The Crusades. Vol. 4, Crusading cultures
On the factors influencing the formation and development of Karelian culture between the eleventh and thirteenth centuries
The lord of the ring : a facies Christi finger ring from the crusade period cemetery in Taskula, Turku parish
Crusade. 3 : The Master of Machines
This text represents a contribution to the history of the Northern crusades and the Chritianization of the Baltic lands in the Middle Ages, from the beginnings of the Catholic mission to the time of the Reformation. Topics covered include: discussions of the ideology and practice of crusade and conversion, studies of the motivation of the crusading countries (Denmark, Sweden and Germany), the effects of the crusades on the eastern Baltic coast (Finland, Estonia, Livonia, Prussia and Lithuania), and an analysis of the literature and historiography of the crusade. The book brings together essays from the western tradition adn essays from the modern Baltic countries and Russia.
Bead finds from the Viking and Crusade Periods : indicators of cultural contacts or ethnic identity?
The jester
Prester John : the legend and its sources
Jerusalem in the North : Denmark and the Baltic Crusades 1100-1522
East and West in the Crusader States : context - contacts - confrontations : acta of the congress held at Hernen Castle in May 1993
God wills it! : an illustrated history of the crusades
God's war : a new history of the crusades
The deeds of the Franks and other Jerusalem-bound pilgrims : the earliest chronicle of the first crusades
The Crusades, 1095-1197
A late Iron Age silver deposit found at Nanguniemi, Inari, Finland
The jester : a novel
The Routledge companion to the crusades
