http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25561 reading groups
reading groups
The lucky ones : a bright young things novel
The reading group handbook : everything you need to know to start your own book club
Good book, good library, good reading : studies in the history of the book, libraries and reading from the network Hibolire and its friends
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 13, Jonathan & Katusha
The quick
The genesis of modernism : Seurat, Gauguin, van Gogh, & French symbolism in the 1880's
A history of the Royal College of Physicians of London. Vol 4
The tessera of Antilia : utopian brotherhoods & secret societies in the early seventeenth century
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. [1]
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 10, "When you're smiling"
The discourse of reading groups : integrating cognitive and sociocultural perspectives
Lord John and the hand of devils
The Hell-Fire clubs : sex, Satanism and secret societies
Of interest in their own terms as a significant cultural practice, reading groups also provide a window on the everyday interpretation of literary texts. While reading is often considered a solitary process, reading groups constitute a form of social reading, where interpretations are produced and displayed in discourse. The Discourse of Reading Groups is a study of such joint conceptual activity, and how this is necessarily embedded in interpersonal activity and the production of reader identities. Uniquely in this context it draws on, and seeks to integrate, ideas from both cognitive and social linguistics. The book will be of interest to scholars in literacy studies as well as cultural and literary studies, the history of reading, applied linguistics and sociolinguistics, digital technologies and educational research.
The influence of migration on Finnish cultural identity in the twentieth century : some preliminary considerations
Mansfield park
Angels and deamons
Georges Seurat : the art of vision
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 1.
Seurat and the Bathers
Sense and sensibility / with an introduction by Margaret Anne Doody and new notes by Claire Lamont
Scientific institutions and practice in France and Britain, c.1700-c.1870
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 4.
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 12, Alan & Donna
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 17, Emanuel & Tania
Bohemia in London : the social scene of early modernism
The Ultimate... Ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 2.
Summary: "The necessity for the Lending Library" : the introduction of the modern "desire to read" into Finland and the institutions of reading.
The Secret Paris of the 30's
Lady Catherine and the real Downton Abbey
Underdogs : the unlikely story of football's first FA Cup heroes
Seurat and the making of La Grande Jatte
Sitka Lutheran Church celebrates its 150th years : the Finnish legacy in Russian Alaska
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 11, Jonathan & Katusha
The last generation of English Catholic clergy : parish priests in the diocese of Coventry and Lichfield in the early sixteenth century
Proof of the Illuminati : containing an abstract of the most interesting parts of what Dr. Robison and the Abbe Barruel have published on this subject, with collateral proofs and general observations
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 9, "Scarlet ribbons"
Bright young things
Georges Seurat : the drawings
This fascinating portrait of the Society of Antiquaries of London, founded in 1707, assesses the impact that individual Fellows and the Society as a whole have had in influencing the way we visualise and understand the past. There are, for example, essays on the Society's pioneering role in recording monuments and antiquities for posterity, in establishing the scientific and empirical basis of archaeological studies, in replacing Biblically based timeframes with a clearer understanding of deep time measured in millions of years, in drawing up the first legislation protecting ancient monuments, and in funding and publishing the great excavations of the last one hundred years, from Stonehenge, Maiden Castle, Richborough and Sutton Hoo to Aksum (Ethiopia) and Mons Porphyrites (Egypt).All the papers represent fresh and original scholarship and they tell us much about the Society's achievements (and some of the accompanying conflicts between personalities and ideas) over three hundred years. They are based on diaries, letters, minute books and confidential government papers and on portraits that chart the changing image of the antiquary from a figure of fun to heroic seeker of forgotten people and civilizations. "Visions of Antiquity" reveals astonishing echoes across time - from the repeated and continuing attempts to record all ancient buildings and monuments to the continuity of the title 'antiquary' to describe scholars who build bridges between different branches of knowledge based on the study of material remains of the past and of a Fellowship whose numbers have included prime ministers, bishops, peers and parliamentarians, as well as radicals and free thinkers, such as William Morris and many of the founders of modern conservation.
The picture of Dorian Gray
The Austro-Slav revival: a study of nineteenth-century literary foundations
Selling the church : the English parish in law, commerce, and religion, 1350-1550
Aemula lauri : the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters, 1760-2010
Paris fashion : a cultural history
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
Sport organizations in society : a study on sport club membership structures in Finland in the 1980s and 1990s
A short history of the Amur Society (the Black Dragons) 1901-1945
The thousandth floor
Celebrity
Abstract.
The house of mirth
The triumph of watercolour : the early years of the Royal Watercolour Society 1805-55
'Only connect' : learned societies in nineteenth-century Britain
The age of innocence
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for dancing and listening. 5, "Bang Bang"
Science reorganized : scientific societies in the eighteenth century
Visions of antiquity : the Society of Antiquaries of London, 1707-2007
The Ultimate... Ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 3.
THE BEAUTIFUL AND DAMNED
Abstract: The Ideal of volunteerism : an institutional approach to social welfare work in the parishes of the Diocese of Porvoo especially in the deaneries of Iitti and Tampere, Finland, in the years 1897-1923.
