http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25538 econometric models
econometric models
Monetary policy under uncertainty : historical origins, theoretical foundations, and empirical evidence
Demand for food products in Finland : a demand system approach
Econometric modelling with time series : specification, estimation and testing
Market risk and financial markets modeling
Global and national macroeconometric modelling : a long-run structural approach
Modelling the economy and the environment
Econometric models and economic forecasts
Optimal stocking level and harvesting with stochastic prices
Econometric models of Finnish non-industrial private forest owners' timber supply and timber stock
Industrial organization studies on pharmaceutical markets
Abstract.
Models of the Chinese economy
Using R for introductory econometrics
Bayesian applications in dynamic econometric models
Abstract (1 s.).
International trade theory and policy
Complexity and geographical economics : topics and tools
Economic modeling and inference
Statistical foundations of econometric modelling
Econometric modelling of agricultural commodity markets
Valuation of reduced eutrophication in the Gulf of Finland : choice experiment with attention to heterogeneous and discontinuous preferences and respondent uncertainty
Time on the cross. The economics of American Negro slavery
An introduction to Bayesian inference in econometrics
Essays on expectations and the econometrics of asset pricing
Handbook of Microsimulation Modelling
Regional entry and exit of firms
An introduction to analysis of financial data with R
Application of the analysis of demand for health to the construction of a MIMIC-disability index : with special reference to the measurement of effectiveness of surgical management of brain tumor patients
Intensive variable and its application
The economic theory of income inequality
Location theory and decision analysis : analytics of spatial information technology
Financial valuation and econometrics
Factor substitution in the Finnish pulp and paper industry
Econometric forecasting of commodity prices and exchange rates
An economic analysis of regulation by conditional permits
From small to large : a systematic comparison of gradually more complex econometric models
The financial block in the econometric model KOSMOS
Increased energy efficiency and the rebound effect : effects on consumption and emissions
Is little brother nothing but trouble? : educational attainment, returns to schooling and sibling structure
Application of the analysis of demand for health to the construction of a mimic-disability index : with special reference to the measurement of effectiveness of surgical management of brain tumor patients
The ABCs of RBCs : an introduction to dynamic macroeconomic models
How economists model the world into number
Misspecification and bootstrap tests in multivariate time series models with conditional heteroskedasticity
Econometric models on the Finnish roundwood market
Temporal aggregation of an econometric equation
The structural econometric time series analysis approach
"Maximum likelihood estimation is a general method for estimating the parameters of econometric models from observed data. The principle of maximum likelihood plays a central role in the exposition of this book, since a number of estimators used in econometrics can be derived within this framework. Examples include ordinary least squares, generalized least squares and full-information maximum likelihood. In deriving the maximum likelihood estimator, a key concept is the joint probability density function (pdf) of the observed random variables, yt. Maximum likelihood estimation requires that the following conditions are satisfied. (1) The form of the joint pdf of yt is known. (2) The specification of the moments of the joint pdf are known. (3) The joint pdf can be evaluated for all values of the parameters, 9. Parts ONE and TWO of this book deal with models in which all these conditions are satisfied. Part THREE investigates models in which these conditions are not satisfied and considers four important cases. First, if the distribution of yt is misspecified, resulting in both conditions 1 and 2 being violated, estimation is by quasi-maximum likelihood (Chapter 9). Second, if condition 1 is not satisfied, a generalized method of moments estimator (Chapter 10) is required. Third, if condition 2 is not satisfied, estimation relies on nonparametric methods (Chapter 11). Fourth, if condition 3 is violated, simulation-based estimation methods are used (Chapter 12). 1.2 Motivating Examples To highlight the role of probability distributions in maximum likelihood estimation, this section emphasizes the link between observed sample data and 4 The Maximum Likelihood Principle the probability distribution from which they are drawn"--
Demand for Finnish exports of forest products : econometric analyses using time series data
A computational procedure to measure business cycles
Economic-ecological interactions in sustainable use of forest resources
Political effectiveness of agricultural policies : an empirical analysis
"This book provides a general framework for specifying, estimating, and testing time series econometric models"--
Handbook of volatility models and their applications
Models of the green firm
