http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25592 war journalism
war journalism
Regarding the pain of others
Secret state, silent press : new militarism, the Gulf and the modern image of warfare
The new military humanism : lessons from Kosovo
Scorpion down : sunk by the soviets, buried by the Pentagon: the untold story of the USS Scorpion
Hitler's airwaves : the inside story of Nazi radio broadcasting and propaganda swing
War is only half the story : the aftermath project. Volume 1
Men at war 1914-1918 : national sentiment and trench journalism in France during the First World War
This bachelor's thesis examines the way the insurgency and war in Afghanistan are  portrayed in the press. The primary objective of the study was to compare a Canadian  newspaper, Globe & Mail with a Finnish newspaper, Helsingin Sanomat concerning the  wartime news on Afghanistan. Other objectives were to discuss how journalism  portrays war operations in Afghanistan and how journalists can influence their  respective audiences.    The thesis consists of a theoretical section and a discussion reflecting the study. The  theoretical background examines the characteristics of journalism, print media and  content analysis as a research method.    The study was based on qualitative research, carried out by gathering articles  concerning Afghanistan and war operations there, from both the Finnish and the  Canadian newspapers. The articles were all from the same time period, December  2009.    Although literature often suggest the role of propaganda in war journalism is strong,  the results of my comparative study showed that both the Finnish and Canadian  newspapers remained rather objective. The main difference between the two  publications was that the Globe & Mail reported more narratively, while Helsingin  Sanomat reported more objectively.    However, this study was quite narrow and the results should not be taken as a general  trend concerning wartime journalism.
A history of the international movement of journalists : professionalism versus politics
Notable essayist explores the use of images of war and terror in popular culture.
Emphasising the significance of foreign languages at the centre of war and conflict, this book argues that 'foreignness' and foreign languages are key to our understanding of what happens in war. Through case studies the book traces the role of languages in intelligence, military deployment, soldier/civilian meetings, occupation and peace building.
Gendering war and peace reporting : some insights - some missing links
The violence of the image : photography and international conflict
Journalism
English summary: The U. S. press and the Finnish crisis, 1941.
Media control : the spectacular achievements of propaganda
Transforming media coverage of violent conflicts : the new face of war
Sarajevo daily : a city and its newspaper under siege
Journalism and the new world order. Vol. 1, Gulf war, national news discourses and globalization
A comparative case sudy : case - media coverage of the war in Afghanistan as reported in the Globe & Mail and Helsingin Sanomat
War and photography : a cultural history
U.S. and the others : global media images on "The war on terror"
This is war! : Robert Capa at work
Tripoli witness
Desert storm and the mass media
Writing media histories : Nordic views
Reporting war : journalism in wartime
War on words : who should protect journalists?
Mediatized conflict : developments in media and conflict studies
The liberation of Europe : the photographers who captured history from D-Day to Berlin
Regarding the pain of others / Susan Sontag
Freedom of expression and media in transition : studies and reflections in the digital age
"In the twenty-first century, the advent of digital photography, camera phones and social media platforms has altered the relationship between photographers, the medium and the audience- as well as contributing to an ongoing blurring of the boundaries between news and entertainment and professional and amateur journalism. The Violence of the Image explores how new vernacular and artistic modes of photographic production articulate international friction."--Page 4 of cover.
The Kosovo news and propaganda war
Combat reporter : Don Whitehead's World War II diary and memoirs
From Saigon to Sarajevo : mass media in times of war
The media at war : the press and the Persian Gulf conflict : a report of the Gannett Foundation
The media of conflict : war reporting and representations of ethnic violence
Body horror : photojournalism, catastrophe and war
Reporting conflict
An Australian-born, London-based journalist and TV documentarian, Pilger might be thought of as Noam Chomsky with a journalist's chops, given his ability to unpack the power relations in the events he chronicles and his trenchant reports from the field. This hefty collection of his dispatches and essays, some of which began as items in the Guardian and the New Statesman, concerns ""slow news."" In Pilger's words, ""slow news"" consists of stories that unfold in the shadows of fast-breaking, world-shaking events, but fail to register in a mass media dominated by infotainment--stories like the death of Iraqi civilians, the exploitation of Haitian children, the forced demise of the Caribbean banana trade. Pilger's most accessible polemics are grounded in reporting, as when he observes the ""refined absurdity"" of an arms fair or depicts an arms dealer claiming to be a ""simple businessman."" Better still are his reports from Burma, where he not only met the resolute dissident Aung San Suu Kyi but also filmed slave laborers. Pilger's attack on the British media, from the BBC to Rupert Murdoch, whose headquarters at Wapping, England, he calls ""a cultural Chernobyl,"" may fail to interest an American readership. But his accounts of the newly democratized South Africa and Vietnam's deprivations under World Bank-imposed strictures remind us that globalization does not lift all boats. Pilger sounds self-righteous at times and occasionally overstates his case: the mainstream media is not nearly so silent as he charges. But these essays pack a powerful punch, raising questions thathis peers in the news trade can ill afford to ignore.
Political communication and social theory
The photographer
Tides of war : world news reporting 1931-1945
Picturing Afghanistan : the photography of foreign conflict
A dirty war : a Russian reporter in Chechnya
Reporting World War II. 1, American journalism 1938-1944
Photographs
The first casualty : the war correspondent as hero and myth-maker from the Crimea to Kosovo
Wartime journalism, 1939-1943
Photojournalism in war and armed conflicts : professional photography and the framing of victimhood in world press photos of the year
"This is Berlin" : radio broadcasts from Nazi Germany
New wars, new media and new war journalism : professionalism and legal challenges in conflict reporting
Global TV : new media and the Cold War, 1946-69
Toinen Eurooppa = The other Europe
Chinese reportage : the aesthetics of historical experience
The face of war
Triumph of the image : the media's war in the Persian Gulf : a global perspective
Journalism in conflict and post-conflict conditions : worldwide perspectives
The chapter considers the global impacts of digital communication technolo- gies and how they can influence media pluralism and media freedom as well as the ways in which legal systems aim to support and protect them. Electronic communication and technical developments have in fact contributed to enor- mous changes in daily life. They have also promoted important economic, social and cultural transformations. The new digital environment has become an essential space used for various purposes not strictly informational. In addi- tion, digital communication technologies are regarded as necessary instru- ments for having full enjoyment of a series of rights, including the right to access knowledge and information, the right to communicate, the right to culture and the right to participate in society. This new situation also implies that all people should have access to these technological innovations at affordable conditions, and that any restrictions should be strictly limited and proportionate. As online networks are considered a particularly well-designed space for pluralism and cultural diversity, their freedom and openness should be pro- tected and enhanced. In particular, the principle of an open and unrestricted Internet – as it was originally conceived – should be considered an essential precondition for any regulatory measure taken with regard to it. Digital Media Pluralism.
The war correspondents : the Crimean War
Languages at war : policies and practices of language contacts in conflict
Media voices : the James Cameron Memorial Lectures
News, public relations and power
Camus at Combat : writing 1944-1947
War photography : realism in the British press
Here I am : the story of Tim Hetherington, war photographer
Masters of photography.a thematic history
Wars are now mediated in unprecedented ways and through a variety of communicative forms. Correspondingly, there is an increasing awareness among those involved in war of the need to gauge and manage what is communicated. Communicating War: Media, Memory and Military contextualises these developments by locating the emergence of recent wars and terrorist activity in a wider frame of global socio-political change, highlighting the social, political and historical aspects of 'communicating war'. This includes: the remembering and forgetting of wars through cultures of collective memory and media selectivity; the organization, practice and culture of media institutions in the mediation of war information; and the strategic use of information by military institutions and terrorist organizations in the execution of war and terrorist acts. Remaining sensitive to the complexities of conflict, the book moves beyond a focus on UK and US interventions and reflects upon the communication of war in relation to all forms of conflict, particularly terrorism and under reported civil conflicts. Adopting a multi-disciplinary approach, Communicating War: Memory, Media, Military will be of interest to students in journalism, media, war and peace studies, international relations and international politics. Contributors include practitioners from within the journalistic and military communities and international scholars from a broad range of social sciences: Stuart Allan, David Altheide, Chris Atton, Oliver Boyd-Barrett , Nico Carpentier, Neal Curtis, Richard Keeble, Andrew Hoskins, Makram Khoury-Machool, Sarah Maltby, Donald Matheson, Lara Pawson, Ron Schleifer, Martin Shaw, Angus Taverner, John Tulloch, Howard Tumber and Jeremy Tunstall.
In Reporting Conflict, a correspondent turned lecturer draws on his personal experience of journalism in wartime. The author, James Rodgers, has reported on world-changing conflicts. The book combines reflection on this personal experience with an assessment of other accounts of journalism in wartime, and academic studies on the subject.
Kiosk : eine Geschichte der Fotoreportage 1839-1973 = A history of photojournalism
Selling war : the role of the mass media in hostile conflicts from World War I to the "war on terror"
Good morning, Vietnam
Communicating war : memory, media and military
Case studies on international norms and journalism
Burke + Norfolk : photographs from the war in Afganistan by John Burke and Simon Norfolk
The first casualty : the war correspondent as hero and myth-maker from the Crimea to Iraq
In this comprehensive, practical guide, award-winning photojournalist Stacy Pearsall offers the techniques, guidance, and inspiration needed to succeed in the dynamic and exciting field of photojournalism.
Journalism and the new world order. Vol. 2, Studying war and the media
Theatre and war : theatrical responses since 1991
Televising war : from Vietnam to Iraq
Frontlines : conflict in the 21st century
Robert Capa : the definitive collection
Media and political process
Allah o Akbar : a journey through militant Islam
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic Sea area
War stories : the culture of foreign correspondents
Heart of Spain : Ropert Capaś photographs of the spanish civil war
We saw Spain die : foreign correspondents in the Spanish Civil War
Social media and the politics of reportage : the 'Arab Spring'
Civil society and media in global crises : representing distant violence
"A History of the International Movement of Journalists reviews how journalism evolved as a profession since the late nineteenth century and how journalists became internationally organized over the past one hundred and twenty years. The story begins in Antwerp in 1894, when the International Union of Press Associations was founded to link 'press people' of different European countries, continuing in Paris and Geneva in 1926 with the first international association of professional journalists, the F ed eration Internationale des Journalistes, leading after World War II to the establishment of a worldwide association, the International Organization of Journalists in Copenhagen in 1946, only to be torn apart by the Cold War, which in 1952 gave rise to the International Federation of Journalists. Each of these associations had difficulties in navigating between professionalism and the politics of their time. This vital part of media history has never before been presented in full"--From publisher's website.
Afghanistan : the road to Kabul
The hour : kausi 1
A photojournalist's field guide : in the trenches with combat photographer Stacy Pearsall
