http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25593 crime series
crime series
The Sopranos : series 6. Part I
Columbo. The complete first season
High heat : a Jack Reacher novella
The bat
The Sopranos : complete series 1
Breaking bad. The complete second season
Dexter : the final season. 8. tuotantokausi
Just one more thing : stories from my life
The Sopranos : complete series 2
Law & order. The second year
Damages. The complete first season
Columbo. The complete third season
Twin peaks FAQ : all that's left to know about a place both wonderful and strange
Twin Peaks
Law & order : criminal intent. The second year
Bones : the official companion
Columbo. The complete sixth & seventh season
The last time I saw her : a novel
American TV detective dramas : serial investigations
Numb3rs. The final season
Breaking bad. The complete third season
Everything she ever wanted
I am your judge : a novel
The Sopranos : complete series 5
Columbo. The complete second season
Backstrom : the complete series
Library of the dead
From dusk till dawn. Season one
Numb3rs. The fifth season
Detective
The cutting
Damages. The complete second season
Murder, she wrote. The complete first season
Brit noir : the pocket essential guide to british crime fiction, film & TV of the British Isles
The Sopranos : complete series 4
On the Wire
After her : a novel
Damages. The complete third season
Sons of anarchy. 4. tuotantokausi
The informant
Breaking bad. The complete fourth season
Happy Valley. Season 1
The fury
Sons of anarchy. 3. tuotantokausi
The TV detective : voices of dissent in contemporary television
Numb3rs. The third season
Monk. Season one
Law & order : criminal intent. The first year
The Sopranos : complete series 3
The Sopranos : series 6. Part II
Man in a suitcase : original soundtrack
Columbo : the complete sixth & seventh season
Breaking bad. The final season
For most of the twentieth century, the private eye dominated crime fiction and film, a lone figure fighting for justice, often in opposition to the official representatives of law and order. More recently, however, the police have begun to take center stage?as exemplified by the runaway success of TV police procedurals like Law and Order. In Crime Uncovered: Detective, Barry Forshaw offers an exploration of some of the most influential and popular fictional police detectives in the history of the genre. Taking readers into the worlds of such beloved authors as P. D. James, Henning Mankell, Jo Nesbø, Ian Rankin, and Håkan Nesser, this book zeroes in on the characteristics that define the iconic characters they created, discussing how they relate to their national and social settings, questions of class, and to the criminals they relentlessly pursue. Showing how the role of the authority figure has changed?and how each of these writers creates characters who work both within and against the strictures of official investigations?the book shows how creators cleverly subvert expectations of both police procedure and the crime genre itself.
Medium. The sixth season
Monk. The complete season two
Case sensitive : the point of rescue
Women who kill : profiles of female serial killers
Law & order : Special Victims Unit. The first year
Taistelupari = Dempsey and Makepeace. Kausi 1.
Breaking bad. The fifth season
Breaking bad. The complete first season
Columbo. The complete fourth season
Numb3rs. The fourth season
Durham County. Season 3
Damages. The final season
Five daughters
Damages. The complete fourth season
Columbo. The complete tenth season, volume 1.
Totuuden anatomia = Body of proof. 2. tuotantokausi
Fargo. the complete first season
Numb3rs. The second season
The Sopranos : born under a bad sign
Koira haudattuna = Jake and the Fatman. 2. kausi
Durham County. Season 1
Numb3rs. The first season
The TV crime drama
Brit noir : the pocket essential guide to the crime fiction, film & TV of the British Isles
Above suspicion. 1-3
Backstrom. The Complete Series
Murder, she wrote. The complete first season, Episodes 1-21, plus pilot
