http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25502 genre theory
genre theory
The cinema book
Cinema studies : the key concepts
Film theory and philosophy
A theory of the classical novel
Forms of modernity : Don Quixote and modern theories of the novel
Film studies : the essential resource
An introduction to studying popular culture
The time of the city : politics, philosophy, and genre
Doing film studies : a subject guide for students
Worlds of written discourse : a genre-based view
Popular culture genres : theories and texts
New waves in aesthetics
Sign takes for wonders : on the sosiology of literary forms
Genre - text - interpretation : multidisciplinary perspectives on folklore and beyond
Film theory and criticism : introductory readings
Everyone worth knowing : on translating culture-bound brand-related chick lit
Reading contemporary performance : theatricality across genres
The critical practice of film : an introduction
Communicative purposes of press releases announcing reduction in workforce
Film studies : an introduction
The shifting definitions of genre : essays on labeling films, television shows and media
Auto/biographical discourses : theory, criticism, practice
This is a boldly original history of the novel from ancient Greece to the vibrant world of contemporary fiction. Thomas Pavel argues that the driving force behind the novel's evolution has been a rivalry between stories that idealize human behavior and those that ridicule and condemn it. Impelled by this conflict, the novel moved from depicting strong souls to sensitive hearts and, finally, to enigmatic psyches. Pavel makes his case by analyzing more than a hundred novels from Europe, North and South America, Asia, and beyond. The result is a wide-ranging survey of the novel and a provocative reinterpretation of its development
The theory of the novel : new essays
The Bakhtin circle : philosophy, culture and politics
Literature, in theory : tropes, subjectivities, responses and responsibilities
Signs taken for wonders : essays in the sociology of literary forms
Studies in oral narrative
The language of film
African literature : an anthology of criticism and theory
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng.
Folkloristic theories of genre
The true story of the novel
The novelness of Bakhtin : perspectives and possibilities
The seductions of biography
International companion encyclopedia of children's literature
Writing management : organization theory as a literary genre
This handbook brings together a combination of traditional and contemporary methods for literary analysis of fiction, drama, and poetry, making it a wide-ranging and accessible reference tool. With a companion website providing summaries and additional resources, it provides a balance of academic rigor and practical information.
"Histories of science fiction often discuss Fritz Lang's Metropolis as a classic text within the genre--yet the term "science fiction" had not been invented at the time of the film's release. Does retroactive assignment to a genre change our understanding of a film? These provocative questions are at the heart of this book"--
Modern genre theory
Feminist literary theory : a reader
From acting to performance : essays in modernism and postmodernism
Investment research as a genre : a look at some aspects in translation
Theory of prose
The hidden adult : defining children's literature
Rhetorics of fantasy
Genre knowledge in disciplinary communication : cognition, culture, power
Moving pictures : a new theory of film genres, feelings and cognition
Modernism, post-modernism, realism : a critical perspective for art
This volume brings together for the first time pragmatic, rhetorical, and literary perspectives on genre, mapping theoretical frontiers and initiating a long overdue conversation amongst these methodologies. The diverse approaches represented in this volume meet on common ground staked by Internet communication: an arena challenging to traditional ideas of genre which assume a conventional stability at odds with the unceasing innovations of online discourse. Drawing on and developing new ideas of genre, the research reported in this volume shows, on the contrary, that genre study is a powerful means of testing commonplaces about the Internet world and, in turn, that the Internet is a fertile field for theorising genre.
Genres in the Internet : issues in the theory of genre
The lives of the novel : a history
Screenwriting
Genre and interpretation
The architext : an introduction
Children's literature : theory, research, and teaching
Language, gender and children's fiction
The English handbook : a guide to literary studies
Representing reality : issues and concepts in documentary
The poetics of Norman Mailer's nonfiction : self-reflexivity, literary form, and the rhetoric of narrative
Narrative and genre : key concepts in media studies
Folklore : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies. Vol. 3, The genres of folklore
Essayists on the essay : Montaigne to our time
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
Bakhtinian thought : a introductory reader
Genre and Hollywood
"The successful study of film combines criticism, theory and practice. This book covers all three areas and guides the student towards an engaged form of creative expression and an active role as reviewer and critic. Beautifully presented, this ground-breaking text offers all students an integrated understanding of film criticism and production"--
As the nature of contemporary performance continues to expand into new forms, genres and media, it requires an increasingly diverse vocabulary. Reading Contemporary Performance provides students, critics and creators with a rich understanding of the key terms and ideas that are central to any discussion of this evolving theatricality. Specially commissioned entries from a wealth of contributors map out the many and varied ways of discussing performance in all of its forms - from theatrical and site-specific performances to live and New Media art. The book is divided into two sections: Concepts - Key terms and ideas arranged according to the five characteristic elements of performance art: time; space; action; performer; audience. Methodologies and Turning Points - The seminal theories and ways of reading performance, such as postmodernism, epic theatre, feminisms, happenings and animal studies. Case Studies – entries in both sections are accompanied by short studies of specific performances and events, demonstrating creative examples of the ideas and issues in question. Three different introductory essays provide multiple entry points into the discussion of contemporary performance, and cross-references for each entry also allow the plotting of one's own pathway. Reading Contemporary Performance is an invaluable guide, providing not just a solid set of familiarities, but an exploration and contextualisation of this broad and vital field.
Reading relations : structures of literary production : a dialectical text/book
Critical approaches to comics : theories and methods
