http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2550 power structures
power structures
Controlling the state : constitutionalism from ancient Athens to today
"This edited volume explores the stunning diversity in behavior, outlook, and viewpoints at the grassroots level of society during the Mao Zedong era. Men had gay relationships in factory dormitories, teens penned searing complaints in diaries, mentally ill individuals in the Beijing suburbs cursed Mao, and farmers formed secret societies, founded new dynasties, and worshipped forbidden spirits. These diverse undercurrents were at least as mainstream in people's everyday lives as the ideas found in Mao's Little Red Book or People's Daily editorials. Bringing together senior scholars and up-and-coming researchers from China, Europe, North America, and Taiwan, the book draws on rare documents to challenge top-down historical narratives. Focusing on crime, labels, and punishment; mobilization; culture and communication; and discontent, the chapters reveal how people individually and collectively negotiated structures of power. Bringing readers stories of aggrieved schoolteachers in rural Hunan, Uyghur officials in Xinjiang, armed rebels on the southwest frontier, and disaffected youth in Tianjin, the volume sheds light on the traumas and unexpected turning points during China's years of high socialism, raising the question of whether 'Mao's China' ever existed at all"--Provided by publisher.
Political parties and the concept of power : a theoretical framework
Understanding the framing of issues in multi-actor arenas : power relations in the human rights debate
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
"China's Security State describes the creation, evolution, and development of Chinese security and intelligence agencies as well as their role in influencing Chinese Communist Party politics throughout the party's history"--
Power games and power play in four Pinter plays
Regionalism and revenue : the moderate basque nationalist party, the PNV, and politico-economic power in the basque country of Spain 1980-1998
The demise of the Soviet Communist Party
Architect as intermediary : towards open source practice
Power and society : a framework for political inquiry
Ruling Russia : authoritarianism from the revolution to Putin
Power and the state
"Argues that power is changing, becoming harder to use and easier to lose. All leaders have less power than their predecessors and the potential for upheaval is unprecedented. The antiestablishment drive of micropowers can topple tyrants, dislodge monopolies and open remarkable new opportunities but it can also lead to chaos." --Publisher's description.
This book investigates the complex strands that inextricably link gender and power relations, demonstrating how gender is constructed through the practices of power. The contributors argue that `female' and `male' are shaped not only at the micro-level of everyday social interaction but also at the macro-level where social institutions control and regulate the practice of gender. Power/Gender explores: how theorizing on power is affected when gender is taken into account; post-Foucauldian theory of gender and power; whether it is possible to separate gender and power; the connections between gender and the practice of power in political contexts, and how these connections work in the specific contexts of women's lives; and whether the construction of sex or gender is an expression of power relations.
Power and religion in Baroque Rome : Barberini cultural policies
What is politics? : the activity and its study
Europeanization of national planning systems : a phronetic study
Organizational behaviour
When I didn't know about you yet : visions of power and body in Marika Orenius's work
The dual structure and mentality of Vladimir Putin's power coalition : a legacy for Medvedev
Party group behaviour in the European Parliament : an analysis of transnational political groups in the 1989-94 parliament
Absentee landlords and unseen management : absent, malevolent authority in Pinter's The dumb waiter and Mamet's Glengarry Glen Ross
Power : its forms, bases, and uses
New world order : the ancient plan of secret societies
Power in business and the state : an historical analysis of its concentration
Discourses of power : from Hobbes to Foucault
The anatomy of power
The ropes to skip and the ropes to know : studies in organizational theory and behavior
Ethnographies of the videogame : gender, narrative and praxis
In pursuit of the UnSafe : locating the native artist
Elites : choice, leadership and succession
Estonianism in a Finnish organization : essays on culture, identity and otherness
The limits of power
Power and poverty : theory and practice
Sentiments of fidelity : production of subjectivity, trust and neoliberal capitalism
Power and politics in the Persian Gulf monarchies
Political networks : the structural perspective
Understanding the local power structure in rural Bangladesh
Is there such a thing...? : a study of antiracism education in Finland
The sources of social power. Vol. 1, A history of power from the beginning to AD 1760
The seven sisters : the great oil companies and the world they made
Dominance and power in conversation
Eastern Europe : political crisis and legitimation
Democracy and power-sharing in stormy weather : the case of Lebanon
Keywords in Australian politics
Power and restructuring : Canada's coastal society and environment
Red fortress : the secret heart of Russia's history
The end of power : from boardrooms to battlefields and churches to states, why being in charge isn't what it used to be
Choice, consolidation, and catastrophe : elite bargaining and the war in Chechnya
International community power structures; : comparative studies of four world cities
The second treatise of government
A general theory of domination and justice
Elections by design : parties and patronage in Russia's regions
They followed me in the street : the assassination of a journalist and other horror stories from present day Russia
Governing societies : political perspectives on domestic and international rule
Power elites and organizations
Deconstructing international politics
Stratification and power : structures of class, status and command
Theatre enters! : the play within the play as a means of disruption
National capitalisms, global production networks : fashioning the value chain in the UK, US, and Germany
Power, politics and people : the collected essays of C. Wright Mills ; edited and with an introduction by Irving Louis Horowitz
Human rights in action
Community politics : a behavioral approach
Strategic partnerships in Asia : balancing without alliances
The second treatise on civil government
The economic horror
Stretching the drum skin : an analysis of power relations in leadership development and succession in the Evangelical Lutheran church in Tanzania-Northern diocese 1942-1993
Preliminary materials for a theory of the young-girl
The Remaking of social contracts : global feminists in the 21st century
Serving the European Union : a citizen's guide to the institutions of the European Union
Seeing studies : practicing praxis in graphic design
Democracy and discontent : India's growing crisis of governability
Gender roles and domestic violence : narrative analysis of social construction of gender in Uganda
Power/gender : social relations in theory and practice
Fire with fire : the new female power and how it to use it
Network power : Japan and Asia
The anatomy of the Finnish power elite
Exploitation : the world power structure and the inequality of nations
The crisis of the twelfth century : power, lordship, and the origins of European government
Encounters with unjust authority
The three branches : a comparative model of separation of powers
Power, knowledge and domination
Imagining other worlds
Networks of power : corporate TV's threat to democracy
Maoism at the grassroots : everyday life in China's era of high socialism
Who runs this place? : the anatomy of Britain in the 21st century
Built to last : a political architecture for Europe
Social movements and Bourdieu : class, embodiment and the politics of identity
In one grand effort, this is an anatomy of power, a history of the ways in which it has been defined, and a study of its forms (force, manipulation, authority, and persuasion), its bases (individual and collective resources, political mobilization), and its uses. The issues that Dennis Wrong addresses range from the philosophical and ethical to the psychological and political. Much of the work is punctuated with careful examples from history.
Power restructuring in China and Russia
Multidimensional interpretative option of the use of power
Elite in Greek and Roman antiquity
Maastricht : the Treaty on European Union, the position of the European Parliament
The presidential constitution of Nigeria
Geographies of the super-rich
In his new introduction, prepared for the 1995 edition of Power, the author reconsiders the concept of power, now locating it in the broader traditions of the social sciences rather than as a series of actions and actors within the sociological tradition. As a result, Wrong emphasizes such major distinctions as "power over" and "power to," and various conflations of power as commonly used.
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Power and women in the Neo-Assyrian palaces
Medieval civilization came of age in thunderous events like the Norman Conquest and the First Crusade. Power fell into the hands of men around castles who imposed coercive new lordships in quest of nobility, heedless of the old public order. In "The Crisis of the Twelfth Century", acclaimed historian Thomas Bisson asks what it was like to live in a Europe without government, and he asks how people experienced power, and suffered. Rethinking a familiar history as a problem of origins, he explores the circumstances that impelled knights, emperors, nobles, and churchmen to infuse lordship with social purpose. Bisson traces the origins of European government to a crisis of lordship and its resolution. King John of England was only the latest and most conspicuous in a gallery of bad lords who dominated the populace instead of ruling it. Men like him had been all too commonplace in the twelfth century. More and more knights pretended to powers and status, encroached on clerical domains and exploited peasants, and came to seem threatening to social order and peace. Yet as Bisson shows, it was not so much the oppressed people as their tormentors who were in crisis. Covering all of Western Christendom, this book suggests what these violent people - and the outcries they provoked - contributed to the making of governments in kingdoms, principalities, and towns. "The Crisis of the Twelfth Century" is an unparalleled cultural history of power in medieval Europe, and a monumental achievement by one of today's foremost medievalists.
The changing balance of political power in Finland
Postcolonial theories
Second treatise of government
War and peace in international rivalry
Power, politics and people : the collected essays
The institutions of the European Union
Organization, power and change
China's security state : philosophy, evolution, and politics
"Postcolonial Theories is a lively introduction to postcolonial theories, contexts and literatures which presents both the theory and practice to students in approachable and attractive ways. Jenni Ramone includes discussion of a wide range of influential theorists such as Frantz Fanon, Homi Bhabha, Rey Chow, Edward Said, Ngugi wa Thiong'o, Paul Gilroy and Trinh T. Minh-ha. She also demonstrates postcolonial ideas through compelling readings of a wide range of exciting literary texts, including: -Nawal El Saadawi's God Dies by the Nile -Aravind Adiga's The White Tiger -Shyam Selvadurai's Funny Boy -Jamaica Kincaid's My Brother. Covering a diverse array of geographical locations, and featuring a helpful timeline and annotated bibliography, this is essential reading for anyone with an interest in postcolonial theories and how they have continued to adapt in the wake of globalization, digital technology and neo-colonialism"
Understanding Somalia and Somaliland : culture, history, society
Sayyids and sharifs in Muslim societies : the living links to the Prophet
The evolution of the late antique world
The politics of dress in Asia and the Americas
Power in modern societies
Human race get off your knees : the lion sleeps no more
Between the hands and under the eyes : everyday objects
Political obligation in its historical context ; essays in political theory
Indirect rule in South Africa : tradition, modernity, and the costuming of political power
North Korea : beyond charismatic politics
While the author illuminates his discussion with references to Weber, Marx, Freud, Plato, Dostoevsky, Orwell, Hobbes, Arendt, and Machiavelli, he keeps his arguments grounded in contemporary practical issues, such as class conflicts, multi-party politics, and parent-child relationships.
News media and power in Russia
Chiefdoms : power, economy, and ideology
Managing elections in Russia : mechanisms and problems
Trade, regionalism and the politics of policy making in Nicaragua
The European Union : politics and policies
The actions of the Arctic states respecting the continental shelf : a reflective essay
Decision rules in the European Union : a rational choice perspective
Managing conflict after civil war : the power-sharing and power-dividing approaches
Essays in social theory
David Icke marks his 20th year of uncovering astounding secrets and suppressed information with the publication of his most amazing book yet: Human Race Get off Your Knees : The Lion Sleeps No More. He takes the manipulation of the human race and the nature of reality to still new levels of understanding and he calls for humanity to rise from its knees and take back the world from the sinister network of families and non-human entities that covertly control us from cradle to grave. His most staggering revelation is that the Earth and the collective human mind is manipulated from the Moon, which, he says, is not a 'heavenly body, but an artificial construct - a gigantic 'spacecraft' (probably a hollowed-out 'planetoid') - which is home to the extraterrestrial group that has been manipulating humanity for aeons. Humanity is at a fork in the road and it is time to make a choice. Are we going to awaken to our true genius and potential as Infinite Consciousness? Or are we going to remain entrapped in body/mind and the manufactured illusions of the Moon Matrix? It is time to shake off the shackles, stop being Pavlov's dogs and grab reality by the balls and wake up to who we are truly meant to be.
This book is the key text for anyone wishing to understand the functions, powers, and composition of the EU's institutions. From the Council of Ministers to the European Central Bank, all of the most important organizations are analysed and explained by international experts, providing students with everything they need to know. The Institutions of the European Union is the key text for anyone wishing to understand the functions, powers, and composition of the EU's institutions. From the Council of Ministers to the European Central Bank, all of the most important organizations are analysed and explained by international experts. Updates for the fourth edition include discussions of the impact of the ratification of the Lisbon Treaty and the euro crisis on the EU's institutions. Authoritative yet accessible, it remains the best guide to how this range of different bodies work together to provide political direction, manage policies, and integrate contrasting interests within the European Union.
Changing contours of the world geopolitical system
Power, modernity and sociology : selected sociological writings
Dyadic relations between the main contractor and its suppliers : a case study to clarify critical factors in Metso Paper Ltd
Separation of powers : documents and commentary
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
The new opening provides the reader with a deeper appreciation of the non-reductionist character of the book as a whole.
Abstract.
Gender, conflict, and migration
The civilizing project in medieval Korea : neo-classicism, nativism, and figurations of power
Power politics
Finnish summary.
The Council of the European Union
Europeanization, European integration and financial services : developing theoretical frameworks and synthesising methodological approaches
Nationalism and culture
Institutional design and party government in post-communist Europe
Love power and political interests : towards a theory of patriarchy in contemporary western societies
The heritage of the conquistadors : ruling classes in Central America from the conquest to the Sandinistas
Demystifying the European Union : the enduring logic of regional integration
Unspeakable things : sex, lies and revolution
The powers of the Union : delegation in the EU
Everyday inequalities : critical inquiries
The crime scene of representation : a case study of the visual identity of the exhibition Rauma Biennale Balticum 2014
Gendering the master narrative : women and power in the middle ages
The divide : American injustice in the age of the wealth gap
What is political sociology?
A Business Plan for Anhui Xiongfeng Protection Facilities Co.,Ltd.
Women and fat : approaches to the social study of fatness
Control in a bureaucracy
Russian monarchy : eighteenth-century rulers and writers in political dialogue
Velika Gruda. 1, Hügelgräber des frühen 3. Jahrtausends v. Chr. im Adriagebiet : Velika Gruda, Mala Gruda und ihr Kontext = Tumulus burials of the early 3rd Millenium BC in the Adriatic : Velika Gruda, Mala Gruda and their context
Pivotal politics : a theory of U.S. lawmaking
The bureaucratic Leviathan : a study in the sociology of communism
Montesquieu in the Pacific : cabinet recriutment patterns in eleven small island states
Accountability and corruption : a study into political institutions as referees between principals and agents
Coding power through politeness : politeness strategies in Bret Easton Ellis's American psycho
The idea of civil society
Kyiv as regime city : the return of Soviet power after Nazi occupation
Elite, power and budget : A study of the behaviour and power-conceptions of the budget-elite in big Finnish cities
Organising the European Parliament : the role of committees and their legislative influence
The "special" world : Stalin's power apparatus and the Soviet system's secret structures of communication
The probability of moose damage at the stand level in southern Finland
On the state : lectures at the Collège de France, 1989-1992
Art, an enemy of the people
Children's rights and power : charging up for a new century
Beyond US hegemony? : assessing the prospects for a multipolar world
The Al Jazeera phenomenon : critical perspectives on new Arab media
Natural potency and political power : forests and state authority in contemporary Laos
Regions of war and peace
The ordinary images : a study on stock photography and gender
