http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25587 relevance
relevance
A hybrid theory of metaphor : relevance theory and cognitive linguistics
The encoding of procedures : a pragmatic analysis of selected function words in Akan
Using citation analysis techniques for computer-assisted legal reseach in continental jurisdictions
Genre, relevance and global coherence : the pragmatics of discourse type
In search for criteria of relevance for argumentation theory
Towards simulating and evaluating user interaction in information retrieval using test collections
Abstract.
The world within : feeling, cognition and communication in the translation of Planet Earth
Pragmatics and relevance in Spanish : utterance interpretation and communication
Bridging and relevance
Inference of relevance for proactive information retrieval
Students evaluating Internet sources – From versatile evaluators to uncritical readers
Quality assurance and curriculum development in forestry and agriculture related sciences : proceedings of the Silva Conference held at the Polytechnical University of Valencia, Valencia, November 2nd-5th 2006
Unstable feature relevance in classification tasks
Relevance and linguistic meaning : the semantics and pragmatics of discourse markers
The pragmatics reader
"When people speak, their words never fully encode what they mean, and the context is always compatible with a variety of interpretations. How can comprehension ever be achieved? Wilson and Sperber argue that comprehension is a process of inference guided by precise xpectations of relevance. What are the relations between the linguistically encoded meanings studied in semantics and the thoughts that humans are capable of entertaining and conveying? How should we analyse literal meaning, approximations, metaphors and ironies? Is the ability to understand speakers' meanings rooted in a more general human ability to understand other minds? How do these abilities interact in evolution and in cognitive development? Meaning and Relevance sets out to answer these and other questions, enriching and updating relevance theory and exploring its implications for linguistics, philosophy, cognitive science and literary studies"--
Metarepresentation : a relevance-theory approach
Earthing the cosmic queen : relevance theory and the Song of Songs
The main task for most development-intensive organisations is to create, develop and commercialise new products and services. The technology push (TP) concept is considered an important competitive advantage for companies trying to create breakthrough products. Because development processes are risky and failure rates are high, especially in the case of technology pushed projects, defined success factors are valuable knowledge for the management of development-intensive firms.The prime objective of this study is to present a compact set of TP project success factors in an information and communication technology (ICT) context. Because the literature on new product development and innovation has presented many success factors for developed products, but has done so in a way that presents the factors as having a nebulous nature, the specification of TP success factors is also presented. The success factors are also empirically validated. The goal of the validation was to determine the relevance of the success factors introduced, and potentially define new ones. The validation was performed through an empirical study with semi-structured company interviews.As a result of this study we concluded that one success factor defined through the literature review should be removed due to a lack of relevance, that the other twelve success factors were validated, and three new success factors were identified during the empirical study. Eventually fifteen TP success factors are defined and presented.The practical relevance of this study is to help firm management to recognise the real actions needed to reduce product development risks. The theoretical relevance is in helping scholars to focus on key issues when studying the key factors of breakthrough development cases.
"Is this normal?" : relevance and discourse structure in discussion forum peer advice
Semantic constraints on relevance
On translating Maria Edgeworth's Castle Rackrent : a relevance-theoretic case study
Role of relevance in acceptance of mobile advertising : a consumer approach
Online reading as an individual and social practice
Earthing the Cosmic Queen explores the connection of poet, world, and text in the Song of Songs based on the process of reading as understood by Relevance Theory. This linguistic theory reveals new insights into the Song of Songs by tracing associations between the poet and her world. The main portion of this book involves a discourse analysis of the entire Song for the purpose of revealing the poet's cognitive environment and communicative intentions. Seven sites of discourse are explored: entreaties, wasf, the daughters, royalty, the brothers, losing and finding, and the Garden. The Garden of Eden strongly figures and could be considered a flashpoint of engagement. There is suggestion in the text that there is a crisis for the poet regarding her place in ancient Hebrew society. Thus, the Garden of Eden texts and the Song of Songs are carefully contrasted to highlight the contours of her radical message.
The use of context in pragmatic language comprehension in normally developing children and children with Asperger syndrome/high-functioning autism : an application of relevance theory
The language of metaphors
Relevance theory
Meaning and relevance
Developing technology pushed breakthroughs : defining and assessing success factors in ICT industry
Critical discourse analysis and language cognition
Presupposition triggers in some scientific and technical texts
Subtitling ER : changes in information content : a relevance-theoric approach
The use of context in pragmatic language comprehension in normally developing children and children with Asperger syndrome/high-functioning autism:an application of relevance theory
Current issues in relevance theory
Relevance theory : applications and implications
