http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25503 financial crises
financial crises
Chronicles : on our troubled times
The intellectual origins of the global financial crisis
"The financial crisis of 2007-08 shook the idea that advanced information and communications technologies (ICTs) as solely a source of economic rejuvenation and uplift, instead introducing the world to the once-unthinkable idea of a technological revolution wrapped inside an economic collapse. In Digital Depression, Dan Schiller delves into the ways networked systems and ICTs have transformed global capitalism during the so-called Great Recession. He focuses on capitalism's crisis tendencies to confront the contradictory matrix of a technological revolution and economic stagnation making up the current political economy and demonstrates digital technology's central role in the global political economy. As he shows, the forces at the core of capitalism--exploitation, commodification, and inequality--are ongoing and accelerating within the networked political economy"--
The great trade collapse : causes, consequences and prospects
Overview: The Global Crisis and Transformative Social Change; P.Utting, S.Razavi & R.V.Buchholz Narratives of Crisis and Crisis Response: Perspectives from North and South; B.Jessop The Perils of Paradigm Maintenance in the Face of Crisis; A.M.Fischer Social Reproduction in the Global Crisis: Rapid Recovery or Long-Lasting Depletion?; D.Elson Shifting Global Social Policy Discourse and Governance in Times of Crisis; B.Deacon Financialization and Social Policy; B.Fine Policy Change in Turbulent Times: The Nationalization of Private Pensions in Argentina; C.Arza Rebounding from Crisis: The Role and Limits of Social Policy in China's Recovery; S.Cook The Global Economic Crisis and Labour Markets in the Small States of the Caribbean; A.S.Downes From Agrarian Crisis to Global Economic Crisis: Neoliberalism and the Indian Peasantry; A.Banerjee Restructuring Development to Address the Global Financial Crisis: Lessons from India; I.Hirway & S.Prabhu A Political Economy Analysis of Crisis Response: Reflections on India and Thailand; D.Nathan & G.Kelkar Trade Unions and the Politics of Crisis; B.Beckman Chinese Migrant Workers in the Global Financial Crisis: Government and Stakeholder Interactions; Y.Yu.
Europe's financial crisis : a short guide to how the euro fell into crisis, and the consequences for the world
The new geography of capitalism : firms, finance, and society
13th labour of Hercules : inside the Greek crisis
Early warning indicators of banking crises
Saving the city : the great financial crisis of 1914
Integration of the major equity markets in East Asia aroind the recent global financial crisis
Regional co-operation & Asian recovery
The impact of macroeconomic factors on hedge fund returns
Democratic politics in a European Union under stress
Legal risk in the financial markets
Longitudinal approach to publicly held and privately owned family businesses : a financial analysis
The impact of financial crises to South and North Europe : a comparison in competitiveness
The EU and the global financial crisis : new varieties of capitalism
"As financial markets expand and continue to refashion the world in their own image, the wealth of capitalist societies no longer presents itself, as it did to Karl Marx in the nineteenth century, as a "monstrous collection of commodities." Instead, it appears as an equally monstrous collection of financial securities, and the critique of political economy must proceed accordingly. But what would it mean to write Capital in the twenty-first century? Are we really to believe that risk, rather than labor, is now regarded as the true fount of economic value? Can it truly be the case that the credit relation--at least in the global North--has replaced the wage relation as the key site of exploitation and political struggle? And finally, if precarity is indeed the name of today's proletarian condition, what possible future does it actually portend, what analysis does it require? Through a series of creative substitutions, in Portfolio Society Ivan Ascher extends Marx's critical project in bold and unexpected ways. Ascher not only explains some of the often mystifying processes of contemporary finance, he also invites us to consider what becomes of capitalism itself in those places where the relation of capital to its own future is now mediated by financial markets. In the end, we may find that much has changed and much has not; relations of domination endure, and mystifications abound, but the devil is in the details, and that is where Ascher directs our attention. At once a critique of modern finance and of the societies under its spell, Portfolio Society succeeds in revealing the potential limits of Capital, while reveling still in its limitless potential." --
The global crisis and transformative social change
The real crash : America's coming bankruptcy : how to save yourself and your country
With the full effects of the Great Recession still unfolding, this collection of essays analyses the gendered economic impacts of the crisis. The volume, from an international set of contributors, argues that gender-differentiated economic roles and responsibilities within households and markets can potentially influence the ways in which men and women are affected in times of economic crisis.Looking at the economy through a gender lens, the contributors investigate the antecedents and consequences of the ongoing crisis as well as the recovery policies adopted in selected countries. There are case studies devoted to Latin America, transition economies, China, India, South Africa, Turkey, and the USA. Topics examined include unemployment, the job-creation potential of fiscal expansion, the behavioural response of individuals whose households have experienced loss of income, social protection initiatives, food security and the environment, shedding of jobs in export-led sectors, and lessons learned thus far. From these timely contributions, students, scholars, and policymakers are certain to better understand the theoretical and empirical linkages between gender equality and macroeconomic policy in times of crisis.
"Poetry is the language of nonexchangeability, the return of infinite hermeneutics, and the return of the sensuous body of language. I'm talking about poetry here as an excess of language, a hidden resource which enables us to shift from one paradigm to another."--P. [4] of cover.
The euro experiment
Integration cycles in the Eurozone stock markets
Understanding global crises : an emerging paradigm
The death of capital : how creative policy can restore stability
Daughters of Castle Deverill
The death of money : the coming collapse of the international monetary system
Dynamic hedging with credit default swaps : empirical evidence from the European Monetary Union
Never let a serious crisis go to waste : how neoliberalism survived the financial meltdown
The road to recovery : how and why economic policy must change
Anatomy of a financial crisis : a real estate bubble, runaway credit markets, and regulatory failure
The impact of the European debt crisis to the pricing of EU Sovereigns’ CDS, bond and basis spreads
Carver
The uprising : on poetry and finance
Business as usual : the roots of the global financial meltdown
Performance of Finnish hedge funds during financial crisis
Infiltrated : how to stop the insiders and activists who are exploiting the financial crisis to control our lives and our fortunes
A clear, analytical and balanced guide to the euro experiment and subsequent crisis that will appeal to a wide readership.
The first great recession of the 21st century : competing explanations
The restructuring of capitalism in our time
Determinants of credit default swap spreads and credit risk asymmetry : evidence from U.S. non-financial firms in 2007–2012
Sidney Sheldon's After the darkness
Stress test : reflections on financial crises
"The financial crisis keeps us on edge and creates a diffuse sense of helplessness. Well-nigh unfathomable problems lead to measures that seem like emergency operations on the open heart of the Western world, performed with no knowledge of the patient's clinical history. The gravity of the situation is matched by the paucity of our understanding of it, and of how it came about in the first place. In this book, compiled from his Adorno Lectures given in Frankfurt, Wolfgang Streeck lays bare the roots of the present financial, fiscal and economic crisis, seeing it as part of the long neoliberal transformation of postwar capitalism that began in the 1970s. Linking up with the crisis theories of that decade, he analyses the subsequent tensions and conflicts involving states, governments, voters and capitalist interests--a process in which the defining focus of the European state system has shifted from taxation through debt to budgetary "consolidation." The book then ends by exploring the prospects for a restoration of social and economic stability. Buying Time is a model of enlightenment. It shows that something deeply disturbing underlies the current situation: a metamorphosis of the whole relationship between democracy and capitalism"--
"This book represents an initial attempt to compare China, Japan, and South Korea, three close geographical and cultural neighbors whose developmental trajectories, though divergent in the past, have been moving more recently toward convergence"--
Behold the dreamers : a novel
The branding services market in St. Petersburg, Russia
"When the first rumblings of the coming financial crisis were heard in August 2007, three men who were never elected to public office suddenly became the most powerful men in the world. They were the leaders of the world's three most important central banks: Ben Bernanke of the U.S. Federal Reserve, Mervyn King of the Bank of England, and Jean-Claude Trichet of the European Central Bank. Over the next five years, they and their fellow central bankers deployed trillions of dollars, pounds and euros to try and contain the waves of panic that threatened to bring down the global financial system. Neil Irwin's The Alchemists is both a gripping account of the most intense exercise in economic crisis management we've ever seen, and an insightful examination of the role and power of the central bank. It begins in Stockholm, Sweden, in the seventeenth century, where central banking had its rocky birth, and then progresses through a brisk but dazzling tutorial on how the central banker came to exert such vast influence over our world. It is the story of how these figures and institutions became what they are - the possessors of extraordinary power over our collective fate. What they chose to do with those powers is the heart of the story Irwin tells. Irwin covered the financial crisis for the Washington Post, enjoying privileged access to leading central bankers and the people close to them. His account, based on reporting that took place in 27 cities in 11 countries, is the holistic, truly global story of the central bankers' role in the world economy we have been missing. It is a landmark reckoning with central bankers and their power, with the great financial crisis of our time, and with the history of the relationship between capitalism and the state. Definitive, revelatory, and riveting, The Alchemists shows us where money comes from--and where it may well be going."--Publisher's description
The lost continent : the BBC's Europe editor on Europe's darkest hour since World War Two
Crash and beyond : causes and consequences of the global financial crisis
The politics of extreme austerity : Greece in the eurozone crisis
Aftermath : a new global economic order?
Market risk and financial markets modeling
The performance of emerging markets mutual funds before, during and after market downturns
Oil prices and stock returns : evidence from emerging markets
What drives risk disclosure quality? : the impact of the financial crisis
End of alchemy : money, banking and the future of the global economy
Financial services, financial crisis and general European contract law : failure and challenges of contracting
Understanding the world economy
How did revenue diversification affect bank performance in emerging economies during the financial crisis?
The EU and the Eurozone crisis : policy challenges and strategic choices
Austerity : the history of a dangerous idea
Credit risk frontiers : Supreme crisis, pricing and hedging, cva, mbs, ratings, and liquidity
'The book by Christian Schweiger helps understand the processes currently taking place within the European Union, which result from the economic crisis. They concern the transformations within economic and social models taking place in the Member States. The uniqueness of this publication consists in the fact that the author confronted many of his opinions in the debates with researchers and experts from the states and regions he describes. Having read the book, one can only hope, but also be certain, that the European Union still has a future ahead.'--Maciej Duszczyk - Institute of Social Policy, University of Warsaw, Poland. 'This stimulating and well-argued book examines the areas relevant within the Varieties of Capitalism (VoC) debate such as employment-related institutions and policies including the welfare state, and fiscal and monetary policies. Schweiger's focus on the different VoC in Europe could not be timelier.Engaging in fundamental current European economic policy-related issues, this excellent book is a must read for scholars, policy advocates and students in the field.'--Lothar Funk, University of Applied Sciences, Germany. The EU And The Global Financial Crisis analyses the emerging new political economy of the EU Single Market in the wake of the 2008-2009 global financial crisis. The crisis has initiated a new wave of functionalist spillover towards deeper integration in the eurozone, which in effect divides the EU into multiple integrative cores. Providing the first comprehensive examination of the emerging policy framework in the EU and the eurozone after the global financial crisis, this rigorous study applies a neofunctionalist approach to the analysis of the crisis implications by considering the emergence of the system of multiple cores in the EU as a result of the return of political spillover.It outlines the EU's post-crisis varieties of capitalism and examines the effects of the financial crisis on selected key economies in the Single Market. This authoritative book offers a complete breakdown of the EU's political economy in the wake of the global financial crisis and will therefore appeal to students of European politics, international political economy and European studies, as well as policy-makers and other stakeholders.
Black horse ride : the inside story of Lloyds and the banking crisis
Capital wars : the new East-West challenge for entrepreneurial leadership and economic success
The world's first global stock market bubble suddenly burst in 1720, destroying the dreams and fortunes of speculators in London, Paris, and Amsterdam virtually overnight. Their folly and misfortune inspired the publication of an extraordinary Dutch collection of satirical prints, plays, poetry, commentary, and financial prospectuses entitled Het groote Tafereel de Dwaasheid (The Great Mirror of Folly), a unique and lavish record of the financial crisis and its cultural dimensions. The current book adopts the title. It is a book about the book, a wide-ranging interdisciplinary collaboration that uncovers the meaning and influence of the Tafereel and the profound, lasting, and multifaceted impact of the crash of 1720 on European cultures and financial markets.
Ownership structure and stock performance during financial crisis : evidence from Finnish stock market
The relationship of VIX and hedge fund returns
The High-Beta Rich : how the manic wealthy will take us to the next boom, bubble, and bust
The global minotaur : America, the true origins of the financial crisis and the future of the world economy
Financial integration of six former Yugoslavian equity markets : evidence from the financial crisis
In this thesis the market of branding services in St. Petersburg is explored in a Business-to-Business context. The study looks into the current situation on the market, which changed significantly because of the global finance crisis. Based on theoretical findings, a qualitative study was conducted by means of interviews with experts, brand managers and brand theorists. The key issues of the questionnaire were: the structure of the branding services market, the market̕s specifics and problems, its main tendencies, and the forecast for the market of branding services in St. Petersburg. The secondary data about branding companies and range of its services was collected via the Internet and analyzed.   The global financial crisis has decreased the demand on branding services. On the other hand, the influence of the crisis is seen as a positive development for the market. The market is expected to improve the quality of providing services. Most importantly, competence in field of branding expected to grow. Russian citizens and enterprises still are not fully aware about benefits of the brand concept. According to research results, St. Petersburg̕ branding services market has a promising future because of its huge potential to grow and develop.
The Federal Reserve and the financial crisis
Is recovery a myth?
The economics of financial turbulence : alternative theories of money and finance
The alchemists : inside the secret world of central bankers
The effects of bank capital on bank performance and riskiness around the financial crisis. : empirical evidence in European region during 2005-2011
And the weak suffer what they must? : Europe, austerity and the threat to global stability
Global politics and financial governance
Aftershock : protect yourself and profit in the next global financial meltdown
Preventing and managing financial crises : a summary
Essays on credit contagion and shocks in banking.
Digital depression : information technology and economic crisis
Global value chains in a postcrisis world : a development perspective
Maynard's revenge : the collapse of free market macroeconomics
Stochastic dynamic optimization models in the banking sector
Fit to bust : how great companies fail
The evolution of securities lending and risk mitigation : a Finnish market case study
How publicly quoted family business organizational behavior reflects financial crisis : a content analysis of the annual reports from 2008 to 2011
Analysing the leading factors to the financial crisis of 2008
The Euro crisis
Young money : inside the hidden world of Wall Street's post-crash recruits
The body economic : eight experiments in economic recovery, from Iceland to Greece
One striking weaknesses of our financial architecture, which helped bring on and perhaps deepen the Panic of 2008, is an inadequate appreciation of the past. Information about how the system functioned and the reliability of organizations and institutional controls were drawn from a relatively narrow group of recent examples. History and Financial Crisis: Lessons from the 20th Century is an attempt to broaden the range of historical sources used by policy makers to understand and treat financial crises. Many recent discussions of the 2008 panic and the economic turmoil have found the situation to either be unprecedented or greatly similar to that of 1931. However, the book's wide range of contributors suggest that the economic crisis of 2008 cannot be categorised in this way. This book was originally published as a special issue of Business History.
The allure of capitalism : an ethnography of management and the global economy in crisis
Inside the banking crisis : the untold story
Finance and Psychology - A never-ending love story?! : behavioural finance and its impact on the credit crunch in 2009
Pecking order theory in a bank-centered lending environment : evidence from North European economies
Successful Finnish Banking Performance in Global Financial Crisis : Comparative study of British bank, Northern Rock against the Finnish banking sector
Capturing risk of the volatile market characteristics in BRIC-countries during financial crisis : comparative analysis of Value at Risk methods 2006-2010
The economic transmission of fiscal policy shocks from Western to Eastern Europe
New ideas on development after the financial crisis
Financial innovation, regulation and crises in history
Too big to fail : the inside story of how Wall Street and Washington fought to save the financial system -and themselves
Beyond the crisis : Korea's emergence from the global financial storm of 2008
The US Subprime crisis and stock market integration : evidence from the BRICS
Global economic crisis and local economic development : international cases and policy responses
The reasons why eurozone financial and economic crisis prolong and the ways forward
World society in the global economic crisis
Corporate financial distress and bankruptcy : a survey
Momentum anomaly in the Finnish stock market and banking stocks during the financial crises
Corporate social responsibility’s effect on the cost of equity capital during the financial crisis
China and the mortgaging of America : economic interdependence and domestic politics
Buying time : the delayed crisis of democratic capitalism
The fall of the Celtic tiger : Ireland and the euro debt crisis
Essays on emerging financial markets, political institutions and development differences
The mandibles : A Family, 2029–2047
The challenge of economic rebalancing in Europe : perspectives for CESEE countries
Managing economic crisis in East Asia
A new world economic order : overhauling the global economic governance as a result of the financial crisis, 2008–2009
How an economy grows and why it crashes
Economic policy options in conditions of weak growth and low inflation
The equilibrium relationship and the price discovery process of European corporate CDS and bond spreads : evidence from 2007 – 2013
Portfolio society : on the capitalist mode of prediction
The economic adjustment programme for Portugal
Essays on heterogeneous news flow on volatility
Bank performance during financial crisis 2008 : impact of bank characteristics
Determinants of bank profitability in different business cycles
When genius failed : the rise and fall of Long-Term Capital Management
Central counterparties : mandatory clearing and bilateral margin requirements for OTC derivatives
""The strong do as they can and the weak suffer what they must." --Thucydides The fate of the global economy hangs in the balance, and Europe is doing its utmost to undermine it, to destabilize America, and to spawn new forms of authoritarianism. Europe has dragged the world into hideous morasses twice in the last one hundred years... it can do it again. Yanis Varoufakis, the former Finance Minister of Greece, shows here that the Eurozone is a house of cards destined to fall without a radical change in direction. And, if the European Union falls apart, he argues, the global economy will not be far behind. Once America abandoned Europe in 1971 from the dollar zone, Europe's leaders decided to create a monetary union of 18 nations without control of their own money, without democratic accountability, and without a government to support the Central Bank. This bizarre economic super-power was equipped with none of the shock absorbers necessary to contain a financial crisis, while its design ensured that, when it came, the crisis would be massive. When disaster hit in 2009, Varoufakis argues that Europe turned against itself, humiliating millions of innocent citizens, driving populations to despair, and buttressing a form of bigotry unseen since the Second World War. Here, Varoufakis offers concrete policies that the rest of the world can take part in to intervene and help save Europe from impending catastrophe, and presents the ultimate case against austerity. With passionate, informative, and at times humorous prose, he warns that the implosion of an admittedly crisis-ridden and deeply irrational European capitalism should be avoided at all cost"--
This collection examines the relationships between a globalising neoliberal capitalism, a post-GFC environment of recession and austerity, and the moral economies of young people’s health and well-being. Contributors explore how in the second decade of the 21st century, many young people in the OECD/EU economies and in the developing economies of Asia, Africa and Central and South America continue to be carrying a particularly heavy burden for many of the downstream effects of the 2008-09 Global Financial Crisis. The authors explore the ways in which increasing local and global inequalities often have profound consequences for large populations of young people. These consequences are not just related to marginalisation from education, training and work. They also include obstacles to their active participation in the civic life of their communities, to their transitions, to their sense of belonging. The book examines the choices that are made, or not made by governments, businesses and individuals in relation to young people’s education, training, work, health and well-being, sexualities, diets and bodies, in the context of a crisis of neoliberalism and of austerity.
The euro and its threat to the future of Europe
The Credit-Anstalt crisis of 1931
A sharp critique of the ultra-wealthy Americans who have contributed to today's economic conditions and heightened economic inequities.
Swimming with sharks : my journey into the world of the bankers
The former Governor of the Bank of England argues for fundamental changes to the financial system in order to reduce the risk of a new crisis.
From the great transformation to the great financialization : on Karl Polanyi and other essays
Before and beyond the global economic crisis : economics, politics and settlement
History and financial crisis : lessons from the 20th century
"A contradiction coils through the political economy: that today's financial and economic crisis began in the historical heartland of advanced information and communications technology (ICTs): the United States. It was not supposed to turn out this way. ICTs were to be the source of economic rejuvenation and uplift. Instead, the U.S., the historical driver of digital systems and services, originated what has become the deepest and most prolonged slump since the 1930s. Today, a technological revolution is wrapped up inside an economic collapse: a digital depression. Whence did it come? Where are we headed? In Digital Depression, Dan Schiller continues his work on how networked systems and ICTs have transformed the global capitalist system. He focuses on the crisis tendencies of capitalism and confronts the contradictory matrix of technological revolution and economic stagnation that constitutes the contemporary political economy. After demonstrating digital technology's central role in the global political economy and connecting it to the rise of worldwide financial and military networks, Schiller surveys the digital communication industry before turning to the geopolitical significance of digital communication with an especially important insight on the U.S. policy apparatus and the rise of China as an oppositional force. Digital Depression demostrates that the forces at the heart of capitalism--exploitation, commodification, and inequality--along with militarization and surveillance are ongoing and accelerating within the networked political economy"--
The recent financial crisis in the interbank markets : the liquidity squeeze of 2007-09
Neoliberalism : beyond the free market
In the wake of the international financial crisis, authorities have been given new tools to prevent such crises. These tools - or macroprudential instruments - are intended to enhance banks' resilience to risk and prevent the excessive lending that often underlies asset price bubbles. In making decisions on deployment of the macroprudential tools, authorities will be supported by a set of early warning indicators confirmed by research data to best predict the outbreak of banking crises..
The European crisis and the transformation of transnational governance : authoritarian managerialism versus democratic governance
Heterodox macroeconomics : Keynes, Marx and globalization
And the weak suffer what they must? : Europe's crisis and America's economic future
Managing economic crisis in Southeast Asia
Deep recessions have typically led to a permanent step down to a lower growth trajectory. However, since the financial crisis of 2008, the growth rate itself has also been exceptionally slow, due to weak growth in total factor productivity. In addition to the recession itself, the slow pace of recovery does, in fact, constitute a significant part of the overall costs of the crisis..
Modern financial markets and institutions : a practical perspective
Boomerang : travels in the new third world
Currency wars : the making of the next global crisis
Foreign banks and credit growth in Eastern and Central Europe
Bad banks : greed, incompetence and the next global crisis
Zero-leverage phenomenon and firm’s investment around financial crisis
The Wangs vs the world
The financial crisis in constitutional perspective : the dark side of functional differentiation
"This volume presents the first thorough sociologically-informed legal analysis of the financial crisis which unfolded in 2008. It combines a multitude of theoretically informed analyses of the causes, dynamics and reactions to the crisis and contextualises these within the general structural transformations characterising contemporary society. It furthermore explores the constitutional implications of the crisis and suggests concrete changes to the constitutional set-up of contemporary society. Although the question of individual responsibility is of crucial importance, the central idea animating the volume is that the crisis cannot be reduced to a mere failure of risk perception and management for which individual and collective actors within and outside of financial organisations are responsible. The 2008 crisis should rather be understood as a symptom of far deeper structural transformations. For example contemporary society is characterised by massive accelerations in the speed with which societal processes are reproduced as well as radical expansions in the level of globalisation. These transformations have, however, been asymmetrical in nature insofar as the economic system has outpaced its legal and political counterparts. The future capability of legal and political systems to influence economic reproduction processes is therefore conditioned by equally radical transformations of their respective operational forms and self-understanding. Potentially the 2008 crisis, therefore, has far-reaching constitutional implications"--Provided by publisher.
Financial globalization, economic growth, and the crisis of 2007-09
Predicts a worse crash if key economic changes cannot be made, arguing that American consumer habits are at the heart of today's problems and recommends that the nation declare bankruptcy and rebuild broken systems from scratch.
The financial crisis : case: Nordea
Neoliberalism, austerity, and the moral economies of young people's health and well-being
Crisis and control : institutional change in financial market regulation
Economic elites, crises, and democracy : alternatives beyond neoliberal capitalism
The euro and the battle of ideas
Corporate governance, firm performance and firm risk-taking around the financial crisis
Russia after the global economic crisis
Essays on credit contagion and shocks in banking
The Asian crisis : is there a way out?
Based on the author's post-doctoral project conducted at the Montesquieu Institute at Maastricht University from 2009-2012. Parts of this book were presented in conferences and workshops in Maastricht (The Netherlands), Oxford (UK), Leuven (Belgium), Herztliya (Israel), Tallinn (Estonia) and Florence (Italy)
It is 1925 and the war is long over. But much has been lost and life will never truly be the same again. Castle Deverill, cherished home to the Deverill family in the west of Ireland for hundreds of years, has burned to the ground. But young and flighty Celia Deverill is determined to restore the sad ruins to its former glory. Celia married well and has the wealth, after all, to keep it in the family and she cannot bear to see it stand neglected. But dark shadows are gathering once more, as the financial markets start to shake. And everything that felt so certain is thrown once again into doubt.
Global financial integration thirty years on : from reform to crisis
Masters of the universe, slaves of the market
The great mirror of folly : finance, culture, and the crash of 1720
Credit rating agencies : their role in the global financial market
In the long aftermath of the acute global financial crisis of 2008/09, the need to get economies back on track and to handle high levels of public and private debt has created conflicting objectives.
Swimming with sharks : inside the world of the bankers
The effects of the 2008 financial crisis and its aftermath on firms’ capital structure determinants in Finland and Sweden
The wreckage
Emerging from the euro debt crisis : making the single currency work
Gender perspectives and gender impacts of the global economic crisis
The financial crisis and the free market cure : why pure capitalism is the world economy's only hope
Economic governance in Europe : comparative paradoxes and constitutional challenges
Dictatorship of failure : the discourse of democratic failure in the current European crisis
The accountability of financial regulators : a European and international perspective
The Financial Crisis in Europe and United States 2007-2010
Bank behaviour and resilience : the effect of structures, institutions and agents
Corporations in evolving diversity : cognition, governance, and institutions
Future lab Germany : innovations for tomorrow's world
Beyond the crisis : the governance of Europe's economic, political and legal transformation
The great stagnation : how America ate all the low-hanging fruit of modern history, got sick and will (eventually) feel better
"The financial and economic crisis that began in 2008 still has the world on tenterhooks. The gravity of the situation is matched by a general paucity of understanding about what is happening and how it started. In this book, based on his 2012 Adorno Lectures given in Frankfurt, Wolfgang Streeck places the crisis in the context of the long neoliberal transformation of postwar capitalism that began in the 1970s. He analyses the subsequent tensions and conflicts involving states, governments, voters and capitalist interests, as expressed in inflation, public debt, and rising private indebtedness. Streeck traces the transformation of the tax state into a debt state, and from there into the consolidation state of today. At the centre of the analysis is the changing relationship between capitalism and democracy, in Europe and elsewhere, and the advancing immunization of the former against the latter"--
The financial crisis of the 1990s in Finland and Japan
The problem with banks
On Balance Sheet Effects, Currency Crises and Monetary Policy
In London, the world's foremost financial centre, the week before the outbreak of the First World War saw the breakdown of the markets, culminating with the closure for the first time ever of the London Stock Exchange on Friday 31 July. Outside the Bank of England a long anxious queue waited to change bank notes for gold sovereigns. Bankers believed that a run on the banks was underway, threatening the collapse of the banking system—all with the nation on the eve of war. This book tells the extraordinary, and largely unknown, story of this acute financial crisis that surged over London and around the globe. Drawing on diaries, letters, and memoirs of participants and a wide range of press coverage, as well as government and bank archives, it presents a lively account of an episode in financial and social history, outlining the drama of the collapse and the measures taken to contain it. This crucial and compelling 'missing piece' in the world's financial development was the first true global financial crisis, and proved a landmark in the management of financial crises.
The European Union and the euro : how to deal with a currency built on dreams
The Penguin state of the world atlas
A comparative study of East Asian capitalism
A decade of debt
The great reset : how the post-crash economy will change the way we live and work
In the wake of the crisis : leading economists reassess economic policy
Regulating the systemic risk
The end of alchemy : money, banking and the future of global economy
Financial inclusion in Spain : a comparative study among banks, savings banks and cooperative banks
The five stages of collapse : survivors' toolkit
