http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25534 animated characters
animated characters
Transformers prime : official handbook
Zootropolis : the essential guide
Tradigital Maya : a CG animator's guide to applying the classic principles of animation
Timmy can dance!
ZBrush character sculpting. volume 1 : : projects, tips & techniques from the masters
Talking funny for money : An introduction to the cartoon/character/looping area of voice-overs
Pictoplasma : The Character Compendium
"Monsters, ghosts, fantastic beings, and supernatural phenomena of all sorts haunt the folklore and popular culture of Japan. Broadly labeled 'yokai,' these creatures come in infinite shapes and sizes, from tengu mountain goblins and kappa water spirits to shape-shifting foxes and long-tongued ceiling-lickers. Currently popular in anime, manga, film, and computer games, many yokai originated in local legends, folktales, and regional ghost stories. Drawing on years of research in Japan, Michael Dylan Foster unpacks the history and cultural context of yokai, tracing their roots, interpreting their meanings, and introducing people who have hunted them through the ages. In this delightful and accessible narrative, readers will explore the roles played by these mysterious beings within Japanese culture and will also learn of their abundance and variety through detailed entries, some with original illustrations, on more than fifty individual creatures. The Book of Yokai provides a lively excursion into Japanese folklore and its ever-expanding influence within global popular culture. It invites readers to examine how people create, transmit, and collect folklore, and how they make sense of the mysteries in the world around them. By exploring yokai as a concept, we can better understand broader processes of tradition, innovation, storytelling, and individual and communal creativity"--Provided by publisher.
Secrets Of Zbrush experts : tips, techniques, and insights for users of all abilities
Angry Birds toons. Season one, volume two
Costume design and illustration
Creative character design techniques : fostering "Happy accidents" with Neville Page
Sheep on the loose and Hiccups
The book of yokai : mysterious creatures of Japanese folklore
It takes two
Pictoplasma. 2, Contemporary character design
Monster High character encyclopedia
The art of Brave
Harry Potter : the creature vault
Star Wars rebels : visual guide : epic battles
Angry Birds toons. Season one, volume one
Anatomy for 3d artists : the essential guide for CG professionals
Wallace & Gromit : a matter of loaf and death : baker's dozen cook book
Animation methods : rigging made easy! : rig your first 3D character in Maya
How to Draw Transformers prime
The official Angry Birds joke book : eggs-travaganza!
Stop-motion animation : frame by frame film-making with puppets and models
Animated performance : bringing imaginary animal, human and fantasy characters to life
Meet the rebels
Blender 2.5 Character Animation Cookbook : 50 great recipes for giving soul to your characters by building high-quality rigs and understanding the principles of movement
Let's make Angry Birds cakes
Toy story 3 : the essential guide
Bitter lands : the making of a short animated film
Disney Infinity : play without limits : character encyclopedia
Angry Birds Star Wars : character encyclopedia
Create delicious dishes that look like your favorite Pokémon characters - from desserts to pizza - with more than 35 easy, fun recipes. Make a Pokémon ball sushi roll, Pikachu ramen or mashed Meowth potatoes for your next party, weekend activity or powered-up lunchbox.
How to cheat in Maya 2013 : tools and techniques for character animation
The Pokémon cookbook : easy & fun recipes
"'Anatomy for 3D Artists' is an essential teaching guide for sculpting human anatomy. Non-software specific, it is packed with everything today's 3D artist needs to know to tackle the difficult task of recreating the human form in 3D. Starting with 2D references, and moving on to practical and advanced 3D sculpting-including topology and animation preparation-every stage in the creation of an ideal male and female figure is covered. Featuring established artists such as Chris Legaspi and Mario Anger, there are also several master projects for an informative and in-depth overview of the 3D sculpting process, showing how the ideal human form can be adapted to fit any shape!"--Publisher annotation.
The lego movie : meet Unikitty!
The farmer's llamas
Pojo's Unofficial Ultimate Pokémon is a comprehensive review of everything to know and love about Pokémon with character profiles, anime and movie reviews, tips for building your team in the video games, collectors information about the Pokémon Trading Card Game, Pokémon puzzle pages, and more! Featuring all six generations of Pokémon, this is the ultimate guide for Pokémon fans of all ages.
Animation methods : becoming a 3D character animator : the only book you'll ever need
Angry Birds toons. Season two, volume one
A guide to stop-motion LEGO animation, with instructions and exercises covering all the steps in the filmmaking process. Includes equipment suggestions, sound and lighting tips, animation and special effects techniques, storyboarding exercises, tricks for designing sets, and acting methods for minifigs / Library of Congress.
Mickey mouse : emblem of the american spirit
Star Wars Rebels : the visual guide
Cloudy with a chance of meat balls : Xbox 360
Rabbids invasion : the interactive tv show : Xbox One
The LEGO animation book : make your own LEGO movies!
Pojo's Unofficial Ultimate Pokémon : from your first cards to the latest games and everything in between!
The world of Smurfs : a celebration of tiny blue proportions
Art of Pixar short films
Creative character design
Angry Birds toons. The complete season one : collector's edition
Timmy  needs a bath!
A guide to the art of the animated film discusses the process of creating and developing the characters and settings and includes storyboards, sketches, color scripts, concept art, and commentary by the director, producer, and artists.
Brave : the essential guide
Angry Birds Star Wars joke book
Pink globalization : Hello Kitty's trek across the Pacific
Cars : character encyclopedia
Animals real and imagined : the fantasy of what is and what might be
Shaun shoots the Sheep and Camping chaos
Cloudy with a chance of meat balls : PlayStation 3
Sculpting from the imagination : ZBrush
Angry Birds toons. Season three, volume two
Rabbids invasion : the interactive tv show : Xbox 360, Kinect
Acting and performance for animation
Rabbids invasion : the interactive tv show : PS4
The art of Tangled
Alive character design : for game, animation and film
Angry Birds amigurumi and more
Stop-motion puppet sculpting : a manual of foam injection, build-up and finishing techniques
"Stop-motion Animation teaches the skills required to develop as a creative stop-motion animator. It explores how all the elements of film-making - camera work, design, colour, lighting, editing, music and storytelling - come together in this unique art form. With advice on how to use the particular types of movement, characters and stories that typify stop-motion, this book is packed with tips and suggestions to help you get the most out of your stop-motion films, accompanied by illustrations and case studies demonstrating how film-making masters through the years have used it in feature films, short films and television. This second edition also introduces and explores two of the biggest innovations of recent years - at opposite ends of the industry. At the top-end, for film-makers with serious budgets, there is 3D printing in the creation of replacement parts for stop-motion characters while at the amateur/student end of the industry there are a variety of cheap, but effective, apps that can turn turn a smartphone into a mini stop-motion studio. The new edition also includes an extended project in each chapter, covering storytelling techniques, selecting an appropriate style, developing a character, set building and lighting, creating a performance and adding music. These projects combine to lead you through the creation of your first one-minute stop-motion animation"--
The dethalbum
A looney tunes sing-a-long Christmas
The art of How to train your dragon
Timmy helps a friend
Zbrush characters and creatures : projects, tips & techniques from the masters
ZBrush character creation : advanced digital sculpting
Drawn to life : volume two : 20 golden years of Disney master classes
The animator's eye : adding life to animation with timing, layout, design, color and sound
The art of Penguins of Madagascar
Rotoscoping : techniques and tools for the aspiring artist
World Of Warcraft : Chronicle volume 1.
Unreal development kit game design cookbook : over 100 recipes to accelerate the process of learning game design with UDK
Cartoon Network racing : PlayStation 2
Angry Birds toons. Season three, volume one
Facial animation of game characters
"A stunning, content-rich update to this top-selling ZBrush guide! This second edition of ZBrush Character Creation has been fully updated for ZBrush 4, the newest version of this fascinating and popular 3D sculpting software. ZBrush enables users to create detailed organic models using a brush-based toolset and tablet. The startling results look as though they've been painted with real brushes and oils, and ZBrush is increasingly popular for use in film, game, and broadcast pipelines. Author Scott Spencer is embedded in the ZBrush community and his movie credits include Harry Potter and The Order of the Phoenix and the upcoming The Hobbit. Learn Spencer's invaluable techniques for texturing, chiseling, posing, costuming, and more with his newest ZBrush guide. Explains ZBrush 4, the newest version of the revolutionary software tool for creating 3D organic models in a way that appears to be traditionally painted or sculpted Shows you how get the most out of ZBrush, from the fundamentals to new tools for texturing, chiseling, and costuming Offers plenty of insights and professional techniques for creating characters for films and games, drawing from the author's own experience on such films as Harry Potter and The Order of the Phoenix and The Hobbit Demonstrates the author's own techniques of using traditional sculpting and painting concepts and applying them to digital art for greater artistry Discover the beauty of ZBrush with this colorful, in-depth guide."--
Cloudy with a chance of meat balls : PC DVD-ROM
Pixar : character encyclopedia
Character mentor : learn by example to use expressions, poses, and staging to bring your characters to life
The art of Frozen : Disney / by Charles Solomon ; preface by John Lasseter ; foreword by Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee
Character design pipeline : production art & research techniques with BARONTiERi
Character design : from the ground up
Drawn to life : 20 golden years of Disney master classes
