http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25567 praise
praise
No other name
Fullness of joy
Hail to the king
Aftermath
For the bride
Wow hits 2015 : 30 of today's top Christian artists & hits
Rumours of angels
The Sound of heaven
Level ground : the live experience
Live in Miami : welcome  to the aftermath
Everyone overcome
Your great name
Kiss of heaven
More of the world's greatest praise songs : 50 favorite songs of worship
One way
Thank you Lord
Shalom Jerusalem : recorded live in Jerusalem
Born to worship
Patronage and poetry in the Islamic world : social mobility and status in the medieval Middle East and Central Asia
Wow gospel. 2004, 30 of the year's top gospel artists and songs
Holding nothing back
God is able : live
Let the praises ring : the best of Lincoln
Wow gospel. 2011 : 30 of the year's top gospel artists and songs
Love has a name
Y&F : We are young & free
Adonai : The power of worship from the land of Israel
Greatest hits
The sound of heaven : songbook
Zion : Deluxe edition
I came to worship you : live worship from the world prayer center
The I heart revolution : with hearts as one
Tear down the walls
Ashmont Hill
Panegyric poetry, in both Arabic and Persian, was one of the most important genres of literature in the medieval Middle East and Central Asia. Jocelyn Sharlet argues that panegyric poetry is important not only because it provides a commentary on society and culture in the medieval Middle East, but also because panegyric writing was one of the key means for individuals to gain social mobility and standing during this period. This is particularly so within the context of patronage, a central feature of social order during these times. Sharlet places the medieval Arabic and Persian panegyric firmly within its cultural context, and identifies it as a crucial way of gaining entry to and movement within this patronage network. This is an important contribution to the fields of pre-modern Middle Eastern and Central Asian literature and culture.
Cornerstone : Hillsong live
Worship next
Love God. Love people. the London sessions
The best worship songs... ever : 50 of the most popular modern worship songs
God gave me a song : 25th anniversary
All of the above
Songs for communion : 14 songs of intimate worship
The Cutting Edge years : 20th anniversary edition
Wow gospel worship : 12 powerful worship songs from your favorite gospel artists
One thing
Spirit to spirit : an interactive healing experience
It's Christmas
Surprised by God : praise responses in the narrative of Luke-Acts
The best new praise & worship songs... ever
Hope : live worship
Wow hits. 2011, 30 of today's top Christian artists and hits
1200 ft below sea level
For the honor
Extravagant worship : the songs of Reuben Morgan
Wow hits. 2013, deluxe edition : 30 of today's top Christian artists and hits
Wow gospel : the 90's : the biggest gospel songs of the 90's
Live : cornerstone
Uncharted territory
Songs 4 worship : soul
Faith + hope + love : live
Wow gospel 2006 : 30 of the year's top gospel artists and songs
Youth revival
Worship
The sound of grace : live worship from Focusfest 2001 with worship leader Geraldine Latty
A beautiful exchange
Worship favorites : men's edition
Glory revealed : The Word of God in Worship
Find rest : Life soaking worship  music
Revealing Jesus : a live worship experience
Glorious Ruins
Passion : Awakening
