http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25695 DNA analysis
DNA analysis
Clinical applications for next-generation sequencing
Neanderthal man : in search of lost genomes
Microbial controls of greenhouse gas emissions from boreal lakes
Oligonucleotide ligation assay : applications to molecular diagnosis of inherited disorders
The molecular background of severe mitochondrial respiratory chain deficiencies in children and adults, with special emphasis on mitochondrial cardiomyopathies
Biomolecular archaeology : an introduction
Advanced methods in diagnostic genetic laboratory
Next-generation genome sequencing : towards personalized medicine
Prevalence and evolution of human parvoviruses
Role of the RNF8, UBC13, MMS2 and RAD51C DNA damage response genes and rare copy number variants in hereditary predisposition to breast cancer
Applications of automated DNA analysis : a study of genes of the polyamine biosynthetic pathway
Wild and domestic animals as hosts of Toxoplasma gondii in Finland
Staphylococcus aureus bacteraemia - Disease progression and prognosis
Detection of bovine foetal DNA from amniotic fluid using the polymerase chain reaction
Molecular diagnostics of rare inherited SYNDROMES with a view on diagnostic test development
Application of morphometry, static DNA ploidy analysis, and steroid receptor expression in diagnosis and prognosis of Libyan breast cancer
The Romanovs : the final chapter
High performance parallelization of pattern matching algorithms
Bioinformatics for DNA sequence analysis
Bioinformatics for high throughput sequencing
Mathematical and statistical aspects of DNA and protein sequence analysis : a discussion
Next Generation Sequencing: Current Technologies and Applications
Discover the world of microbes : bacteria, archaea, and viruses
Gene cloning and DNA analysis : an introduction
Proatherogenic effects of common pathogens on liver, adipose tissue and coronary artery disease
Gel electrophoresis of nucleic acids : a practical approach
Native American DNA : tribal belonging and the false promise of genetic science
Bioinformatics : sequence and genome analysis
Principles and techniques of practical biochemistry
cDNA library protocols
Biochemistry laboratory : modern theory and techniques
Role of the <em>RNF8</em>, <em>UBC13</em>, <em>MMS2</em> and <em>RAD51C</em> DNA damage response genes and rare copy number variants in hereditary predisposition to breast cancer
Ancient DNA : recovery and analysis of genetic material from paleontological, archaeological, museum, medical, and forensic specimens
Plant virology protocols : from viral sequence to protein function
Spatial and temporal variation is a universal feature in most organisms in nature, commonly reflecting the past evolutionary history of the species as well as the prevailing environmental conditions. The purpose of this doctoral thesis study was to investigate the genetic and phenotypic variation, and to assess the roles of the different processes affecting them in the moose (Alces alces). Altogether 809 DNA samples of moose, gathered throughout Finland and the Republic of Karelia in Russia, were analysed with a variety of population genetic methods. Furthermore, the shape of the moose mandible was investigated with the help of geometric morphometrics using a subset of samples gathered from 179 moose in Finland. This study showed that the Finnish and especially the Karelian moose population harboured relatively high genetic diversity, albeit with clear regional differences in its spatial distribution. In the northern half of Finland, a secondary contact of two diverged mitochondrial lineages was revealed. The presence of the two lineages was interpreted to reflect the existence of allopatric refugia of moose during the Last Glacial Maximum and the subsequent bi-directional recolonisation of Fennoscandia. Furthermore, a spatially explicit Bayesian clustering analysis suggested existence of three genetic clusters, which were estimated to have split after the post-glacial recolonisation. The results also showed that past declines in the moose numbers during the 18th and 19th centuries led to population bottlenecks, leaving a genetic imprint. Thus, the present moose population in eastern Fennoscandia carries the signs of both ancient and more recent events in its genetic composition. Finally, a significant latitudinal shift was revealed in the shape of the moose mandible. The pattern was considered independent of the genetic clustering of the population. The main changes included an enlargement of the attachment surfaces of the muscles controlling biting and mastication, implying more effective mastication in the north compared with the south, possibly an adaptive response to a longer period of hard wintertime diet. The results of this thesis encourage continuation of studies on the moose in order to fully reveal the impact of particular historical events and especially anthropogenic factors on the genetic and phenotypic variation of this species. They also provide the starting point for ‘genetically enlightened’ moose management and conservation in Finland.
Sequencing of proteins and peptides
PCR applications : protocols for functional genomics
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration in Finland:molecular genetics and clinical aspects
Mobile DNA : finding treasure in junk
A beginner's guide to microarrays
(Publisher-supplied data) Known world-wide as the standard introductory text to this important and exciting area, the sixth edition of Gene Cloning and DNA Analysis addresses new and growing areas of research whilst retaining the philosophy of the previous editions. Assuming the reader has little prior knowledge of the subject, its importance, the principles of the techniques used and their applications are all carefully laid out, with over 250 clearly presented four-colour illustrations. In addition to a number of informative changes to the text throughout the book, the final four chapters have been significantly updated and extended to reflect the striking advances made in recent years in the applications of gene cloning and DNA analysis in biotechnology. Gene Cloning and DNA Analysis remains an essential introductory text to a wide range of biological sciences students; including genetics and genomics, molecular biology, biochemistry, immunology and applied biology. It is also a perfect introductory text for any professional needing to learn the basics of the subject. All libraries in universities where medical, life and biological sciences are studied and taught should have copies available on their shelves. " ... the book content is elegantly illustrated and well organized in clear-cut chapters and subsections ... there is a Further Reading section after each chapter that contains several key references ... What is extremely useful, almost every reference is furnished with the short but distinct author's remark." --Journal of Heredity, 2007 (on the previous edition)
Molecular Palaeopathology : ancient DNA analyses of the bacterial diseases tuberculosis and leprosy
Microarray analysis
Gene quantification in food microbiology using 5'-nuclease PCR
Naming Jack the Ripper : new crime scene evidence, a stunning forensic breakthrough, the killer revealed
Development of amplification-based technologies for enrichment of nucleic acids with difficult sequences or low-abundance point mutations
Statistical analysis of gene expression microarray data
Molecular ecolution : producing the biochemical data. Part B
This text explores the most recent advances in NGS instrumentation and data analysis. It begins with a comprehensive description of current NSG platforms, their sequencing chemistries, instrument specifications, and general workflows and procedures. A separate chapter is dedicated to low-quantity, single molecule sequencing technology. Further chapters explore the application of NSG technologies in various fields.
Effect of host-plant use on speciation and parasitoid community structure in internal-feeding sawflies
A taxonomic revision of the Taeniidae Ludwig, 1886 based on molecular phylogenies
Genetic and phenotypic variation of the moose (Alces alces)
A post-genomic forensic crime drama : CSI: Crime Scene Investigation as cultural forum of science
Joint effects of infections with different types of human papillomavirus on risk of cervical neoplasia
Biochemistry laboratory : modern theories and techniques
Human papillomavirus vaccine immune response and protectivity
DNA microarrays
What can we learn from the genes of our closest evolutionary relatives? Beginning with the study of DNA in Egyptian mummies in the early 1980s and culminating in his sequencing of the Neanderthal genome in 2009.  From Paabo, we learn how Neanderthal genes offer a unique window into the lives of our hominin relatives and may hold the key to unlocking the mystery of why humans survived while Neanderthals went extinct.  Drawing on genetic and fossil clues, Paabo explores what is known about the origin of modern humans and their relationship to the Neanderthals and describes the fierce debate surrounding the nature of the two species' interactions
Summary: The text and texture of Estonian fairy tales : an archive-centred view.
DNA microarray data analysis
Recent developments in sequencing methods have enabled whole genome sequencing of several species and the available sequence information has allowed the development of high throughput genotyping chips. However, these genotyping methods require high quality DNA. The possibility to genotype samples based on DNA from non-invasive sources would permit retrospective genotyping of previously collected samples and also facilitate the analysis of large populations e.g. for genomic selection. In this study we have developed and evaluated different DNA preparation methods from porcine hair root follicles for high throughput genotyping with the PorcineSNP60 Genotyping BeadChip (Illumina). We describe a method for DNA extraction from porcine hair root samples, which produces results from high throughput genotyping with the same high degree of accuracy as previously reported for DNA extracted from sperm, blood or tissue samples. This method was used for the genotyping of 273 hair follicle samples. When the DNA concentration was > 30 ng/µl all samples had the same high call rate ( > 99%) as sperm samples confirming the robustness of this DNA extraction method for high throughput genotyping. Our data also establishes the suitability of the PorcineSNP60 BeadChip for genotyping the Finnish Landrace population.
Nucleolar function in cellular stress
Seasonal feeding strategies of subarctic zooplankton
Toll-like receptor 9 in alimentary tract cancers
Taxonomy of prokaryotes
Studies of microarray data analysis with applications for human cancers
Data minig of the DNA microarray experiment in drug development
Topics in fluorescence spectroscopy. Volume 7, DNA technology
Exploration and analysis of DNA microarray and protein array data
Evolution and ecological aspects of parthenogenetic and sexual bagworm moths (Lepidoptera: Psychidae: Naryciinae)
Genomics approaches to study music perception and performance
New applications for immunoassay based protein microarrays
Phylogenetic analysis of DNA sequences
Functional genomics : a practical approach
Analysis of genes and genomes
The amount and extractability of DNA in different parts of MON810 GM hybrid was studied during different developmental stages. To quantify GM contents, an evaluation was performed of the effect of plant development stage on DNA density. To this end, the evolution of weights, absolute DNA yields, DNA densities and ratios of endosperm and embryo relative to total maize kernel were studied. Sampling at four stages during the growth shows an influence on relative GM quantification based on haploid genome equivalents, due to the specific maize seed composition and differences in DNA extractability from different seed tissues. During plant growth, plant parts with potential GM genes (embryo in kernel and cob on total plant) increase in importance on weight and DNA concentration level, while the endosperm drops in relative importance. Expected % GM maize values are calculated for a whole field harvest of grain maize.
Serotonergic modulation of CCK-4-induced panic
Principles of genome analysis and genomics
Biochip technology
Influence of plant developmental stage on DNA yield and extractability in MON810 maize
Survey and evaluation of algorithms for performing RNA-seq data processing
Comparison of different DNA extraction methods from hair root follicles to genotype Finnish Landrace boars with the Illumina PorcineSNP60 BeadChip
Ancient DNA typing : methods, strategies, and applications
Acquired or inherited prestige? : molecular studies of family structures and local horses in Central Svealand during the Early Medieval period
A taxonomic revision of the Taeniidae Ludwig, 1886 : based on molecular phylogenies
Plant DNA fingerprinting and barcoding : methods and protocols
Identification of disease causing mutations in early-onset neuropathies by exome sequencing
Beethoven's hair
Epigenetic characteristics of Lynch syndrome-associated and sporadic tumorigenesis
