http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25639 internet addiction
internet addiction
Mental Health in the Digital Age, written by distinguished international experts, comprehensively examines the intersection between digital technology and mental health.
Digital kids : how to balance screen time, and why it matters
The distraction addiction : getting the information you need and the communication you want without enraging your family, annoying your colleagues, and destroying your soul
Mental health in the digital age : grave dangers, great promise
Cyber surfing is bad for your health
From one of the world's leading experts in cyberpsychology--a discipline that combines psychology, forensics, and technology--comes a groundbreaking exploration of the impact of technology on human behavior. In the first book of its kind, Mary Aiken applies her expertise in cyber-behavioral analysis to a range of subjects, including criminal activity on the Deep Web and Darknet; deviant behavior; Internet addictions; the impact of technology on the developing child; teenagers and the Web; cyber-romance and cyber-friendships; cyberchondria; the future of artificial intelligence; and the positive effects on our digital selves, such as online altruism.
Understanding addiction behaviours : theoretical and clinical practice in health and social care
The everything parent's guide to teenage addiction : a comprehensive and supportive reference to help your child recover from addiction
Understanding addiction has never been more important, as many professionals, from counsellors and nurses, to social workers and health psychologists, encounter addictive behaviour on a daily basis. Looking at addiction in all of its forms, this multi-disciplinary book provides a comprehensive introduction to the substances and the activities which can lead to excessive and addictive behaviour. It discusses pharmacological addictions, including both legal and illegal substances. It also covers nonpharmacological dependencies (such as internet addiction, eating disorders, gambling and sexual addiction) which, despite their prevalence, are often absent from the literature on addiction. Drawing on the field's broad evidence base, the book features: a- coverage of eleven types of addictive substances and activities, outlining signs, symptoms, adverse consequences and assessment and intervention strategies for each; a- a range of engaging reflective activities and case studies to link theoretical discussion directly to practice; a- analysis of the broader context of addiction, including dual diagnosis and harm reduction, and issues relating to diversity and service provision. Offering a rigorous introduction to the full spectrum of addictive behaviour, this book is essential reading for anyone seeking to understand the nature of addiction for contemporary practice.
Cyber junkie : escape the gaming and internet trap
It's complicated : the social lives of networked teens
Internet addiction : a handbook and guide to evaluation and treatment
On the nature of Internet addiction : what is it and how is it measured?
Disconnect
What is new about how teenagers communicate through services such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram? Does social media affect the quality of teens' lives? In this eye-opening book, youth culture and technology expert Danah Boyd uncovers some of the major myths regarding teens' use of social media. She explores tropes about identity, privacy, safety, danger and bullying. Ultimately, Boyd argues that society fails young people when paternalism and protectionism hinder teenagers' ability to become informed, thoughtful and engaged citizens through their online interactions. Yet despite an environment of rampant fear-mongering, Boyd finds that teens often find ways to engage and to develop a sense of identity. Boyd's conclusions are essential reading not only for parents, teachers and others who work with teens, but also for anyone interested in the impact of emerging technologies on society, culture and commerce in years to come. Offering insights gleaned from more than a decade of original fieldwork interviewing teenagers across the United States, Boyd concludes reassuringly that the kids are all right. At the same time, she acknowledges that coming to terms with life in a networked era is not easy or obvious. In a technologically mediated world, life is bound to be complicated.
The cyber effect : a pioneering cyberpsychologist explains how human behavior changes online
Meatspace
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Overseas Internet poker and problem gambling in Finland 2007 : a secondary data analysis of a Finnish population survey
For many children and teens daily Internet use is the norm - but where should we draw the line when it comes to digital media usage? This handy book lays out the essential information needed to understand and prevent excessive Internet use that negatively impacts behaviour, education, family life, and even physical health. Martin L. Kutscher, MD analyses neurological, psychological and educational research and draws on his own experience to show when Internet use stops being a good thing and starts to become excessive. He shows how to spot digital addictions, and offers whole family approaches for limiting the harmful effects of too much screen time, such as helping kids to learn to control their own Internet use. He tackles diverse questions ranging from the effects of laptops in the classroom and reading on a digital screen, to whether violent videogames lead to aggression. The author also explains how ADHD and Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) can make you more susceptible to Internet addiction, suggesting practical strategies to suit these specific needs. Discussing both the good and bad aspects of the internet, this book tells you everything you need to know to help children and young people use the internet in a healthy, balanced way.
Sustainable solutions for last mile Internet access in developing countries : critical success factors
The question of our time: can we reclaim our lives in an age that feels busier and more distracting by the day? We have all found ourselves checking email at the dinner table, holding our breath while waiting for Outlook to load, or sitting hunched in front of a screen for an hour longer than we intended. Mobile devices and the web have invaded our lives, and this is a big idea book that addresses one of the biggest questions of our age: can we stay connected without diminishing our intelligence, attention spans, and ability to really live? Can we have it all? Here the author, a Stanford University technology guru, says yes. His book is packed with fascinating studies, compelling research, and crucial takeaways. Whether it is breathing while Facebook refreshes, or finding creative ways to take a few hours away from the digital crush, this book is about the ways to tune in without tuning out. - Publisher.
Four essays on IT users' psychological states and behaviors
Virtually you : the dangerous powers of the e-personality
