http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25697 art-craft professionals
art-craft professionals
Encore! : the new artisans
Painters
Conscience of glass : makers of artistic and artisanal glass in Finland : realities, vocation and relation with the industrial past
Ornamented journey
Handmade in Italy
The era of Fabergé
The alternate personality of the goldsmith
10th time : Designers, artisans and artists of the Fiskars Co-operative
Handmade in Namibia : design collaborations [sic] in artisan communities
The story of craft : the craftsman's role in society
Visual poetry and humane landscape
The craft and the makers : tradition with attitude
While the industrial revolution of the nineteenth century diminished the role of the craftsperson in the manufacturing process, the digital revolution has had a less devastating effect. Today's digital technologies have given rise to entirely new working methods, skill sets, and consumer products that don't eliminate, but enrich traditional hand techniques. Digital Handmade presents eighty international designers, artists, and craftsmen who combine the precision and flexibility of computing and digital fabrication with the skill and tactility of the master artisan to create unexpected and desirable objects and products. These pioneers include Louise Lemieux Bérubé, a Canadian artist whose work integrates photography and weaving; Australian jewelry designer Cinnamon Lee, whose designs explore the relationship between hand and machine; and Japanese artists Nendo, who produce ceramic pieces that employ both digital fabrication and ancient traditional methods.
The renaissance workshop / edited by David Saunders, Marika Spring and Andrew Meek
Contemporary crafts
The designer's ally
Choosing craft : the artist's viewpoint
Masons and sculptors
Developing and marketing crafts tourism
Handcrafted Porvoo : a travel guide to an old city
The craftsman / Richard sennett
Mexican folk art from Oaxacan artist families
Handmade nation: the rise of diy, art, craft, and design
Handicrafts survey monograph on lac ornaments
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
A history of hallmarks
Women and the material culture of needlework and textiles, 1750-1950
Reframing the scholarship on women and material culture, this volume explores how women from widely different times and places made meaning, and formed identities, through the materials they created and consumed, with focus on the fiber arts, consumption and collecting, and the production of material objects.
The art of not making : the new artist/artisan relationship
English medieval industries : craftsmen, techniques, products
Designing the creative tourism experience : a service design process with Namibian craftspeople
Taitokortteli : a story of a dream come true
The culture of knitting
Contemporary Sami art and design
A dialogue with glass
By hand : the use of craft in contemporary art
The invention of craft
The instinct of workmanship and the state of the industrial arts
Irelands traditional crafts
Economics of artists and arts policy : selection of papers
Can an artist claim that an object is a work of art if it has been made for him or her by someone else? If so, who is the author of such a work? And just what is the difference between a work of art and a work of craft? In the first book of its kind, Michael Petry tackles these questions head on.
Treasure of Nepal
Craftivism : the art of craft and activism
"From the canonical texts of the Arts and Crafts Movement to the radical thinking of today's "DIY" movement, from theoretical writings on the position of craft in distinction to Art and Design to how-to texts from renowned practitioners, from feminist histories of textiles to descriptions of the innovation born of necessity in Soviet factories and African auto-repair shops...The Craft Reader presents the first comprehensive anthology of writings on modern craft. Covering the period from the Industrial Revolution to today, the Reader draws on craft practice and theory from America, Europe, Asia and Africa. The world of craft is considered in its full breadth -- from pottery and weaving, to couture and chocolate-making, to contemporary art, architecture and curation. The writings are themed into sections and all extracts are individually introduced, placing each in its historical, cultural and artistic context. Bringing together an astonishing range of both classic and contemporary texts, The Craft Reader will be invaluable to any student or practitioner of Craft and also to readers in Art and Design. AUTHORS INCLUDE: Theodor Adorno, Anni Albers, Amadou H., Charles Babbage, Roland Barthes, Andrea Branzi, Alison Britton, Rafael Cardoso, Johanna Drucker, Charles Eames, Salvatore Ferragamo, Kenneth Frampton, Alfred Gell, Walter Gropius, Tanya Harrod, Martin Heidegger, Patrick Heron, Bernard Leach, Esther Leslie, W. R. Lethaby, Lucy Lippard, Adolf Loos, Karl Marx, William Morris, Robert Morris, Lee Ufan, Frank Lloyd Wright"--Provided by publisher.
The art of not making : the new artist/artisan relationship / Michael Petry
Women and things, 1750-1950 : gendered material strategies
African majesty : the textile art of the Ashanti and Ewe
In her hands : craftswomen changing the world
Digital handmade : craftmanship and the new industrial revolution
Knitknit : profiles and projects from knitting's new wave
Folk tradition and artistic inspiration : a woman's life in traditional Estonian jewelry and crafts as told by Anne and Roosi
The glass Madonna
Blogging for Bliss : crafting your own online journal, a guide for crafters, artists & cratives of all kinds
Storylines : craftartists' narratives of identity
Red brick, Black Mountain, white clay : reflections on art, family, and survival
"Glenn Adamson's last book, Thinking Through Craft, offered an influential account of craft's position within modern and contemporary art. Now, in his engaging sequel, The Invention of Craft, his theoretical discussion of skilled work is extended back in time and across numerous disciplines. Adamson searches out the origins of modern craft, locating its emergence in the period of the industrial revolution. He demonstrates how craft was invented as industry's "other", a necessary counterpart to ideas of progress and upheaval. In the process, the magical and secretive culture of artisans was gradually dominated through division and explication. This left craft with an oppositional stance, a traditional or anti-modern position. The Invention of Craft ranges widely across media, from lock-making, wood-carving and iron-casting to fashion, architecture and design. It also moves back and forth between periods, from the 18th century to the present day, demonstrating how contemporary practice can be informed through the study of modern craft in its moment of invention".
In defence of crafts living memory
Arts & crafts in Britain and America
Last of the line : traditional British craftsmen
Artistic Bellona in the contemporary art of Solomon Islands
The grimace of Macho Ratón : artisans, identity, and nation in late-twentieth-century western Nicaragua
The craft reader
New craft future voices : proceedings of the Dundee Conference, July 04-06, 2007
Master masons
"An unforgettable voyage across the reaches and the depths of memory, Red Brick, Black Mountain, White Clay tells the story of America's artistic birth. Following his family back through the generations, renowned critic Christopher Benfey unearths an ancestry--and an aesthetic--that is quintessentially American. His mother descends from colonial craftsmen, such as the Quaker artist-explorer William Bartram. Benfey's father--along with his aunt and uncle, the famed Bauhaus artists Josef and Anni Albers--escaped from Nazi Europe by fleeing to the American South. Struggling to find themselves in this new world, Benfey's family found strength and salvation in the rich craft tradition grounded in America's vast natural landscape. Threading these stories together into a radiant and mesmerizing harmony, Red Brick, Black Mountain, White Clay is an extraordinary quest to the heart of America and the origins of its art".
Artisans of empire : crafts and craftspeople under the Ottomans
Artisan and craftsman : Bertel Gardberg : artist, academician
The new artisans : handmade designs for contemporary living
Profiling over seventy artisans who use craft techniques to create stylish, whimsical, desirable objects, this book features hundreds of one-of-a-kind, handmade wonders from all over the world.--From publisher description.
Activating Fengxi retirees' life through service co-design : a design proposal and challenges
Thinking through craft
Scribes and illuminators
Käsityön ulottuvuuksia = Hantverk = Dimensions of handicraft
The meanings of modern design : towards the twenty-first century
British craftsmanship
Summary: Chair, a glassmaking team.
Handmade in America : conversations with fourteen craftmasters
