http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25668 applied arts
applied arts
Moving in! : art-based approaches to work with the youth : MIMO project 2010-2013
Community Music Today highlights community music workers who constantly improvise and reinvent to lead through music and other expressive media. It answers the perennial question "What is community music? " through a broad, international palette of contextual shades, hues, tones, and colors. With over fifty musician/educators participating, the book explores community music in global contexts, interconnections, and marginalized communities, as well as artistry and social justice in performing ensembles. This book is both a response to and a testimony of what music is and can do, music's place in people's lives, and the many ways it unites and marks communities. As documented in case studies, community music workers may be musicians, teachers, researchers, and activists, responding to the particular situations in which they find themselves. Their voices are the threads of the multifaceted tapestry of musical practices at play in formal, informal, nonformal, incidental, and accidental happenings of community music.
Living as form : socially engaged art from 1991-2011
Interrupting the city : artistic constitutions of the public sphere
Social-specificity in practice
"They're smiling from ear to ear" : wellbeing effects from social circus
Aesthetic engagement in museum exhibitions
Routledge companion to contemporary anthropology
The Oxford handbook of applied ethnomusicology
Summary.
In What We Made, Tom Finkelpearl examines the activist, participatory, coauthored aesthetic experiences being created in contemporary art. He suggests social cooperation as a meaningful way to think about this work and provides a framework for understanding its emergence and acceptance. In a series of fifteen conversations, artists comment on their experiences working cooperatively, joined at times by colleagues from related fields, including social policy, architecture, art history, urban planning, and new media--[Publisher].
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland: action research in snow and ice design
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland : action research in snow and ice design
Fantasy design in community : 2009-2011
Public sphere by performance
A cookbook to art and integration in Finland
Runoteltta = The Poem tent
Art and design in the interests of well-being
A story of 100 feeders
Changing lives : Gustavo Dudamel, El Sistema, and the transformative power of music
Design research through practice : from the lab, field, and showroom
Center and periphery in representations and institutions : proceedings from the ISI conference in Imatra, July 16-21, 1990
Artificial hells : participatory art and the politics of spectatorship
El Sistema : orchestrating Venezuela's youth
Moving on! : encounters and experiences in arts - working multiprofessionally with the youth : MIMO Project 2010-2013
"Performing Objects and Theatrical Things rethinks historical and contemporary theatre, performance, and cultural events from the perspective of the objects and things that activate stages, venues, environments, and archives. Embracing methodologies from across the humanities and social sciences, we understand physical materials as actants, with particular frequencies, energies, and potentials to affect human and nonhuman worlds. The texts, stage properties, instruments, costumes, photographs, and detritus that animate this collection emerge from the thirteenth- to the twenty-first century, traversing sites across Europe and North America. Challenging anthropocentric narratives that foreground humans as sole agents, our authors present object and 'thingcentric' methodologies that range from deeply personal autoethnographic reflections and close textual readings to carefully researched archival studies and rhizomatic explorations of an object's journey from one place and time to another"--
What we made : conversations on art and social cooperation
Cool : applied visual arts in the North
Manifesto now! : instructions for performance, philosophy, politics
Moving on! : encounters and experiences in Arts - working multiprofessionally with the youth : MIMO project 2010-2013
Community music today
Community music : a handbook
Art and beyond : Finnish approaches to aesthetics
Exploration of microtopia based on issues of surveillance in the Kamppi shopping center
Mapping applied visual art: a research journey in the streams of art and design
Performing objects and theatrical things
Aesthetics in practice : proceedings, XIIIth International congress of aesthetics, Lahti, Finland August 1-5 1995. 3, Practical aesthetics : in practice and theory
The Reflexive Teaching Artist invites Teaching Artists at all levels of experience to consider the power of reflective practice. Kathryn Dawson and Daniel A. Kelin, II offer a reflective framework – a series of foundational concepts, including intentionality, quality, artistic perspective, assessment, and praxis – illuminated through reflexive case-study examples from Teaching Artists in a wide range of settings. The authors write from the dual perspectives of artist and educator to raise fundamental questions about the complex intentions, relationships and function of the teaching artist in school, community, and professional theatre settings. Through questions, guided reflection activities, collected wisdom from the field, and an introductory action-research model, Dawson, Kelin and their contributors closely examine the practice of teaching in, through, and about drama and theatre.
Counselling. Vol 1, The BAC counselling reader
Artistic research in public space : participation in material-based art
Interrupting the City explores the ways in which artistic practices and interventions constitute the public sphere. To interrupt the city (be it digitally or materially) means to arrest the flow or circulation that the city consists of. The tactics by which this interruption is achieved may vary, ranging from a media offensive to riots in the streets, but each and every time these activities affect the public sphere, also make the public sphere. Thus, the public domain is constituted by a combination of social, political and media forces, in a continuous flux, continuously being interrupted. This book attempts to chart the conditions under which one is able to develop a voice in the public sphere, and to ask in what way these conditions could be altered by means of artistic interventions. Its contributions delve into the relations between artistic practices and the public space, including the various relations between art and politics.
Mapping applied visual art : a research journey in the streams of art and design
Elements of culture : an applied perspective
Applied theatre : aesthetics
Culture on your doorstep : the Arabianranta district as a powerful creative community ; cultural development at the Arabia district Urbaani luovuus project, 2007-2010
Blood, sweat & theory
Reframing difference in organizational communication studies : research, pedagogy, practice
Moving in! : art-based approaches to work with the youth : MIMO project 2010–2013
When 28-year-old Gustavo Dudamel ascended the podium at the Hollywood Bowl for his inaugural concert as conductor of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, he immediately captivated the hearts of his audience and the minds of critics. Here, the young maestro's story becomes the entry point to an equally captivating subject: El Sistema, the Venezuelan music education program that took Dudamel from child violinist to conductor extraordinaire. The story of El Sistema begins with a remarkable visionary: Venezuelan musician and economist Jos©♭ Antonio Abreu, who understood that music can transform the lives of children in poverty. Beginning with eleven music students in an abandoned garage, Abreu created a nationwide miracle, putting instruments into the hands of hundreds of thousands of underprivileged children and bringing hope and meaning to countless young people, families, and communities throughout his country. Combining firsthand interviews with compelling stories, Tricia Tunstall illuminates the development of El Sistema's unique model. As she describes the recent explosion of El Sistema-inspired programs around the world, it becomes apparent that this is not just a program, it's a movement. El Sistema is an effective model for social and educational reform in the United States and beyond . No matter where it takes root, the goal of El Sistema is unwavering: to rescue children from the depredations of poverty through music.--From publisher description.
The reflexive teaching artist : collected wisdom from the drama/theatre field
Soveltavan kuvataiteen AVAUS 2013, Applied Visual Arts and US - AVAUS 2013
Applied Theatre: Aesthetics re-examines how the idea of 'the aesthetic' is relevant to performance in social settings. The disinterestedness that traditional aesthetics claims as a key characteristic of art makes little sense when making performances with ordinary people, rooted in their lives and communities, and with personal and social change as its aim. Yet practitioners of applied arts know that their work is not reducible to social work, therapy or education. Reconciling the simultaneous autonomy and heteronomy of art is the problem of aesthetics in applied arts. Gareth White's introductory essay reviews the field, and proposes an interdisciplinary approach that builds on new developments in evolutionary, cognitive and neuro-aesthetics alongside the politics of art. It addresses the complexities of art and the aesthetic as everyday behaviours and responses. The second part of the book is made up of essays from leading experts and new voices in the practice and theory of applied performance, reflecting on the key problematics of applying performance with non-performers. New and innovative practice is described and interrogated, and fresh thinking is introduced in response to perennial problems.
