http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25689 aunts
aunts
Freaky families
By the pricking of my thumbs
The book of tomorrow
Her fearful symmetry
"How to Set a Fire and Why is a blistering, singular, devastating novel by Jesse Ball ("A young genius who hits all of the right notes." --Chicago Tribune) about a teenage girl who has lost everything and will burn anything. Lucia has been kicked out of school, again, this time for stabbing a boy in the neck with a pencil. Her father is dead; her mother is in a mental institute; and she's living in a garage-turned-bedroom with her aunt. Making her way through the world with only a book, a Zippo lighter, and a pocket full of stolen licorice, Lucia spends her days riding the bus to visit her mother in The Home, avoiding the landlord who hates her, and following the only rule that makes any sense: Don't Do Things You Aren't Proud Of. When Lucia starts at Whistler High it seems no different from the schools that came before: girls play field hockey, chasing the ball like dogs, the school psychologist has beanbag chairs in her office, and detention means sitting silently surrounded by stupid people ("I am a veteran of detention"). But when Lucia discovers a secret Arson Club, she will do anything to be a part of it. With a biting wit and striking intelligence that she can't fully hide, Lucia animates her small-town life: the parties at an abandoned water park, visits to the 24-hour donut shop where her friend Lana's cousin works, the little island in the middle of a medical park where kids go to drink. As Lucia's fascination with the Arson Club grows, her chronicle becomes a riveting story of family, loss, misguided friendship, and destruction"--
How to set a fire and why
Mr Splitfoot
The last little blue envelope
The house of eyes
The miseducation of Cameron Post
A medal for Leroy
In trouble with Great Aunt Twitter
Android in the attic
All that is solid melts into air
Travels with my aunt
In the early 1990s, when gay teenager Cameron Post rebels against her conservative Montana ranch town and her family decides she needs to change her ways, she is sent to a gay conversion therapy center. – WorldCat.
Elspeth Hart and the school for show-offs
Aunt Sass : Christmas stories
Campari for breakfast
Uncle, aunt and Jezebel
Mathias and Mathilda
Nowhere boy
James and the giant peach
Rascal and the wedding
Family ties : a novel
How Tom beat Captain Najork and his hired sportsmen
Roald Dahl's phizz-whizzing audio collection
Who ate auntie Iris?
Presentation of 29 Finnish illustrators
There was an old lady who swallowed a fly
