http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25633 multimodality
multimodality
"This is a gorgeous-looking movie" : multimodal interplay between commentary and subject materials in movie review entertainment
"The Language of Gaming examines the complex language of videogames and gaming from a discourse analytical perspective. Astrid Ensslin studies the discourses inscribed in videogames by their producers, as well as gamer and media meta-discourses, and focal areas include gamer slang, illocution, multimodality, and narrative structures"--Provided by publisher.
Multimodal texts from around the world : cultural and linguistic insights
Subtitles and language learning : principles, strategies and practical experiences
Multimodal discourse : the modes and media of contemporary communication
Provides an introduction to Arduino, Kinect and Processing and includes step-by-step instructions for ten projects.
In this wide-ranging collection, leading scholars, researchers, and emergent researchers from around the world come together and present examples of multimodal discourse analysis in practice. The book illustrates new theoretical, methodological and empirical research into new technologies such as the internet, software, CD-ROM, video, and older technologies such as film, newspapers, brands or billboards. Each chapter demonstrates how aspects of multimodal theory and method can be used to conduct research into these and other multimodal texts. Taken together, the book advances the field of multimodal discourse analysis and offers a range of current studies that address some of the most important questions facing researchers and students when investigating new or old technologies multimodally in linguistics, education, communication studies, sociology, anthropology and other fields.
"This introductory textbook explores and analyses the various approaches to multimodality and offers the first comprehensive, in-depth survey of all aspects of the text-image relation.The text-image relationship has long been a cornerstone of diverse approaches to multimodality and there are many different accounts. This book leads students into each of the approaches discussed, brings out their strengths and weaknesses using illustrative example analyses and includes exercises and research questions to reinforce learning. Throughout the book, John Bateman looks at a wide range of perspectives: socio-semiotics, visual communication, psycholinguistic approaches to discourse, rhetorical approaches to advertising and visual persuasion, and cognitive metaphor theory. Applications of the styles of analyses presented are discussed for a variety of materials, including textbooks, PowerPoint presentations, picture books, technical manuals and comics. Requiring no prior knowledge of the area, this is an accessible text for all students studying text and image or multimodality within English language and linguistics, media and communication studies, visual and design studies"--
Fingerspelling English words in Finnish sign language context : a multimodal view on interaction
The pragmatics of discourse coherence : theories and applications
Meaning making in text : multimodal and multilingual functional perspectives
"Experience the real New Zealand - Maori culture as it is today" : representations of New Zealand and Maoris in Maori tourism websites
Multimodal Epistemologies : towards an integrated framework
Moving ideas : multimodality and embodied learning in communities and schools
Branding Obama : the 2008 presidential election campaign in its social context
Heritage, affect and emotion : politics, practices and infrastructures
Multiliteracy centers : writing center work, new media, and multimodal rhetoric
Language online : investigating digital texts and practices
A nexus analysis of English in the everyday life of FinSL signers : a multimodal view on interaction
Films, graphic novels & visuals : developing multiliteracies in foreign language education : an interdisciplinary approach
Spoken corpus linguistics : from monomodal to multimodal
Modelling the structure of a multimodal artefact
"How do people organize their body movement and talk when they interact with one another in the material world? How do they coordinate linguistic structures with bodily resources (such as gaze and gesture) to bring about coherent and intelligible courses of action? How are physical settings, artifacts, technologies, and non-linguistic sign-systems implicated in social interaction and shared cognition? This volume brings together advanced work by leading international scholars who share video-based research methods that integrate semiotic, linguistic, sociological, anthropological, and cognitive science perspectives with detailed, microanalytic observations. Collectively they provide a coherent framework for analyzing the production of meaning and the organization of social interaction in the complex and heterogeneous settings that are characteristic of modern life: ranging from ordinary and bilingual conversation to family interaction, and from daycare centers to work settings such as airplanes, clinics, and architects' offices, and to activities such as auctions and musical performances. Several chapters investigate how participants with communicative impairments (aphasia, blindness, deafness) creatively build meaning with others. Embodied Interaction is indispensable for anyone interested in the study of language and social interaction. This volume will be a point of reference for future research on multimodality in human communication and action"
Book review : David Machin (ed.), Visual Communication
"The Handbook covers language usage in multi-semiotic textual environments. Integrating linguistic features with images, sounds, and typography creates patterns of substantive, formal, and functional linkage. The volume outlines the paradigms in multimodal linguistic research, systematic methods for analyzing semiotically complex texts, and offers insight about the functionality of selected types of multimodal texts."--
Synesthetic design : handbook for a multi-sensory approach
Literacy theories for the digital age : social, critical, multimodal, spatial, material and sensory lenses
This volume presents translation as a powerful activity by revisiting the roles of translators and interpreters and the contexts of translation and interpreting in societies affected by globalization and migration. The articles cover topics such as the impact languages have on translation, the institutional constraints in the context of translation, and the challenges within the framework of multimodal translation. In recent years, questions of power in translation have emerged. In such a context, the book presents new research paths that can be related to some of the most discussed issues of recent years in Translation Studies. The contributors are 14 PhD students who investigate the power relations in the context of censorship, ideology, localization, multimodal translation, English as a lingua franca in translation, mandatory genres, and translation by non-professional subject-matter translators.
Contemporary critical discourse studies
Body language communication : an international handbook on multimodality in human interaction : Volume 1
Lightweight adaptation to situational changes in classifiers of multimodal human data
"CDS is a multifarious field constantly developing different methodological frameworks for analysing dynamically evolving aspects of language in a broad range of socio-political and institutional contexts. This volume is a cutting edge, interdisciplinary account of these theoretical and empirical developments. It presents an up-to-date survey of Critical Discourse Studies (CDS), covering both the theoretical landscape and the analytical territories that it extends over. It is intended for critical scholars and students who wish to keep abreast of the current state of the art. The book is divided into two parts. In the first part, the chapters are organised around different methodological perspectives for CDS (history, cognition, multimodality and corpora, among others). In the second part, the chapters are organised around particular discourse types and topics investigated in CDS, both traditionally (e.g. issues of racism and gender inequality) and only more recently (e.g. issues of health, public policy, and the environment). This is, altogether, an essential new reference work for all CDS practitioners"--
Linguistic and multimodal insights into the tourist brochures
Designing for energy-efficient vision-based interactivity on mobile devices
Multimodal biomedical measurement methods to study brain functions simultaneously with functional magnetic resonance imaging
Eye tracking in audiovisual translation
Openings in technology-mediated business meetings
Sociolinguistics and mobile communication
The Routledge handbook of multimodal analysis
Corporate online presence : a study of eight Finnish exporting companies' corporate websites
Spoken and written discourse in online interactions : a multimodal approach
Sensory cue integration
Changing understandings of language learning and teaching : the perspectives of pupils, parents and future language teachers
Raising important questions about the nature of language and the creativity of speakers, Ana Deumert examines the role of multimodality and intertextuality in creating meaning, as well as the realities and consequences of digital linguistic inequality. Taking a global perspective and drawing on original multilingual data and analyses from South Africa, this book presents a nuanced, ethnographically-informed understanding of mobile communication and sociolinguistics, exploring a wide range of digital applications. Key features: 1. explains and illustrates core concepts in sociolinguistics and linguistic anthropology; 2. applies sociolinguistic theories of language (from Humboldt and Sapir to post-structuralism) to new media; 3. focus on linguistic creativity and poetic language; 4. offers a global and multilingual perspective on digital communication practices; 5. includes original case studies of African data; and 6. explores digital inequality and its consequences for sociolinguistic research. -- Back cover.
Creating and assessing multimodal texts : negotiations at the boundary
ImageScapes : studies in intermediality
Semiotic margins : meaning in multimodalities
Perspectives on multimodality
Interactions, images and texts : a reader in multimodality
New perspectives on narrative and multimodality
The language of gaming
Hearing gestures : vocalisations as embodied projections of intentionality in designing non-speech sounds for communicative functions
Multimodal representation and intermodal similarity : cues of space in the audio description of film
Literacy Theories for the Digital Age insightfully brings together six essential approaches to literacy research and educational practice. The book provides powerful and accessible theories for readers, including Socio-cultural, Critical, Multimodal, Socio-spatial, Socio-material and Sensory Literacies. The brand new Sensory Literacies approach is an original and visionary contribution to the field, coupled with a provocative foreword from leading sensory anthropologist David Howes. This dynamic collection explores a legacy of literacy research while showing the relationships between each paradigm, highlighting their complementarity and distinctions.
Embodied interaction : language and body in the material world
Audiovisual translation : theories, methods and issues
Evolution in genre : emergence, variation, multimodality
Music as multimodal discourse : semiotics, power and protest
Multimodal film analysis : how films mean
Multimodality and cognitive linguistics
Tulevaisuuden kielenkäyttäjä = Language users of tomorrow
Media borders, multimodality and intermediality
The structure of multimodal documents : an empirical approach
This book presents a new basis for the empirical analysis of film. Starting from an established body of work in film theory, the authors show how a close incorporation of the current state of the art in multimodal theory--including accounts of the syntagmatic and paradigmatic axes of organisation, discourse semantics and advanced 'layout structure'--builds a methodology by which concrete details of film sequences drive mechanisms for constructing filmic discourse structures. The book introduces the necessary background, the open questions raised, and the method by which analysis can proceed step-by-step. Extensive examples are given from a broad range of films. With this new analytic tool set, the reader will approach the study of film organisation with new levels of detail and probe more deeply into the fundamental question of the discipline: just how it is that films reliably communicate meaning.
Translation and the reconfiguration of power relations : revisiting role and context of translation and interpreting
Abstract.
Human memory : a multimodal approach
Heteroglossic and multimodal resources in use : participation across spaces of identification in a Christian lifestyle sports community
Text and image : a critical introduction to the visual-verbal divide
"Audiovisual translation is the fastest growing strand within translation studies. This book addresses the need for more robust theoretical frameworks to investigate emerging text types; address new methodological challenges (including the compilation, analysis and reproduction of audiovisual data); and understand new discourse communities bound together by the production and consumption of audiovisual texts. In this clear, user-friendly textbook, Luis Perez-Gonzalez introduces and explores the field, presenting and critiquing key concepts, research models and methodological approaches. Features include: - Introductory overviews at the beginning of each chapter, outlining aims and relevant connections with other chapters - Breakout boxes showcasing key concepts, research case studies or any other relevant links to the wider field of translation studies - Examples of audiovisual texts in a range of languages with back translation support when required - Summaries reinforcing key issues dealt with in each chapter - Follow up questions for further study - Core references and suggestions for further reading This is an essential text for all students studying Audiovisual or Screen translation at postgraduate or advanced undergraduate level and key reading for all researchers working in the area"--
"Gigi is now friends with Fanta" : distribution of power in Lego City Fire television commercial and Fanta Fruit Slam 2 advergame
Multimodal (inter)action analysis of sixteen vlogs on YouTube : a study of contact negotiation, modes, and communicative functions in vlog openings
Authenticity, performance and other double-edged words : essays on popular music
AFinLA:n syyssymposium : Osallistumisen multimodaaliset diskurssit = AFinLA Autumn Symposium : Multimodal discourses of participation : Oulu 9.-10.11.2012
Manuscript communication : visual and textual mechanics of communication in hagiographical texts from the Southern Low Countries, 900-1200
AFinLA:n syyssymposium 2012 : osallistumisen multimodaaliset diskurssit = AFinLA Autumn Symposium : multimodal discourses of participation, Oulu 9.-10.11.2012
Osallistumisen multimodaaliset diskurssit = Multimodal discourses of participation
"I just saw someone die omfg" : multimodal representations of the shooting of Michael Brown on Tumblr
"Quit your ♥♥♥♥♥ing and play the game" : impoliteness in a gaming-oriented online discussion forum
Arduino and Kinect projects : Design, build, blow their minds
Readings in intersemiosis and multimedia
News discourse
Multimodality in practice : investigating theory-in-practice-through-methodology
Resonance in storytelling:verbal, prosodic and embodied practices of stance taking
Multimodality in writing : the state of the art in theory, methodology and pedagogy
