http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25686 action games
action games
Borderlands : the handsome collection : PS4
Angry birds : Star Wars : PC CD-ROM
Ice age 4 : continental drift : arctic games : Nintendo 3DS
Lego star wars III : the clone wars : Wii
Sonic the Hedgehog
The amazing Spider-Man 2 : PS3
Green lantern : rise of the manhunters : PlayStation 3.
Marvel super hero squad : the infinity gauntlet : Xbox 360.
Lego The lord of the rings : Nintendo 3DS
Lego Indiana Jones : the original adventures : Nintendo DS
Lego Harry Potter : years 5-7 : Nintendo 3DS
The legend of Zelda : NES
Grand theft auto San Andreas : Xbox 360.
The role of business model in computer game development organizations
Saints row : Gat out of hell : PS3
Saints row IV : commander in chief edition : Xbox 360
Lego The lord of the rings : Nintendo DS
Crash : mind over mutant : Nintendo DS
The legend of Zelda : the wind waker : HD : [official game guide]
Spider-man : edge of time : Wii
Lego Batman 2 : DC super heroes : Xbox 360
SpongeBob SquarePants : Plankton's robotic revenge : Xbox 360
MIB : alien crisis : Wii
DmC : devil may cry : Xbox 360.
Lego The lord of the rings : Wii
Call of duty : MW3 : PS3
Lego Batman 2 : DC super heroes : PSVita
Naruto Shippuden : ultimate ninja storm generations : PS3
Security and game theory : algorithms, deployed systems, lessons learned
The amazing Spider-Man 2 : Xbox 360
Monster hunter tri : wii
Lego The lord of the rings : PC DVD-ROM
New Super Mario Bros. : Wii
Lego star wars : the complete saga
Green lantern : rise of the manhunters : Wii
Transformers : Prime : the game : Nintendo 3DS
Automated data collection in mobile applications
Prince of Persia : classics : Xbox 360.
Angry birds trilogy : PS3
Destiny : [official strategy guide]
The amazing Spider-Man 2 : Xbox One
Grand theft auto V : PS4
Lego Harry Potter : years 5-7 : Nintendo DS
Grand theft auto five : PS4
Grand theft auto V : Xbox 360.
Battlefield 1 : PS4
Spider-man : Edge of time : PS3
Batman : Arkham origins : PS3
Virtual goods sales : new requirements for business modelling?
Far cry : the wild expedition : PS3
Batman : Arkham origins : the complete edition : PS3
Thief : PS4
Alien : isolation : Xbox One
Shadow warrior : PS4
DmC : devil may cry : essentials : PS3
Call of duty : ghosts
Dead rising 2 : essentials
Star Wars : the force unleashed II : Nintendo DS
WWE all stars : PlayStation 3.
Sharing rules and stability in coalition games with externalities : the case of the Baltic Sea cod fishery
Batman : Arkham origins : Blackgate : PSVita
Global threats of terrorism, drug-smuggling and other crimes have led to a significant increase in research on game theory for security. Game theory provides a sound mathematical approach to deploy limited security resources to maximize their effectiveness. A typical approach is to randomize security schedules to avoid predictability, with the randomization using artificial intelligence techniques to take into account the importance of different targets and potential adversary reactions. This book distills the forefront of this research to provide the first and only study of long-term deployed applications of game theory for security for key organizations such as the Los Angeles International Airport police and the US Federal Air Marshals Service. The author and his research group draw from their extensive experience working with security officials to intelligently allocate limited security resources to protect targets, outlining the applications of these algorithms in research and the real world.
Deus ex : human revolution : director's cut : Wii U
The art of Battlefield 4
Playstation all-stars : battle royale :PS3
Alien : isolation : Xbox 360
Art, games and sensors harnessed to enhance well-being
Marvel super hero squad : the infinity gauntlet : PlayStation 3.
Lego The hobbit : Nintendo 3DS
Bioshock infinite : PS3
Fantastic four : rise of the silver surfer
Sonic unleashed : PS3
Lost planet 2 : PlayStation 3.
Devil may cry HD collection : PS3
The crew : Xbox One
Naruto Shippuden : ultimate ninja storm 3 : full burst : PS3
Carnival games : Wild West 3D : Nintendo 3DS
Transformers : rise of the dark spark : PS3
Diablo III : book Of Tyrael
Grand theft auto IV & episodes from Liberty City : complete edition : Xbox 360.
Towards Baltic Sea Citizenship : experiences in public involment
Lego Marvel super heroes : Wii U
Grand theft auto V
Lego ninjago : the videogame : Nintendo DS
Legend of kay. Anniversary
Risen 3 : titan lords : PS3
Spider-man : edge of time : Xbox 360.
Call of duty : world at war : Xbox 360.
Exploring business models for medical games : key components and challenges
GoldenEye 007 : reloaded : PlayStation 3 : Move
Transformers : dark of the moon : stealth force edition : Wii
Terraria : exploration and adventure handbook
Child of Eden : Xbox 360, Xbox live, Kinect
Skylanders universe : chronicles
Lego the hobbit : PS3
Angry birds : seasons : PC CD-ROM
The witcher III : wild hunt : PC DVD
Nights: Journey of Dreams : WII
Risen 3 : titan lords : PS4
Battlefield 4 : PS4
Grand theft auto V : PS3
There be dragons! : an ethnographic inquiry into the strategic practices and process of world of warcraft gaming groups
Penguins of Madagascar : Wii U.
How to predict the unpredictable : the art of outsmarting almost everyone
Devil may cry HD collection : Xbox 360.
SpongeBob SquarePants : surf & skate roadtrip : Xbox 360, Kinect
Mirror's Edge
Resident evil : revelations 2 : Xbox 360.
Angry birds : space : PC CD-ROM
Educational mobile game : math jump, from concept to a published title
Generator Rex : agent of providence : PlayStation 3.
Lego Harry Potter : years 5-7 : PC DVD
Call of duty : ghosts : Wii U.
Dark Void : PlayStation 3.
Risen 3 : titan lords : Xbox 360
Top gun : hard lock : Xbox 360
The crew : PS4
Tomb raider : Game of the Year edition : PS3
Saints row : double pack : PS3
Batman : Arkham asylum : Game of the Year edition : PS3
Lego Harry Potter : years 5-7 : PSVita
Saints row IV : commander in chief edition : PS3
UFC undisputed 2010 : Xbox 360.
Dark souls : PS3
The crew : Xbox 360
E-business as a distributional strategy : case: Veikkaus Oy
Borderlands : the handsome collection : Xbox One
Skylanders universe : Life & undead. Book of elements
Lego Harry Potter : years 1-4 : Xbox 360.
Batman : Arkham origins : Xbox 360 : the complete edition
Call of duty : ghosts : PS3
Rise of the Tomb Raider : 20 year celebration ; PS4
Call of duty : black ops II : PS3
Lego Harry Potter : years 5-7 : Xbox 360.
The Borderlands collection : PS3
Star Wars III : The Clone Wars : PS3
Bioshock infinite : Xbox 360
Saints row : SR IV re-elected & Gat out of hell : PS4
Asura's wrath : PS3
Rambo : the video game : PS3
Transformers : fall of Cybertron : PC DVD-ROM
Bakugan : rise of the resistance : Nintendo DS
Shrek forever after : the final chapter : Nintendo DS
Lego Batman 2 : DC super heroes : PS3
Tomb raider : definitive edition : PS4
The legend of Spyro : dawn of the dragon : Nintendo DS
Game maker's apprentice : game development for beginners
Batman : Arkham knight : the official novelization
Super Mario 3D world : Wii U.
Business model of gaming platforms : redefining Atari business model
The History of Nintendo, volume 1, 1889-1980 : From playing cards to Game & Watch
Sleeping dogs : definitive edition : PS4
Puss in boots : Xbox 360, Kinect
