http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25626 legal journalists
legal journalists
The mass media declaration of UNESCO
Letters to my torturer : love, revolution, and imprisoment in Iran
"A vibrant, colorful, and revelatory inner history of China during a moment of profound transformation From abroad, we often see China as a caricature: a nation of pragmatic plutocrats and ruthlessly dedicated students destined to rule the global economy--or an addled Goliath, riddled with corruption and on the edge of stagnation. What we don't see is how both powerful and ordinary people are remaking their lives as their country dramatically changes. As the Beijing correspondent for The New Yorker, Evan Osnos was on the ground in China for years, witness to profound political, economic, and cultural upheaval. In Age of Ambition, he describes the greatest collision taking place in that country: the clash between the rise of the individual and the Communist Party's struggle to retain control. He asks probing questions: Why does a government with more success lifting people from poverty than any civilization in history choose to put strict restraints on freedom of expression? Why do millions of young Chinese professionals--fluent in English and devoted to Western pop culture--consider themselves "angry youth," dedicated to resisting the West's influence? How are Chinese from all strata finding meaning after two decades of the relentless pursuit of wealth? Writing with great narrative verve and a keen sense of irony, Osnos follows the moving stories of everyday people and reveals life in the new China to be a battleground between aspiration and authoritarianism, in which only one can prevail"--
"A vibrant, colorful, and revelatory inner history of China during a moment of profound transformation"--
A small corner of hell : dispatches from Chechnya
A small corner of hell dispatches from Chechnya
The girl who kicked the hornets' nest
"Contemporary media authorship is frequently collaborative, participatory, non-site specific, or quite simply goes unrecognized. In this volume, media and film scholars explore the theoretical debates around authorship, intention, and identity within the rapidly transforming and globalized culture industry of new media. Defining media broadly, across a range of creative artifacts and production cultures--from visual arts to videogames, from textiles to television--contributors consider authoring practices of artists, designers, do-it-yourselfers, media professionals, scholars, and others. Specifically, they ask: - What constitutes "media" and "authorship" in a technologically converged, globally conglomerated, multiplatform environment for the production and distribution of content? - What can we learn from cinematic and literary models of authorship--and critiques of those models--with regard to authorship not only in television and recorded music, but also interactive media such as videogames and the Internet? - How do we conceive of authorship through practices in which users generate content collaboratively or via appropriation? - What institutional prerogatives and legal debates around intellectual property rights, fair use, and copyright bear on concepts of authorship in "new media"? By addressing these issues, Media Authorship demonstrates that the concept of authorship as formulated in literary and film studies is reinvigorated, contested, remade--even, reauthored--by new practices in the digital media environment"--
The girl who kicked the hornet's nest
They followed me in the street : the assassination of a journalist and other horror stories from present day Russia
Journalistic codes of ethics in the CSCE countries : an examination
Media Law in Finland
Journalists' access to legislative processes : a comparative study of journalists's access in Finland and in the European Union
The paperboy
Human rights journalism : advances in reporting distant humanitarian interventions
Freedom of expression
Media authorship
Left of Karl Marx : the political life of black communist Claudia Jones
The last juror : novel
The last juror
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic Sea area
Age of Ambition : chasing fortune, truth, and faith in the new China
Letters to my torturer : love, revolution, and imprisonment in Iran
In Jackson, Mississippi, in 1962, there are lines that are not crossed. With the civil rights movement exploding all around them, three women start a movement of their own, forever changing a town and the way women--black and white, mothers and daughters--view one another.
The help
