http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25611 dance (field of profession)
dance (field of profession)
Imaginative bodies : dialogues in performance practices
Choreographers in motion : retrospective and perspectives
Choreographer and the audience : a relationship based on needs?
Imaginative Bodies contains a series of in-depth conversations with dancers and choreographers, composers, visual artists, Hip Hop artists, dramaturgs, a lighting designer and a puppeteer. The overall theme is defined by the body, both in relation to the place it takes in the artist's work, and in relation to wider debates on the body in philosophy, science, medicine, anthropology, and the arts. Depending on the affinities of the artist, a more specific theme has been defined for each dialogue, ranging from poetics to politics, from mythology to ecology, from intercultural studies to conflict management. The associative chains of thoughts of these talks give an intimate insight into the creative process, inspirations, sources, identity, and ways of collaborating. It is through the sentient body that we experience, know and imagine. Imaginative Bodies reaffirms the central position of the body in many artistic practices.
The senses play a vital role in our health, our social interactions, and in enjoying food, music and the arts. The book provides an interdisciplinary overview of the senses, ranging from the neuroscience of sensory processing in the body, to the role of the senses in the arts.
Laulavat sadepisarat : Singin' in the rain
Dance in elementary education : a program for boys and girls
Nightclub : bouncers, risk, and the spectacle of consumption
Today, an increasing number of people from all over the world travel to Buenos Aires to dance tango. To accommodate these intimate voyagers, tourist agencies offer travel packages, including classes in tango instruction, dance shoe shopping, and special city maps pointing out the tango clubs in town. Some of these agencies even provide taxi dancers — mainly Argentine men, who make a living by selling themselves as dance escorts to foreign women on a short term stay. Based on a cheek-to-cheek ethnography of intimate life in the tango clubs of Buenos Aires, this book provides a passionate exploration of tango — its sentiments and symbolic orders — as well as a critical investigation of the effects of globalization on intimate economies. Throughout the chapters, the author assesses how, in an explosive economic and political context, people’s emotional lives intermingle with a tourism industry that has formed at the intersection of close embrace dances and dollars. Bringing economies of intimacy centre stage, the book describes how a global condition is lived bodily, emotionally and politically, and offers a rich, provocative contribution to theorizing today’s global flows of people, money, and fragile dreams. As the narrative charts a course across a sea of intense, immediate emotional sensations, taken-for-granted ideas about sex, romance and power twist and turn like the steps of the tango. Maria Törnqvist is a sociologist conducting ethnographic research on tango dancing. She has also published on Swedish gender equality politics and has written a prize-winning teaching book in feminist theory (with Katharina Tollin). For the 2006 academic year she was a visiting scholar at the Sociology department at UC Berkeley. She is currently a lecturer at the Department of Education, Uppsala University.
Creating connections between nursing care and the creative arts therapies : expanding the concept of holistic care
Danse - A Catalogue comprises dialogues and newly-commissioned essays by dancers, choreographers, writers, and curators reflecting on the mutual influences of French and American choreographic cultures. Together these writings examine the ways in which dance matters in an increasingly globalized contemporary field.
Dancing Korea : new waves of choreographers and dance companies
Open the curtain : Kunst und Tanz im Wechselspiel = Interplay between Art and Dance : Kunsthalle zu Kiel der Christian-Albrechts-Universität, 12. April - 4. Mai 2003 / Hrsg. = eds. Dirk Luckow, Susanne Traub
Dialogues with: Sue Buckmaster, Jonathan Burrows & Matteo Fargion, Rosemary Butcher, Dana Caspersen, Sidi Larbi Cherkaoui, Tim Etchells, Antony Gormley, Jonzi D & Soweto Kinch, Akram Khan, Ruth Little, Russell Maliphant & Michael Hulls, Alain Platel, Hofesh Shechter.
Intercultural communication and creative practice : music, dance, and women's cultural identity
Remix : the electronic music explosion
Teaching integrated arts in the primary school : dance, drama, music and the visual arts
The dark arts of blood
Standing room only : strategies for marketing the performing arts
The political body : Guy Cools with Alain Platel
Striptease : from gaslight to spotlight
Art and the senses
Dancing naturally : nature, neo-classicism and modernity in early twentieth-century dance
Dancing beyond the physicality
Making video dance : a step-by-step guide to creating dance for the screen
Kulttuuritilasto 2011 = Cultural statistics 2011.
Tourism and the globalization of emotions : the intimate economy of tango
Discourse in ethnomusicology. 2, A tribute to Alan P. Merriam
I need a wee!
Improving teaching and learning in the arts
Movement and dance in the primary school : now and in the nineties
Popular music : topics, trends & trajectories
