http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25653 electronic resources
electronic resources
Google and the myth of universal knowledge : a view from Europe
Marketing and promoting electronic resources : creating the e-buzz!
Acquisitions in the new information universe : core competencies and ethical practices
Collaborative electronic resource management : from acquisitions to assessment
Text has always been the chief vehicle for the inscription and dissemination of knowledge and culture. As more and more of our textual communication moves into the digital realm we have reached a crucial moment in the history of textual transmission. In many respects digital text looks deceptively like print. But beneath the surface of the screen, digital textuality obeys very different rules than printed text. The digital textual universe offers a wealth of new and exciting possibilities--but it also sets new rules for the writer's and reader's engagement with text. Changing our textual mind analyses the continuities and discontinuities in textual transmission as we move from a print paradigm into an increasingly digital world. It conceptualises the epochal transition from analogue to digital both in factual terms and in terms of its social significance. Centuries of reading and writing practice have made us Homo typographicus. Our entire way of disseminating knowledge and culture is firmly based on print culture. The need to come to grips with the shift to digital textuality in the early twenty-first century will literally change our minds.
Building electronic library collections : the essential guide to selection criteria and core subject collections
Teaching information literacy for inquiry-based learning
Collection development in the digital age
How to carry out register-based health services research in Finland? : compiling complex study data in the REDD project
Organizing audiovisual and electronic resources for access : a cataloging guide
Off the record : a selection of recent articles and papers
The survey of institutional digital repositories, 2012-13 edition
How to build a digital library
Describing electronic, digital and other media using AACR2 and RDA : a how-to-do-it manual and CD-ROM for librarians
Digital archives from excavation and fieldwork : a guide to good practice
Marketing your library's electronic resources : a how-to-do-it manual
Electronic publishing and libraries : planning for the impact and growth to 2003
The e-copyright handbook
Building an electronic resource collection : a practical guide
"This succinct, comprehensive sourcebook provides everything needed to start, maintain, and provide service for a business collection, and to research virtually any business topic."
Investigating online reading with eye tracking and EEG : the influence of text format, reading task and parafoveal stimuli on reading processes
Impact of digital technology on library collections and resource sharing
Public and academic libraries offering advanced electronic resources while trying to build visibility within the communities they serve often are hard pressed to implement effective communication strategies and marketing programs. This book offers research on and solutions to marketing and promotion of e-resources in an approachable and user-friendly way. Kennedy and LaGuardia guide readers through every step of developing, implementing, and evaluating marketing plans.
Digital collections : museums and the information age
The basic business library : core resources and services
Invisible New York cities : 100 days of nearby tweets
Over the years there has been profound changes in how library collections are developed and managed. Digital resources are increasingly central to collections. This collection is cross-sectoral and international in scope, drawing together the perspectives of practitioners and academics at the forefront of modern collection development.
Integrated marketing communications plan for online newspaper : case : ess.fi of Mediatalo Esa
Changing our textual minds : towards a digital order of knowledge
Legal deposit with special reference to the archiving of electronic materials : proceedings of a seminar organized by Nordinfo and the British Library (Research and Development Department), held at the Castle Hotel, Windsor, England 27-29 October 1994
Digital scholarship
Writing feature articles : a practical guide to methods and marketes
Electronically stored information : the complete guide to management, understanding, acquisition, storage, search, and retrieval
Participatory, community and spontaneous archives and digitally born cultural heritage
Today, the media and communication markets are undergoing a fundamental transformation. This thesis focuses on the market for electronic media products in the higher education market and especially on the market for scientific journals. In contrast to other media sectors this partial market shows a significantly different structure and different characteristics. For around 10 years scientific publishers have offered electronic versions of their products, which is of vital importance for the scientific communication of research activities all over the world. Content providers as well as libraries face new duties and responsibilities. Librarians especially have to cope with the new assignments as advanced information intermediaries. In view of decreasing library budgets and increasing costs for scientific information sources, the economic responsibilities have become an important issue in librarians' daily work. Thus, one major goal of this research is to obtain a better understanding of the way in which scientific content is traded over markets.
The process of remembering with the Forgotten Australians : digital storytelling and marginalized groups
Digital heritage and culture : strategy and implementation
The complete guide to referencing and avoiding plagiarism
The case for books : past, present, and future
Interactive audiovisual objects
Internet research methods
Digital archaeology : the art and science of digital forensics
A significant shift is taking place in libraries, with the purchase of e-resources accounting for the bulk of materials spending. Electronic Resource Management makes the case that technical services workflows need to make a corresponding shift toward e-centric models and highlights the increasing variety of e-formats that are forcing new developments in the field.
Digital literature for children : texts, readers and educational practices
The survey of library database licensing practices, 2012 edition
Your digital afterlife : when Facebook, Flickr and Twitter are your estate, what's your legacy?
Internet security control system : Agent-based distributed control system for securing traffic on the Internet
Executive's guide to cloud computing
No shelf required : e-books in libraries
Online reading as an individual and social practice
The significance of proximity and timeliness for patient-focused nursing care and electronic documentation in acute care wards
Deep maps and spatial narratives
A companion to digital literary studies
Gaming in academic libraries : collections, marketing, and information literacy
Knowledge society in progress : evaluation of the Finnish electronic library  - Finelib
Networking for digital preservation : current practice in 15 national libraries
Managing preservation for libraries and archives : current practice and future developments
International electronic evidence
Electronic resource management : practical perspectives in a new technical services model
Interactive open educational resources : a guide to finding, choosing, and using what's out there to transform college teaching
Effective legal research
Digital rights management : the librarian's guide
Kalevalaic poetry as a digital corpus
Archiving the web : European experiences
Web 2.0 and libraries : impacts, technologies and trends
Conducting research literature reviews : from the Internet to paper
The evolution and equilibrium of copyright in the digital age
Building and managing e-book collections : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
A reader in preservation and conservation
Global issues in 21st century research librarianship : NORDINFOs 25th anniversary publication
"It is axiomatic to suggest that copyright and its utility in the digital environment are important issues. There is much debate of the role and appropriate parameters of copyright (how should copyright works be available and protected online and how should fair uses work in the online environment) where the availability of works is more international than ever before. The importance of the issues and the difficulties seem to have resulted in some aspects of the debate becoming significantly polarised and those at the poles are frequently uncompromising"--
User-generated content and its impact on web-based library services
Advances in librarianship. Volume 33
"The digital age has prompted new questions about the role and function of copyright. Internationally, copyright has progressively increased its scope of protection over new technology and modes of distribution. Yet many copyright owners express dissatisfaction and consider that the system is not working for them. Many users of copyright material, and even some owners, consider that copyright gives too much protection and that copyright owners want too much. This book considers how copyright might evolve in the twenty-first century and how it might reach equilibrium between authors, owners, users and those who connect them"--
Digital Humanities is becoming an increasingly popular focus of academic endeavour. There are now hundreds of Digital Humanities centres worldwide and the subject is taught at both postgraduate and undergraduate level. Yet the term 'Digital Humanities' is much debated. This reader brings together, for the first time, in one core volume the essential readings that have emerged in Digital Humanities. We provide a historical overview of how the term 'Humanities Computing' developed into the term 'Digital Humanities', and highlight core readings which explore the meaning, scope, and implementation of the field. To contextualize and frame each included reading, the editors and authors provide a commentary on the original piece. There is also an annotated bibliography of other material not included in the text to provide an essential list of reading in the discipline. This text will be required reading for scholars and students who want to discover the history of Digital Humanities through its core writings, and for those who wish to understand the many possibilities that exist when trying to define Digital Humanities.
Essays on libraries, cultural heritage and freedom of information
Information users and usability in the digital age
Managing acquisitions in library and information services
Defining digital humanities : a reader
E-discovery and data privacy : a practical guide
International News 2015 : experiences of international students in Iisalmi
Electronic literature publishing and distribution in Europe
Indigenous notions of ownership and libraries, archives and museums
Folklore Fellows' Summer School 2015 : Doing folkloristics in the digital age
