http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25640 financial journalists
financial journalists economic correspondents financial editors
Abstract: This thesis addresses buyer-supplier relationships and identification of drivers that  initiate the development of such relationships. The main purpose of this thesis is  to provide guidelines that assist companies in the process of determining the  drivers for relationship development.  The focus of the theoretical part of this thesis is on buyer-supplier relationships  and especially on identifying and defining the drivers of relationship development.  In addition purchasing as a part of supply chain management is briefly introduced  to distinguish the context for the theoretical part.  The empirical part of this thesis consists of the demonstration of the process of  determining drivers for relationship development. It is based on desk and field  research. Desk research consists of combining various sources to generate an  assessment form which is utilized in determining the drivers. Field research is  conducted by applying the generated form to the case company followed by  interviews with the company's representative.  In this thesis critical strategic factors, relationship strength indicators and potential  benefits were identified as the aspects of the drivers of relationship development.  The generated assessment form proved to be a competent tool in assessing the first  two aspects of the drivers. The form also contributes to the evaluation of the third  aspect, potential benefits, since this evaluation is largely derived from the  assessment of the first two.  As a result of the research moderate yet conscious strengthening of the  relationship towards more cooperative approach was recommended to the case  company. In addition the empirical part of this thesis provided guidelines that  assist especially small and medium size enterprises in assessing the  appropriateness of developing their buyer-supplier relationships. However the  conducted research focused strictly on the initial stage of buyer-supplier  relationship development and as such leaves opportunities and provides a basis for  further research on the subject.
International operations management
Supplier's position in project marketing networks
Supply network strategies
Money monster
The sourcing solution : a step-by-step guide to creating a successful purchasing program
Supplier evaluation and performance excellence : a guide to meaningful metrics and successful results
Philosophy Reviews
Business ethics : managing corporate citizenship and sustainability in the age of globalization
Determining drivers for buyer-supplier relationship develomepment : Pointguard Oy: buyer's perspective
Orchestration of external resources
Managing Purchasing and Supply Relationships
National champions in combat : Nokia, Ericsson and the sensemaking of business news
"A vibrant, colorful, and revelatory inner history of China during a moment of profound transformation From abroad, we often see China as a caricature: a nation of pragmatic plutocrats and ruthlessly dedicated students destined to rule the global economy--or an addled Goliath, riddled with corruption and on the edge of stagnation. What we don't see is how both powerful and ordinary people are remaking their lives as their country dramatically changes. As the Beijing correspondent for The New Yorker, Evan Osnos was on the ground in China for years, witness to profound political, economic, and cultural upheaval. In Age of Ambition, he describes the greatest collision taking place in that country: the clash between the rise of the individual and the Communist Party's struggle to retain control. He asks probing questions: Why does a government with more success lifting people from poverty than any civilization in history choose to put strict restraints on freedom of expression? Why do millions of young Chinese professionals--fluent in English and devoted to Western pop culture--consider themselves "angry youth," dedicated to resisting the West's influence? How are Chinese from all strata finding meaning after two decades of the relentless pursuit of wealth? Writing with great narrative verve and a keen sense of irony, Osnos follows the moving stories of everyday people and reveals life in the new China to be a battleground between aspiration and authoritarianism, in which only one can prevail"--
Purchasing and supply management : text and cases
Purchasing first aid products from China : case study: Rexram Oy
"A vibrant, colorful, and revelatory inner history of China during a moment of profound transformation"--
Handbook for supply chain risk management : case studies, effective practices and emerging trends
The geography of competition : firms, prices, and localization
Age of Ambition : chasing fortune, truth, and faith in the new China
