http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25690 liikenneneuvokset (honorary titles)
liikenneneuvokset (honorary titles)
MS Serena F, rantaanajo Hiittisten pohjoispuolella 6.3.2008 = MS Serena F, stranding north of Hiittinen on 6.3.2008
Vehicle crash mechanics
Safety study on level crossing accidents : a shortened version
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motor vehicles in Finland. 2002.
Liikennetilastollinen vuosikirja 2004 = Transport and communications statistical yearbook for Finland
Capacity, workload and mental contents : exploring the foundations of driver distraction
Accidents due to detachments of road vehicle wheels and trailers
Jane's urban transport systems. 2007-2008
Fair and intelligent transport : working group final report
Tyre/road noise reference book
The illustrated science encyclopedia : transport : a journey of discovery that explores how humans have developed ways of travelling on the sea, on land and in the air
All about ships : amazing maritime facts
Automotive vehicle safety
Railway : indentity, design and culture
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
The greatest inventions of all time
The big book of flight
100 inventions that made history : brilliant breakthroughs that shaped our world
Soviet and Russian ekranoplans
Unmanned aircraft systems : strengths and weaknesses
Moottoriajoneuvot 2004 = Motor vehicles in Finland
Spacecraft systems engineering
Sulphur content in ships bunker fuel in 2015 : a study on the impacts of the new IMO regulations and transportation costs
De motu veli solaris in vicinitate solis = Solar sail motion in near-Sun regions : controlled spaceflight dynamics
Simultaneous measurements of gaseous emissions, particulates and noise from individual vehicles in traffic
Commercial road vehicles
Development, implementation and evaluation of an architecture for vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure networking
Automobile exhaust emission testing : measurement of regulated and unregulated exhaust gas components, exhaust emission tests
TRANSPORT / VISUAL HISTORY ; PROJECT EDITOR STEPHEN SETFORD
Compaction of c-band synthetic aperture radar based sea ice information for navigation in the Baltic Sea
Autonomous ground vehicles
Traffic emissions in Russia and the Baltic States : St.Petersburg, Leningrad Oblast, Republic of Karelia, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania
Cars and trucks and things that go
VANET : vehicular applications and inter-networking technologies
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motor vehicles in Finland. 2001.
Avoid being a Pony Express rider
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
New Commuting Experience
Jane's encyclopedia of aviation
Heavy vehicle systems
Road vehicle dynamics
Autoliikenne pientaloalueiden asuntokaduilla = Traffic on residential roads in areas of low-rise housing
Liikennetilastollinen vuosikirja 2006 = Transport and communications statistical yearbook for Finland
Analysis of the ice load measurements during USCGC Healy ice trials, spring 2000
Reach for the skies : ballooning, birdmen & blasting into space
Road and rail transportation
The infulence of environmental attitudes and other factors on travel mode choice - case Vuosaari
Land transport in Europe
Motor vehicle dynamics : modeling and simulation
New Challenges for the Greening of Transport : CM3 - Computational Multi Physics, Multi Scales and Multi Big Data in Transport Modeling, Simulation and Optimization: University of Jyväskylä, Finland, May 25-27, 2015 : book of abstracts
Liikennetilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Transport and communications statistical yearbook for Finland
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
Driving horse-drawn carriages for pleasure : the classic illustrated guide to coaching, harnessing, stabling, etc
Marine propellers and propulsion
Executive summary (s. 9-19).
Beyond flying : rethinking air travel in a globally connected world
Best of power sport : yli 200 fiaskoa moottoriurheilun maailmasta
"This book provides a reference for professional automotive technologists (OEMS and suppliers), professionals in the area of Intelligent Transportation Systems, and researchers attracted to the field of wireless vehicular communications. Third and fourth year undergraduate students will also find this book of interest."--BOOK JACKET.
Making cars more fuel efficient : technology for real improvements on the road
Statistical analysis of vehicle time headways
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
Advanced secondary batteries: their applications, technological status, market and opportunity
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motor vehicles in Finland. 2003.
On the road
The international directory of civil aircraft. 1997/98
Car & road, train & track
Planes, trains and automobiles : a visual history of modern transport featuring 100 iconic designs
Optical position detection to measure tyre carcass deflections and implementation for vehicle state estimation
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
A head-on collision involving a heavy vehicle combination and a charter coach on highway 4 at Konginkangas near the town of Äänekoski, Finland on 19.3.2004 : the vehicle combination: road tractor REY-481 and full trailer PZU-497, the charter coach: IUF-867
Vehicle accident analysis and reconstruction methods
The ultimate book of cross-sections
The moving metropolis : a history of London's transport since 1800
The Hamlyn colour encyclopedia of transport
My first book of transport
Snow travel and transport : the story of snowmobility in pictures
Moottoriajoneuvot 2005 = Motorfordon = Motor vehicles in Finland
Urban traffic pollution
