http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25658 customer segmentation
customer segmentation
Lifestylebased segmentation and profitability : an investigation in retail banking
Strategic marketing in food service : planning for change
Family as a customer experiencing co-created service value
Corporate customers’ needs and expectations for legal services
Abstracts in Finnish and in Russian.
The purpose of this thesis was to analyze the store's advertising visibility in different media and channels, identify possible development needs in marketing message and clarify the geographical customer segments of Minnan Kangasaitta. The goal of this research was to get reliable information on where the customers of Minnan Kangasaitta are from, what they buy and what kind of services they expect to get and how they have noticed the Minnan Kangasaitta's advertisement in different media. This helps in marketing planning and marketing media selection in the future The theory part of this research focuses on marketing and advertising, customer segmentation, customer behaviour and distribution channel structure. The target was to focus on subjects that are useful on a practical level, and are used and recommended to be used by Minnan Kangasaitta Valkeakoski. The work order in this thesis was to first to research the current situation in marketing activities and investigate the marketing visibility from the customers' point of view. The second step was to analyze development areas and finally make change proposals. The customer satisfaction and advertising visibility survey was carried out as a quantitative survey; answers were collected in the Minnan Kangasaitta store in Valkeakoski in December 2009. The results of the survey gave valuable information on the customers' geographic location and the visibility of current marketing. With the help of this information, advertising and services provided can be focused to the right channels, areas and forms in the future.
Events marketing management : a consumer perspective
Advertising : principles & practice
Neste Oil Rally spectator in Lahti 2011 : profile, satisfaction and willingness to recommend the event
Retail marketing and branding : a definitive guide to maximizing ROI
New challenges for tourism promotion : tackling high competition and multimedia changes
CRM in action: maximizing value through market segmentation, product differentiation & customer retention
Co-creating an engaging brief for packaging development : case of a large confectionary company in Finland
Customer segmentation for Firm Denturist Pirjo Leskinen
Commissioning cost structure : proposal for a sales configurator
Leading edge marketing research : 21st-century tools and practices
Selling results solutions : creating sales opportunities in mature industrial markets
Developing International Marketing for a Geopark Packaged Tour for the Hong Kong market
Handbook of tourist behavior : theory & practice
Market segmentation : how to do it and how to profit from it
The complete guide to direct marketing
Consumer behavior knowledge for effective sports and event marketing
Analysing customer behaviour with latent class analysis : LCA implemented in R
Lead generation and management plan for Wellness Friski
The affluent consumer : marketing and selling the luxury lifestyle
Hospitality, tourism, and lifestyle concepts : implications for quality management and customer satisfaction
Service experience at the Scandic Continental Helsinki : case: quality research on frequent guests
Solution business in marine equipment markets : case Taurus
Developing the after sales for global customers in case company
Marketing planning : a global perspective
Segmenting the industrial market
This bachelor's thesis was commissioned by Makumaku Ltd and made as a part of Haaga-Helia organic and locally produced food-theme group. The objective of this thesis was to analyze the most potential consumer profiles of Makumaku Ltd, a web-based company that sells organic and locally produced food. The theoretical part of the thesis discusses consumer behavior and motivation, online buying behavior and the possibilities of the online food market. The empirical part of the thesis analyzes the potential consumer profiles of Makumaku Ltd. In the past decade consumers have become more aware of what they eat and what they require from their food. Eating organically produced food has been a way for consumers to ensure that they support sustainable development. Locally produced food has become another option for environmentally conscious consumers. These two types of food are often incorporated with one another, but there can be major differences in terms of legal requirements and production and sales locations. Consumer behavior is researched by companies in order to position themselves to the market. Consumer motivation represents a part of consumer behavior that is less acknowledged in consumer research. Motivation is mainly an unconscious process which is difficult even for the consumers themselves to realize. Consumer behavior has been changing together with the internet revolution. The development of online market has shifted the power from the companies to the consumers. Online consumers are harder to research and their actions cannot be controlled. Social media websites enable consumers to share opinions about companies whether good or bad. The research method used for this thesis was quantitative. This method was chosen due to the large population size that was to be analyzed and the nature of the study. A survey was used as the data collection method; an online questionnaire was produced using Webropol. The questionnaire was distributed through Makumaku Ltd's website, Facebook-group and through personal contacts of the author and the commissioning company. A population of 176 respondents was chosen to be analyzed. Two potential consumer profiles were analyzed in more detail; 21-30-year-old environmentally conscious women and 41-50-year-old highly educated city mothers. The main conclusion was that both profiles can be reached through social media marketing but the target approach should be profile specific. The changing nature of the online world should be noted in Makumaku Ltd's marketing plans. To succeed in the online world interaction and sharing information with consumers is vital.
Using cluster analysis to segment tourists : response-style effects
Market Analysis for O'Connell's Irish Bar : A Scenario Approach
"This book provides indepth discussion on tactics for improving existing products while inventing completely new products and product categoriess; for those who wish to better understand the importance of marketing products and services across different cultures and multiple languages"--
Modern trends in B2B marketing and advertising in Finland : case: Lahden tyokalupiste-Toolpoint
Consumer psychology of tourism, hospitality and leisure. Vol. 2
Visual customer segmentation and behavior analysis : a SOM-based approach
Marketing analysis for a small business - efficient marketing visibility : case study for Minnan Kangasaitta
Up close and personal? : customer relationship marketing @ work
Data mining techniques in CRM : inside customer segmentation
50-plus market : why the future is age neutral when it comes to marketing  & branding strategies
Researching segments of interest for CubiCasa
Market Research about Customer Segmentation
The commissioner of this thesis is a company called CubiCasa. The reason for this thesis was the interest of CubiCasa on 3 different segments. The segments were AR/VR, home decoration and real estate business. The commissioner wanted to find out if it is profitable for the company to go and target these different segments. On these segments they also defined 4 different companies: InsiteVR, Augmented Pixels, CoContest and Zillow. Of these companies they wanted more information and if they should go and sell their products to them. Most of the used material were from the internet sources. Theory part of this thesis were gathered from books. Most of the segments were found to not be profitable for CubiCasa to sell their products to at this time. The company operating in real estate business, Zillow, is the most relevant ones from these companies and segments because of the technology of CubiCasa and their production process. But even in the case of Zillow CubiCasa still have to wait until they have managed to create an almost fully automated production process on the floor plans.
Interest in fair-trade traveling
Understanding and managing customers
Precision marketing : maximizing revenue through relevance
Customer segmentation in industrial markets : case: Labelstock Company
Target group analysis : strategic segmentation of Tampere Dream Hostel Oy clientele
Customer segmentation for student catering
Mapping the use of CRM in the case company
Selling value : key principles of value-based selling
Business market management : understanding, creating, and delivering value
Customer identification and engagement : case: Oceanvolt Ltd
Marketing : real people, real choices
Increasing customer commitment by strengthening sales process
Analysis and profiles of potential online organic and locally produced food store consumers : case: Makumaku Ltd
The attractiveness of rural tourism destinations in the Republic of Karelia and Eastern Finland
Connecting cross-cultural studies with service design to adapt services to new markets : a case study at IKEA Alam Sutera, Jakarta
Effective drivers in engine selection and customer segments
Key Customer Relationship Management and Service Delivery Plan : case: Service Methodology Plan
Generational selling tactics that work : quick and dirty secrets for selling to any age group
Developing international marketing for a geopark packaged tour for the Hong Kong market
Strategic marketing in tourism services
Marketing in food, hospitality, tourism and events : a critical approach
Essential guide to marketing planning
Marketing in todays society has gone to a level in which the act of selling is causing resentment among the public. We are at a stage where traditional printed advertising has lost its strength and digital marketing has taken over; raising the stakes. In between all this, most companies have failed to analyze their existing clientele, thus improving their up-to-date knowledge on the target group and aiming the marketing to the proper customer segments. The case company, Liikuntakeskus Voitto Ltd., is a recently founded health and fitness center located in Limingantulli, Oulu. The topic for this thesis originated from the owners of the company; wishing to examine its clientele in order to gain detailed knowledge on the current target group and to readjust the marketing if necessary. The objective was to determine what type of customer groups Liikuntakeskus Voitto is formed of and how they can be reached in terms of marketing communication. This thesis also aimed to uncover the questions on how the customers had initiated first contact with the case company and what were the main reasons to join. Quantitative research method was used in gathering the data for the empirical part of the thesis. The research itself was conducted as a questionnaire; as a traditional paper form and an online survey. Closed questions were used for the most part to gain coherent and comparable answers. However, the questionnaire included also a few open-ended questions allowing the customers to give direct feedback on the services to the client company. The theoretical part of the thesis was based on printed and online material. The results were presented to the management of the client company and the necessary action was taken in accordance with the results. The main customer segments and their characteristics were identified, revealing the potential development area in marketing. ^
Consumer behaviour and marketing strategy
Practical marketing plan for a hair beauty business : case: Studio-K hair salon, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
How to market service packages to European customers. Case study: Evason Ana Mandara & Six Senses Spa-Nhatrang Resort
Principles & practice of marketing
Transcultural marketing for incremental and radical innovation
Niche Marketing as a tool to attract customers : a case of ASB Meeting Solutions
Profile of a Crowne Plaza Helsinki Hotel “luxury” customer
The home of a baby boomer : a market research of the real estate needs of the baby boomer in the upstate of South Carolina; the case of Rosewood Communities Inc.
Customer service : skills for success
Food service marketing and promotion
Business-to-business marketing : strategies and implementation
Advertising theory
Evaluation of opportunities for extreme tour in the Republic of Karelia for young people from Helsinki
The purpose of this research was to plan and implement a strategic segmentation of the clientele of the commissioning company, Tampere Dream Hostel Oy. The intention was to acquire a thorough understanding of the past and current clientele, analyse and group the population into homogenous within and from each other heterogeneous segments, and to define and determine in terms of strategic and operational objectives the most valuable ones. In the literature review, the most important concepts regarding the segmentation re-search were defined in order to gain a thorough understanding of the topics at hand, after which a theoretical framework was chosen to guide through the process of seg-mentation.  The theoretical framework is primarily based on the theory of Ala-Mutka and Talvela, while being supported by other academic authors. The research was primarily based on quantitative research methods, supplemented by the use of qualitative data collected through interviews. The primary source of data in the research was the secondary data extracted from the online property management software of the commissioning company. The research was conducted with respect to general guidelines of academic study and with the aims of reliable and valid end results. All relevant findings of the processed data, and an overview of the clientele of the hos-tel were described objectively in the findings of this research. Subsequently, the findings were analysed and discussed thoroughly from various points of view, through which the sample population was finally divided into segments that respond to the defined objectives of the study. Furthermore, the resulting segments respond to the strategic and operational objectives of the commissioning company, and thus bring support in financial growth. Therefore, the study can be considered to have been of great value to the consignee, and is considered successful while said objectives were met.
Developing market segmentation in tourism : insights from a Finnish rural tourism study
Liikuntakeskus Voitto has the potential to expand, since it has over doubled its customer base compared to the previous year. The key features their customers embrace in character are the optimism and laid-back attitude, which make the interaction extremely easy.
Marketing : an introduction
Essentials of marketing
Underestimated women : developing a qualitative method within consumer research : exploring women among sports
Auditing your customer service : the foundation for success
Customer service : a practical approach
Consumer tribes
The discipline of market leaders : choose your customers, narrow your focus, dominate your market
Hospitality branding
Market segmentation and value of customer relationships : case study: company X
Customer relationship management
Identifying potential segments for Finnish online DVD rental services
Counter strategies in global markets
The purpose of this study was to develop case company's after sales which includes  spare part and technical service.  Spare parts and technical service have been available to customers for several years  and sales revenue has increased during the years. However, marketing for after sales  has been quite passive. Based on that the following research questions were formed:  Do the current customers know the range of spare parts case company has to offer?  Are they aware of what kind of technical service they can get from the case company?  The objective for this study was to find and acquire new tools for promoting and introducing  the after sales to both new and old customers. Development in spare part  and technical service sales was studied and analyzed as well. Sales data was gathered  from year 2010 to 2014.  Conceptual framework for this study was Customer relationship management (CRM)  which includes a customer-based way of thinking and possible computerized systems.  Customer segmentation was another procedure used in creating new marketing tools.  Both quantitative and qualitative research methods were used in this study. Quantitative  data was gathered from case company's database and qualitative was received  from colleagues and survey implemented in spring 2015.
Market-based management : strategies for growing customer value and profitability
Developing Customer Strategy and Segmentation, Case: The Finnish Seamen's Mission in the Benelux
Let us boost your business : how to improve your results in tough times
Business plan for RoBo Gym : establishment of a new company and creating a competitive advantage
Revenue management in travel industry : improving the understanding of customer's buying behavior
Developing Customer Personas based on Non-Member and Member Customer Profiles of Barbershop Franchise : Case M Room
A data mining application in the telecommunications industry : a case study on Harbin Unicom
Target group analysis for raising company awareness : case Liikuntakeskus Voitto Ltd
Online Environment Market Research : Travel Lions Entering the UK Market
Developing banking services for the foreign customer base of Handelbanken : case of Handelsbanken Mikkeli and Lappeenranta
Customer awareness and customer attraction for TEMA-matkat : Finnmatkat specialty travel case
Managing customer experience and relationships : a strategic framework
Marketing : theory, evidence, practice
Market segmentation of Finnish outbound tourism to China
The one to one future : building relationships one customer at a time
Borrowing Coy's (2004) words; Communicating hotel's marketing message to the “general public” is a waste of time, money and effort.  The general public is too large a mass, its de-scription too vague and its needs too varied for you to satisfy. Smart hotel marketers use segmentation and profiling and direct marketing to reach specific customer segments that a need, interest and ability to buy their hotel products.”    This case study concentrates on a customer segment demanding for more 'luxurious' services compared to an average hotel guest, as Crowne Plaza Helsinki offers their customers accommodation in club rooms for somewhat higher rates. The most noticeable objective of this thesis was to better understand the expectations and the needs of this particular segment.  By accomplishing the research, the aim was to find out what kind of products and services these quests could be advertised and provided with in order to make the stay in Helsinki an excellent experience.    This work has been completed within a rather compact timeframe, between May 2008, when starting the actual planning,  and November 2008 by which the research part, analysis and finalizing the work was done. A questionnaire was used as a research method and the study as whole was carried out within approximately a three week period.    The thesis is hoped to be helpful for the related company when developing marketing ideas in the near future. When considering the market circumstances with this specific niche in question, the created customer profile could help the hotel marketers as well as even destination marketers in co-operation to reach the right customers, and lay out marketing and advertising strategies to successfully communicate with targeted, prospective customers    This work also benefits the author, functioning as an excellent experience and learning tool bearing in mind the forthcoming career opportunities.    Following the official guideline, this paper progresses from introduction and literature review on to methodology explained all the way to analysis and final conclusions. Necessary addi-tional information is found in the end as appendices
