http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25637 music museums
music museums
The Sibelius Museum
In this new volume, 28 Scandinavian researchers and others who are active in arts and culture seek to answer the questions: What has been the effect of regional and local investment in arts and culture? And what positive and negative experiences have there been? This book describes and analyzes the extent to which cultural investments at local and regional levels have stimulated development and led to essential processes of change for the community in general. Of special interest is how different places manage to turn the tide . What do their development processes involve? Which ways and means do they use to go forward in order to change their paths and start anew? These are just a few of the important questions addressed in this book. One of the most important findings is that while you can never transfer the successful renewal of one place to another like a blueprint, certain common patterns in the cultural processes are discernible. The contributors to this book show the breadth of theoretical tools that can be used to increase awareness of the significance of culture for regional development. Throughout the book readers will find a multitude of theoretical concepts, from entrepreneurship theory, organizational institutionalism and cultural economy, to cultural planning and art management.
Cultural research in Europe 1996
The value of arts and culture for regional development : a Scandinavian perspective
Handbook for the collection of traditional music and musical instruments
Finland's culture in figures 2006
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT, theory & practice
Old masters : a comedy
Paris : a musical gazetteer
International handbook of research in arts education
Finnish Music Quarterly 1996:1
Music in the museum : material concerning the CECA Conference Warszawa - Torun - Poznan, 6-12 October 1975
Cultural experience and health : the coherence of health and leisure time activities
Royal Northern College of Music Collection of Historic Musical Instruments : catalogue of the collection
Calling on the composer : a guide to European composer houses and museums
Kulttuuritilasto 2011 = Cultural statistics 2011.
Music and painting in the National Gallery of Ireland / Barra Boydell
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT : theory & practice
A textbook of cultural economics
Marketing the arts : a fresh approach
Sibeliuksen Ainola = Sibelius and Ainola
Finland's culture in figures
Musical-boxes at the Victoria & Albert Museum : an introduction
Helsinki and a vision of place
Exploring North Korean arts
Ainola : the home of Jean and Aino Sibelius
Musical pictures of an industrial town
The Pierpoint Morgan Library : Medieval and Renaissance manuscripts / Terence Ford, Andrew Green ; in collaboration with Emilio Ros-Fábregas and  Elisabeth Wright
