http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2564 native countries
native countries homelands
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
The idea of home in law : displacement and dispossession
All the light we cannot see : a novel
The lowland
"This book focuses on the diverse interrelationships between aging and transnationalism. It argues that the lives of older people are increasingly entangled in transnational contexts on the social as well as the cultural, economic and political levels. Within these contexts, older people both actively contribute to and are affected by border-crossing processes. In addition, while some may voluntarily opt for adding a transnational dimension to their lives, others may have less choice in the matter. Transnational aging, therefore, provides a critical lens on how older people shape, organize and cope with life in contexts that are no longer bound to the frame of a single nation-state. Accordingly, the book emphasizes the agency of older people as well as the personal and structural constraints of their situations. The chapters in this book reveal these aspects by approaching transnational aging from different methodological angles, such as ethnographic research, comparative studies, quantitative data, and policy and discourse analysis. Geographically, the chapters cover a wide range of countries in Africa, Asia, Europe, North and South America, such as Namibia, Thailand, Russia, Germany, the United States and Ecuador"--
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
Contribution of livestock to food production in developing countries
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
This study estimated the possibilities of reducing costs and improving input use in a sample of Swedish farms specialising in beef production. Input use efficiency was measured in a multi-output, multi-input function distance function analysis, covering the period 2008-2011. For comparison, both the classical radial and the generalised non-parametric approach were used. The results revealed that on average, costs could be decreased by 20%. Both models constructed frontiers where: i) the rankings of farms according to efficiency were positively and highly correlated and ii) the size and the significance of the parameter estimates were similar. Input-saving technologies were found to be positively influenced by livestock density, pasture availability and the use of coupled income support. Larger farms, farms with higher specialisation in beef cattle, farms with a larger number of animals older than 2 years, farms converting to organic production, farms located in less favoured areas and farms located in regions with a shorter grazing period were found be less efficient.
Mind, society and behavior
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Matkailutilasto 1997 = Tourism statistics
Consumption in rural Bangladesh : households, lifestyles, and identities
Farmer George and the lost chick
The home country effects of internationalisation
Interregional business travel and the economics of business interaction
The truth about you
Memory meanders : place, home and commemoration in an ex-Rhodesian diaspora community
Children, place and indentity : nation and locality in middle childhood
My first book of farm animals
Watership Down
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
The saffron kitchen
Matkailutilasto 1999 = Tourism statistics
Slow Tourism and Other Emerging Trends in Finland
Readings in European security. Vol. 3
On the farm
Adherence to the home-country location of corporate headquarters : narratives of cultural identity, and resource-based pragmatism of globalising Finnish MNCs : location factors and managers' mutual knowledge networks in the Helsinki region
The Wolf Man : 2 disc special edition
The lowland : a novel
We visit the farm : Reproductions of antique dimensional pictures by Ernest Nister
The lost German East : forced migration and the politics of memory, 1945-1970
There's a cow in the cabbage patch
Return migration from Sweden 1968-1996 : a longitudinal analysis
Fox on the loose!
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Imaginary homelands of writers in exile : Salman Rushdie, Bharati Mukherjee, and V. S. Naipaul
The girl in the spider's web
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
Guidelines for the preparation of livestock sector reviews
Encyclopedia of the stateless nations : ethnic and national groups around the world
Migrants and the homeland : images, symbols, and realities
Home economics advisory services in rural areas of Europe
Redesigning animal agriculture : the challenge of the 21st century
"For every person over the age of 65 in todayʼs European Union there are four people of working age but, by 2050, there will only be two. Demand for long-term care, of which home care forms a significant part, will inevitably increase in the decades to come. Despite the importance of the issue there is, however, a lack of up-to-date and comparative information on home care in Europe. This volume attempts to fill some of that gap by examining current European policy on home-care services and strategies. Home Care across Europeprobes a wide range of topics including the linkage between social services and health-care systems, the prevailing funding mechanisms, how  service providers are paid, the impact of governmental regulation, and the complex roles played by informal caregivers. Drawing on a set of Europe-wide case studies (available in a second, online volume), the study provides comparable descriptive information on many aspects of the organization, financing and provision of home care across the continent. It is a text  that will help frame the coming debate about how best to serve elderly citizens as  European populations age." -- (takakansi)
The invention of the land of Israel : from Holy Land to homeland
Norway, Sweden, and Denmark are home to more than 90,000 transnational adoptees of Scandinavian parents raised in a predominantly white environment. This ethnography provides a unique perspective on how these transracial adoptees conceptualize and construct their sense of identity along the intersection of ethnicity, family, and national lines.
A young woman from Nigeria leaves behind her home and her first love to start a new life in America, only to find her dreams are not all she expected
The undertaking
Chosen peoples : [sacred sources of national identity]
Input saving possibilities and practices contributing to more efficient beef production in Sweden
Differences between neo-classical models and intrahousehold models in describing households in developing countries
The impact of village development funds on community welfare in the Lao People's Democratic Republic
Country Chic
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Contemporary Arab-American literature : transnational reconfigurations of citizenship and belonging
Transnational aging : current insights and future challenges
From the award-winning author of 'Half of a Yellow Sun,' a powerful story of love, race and identity. As teenagers in Lagos, Ifemelu and Obinze fall in love. Their Nigeria is under military dictatorship, and people are fleeing the country if they can. The self-assured Ifemelu departs for America. There she suffers defeats and triumphs, finds and loses relationships, all the while feeling the weight of something she never thought of back home: race. Obinze had hoped to join her, but post-9/11 America will not let him in, and he plunges into a dangerous, undocumented life in London. Thirteen years later, Obinze is a wealthy man in a newly democratic Nigeria, while Ifemelu has achieved success as a blogger. But after so long apart and so many changes, will they find the courage to meet again, face to face? Fearless, gripping, spanning three continents and numerous lives, 'Americanah' is a richly told story of love and expectation set in today's globalized world.
States and strangers : refugees and displacements of statecraft
Americanah
Hushabye Lily
At home in the Chinese diaspora : memories, identities and belongings
Miller's Valley : a novel
Feeding weaned piglets and growing-finishing pigs with diets based on mainly home-grown organic feedstuffs
Taxation, house prices and househould saving in the Nordic countries
Americanah : a novel
Welcome to Silver Street farm
Home Care Across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Constructing transnational and transracial identity : adoption and belonging in Sweden, Norway, and Denmark
Manure nutrient content in the Baltic Sea countries
The Republic of Uzupis
"A fifth of West Germany's post-1945 population consisted of ethnic German refugees expelled from Eastern Europe, a quarter of whom came from Silesia. As the richest territory lost inside Germany's interwar borders, Silesia was a leading objective for territorial revisionists, many of whom were themselves expellees. The Lost German East examines how and why millions of Silesian expellees came to terms with the loss of their homeland. Applying theories of memory and nostalgia, as well as recent studies on ethnic cleansing, Andrew Demshuk shows how, over time, most expellees came to recognize that the idealized world they mourned no longer existed. Revising the traditional view that most of those expelled sought a restoration of prewar borders so they could return to the east, Demshuk offers a new answer to the question of why, after decades of violent upheaval, peace and stability took root in West Germany during the tense early years of the Cold War"--Provided by publisher.
The future of nostalgia
Matkailutilasto 2001 = Tourism statistics
The allergy and asthma protective effects of farm environment and pet animals : the role of immunomodulation
Dismantling diasporas : rethinking the geographies of diasporic identity, connection and development
Household production in OECD countries : data sources and measurement methods
Foreign direct investment location and host country institutions in Latin America
Chilean journal of agricultural research
Feeding strategies for improving productivity of ruminant livestock in developing countries : proceedings of a combined advisory group meeting and a research co-ordination meeting organized by the joint FAO/IAEA division of nuclear techniques in food and agriculture and held in Vienna, 13-17 March 1989.
Tourism, mobility, and second homes : between elite landscape and common ground
Business Opportunities of Solar Photovoltaic Home Systems in Vietnam : case study: FOSERA Co. Ltd.
My first book of the farm
Environment and health in the Accra metropolitan area, Ghana
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
My mother's lovers
Friends go adventuring
Global diasporas : an introduction
Farm animals
Taxation and household saving in the Nordic countries
Transnational women's fiction : unsettling home and homeland
