http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25605 experimental art
experimental art
TheatreNOW
Moving Shadows : experimental film practice in a landscape of change
Arch of Neo : audiovisual performance and video work exploring the convergence between abstract visual music and dance
Histories and practices of live art
Experimental painting : inspirational approaches for mixed media art
Art of the deal : contemporary art in a global financial market / Noah Horowitz
Bookblock
Whe n is revolution : irrational right and wrong essays and poems
This is performance art : parts one and two
Augmenting theatre : engaging with the content of performances and installations on intermedial stages
"I don ́t like puppets!“ : reasons and inspiration for founding object theatre
Body show/s : Australian viewings of live performance
Experimental environment : Köbenhavn i 1980 / publisher: Arbejdsgruppen for Experimental Environment
Subversive Praktiken : Kunst unter Bedingungen politischer Repression : 60er-80er / Südamerika / Europa : [Württembergischer Kunstverein Stuttgart, 30. Mai - 2. August 2009] = Subversive practices : art under conditions of political repression : 60s-80s / / herausgegeben von = edited by: Hans D. Christ, Iris Dressler
Moving image
Eat love : food concepts by eating-designer Marije Vogelzang
New performance/new writing : texts and contexts in postmodern performance
Electronic and experimental music
Reliable knowledge : an exploration of the grounds for belief in science
Tribe : excercises in transitory art
Sture Johannesson
Earth sound, earth signal : energies and earth magnitude in the arts
Nanoart : the immateriality of art
Stelarc : the body is obsolete
Electronic and experimental music : technology, music, and culture
Subversive expectations : performance art and paratheater in New York 1976-85
Cold smell, white touch and the beautiful braille : a multisensory approach to visual art
The politics of performance : radical theatre as cultural intervention
In camera Francis Bacon : photography, film and the practice of painting
On the birth of experimental cinema
Twisty little passages : an approach to interactive fiction
Theatre & the digital
The filming of modern life : European avant-garde film of the 1920s
A dialogue with glass
Live physical theater performance recorded at Blue Room Theatre, Perth, Australia, in 1996.
Materiality
Live physical theater performance recorded at University of Malta Theatre, Valetta, Malta, in July 1997.
Theater at the margins : text and the post-structured stage
Notions of the city : notes on a place
Making : anthropology, archaeology, art and architecture
Electronic and experimental music : pioneers in technology and composition
A history of experimental film and video : from the canonical avant-garde to contemporary British practice
Photocinema : the creative edges of photography and film
Through the back : situating vision between moving bodies
Avant-garde performance : live events and electronic technologies
Experimental photography : a handbook of techniques with over 600 illustrations
Materiality has reappeared as a highly contested topic in recent art. Modernist criticism tended to privilege form over matter-considering material as the essentialized basis of medium specificity-and technically based approaches in art history reinforced connoisseurship through the science of artistic materials. But in order to engage critically with the meaning, for example, of hair in David Hammons's installations, milk in the work of Dieter Roth, or latex in the sculptures of Eva Hesse, we need a very different set of methodological tools. This anthology focuses on the moments when materials become willful actors and agents within artistic processes, entangling their audience in a web of connections. It investigates the role of materiality in art that attempts to expand notions of time, space, process, or participation. And it looks at the ways in which materials obstruct, disrupt, or interfere with social norms, emerging as impure formations and messy, unstable substances. It reexamines the notion of "dematerialization"; addresses materialist critiques of artistic production; surveys relationships between matter and bodies, from the hierarchies of gender to the abject and phobic; explores the vitality of substances; and addresses the concepts of intermateriality and transmateriality emerging in the hybrid zones of digital experimentation.
Modernist and avant-garde performance : an introduction
The avant-garde : a very short introduction
VILKE Collection Zusammenfassung.
Failure / edited by Lisa Le Feuvre
Expanded cinema : art, performance, film / edited by A.L. Rees, Duncan White, Steven Ball and David Curtis
The seasons : from the BBC school radio series : drama workshop
The dawn of DIMI
Living is a horizontal fall
Earth sound, earth signal is a study of energies in aesthetics and the arts, from the birth of modern communications in the nineteenth century to the global transmissions of the present day. Douglas Kahn begins by evoking the Aeolian sphere music that Henry David Thoreau heard blowing along telegraph lines and the Aelectrosonic sounds of natural radio that Thomas Watson heard through the first telephone; he then traces the histories of science, media, music, and the arts to the 1960s and beyond. Earth Sound Earth Signal rethinks energy at a global scale, from brainwaves to outer space, through detailed discussions of musicians, artists and scientists such as Alvin Lucier, Edmond Dewan, Pauline Oliveros, John Cage, James Turrell, Robert Barry, Joyce Hinterding, and many others.
As soon as I open my eyes I see a film : experiments in the art of Yugoslavia in the 1960s and 1970s
Caught in the act : a look at contemporary multimedia performance
Disappeariences : a performance of disappearance and absence
Theatre, performance and the historical avant-garde
A line of sight : American avant-garde film since 1965
Lucas Samaras : a retrospective : the National Gallery, Alexandros Soutzos Museum, April 4 - June 30, 2005 / curator - editor: Katerina Koskina ; [essays by Kim Levin...[et al.]]
Interactive performance systems : experimenting with human musical interaction
Fluxfilm anthology
Subversive expectations : performance and paratheater in New York, 1976 - 1985 / Sally Banes
Seiobo there below
Towards a poor theatre
Virtual theatres : an introduction
Against expression : an anthology of conceptual writing
Live physical theater performance recorded at the Murdoch University Theatre in August 1995.
Dancing around the Bride : Cage, Cunningham, Johns, Rauschenberg, and Duchamp
Exhibiting experimental art in China : [The David and Alfred Smart Museum of Art, the University of Chicago, 19.11.2000 - 7.1.2001] / Wu Hung
High touch : tactile design and visual explorations
Experimental Workshop : Japan 1951-1958 : Annely Juda Fine Art, London, 29 October - 18 December 2009 / [essays: Jasia Reichardt ... [et al.]
The transformative power of performance : a new aesthetics
Expanded cinema / Gene Youngblood ; introduction by R. Buckminster Fuller
Perform, repeat, record : live art in history
On the infra ordinary
Crossing body shadow
Julie Taymor : playing with fire : theater, opera, film
Abstract.
Abject art : repulsion and desire in American art : selections from the permanent collection
Theories of the avant-garde theatre : a casebook from Kleist to Camus
Against theatre : creative destructions on the modernist stage
The Fluxus reader / edited by Ken Friedman
There is something good in everything : an adaptation of Efland's eclectic approach
Social works : performing arts, supporting publics
Seeing is forgetting the name of the thing one sees : over thirty years of conversations with Robert Irwin
Tekstinauhoja : in large, well-organized termite colonies
Blood, sweat & theory
Art & play : designing ludic interactions within the art field
Abstract film and beyond
Live physical theater performance recorded at Nexus Theatre, Murdoch University, January 1997.
In today’s visual regime, contemporary dance operates as a critical force. It questions univocal representations and dominant cultural ideals of the body. Developing alternative approaches to physical expression, certain choreographers create body images that are vulnerable and permeable to the world. Their critical and experimental approach challenges and expands spectatorship, including the corporeal, technological and cultural elements that support the ways we see, hear, sense and imagine. Through the Back: Situating Vision between Moving Bodies seeks to articulate this critical potential in a series of essays that explores the work of experimental choreographers active throughout the noughties: Alexander Baervoets, Boris Charmatz, Meg Stuart, Benoit Lachambre, Vera Mantero, Philipp Gehmacher, Jennifer Lacey and Nadia Lauro, and deufert & plischke.
Not the other avant-garde : the transnational foundations of avant-garde performance
