http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25644 environmental communication
environmental communication
Perceptions, realities and forest communication
Crisis and disaster management for tourism
Whether you work at a home office or in one location of a global company, you need to work well with others to meet your professional and organizational goals. This book offers strategies for collaborating with colleagues more effectively no matter where you are. You'll learn tips and strategies for addressing a wide range of virtual work challenges, from conference calls to team chat room etiquette to navigating time zones to coping when technologies fail to avoiding feeling disconnected when you're not interacting one-on-one at the coffee station. Virtual Collaboration guides you through the basics of: - Deciding whether remote work is right for you - Communicating effectively over a variety of media - Clarifying the processes, goals, and tools you'll use to communicate and collaborate with your colleagues - Navigating common challenges, such as technology glitches, isolation, conflict, and performance issues.--
Abstract.
The daily globe : environmental change, the public and the media
Developing dialogic communication culture in media education : integrating dialogism and technology
Enhancing the usability of telecare devices
City - way of life - mass communication : report of the third Soviet-Finnish seminar
How to create the school of the future : revolutionary thinking and design from Finland
"Caring for the environment " : a discourse analysis of environmental programs on seven company webpages
Change process towards ICT supported teaching and learning
Change is now so commonplace that people no longer talk in terms of the "whitewater epoch". Every sector of the economies of the developed world has experienced huge swathes of change in the last decade of the twentieth century alone. Increased global competition, aided and abetted by technological advances, has led many organizations to seek to re-invent themselves in the hope of being able to survive and thrive. In mature sectors in particular, where the pace of consolidation is accelerating, organizations have had little option but to grow through acquisition or be absorbed. Whether the change is labelled "continuous process improvement", "restructuring", "downsizing" or re-engineering", to employees, change usually brings with it added pressures, job insecurity and a consequent loss of commitment to the organization. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success argues that strategic change in the new millennium will be geared increasingly to achieving sustainable high performance, rather than just short-term gains. Most theorists now agree that the real challenge of change lies in gaining employees" willingness to commit to the change effort. Change leaders at every level need to be able to understand the elements at work in any change process, and to use judgement about the style of leadership required to give the change effort the best chance of success. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success provides an overview of change and organizational theory, leading in particular to the author"s definition of the "input" elements of the high performance organisation, based on extensive research into UK and international organisations. It also contains a section looking at the management of change, with case studies illustrating approaches to managing change which are conducive to achieving sustainable high performance. In her companion book, The High Performance Organization- creating dynamic stability, the author explores some of the "how to"s" of building an organizational culture which is supportive of high performance in today"s challenging environment.
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
A new model of environmental communication for Europe: from consumption to use of information : executive summary ; European Environment Agency
The environment in the age of the internet : activists, communication, and the digital landscape
Media, culture and the environment
Information flow in multicultural work environment : case Amarillo Restaurant in Turku
Evaluation of environmental management systems within the administrative sector of the Finnish Ministry of Transport and Communications
A lightweight, user-controlled system for the home
Citizen voices : performing public participation in science and environment communication
Communicating sustainable development in the SADCC region : report on the training course of African communicators in environmental problems : follow-up seminar in Harare, Zimbabwe 7-18 may, 1990
Design of a virtual learning environment for students with special needs
Intercultural communication : an introduction
Proceedings
Reaching out through comics : co-creating comics for environmental education
An ecology of communication : cultural formats of control
City - way of life - social functions of mass communication : report of the fourth Finnish-Soviet seminar
Use of AAPO Social Workspace in a project-based work environment : a case study of an advertising agency
The development, implementation and use of e-learning : critical realism and design science perspectives
Exploring online self-presentation in computer-mediated environments : motives and reasons for photo-tagging and untagging
ICT in Chilean schools : students' and teachers' access to and use of ICT
Changes in the way work is conducted nowadays have changed significantly in the last years. Digitalisation, disruptions in workflows and challenges in communication have led to an unprecedented situation that requires people to be active on multiple channels to stay up to date on information. New social technologies have emerged in response to the changing work environment and working methods. The objective of this thesis was to study if there are any benefits or advantages in using a digital workspace service, AAPO Social Workspace, in a project-based work environment in the Commissioner organisation, Avalon Oy. This thesis aims to answer those questions in order for to gain researched data, and to further develop the service. The theoretical framework concerns the fundamentals of Web 2.0, digital workspaces and project management in general. This information provides the reader with an understanding of what the main functionalities in Web 2.0 are, and an understanding of project management and some of the aspects that need to be taken into consideration. Research data was collected through a survey that was conducted in the Commissioner organisation. The results suggest that using the service is of value and holds various benefits and advantages for the employees, including centralized communications, improved communality and ease of use. Moreover, key findings illustrate that the service is of value to project managers as well in managing project teams and clients. In conclusion, this study presents the reader with an introduction to project management, an overview of Web 2.0 and its applications, and the service and its features. The results are presented in a concise way, illustrating the use of the service in the Commissioner organisation. In-depth analysis and conclusions based on the results are provided for the reader. This study may be used as a basis for further studies on the subject.
Media, environment and the network society
Climate change and the media
Stakeholder relations in the regional state administration : case Central Finland Regional Environment Centre
Green Graphics
Stop, think, go, do : how typography and graphic design influence behavior
Image politics : the new rhetoric of environmental activism
The purpose of this bachelor's thesis is to search for new motivating methods to be used in environmental management practises when solving those problems, that managements are facing at present in trying to put ideas into action. Solutions are looked for both management and the employees. Since environmental protection is not the only important part of the environmental management but also the relationships between management and employees have to be taken into consideration, especially the communication between these two parties improvements are made. The thesis is commissioned by the Tampere Business Campus TBC Ry and it is prepared for the companies who are participating in the environmental team arranged by the TBC Ry. The companies are expecting practical solutions, which they can use in their own environmental management systems. The most important part of this thesis project, was the interviews, which were done in the participating companies. The interviews offered a good view to the current practices of environmental management and based on these it was possible to try to develop new practices to solve the possible motivation problems. Together with the interviews some literature sources are used in the thesis. The results are summoned up in the form of this bachelor's thesis, which hopefully provide new ideas for developing the current environmental management practices. The best part of the results are those issues that came up when interviewing the employees. They give an idea to the management about the way, how the employees see the environmental issues in the companies. Hopefully all the managers, find useful information from the thesis to use in their every day work. It is also considered important that the employees would know that their opinion is important in successful environmental management. If the management and employees are working closer together as suggested in the research results then the environmental management efforts are successful.
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Artists in the landscape of berry wars and reindeer husbandry.
Use of AAPO Social Workspace in a project-based work environment : A Case Study of an advertising agency
Environmental communication and the public sphere
Human communication theory
Meet like you mean it : a leader's guide to painless and productive virtual meetings
This practical and accessible text uses interesting case studies to raise students; awareness of misunderstandings in human communication and provides strategies for avoiding and resolving such misunderstandings. It can be used as a supplement in any course that addresses communication in interpersonal relationships.
Environmental engagement of Finnish printing companies
As society has become increasingly aware of environmental issues, the challenge of structuring public participation opportunities that strengthen democracy, while promoting more sustainable communities has become crucial for many natural resource agencies, industries, interest groups and publics. The processes of negotiating between the often disparate values held by these diverse groups, and formulating and implementing policies that enable people to fulfil goals associated with these values, can strengthen communities as well as tear them apart. This book provides a critical examination of the role communication plays in social transition, through both construction and destruction of community. The authors examine the processes and practices put in play when people who may or may not have previously seen themselves as interconnected, communicate with each other, often in situations where they are competing for the same resources. Drawing upon a diverse selection of case-studies on the American, Asian and European continents, the chapters chart a range of approaches to environmental communication, including symbolic construction, modes of organising and agonistic politics of communication. This volume will be of great interest to researchers, teachers, and practitioners of environmental communication, environmental conflict, community development and natural resource management.
Environment, media and communication
Information systems role in strategic agility : a supply chain context
The mass media and environmental issues
Probing a proactive home : challenges in researching and designing everyday smart environments
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Intercultural communication : workbook
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
International advertising : communicating across cultures
"There's a lot of activities going on but how do you make those known" : the challenges of organizational environmental communication in ICT-company
"There are a lot of activities going on but how do you make those known" : the challenge of organizational environmental communication in ICT-company
Awareness and participation towards encouraging sustainable urban water management : a case study of the Jakkur Lake, Bangalore
Classroom communication and instructional processes : advances through meta-analysis
Communicating environmental problems in SADCC countries : report on the training course of African communicators in environmental problems : national seminars in Zimbabwe, Malawi and Zambia, 23.1.-17.2.1989
Virtual collaboration : work from anywhere, overcommunicate, avoid isolation
Cause and Effect : visualizing sustainability
Social marketing to protect the environment : what works
Handbook of digital politics
The language of environment
Communicating the environmental performance of wood products
Environmental communication and community : constructive and destructive dynamics of social transformation
Communication and co-operation within intercultural multi-site project environment of a Case Company : Finland, Japan and the United Kingdom
Business passport to Japan
Media and the environment
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT : theory & practice
How to see the world : a Pelican introduction
The meaning of the built environment : a nonverbal communication approach
How do we talk about the environment? Does this communication reveal and construct meaning? Is the environment expressed and foregrounded in the new landscape of digital media? The Environment in the Age of the Internet is an interdisciplinary collection that draws together research and answers from media and communication studies, social sciences, modern history, and folklore studies. Edited by Heike Graf, its focus is on the communicative approaches taken by different groups to ecological issues, shedding light on how these groups tell their distinctive stories of "the environment". This book draws on case studies from around the world and focuses on activists of radically different kinds: protestors against pulp mills in South America, resistance to mining in the Sámi region of Sweden, the struggles of indigenous peoples from the Arctic to the Amazon, gardening bloggers in northern Europe, and neo-Nazi environmentalists in Germany. Each case is examined in relation to its multifaceted media coverage, mainstream and digital, professional and amateur. Stories are told within a context; examining the "what" and "how" of these environmental stories demonstrates how contexts determine communication, and how communication raises and shapes awareness. These issues have never been more urgent, this work never more timely. The Environment in the Age of the Internet is essential reading for everyone interested in how humans relate to their environment in the digital age.
Greenspeak : a study of environmental discourse
But I thought you meant... : misunderstandings in human communication
Environmentalism and the mass media : the North-South divide
Human territories : How we behave in spacetime
Understanding change : theory, implementation and success
Introducing social semiotics
Motivating personnel towards improved environmental management
The influence of communication on perceived barriers to environmental action
Expanding possibilities : project work using ICT
Impact of cultural differences on Finnish-German business negotations
Global crisis reporting : journalism in the global age
The use of e-mail and Web by people working for Finnish environmental organizations
The marketing book
Communicating nature : how we create and understand environmental messages
Magazine design : how to affect a reader's values? : a study based on the project of creating design for the Ympäristö magazine
Established and emerging business genres
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Political communication in the online world : theoretical approaches and research designs
Risk, media and stigma : understanding public challenges to modern science and technology
The handbook of communication ethics
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT, theory & practice
The illusion of certainty : health benefits and risks
E-learning and communication in teachers' training project: case: ADAPTYKES project
Environmental issues and communication in SADCC coutries : report on the training course of African communicators in environmental problems : intensive training period in Kenya and in Finland 7.5.-22.6.1989
