http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25657 gothic novels
gothic novels
Melmoth the wanderer
The Prince of Mist
Bram Stoker : centenary essays
The world exists for me. Volume 2
The Gormenghast trilogy : Titus Groan, Gormenghast, Titus alone/ Mervyn Peake ;[interior illustrations by Mervyn Peake]
The taxidermist's daughter
Hemlock Grove, or, The wise wolf
I think I'll eat your heart : posthuman queerness in Hannibal
The Victorian gothic : an Edinburgh companion
The relevance of generic frames for the interpretation of novels
The wicked
Unsettled remains : Canadian literature & the postcolonial gothic
Blood for St. Valentine : a new gothic novel
The elements of the Gothic in The castle of Otranto and The Italian
The 'new world' gothic monster : spatio-temporal ambiguities, male bonding and Canadiannes in John Richardson's Wacousta
The classic supernatural thriller by an author who helped define the genre. First published in 1959, Shirley Jackson's "The Haunting of Hill House" has been hailed as a perfect work of unnerving terror. It is the story of four seekers who arrive at a notoriously unfriendly pile called Hill House: Dr. Montague, an occult scholar looking for solid evidence of a haunting; Theodora, his lighthearted assistant; Eleanor, a friendless, fragile young woman well acquainted with poltergeists; and Luke, the future heir of Hill House. At first, their stay seems destined to be merely a spooky encounter with inexplicable phenomena. But Hill House is gathering its powers and soon it will choose one of them to make its own.
The prince of mist / Carlos Ruiz Zafón ; translated from the Spanish by Lucia Graves ; illustrated by Sarah Jane Coleman
The maker of swans
This house is haunted
Genre and interpretation
The world exists for me. Volume 1
The historian
Whatever walked there, walked alone. The question of the supernatural in the Haunting of Hill House and its film version
Southern cross the dog
Encyclopedia Gothica
Florence and Giles
Northanger Abbey
The raven's head
The prince of mist
Scottish women's gothic and fantastic writing : fiction since 1978
The eighteenth-century Gothic novel : an annotated bibliography of criticism and selected texts
The haunting of Hill House
Storm Thief
Gothic topographies : language, national building and 'race'
Stalin's ghosts : Gothic themes in early Soviet literature
The Gothic
How cultural? How material? : rereading the slums of early Victorian London
From Italy to the Finnish woods : the rise of gothic fiction in Finland
Four Gothic novels
The female thermometer : eighteenth-century culture and the invention of the uncanny
Hemlock Grove : or, The wise wolf
The gothic avant-garde : a confusion of tongues in Gustav Meyrink and Hugo Ball
Springtime : a ghost story
The oversight
The guide to supernatural fiction : a full description of 1775 books from 1750 to 1960, including ghost stories, weird fiction, stories of supernatural horror, fantasy, Gothic novels, occult fiction, and similar literature : with author, title, and motif indexes
New directions in 21st century gothic : the gothic compass
The Oxford book of Gothic tales
"I want to be free!" : Marie Linder''s novel En qvinna af vår tid as an early comment on women's rights
Mr Crowe was once the toast of the finest salons. A man of learning and means, he travelled the world, enthralling all who met him. Now, Mr Crowe devotes himself to earthly pleasures. He has retreated to his sprawling country estate, where he lives with Clara, his mysterious young ward, and Eustace, his faithful manservant. His great library gathers dust and his once magnificent gardens grow wild. But Mr Crowe and his extraordinary gifts have not been entirely forgotten. When he acts impetuously over a woman, he attracts the attention of Dr Chastern, the figurehead of a secret society to which Crowe still belongs. Chastern comes to Crowe's estate to call him to account, and what follows will threaten everyone he cares for. But Clara possesses gifts of her own, gifts whose power she has not yet fully grasped. She must learn to use them quickly, if she is to save them all.
The haunting of Alaizabel Cray
The possessions of Doctor Forrest : {a novel}
This dark endeavour : the apprenticeship of Victor Frankenstein
Gothic fiction
The forbidden : a vampire huntress legend
The paradox
White crow
The Castle of Otranto
The mysteries of Udolpho
The marble faun; or, The romance of Monte Beni
A stranger in a silent city : gothic motifs embracing queer textuality in Alan Hollinghurst's The folding star
