http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25609 bile acids
bile acids
3a-hydroxy-N-(3-hydroxypropyl)-5b-cholan-24-amide
Bile acid amides as components of microcrystalline organogels
The metabolism of cholesterol in primary biliary cirrhosis
Structural characteristics and properties of substituted cholanoates and N-substituted cholanamides
Amides of bile acids and biologically important small molecules : properties and applications
Syntheses, empirical and theoretical characterization, and metal cation complexation of bile acid-based monomers and open/closed dimers
Solid state studies of pharmaceutically important molecules and their derivatives
Synthesis, characterization and structural properties of various covalent and non-covalent bile acid derivatives of N/O-heterocycles and their precursors
Dietary fat and bile acids in the pathogenesis of gut barrier dysfunction
Bile acid-arene conjugates : from photoswitchability to cancer cell detection
Structural, Thermoanalytical and Molecular Modeling Studies on N-(3-hydroxypropyl) 3a,12a-Dihydroxy-5b-cholan-24-amide and Its Monohydrates
Effects of gender, and SLCO1B1 and CYP7A1 polymorphisms on plasma bile acids in humans and the pharmacokinetics of therapeutic ursodeoxycholic acid
Syntheses, structural characterisation, and cation/anion recognition properties of nano-sized bile acid-based host molecules and their precursors
α-Methylacyl-CoA racemase (Amacr) is an auxiliary enzyme of β-oxidation and participates in the elimination of methyl-branched fatty acids in peroxisomes and in mitochondria and in the synthesis of bile acids in peroxisomes. Amacr catalyzes in reversible manner the isomerization of fatty acyl-CoA esters with a methyl group in the R-configuration to the corresponding S-configuration, which allows them to serve as substrates for the next reaction in their metabolism. The substrates of Amacr include the acyl-CoA esters of 2R-pristanic acid, a metabolite derived from phytol, and 25R-THCA and 25R-DHCA (tri- and dihydroxycholestanoic acid), the bile acid intermediates derived from cholesterol. AMACR-deficiency in humans results in the accumulation of R-isoforms of its substrates. Patients with adult onset AMACR-deficiency suffer from neurological disorders. The more severe infantile form of the deficiency is characterized by liver disease. Amacr-deficient mice show a bile acid pattern similar to that of human patients with accumulation of bile acid intermediates in their body. In contrast to humans, Amacr-deficient mice are clinically symptomless on a regular laboratory chow diet. Supplementation of phytol in their diet triggers the disease state with liver abnormalities. In this study it was shown that in spite of the disruption of a major metabolic pathway, Amacr-deficient mice are able to readjust their cholesterol and bile acid metabolism to a new balanced level allowing them to live a normal life span. A double knockout mouse model deficient in Amacr and MFE-1 (peroxisomal multifunctional enzyme type 1) was generated in this work. Characterization of this mouse line showed that MFE-1 can contribute to peroxisomal side-chain shortening of C27 bile acid intermediates in both Amacr-dependent and Amacr-independent pathways.In addition, this work confirmed that Amacr-deficient mice are unable to thrive when phytol is supplemented in their chow. The main cause of death was liver failure accompanied by kidney and brain abnormalities. The detoxification of phytol metabolites in liver is accompanied by activation of multiple pathways and Amacr-deficient mice are not able to respond adequately. The results of this study emphasize the indispensable role of Amacr in detoxification of α-methyl branched fatty acids.
Serum bile acids during infancy and childhood : with special reference to neonatal hyperbilirubinaemia
Role of α-methylacyl-CoA racemase in lipid metabolism
