http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25620 biological parents
biological parents
Parental psychosis, risk factors and protective factors for schizophrenia and other psychosis : the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
A proper family Christmas
This book places equal emphasis on both ends of the transnational adoption chain: the formation of the adoptive family and the disaggregation of the family of origin. Situating these in the context of the Global North-South divide, it investigates the devastating effects of social inequalities on the adoption process and on the mothers whose children are adopted. The focus is on adoptions from Africa, which given the declining numbers of potential adoptees globally has recently emerged as a new continent of origin. Based on unique primary material gathered in in-depth interviews with South African families of origin and Finnish adoptive families, the book investigates the decision-making processes of both sets of parents and the encounters between them. The first mothers’ narratives are juxtaposed with those of the adopters and of the adoption social workers who act on the principles of the wider adoption system. Concluding with a critique of the Global Northism that exemp  lifies current practices, the author sketches the contours of a more just approach to transnational adoption that would shatter rather than perpetuate inequality. The book could also be read as an exposé of the consequences of current inequalities for poor families.
A long way home
The aim of this study was to investigate whether risk factors for psychosis are different among those with and without parental psychosis, and to study the interaction between parental psychosis and risk factors. Protective factors for psychosis were also examined. Data from the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966 (N = 10,458) was used.Biological risk factors in particular increased the risk for schizophrenia and other psychosis among those with parental psychosis. In the same group, the risk for schizophrenia was increased if the achievement of holding the head up and touching the thumb with the index finger was delayed. A new born’s large size, advanced maternal age and mother’s antenatal depressed mood had interactions with parental psychosis regarding risk for schizophrenia and the mother’s smoking during pregnancy regarding risk for other psychosis. Parental psychosis and delayed touching the thumb with the index finger had an interaction regarding risk for schizophrenia and other psychosis. Several variables were associated with the decreased risk for psychosis in the total sample. In the parental psychosis group, only a mother’s non-depressed mood and a mother’s working outside the home or studying associated to remaining unaffected.This study is one of the few studies to investigate risk factors for psychosis among those with and without parental psychosis and to examine interactions between parental psychosis and risk factors. This study showed that many risk factors increased the risk for schizophrenia and other psychosis only among those with parental psychosis. Hence, parental psychosis might even explain part of the association between some risk factors. Surprisingly few protective factors were found among those with parental psychosis. Further studies on the protective factors for psychosis are important in order to prevent psychosis in individuals at hi gh risk.
Treatment of obesity in children : a study on the efficacy of a family-based group program compared with routine counselling
Global families, inequality and transnational adoption : the de-kinning of first mothers
Before she was mine
I wish for you a beautiful life : letters from the Korean birth mothers of Ae Ran Won to their children
The big picture : a novel
