http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25615 overloading
overloading
Mechanical stretch and peptide growth factors in the regulation of the hypertrophic response of cardiomyocytes : ANP and BNP as model genes
Abstract.
Neuromuscular adaptation of conscripts during an 8-week military basic training period in Finnish winter conditions
Code optimisation for frequency hopping of base transceiver station's digital signal processing software
Physical function and biomechanics of gait in obese adults after weight loss
The life-changing magic of not giving a f**k : how to stop spending time you don't have doing things you don't want to do with people you don't like
Work pressures : new agendas in communication
Assessment of voice among emerging high-risk population groups : with special emphasis on kindergarten teachers, children with laryngeal reconstruction, and workers exposed to organic dust
An infant with food allergy and eczema in the family : the mental and economic burden of caring
Low back pain and associated factors in adolescence:a cohort study
Effects of military training on aerobic fitness, serum hormones, oxidative stress and energy balance, with special reference to overreaching
Cardiac hypertrophy is the primary adaptive mechanism of the heart to increased workload, though when advanced, it becomes a leading predictor for heart failure and sudden death. The growth stimulus elicited by a hemodynamic load is attributable to a combination of mechanical and neurohumoral factors, but the precise roles of individual growth promoting components are still unclear. This study utilized atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) and B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) as model genes with which to investigate the involvement and mechanisms of mechanical stress and peptide growth factors in hypertrophic response of cardiac myocytes.The direct effect of mechanical stretch was studied in two different in vitro models of cultured neonatal rat cardiomyocytes. In the first approach, hypo-osmotic swelling -induced stretch increased ANP mRNA levels in atrial cells. In the second model, cyclic mechanical stretch of ventricular cells grown on flexible membranes evoked ANP and BNP gene expression and secretion. The mechanisms of stretch-induced BNP gene expression were studied by measurement of the activities of transcription factors and by utilizing promoter analysis together with site specific mutations. Stretch activated the binding of the transcription factor GATA-4 similarly to pressure overload in vivo. Mutational studies revealed that specific GATA consensus sites on the BNP promoter, in combination with an Nkx-2.5 binding element, were critical for stretch-activated BNP transcription. Importantly, a reduction of GATA-4 protein levels inhibited the stretch-induced hypertrophic response. Both cyclic mechanical stretchin vitro and hemodynamic overload in vivo activated the expression of peptide growth factor bone morphogenetic protein-2 (BMP-2). The effects of BMP-2 closely resembled those of mechanical stretch including the increase in the expressions of ANP and BNP. Fu rthermore, the BMP antagonist noggin inhibited the effect of stretch on ANP and BNP. Fibroblast growth factor 1 stimulated ANP synthesis and secretion in a protein kinase C dependent manner.In conclusion, this work demonstrates that mechanical stretch per se is sufficient to activate the hypertrophic gene program in cardiac myocytes. This effect seems to be at least partially mediated by the growth factor BMP-2 acting in a paracrine manner. The activation of the GATA-4 transcription factor, in cooperation with a factor binding to the Nkx-2.5 binding element, is essential for mechanical stretch-induced cardiomyocyte hypertrophy.
Life-changing magic of not giving a f**k : how to stop spending time you don't have with people you don't like doing things you don't want to do
Overload! : how too much information is hazardous to your organization
The future of personal information management. Part 1, Our information, always and forever
Mechanical stretch and peptide growth factors in the regulation of the hypertrophic response of cardiomyocytes:ANP and BNP as model genes
