http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25643 polyandry
polyandry
A shiver of light
Expecting triplets, faerie princess and former private eye Merry Gentry fights to save herself and her babies from Taranis, King of Light and Illusion by appealing to a god of death known as Darkness
A study of polyandry
A kiss of shadows
This is the funny, sexy, and provocative memoir of one woman's journey to find sexual fulfillment and create a new family model that includes herself, her lover, her husband and his lover, and their kids. In a world where women often feel pressured to be everything to everyone, Gracie X courageously strives to have it all. From dabbling in polyamory to adopting an open marriage, X eventually discovers how to have the family she wants, the love she needs, and the sexual freedom she has been craving. At once revealing, poignant, and controversial, Gracie shines light on life outside the traditional marriage box one woman blended love, sex and marriage in unconventional ways and found the fulfillment she was looking for.
A stroke of midnight : a novel
Seduced by moonlight
Rainbow bridge
Light my fire
Wide open : my adventures in polyamory, open marriage, and loving on my own terms
A caress of twilight
Sexual selection results from competition between individuals over access to gametes of the opposite sex. Starting with anisogamy, with females producing larger and fewer gametes than males, females usually invest more in reproduction and thus have lower potential reproductive rates than males. Therefore males are traditionally suggested to compete over females whereas females are choosy. The different evolutionary interests between the sexes result in different selection regimes considering e.g. mating rates. In some species, this conflict is even seen as apparent struggles between males and females over mating decision and/or duration, resulting in antagonistic coevolution with both sexes evolving adaptations to gain more control over the other sex. In this thesis, I studied the role of A. paludum female abdominal spines as an adaptation to reject male mating attempts. I studied both the effect of polyandry and multiple matings on female fecundity to distinguish between the potential material and genetic benefits from mating to females. I also explored the role of various male and female morphological traits on precopulatory sexual selection and the consequent female reproductive output. My results show that female abdominal spines are likely evolved through arms races between the sexes to increase female control over mating decision but according to my studies, female spines are not under active selection. Instead, certain male morphological types were more successful in achieving matings, and mating with these males also increased female fecundity. I found that multiple matings increase female fecundity up to a point, supporting a theory of optimal female mating rate. According to my results, the benefits from multiple mating to A. paludum females result from material origin whereas polyandry per se is even detrimental to female fecundity.^
A stroke of midnight
Mistral's kiss : a novel
Polyandry, multiple mating and sexual conflict in a water strider, Aquarius paludum
Swallowing darkness
A lick of frost
