http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p256 dwellings
dwellings flats apartments
The something
The time pattern of single family house price changes
Finland's financial system is, by structure, vulnerable to risks associated with lending for house purchase. Housing loan volumes are large relative to other lending by banks and requirements on banks' own funds. The fact that household debt levels have increased and that housing wealth constitutes a large proportion of household assets also increases the vulnerabilities. In addition, covered bonds secured by housing loans play a significant role in bank funding and investment. However, the increase in vulnerabilities has largely levelled off in the 2010s..
The emerging mortgage market in Russia : an overview with local and foreign perspectives
House prices have in the past 10 years risen in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area faster than in the other large Finnish cities. The widening price gap may reflect the increasing attractiveness of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area relative to the other major cities. At the same time, the decline in housing loan interest rates has reduced the user cost of owner-occupied housing. This may also explain why house prices have risen in areas where the supply of housing has not grown correspondingly..
James May's man lab : the book of usefulness
The tax reform and the housing market
Housing demand and intra-urban mobility decisions : a search approach
Residential tourism in Northern Cyprus. Motivation factors of tourists towards NC.
Buy-to-let investments in Spain : Investing as a Private Person versus Establishing a Company
Dream homes : 100 inspirational interiors
Dream homes country : 100 inspirational interiors
The Dilemma of Real Estate Market in Mainland China
Houses through the ages
Renovating for profit : add value to your property with this definitive guide
Asuntojen hinnat = House prices. 2006
A squash and a squeeze
Joustavien asuntojen aika = Time for flexible housing
Net migration in London : evidence of ethnic deconcentration
Sustainable solar housing Volume 1 : strategies and solutions
Risk weights help to establish each bank's minimum own funds relative to lending, ensuring the bank's ability to cover the related credit risk. The risk weight calculation method chosen by the bank may have a significant effect on capital requirements and ultimately on the price of credit. A harmonised calculation of housing loan risk weights would support fair competition between banks..
Customer satisfaction survey for OVV-Tampere
100 interiors around the world
Housing Fair, Joensuu, Finland, 14.7.-13.8.1995
Lofts : new dimension  = Nuevos lofts
Protecting housing rights in Nigeria : the role of NGOs
House price fluctuations and residential sorting
Real estate investments in Finland
Mini houses
Decorate : 1,000 professional design ideas for every room in your house
The economic problems of housing : proceedings of a conference
Essential storage : the back to basics guide to home design, decoration and furnishing
Renovation building
Marketing Plan of Rental Apartments in Costa Blanca for Scandinavians : Case: Zariko Enterprise SL
Buildings and free-time residences
The UK Housing Market: Study of Why and to What Extent Was the UK Housing Market Over-Valued and Was There a Bubble Present in the Beginning of the 21st Century.
Shelter for living
Housing companies : maintenance and repair responsibilities
Barrier-free design : a manual for building designers and managers
How to improve marketing and customer relationship management of the cottage holiday business RapoJärviLoma, the target market being the residents of St. Petersburg and Moscow?
Tightening regulation has only a limited impact on loan margins
Interaction between housing prices and household borrowing in Finland
The houses of mankind
Housing subsidies in the United States and England
Nordic financial sector vulnerable to housing market risks
Influence and invisibility : tenants in housing provision in Mwanza City, Tanzania
The housing bubble and consumer buying behavior - A research in Vietnamese residential market
Rethinking housing law
Second home tourism in Finland : perceptions of citizens and municipalities on the state and development of second home tourism
Timeshare - the new force in tourism
Prices of dwellings in housing companies
This house is not for sale
World housing survey 1974 : an overview of the state of housing, building and planning within human settlements
Capital gains taxation and residential mobility in the Swedish housing market
Changes in the household structure of the Finnish elderly by age, sex and educational attainment in 1987–2035
Household indebtedness is high in the Nordic countries. Housing loans are a significant part of banks' business, and covered bonds are important for banks both as sources of funding and as investments. The large size of the Nordic banking sector, its high degree of concentration and its interconnectedness with insurance companies increase the importance of housing market-related risks for the financial system and the economy as a whole. The materialisation of threats would increase losses in lending and investment activities and the cost of funding..
Barrier-free design : a manual for building designers and mnagers
Slums and community development : experiments in self-help
The look of love
Dwellings and housing conditions
Social Housing = Viviendas sociales-V.P.O
Everyday living environments of elderly persons : research on flat apartment housing of persons 70 years of age and more in Hämeenlinna and in Tampere
More dream homes : 100 inspirational interiors
From stuffed to sorted : your essential guide to organising, room by room
Fyrtiotalets svenska bostad = Swedish housing of the 'forties
Pathfinder flip-mat : Giant lairs
Omia tiloja = Space's of one's own
Precious time
The home insulation manual
Constructing residence as home : homeowners and their housing histories
Household debt - how much is too much?
Writers' houses
Paint finishes : a guide to achieving creative and decorative paint effects throughout your home
The art of living
Business plan : student housing in Kirtipur, Nepal
Sustainable competitive advantage through resource allocations in operational strategies in housing business : case company
A family for Old Mill Farm
Extraordinary mode of singing by Finlanders
Housing loan risk weights affect banks' capital adequacy
Social rented housing in Europe : policy, tenure and design
Measurements of 50 Hz magnetic fields in Finnish homes
Finnish Customer Expectations in Senior Residences on Costa del Sol, Spain : Case: Villa Aurora Company
Viljo Revell : works and projects = Bauten und Brojekte
One room interiors : 34 designs form around the world
New York Interiors = Intérieurs new-yorkais
A broader set of tools needed to prevent financial crises
The foreseeable tightening of bank capital requirements will only marginally add to bank costs and, by extension, to loan margins. The other side of the coin is that the most important tool at the disposal of the Financial Supervisory Authority for preventing threats to stability from excessive credit growth - the countercyclical capital buffer requirement - may turn out to be a more ineffective macroprudential instrument than hoped for. Regulation of minimum risk weights for housing loans is likely to be a more effective tool for reining in excessive growth in lending for house purchase..
Chez geek : house party edition
Asuntojen hinnat = House prices. 2003
Small log homes : storybook plans & advice
Landhäuser in Holland = Country houses of Holland = Les maisons romantiques de Hollande
Major long-term problems of government housing and related policies
A parametric version of the Danish rent allowance scheme
Farrow & Ball : living with colour
New Moroccan style : the art of sensual living
Essays on economic outcomes of immigrants and homosexuals
The trends of the early post-millennium years - a larger average loan size and longer loan repayment periods - have permanently increased household vulnerability to debt-related risks in Finland. Household indebtedness embraces another four features that amplify the risks to the economy: the debt level is high relative to GDP, risks are unevenly distributed, loans are tied to variable interest rates and, in part, loans are large relative to the collateral provided. The stabilisation of debt developments in the 2010s has been positive for financial stability..
Finland's neighbouring countries have actively adopted macroprudential instruments to counter stability risks relating to lending for house purchase. Sweden and Norway are taking strong measures to restrain housing credit growth and the associated risks. Of the Baltic States, Estonia and Lithuania, in turn, have imposed limits on the maximum loan servicing costs and length of housing loans so as to prevent risks proactively. Finland has adopted new macroprudential instruments more slowly. The loan-to-value cap that will enter into force in Finland in summer 2016 is more lenient than the requirements imposed in neighbouring countries..
Indices of owner-occupied housing prices
Asuntojen hinnat = House prices. 2002
Finland's neighbours rein in lending for house purchase
Your colours your home : decorating with the colours that reflect your personality
Cabin fever : sheds and shelters, huts and hideaways
RESEARCH ON THE EFFECTIVENESS OF ADVERTISING CHANNELS AT VIITAMAA CARAVAN OY
Long-run price transmission in the different regions of the Finnish housing markets
Urban chic
'White Flight' in Finland? : a qualitative study into Finnish-born families' housing and school choices in Turku
Financial crises and other serious financial disruptions may be caused by several different types of risks. Macroprudential policy, designed to prevent such crises, needs a more diversified set of tools than are available in Finland at present. Although the Board of the Financial Supervisory Authority already has access to a number of macroprudential instruments, there is reason for the toolkit to be supplemented. There is a need for instruments to ensure capital adequacy in the Finnish banking sector and, if necessary, prevent the housing market overheating..
Portable houses
Geography of home : writings on where we live
The building opposite. Volume 1
There is ongoing concern as to whether ethnic communities in Great Britain are becoming increasingly spatially segregated. This paper uses data from the 2001 Census of Population to explore the relationship between ethnic net migration and ethnic population concentration in London, the capital city and main location of ethnic minority populations in the United Kingdom. The findings suggest that migration is acting as an agent of dispersal of non-White populations from areas of high ethnic concentration to areas of low ethnic concentration, whereas White migrants are leaving areas where they are underrepresented and moving to areas of over-representation..
Social aspects of housing and urban development
150 best loft ideas
How to live in small spaces : design, furnishing, decoration, detail for the smaller home
Dream rooms : inspirational interiors from 100 homes
The home and the world : a view of Calcutta
Accessible housing
Loft
Evaluation and development of marketing channels : case: Samira Group Ltd.
On landlord's discriminatory behaviour
Processes of residential differentation in socialist cities : literature review on the cases of Budapest, Prague, Tallinn and Warsaw
Understanding colour at home
Dictators' homes
China's living houses : folk beliefs, symbols, and household ornamentation
When the wind blew
Home decorating
European Seminar on Social Aspects of Housing, Lepolampi (Finland) 16-26 August 1959 : report
The smart loft
On the political economy of housing's tax status
Lofts
Panorama of home sweet 43,5 m2
Apartment living : stylish decorating ideas for flats and lofts
Residential demand for electric space heating in Finland 1975-1982
Innovative Houses : concepts for sustainable living
Home series : Apartments
Living arrangements and their association to physical function at the ages of 90 and over
Small and chic : high style for small spaces
Making social capital : case study of two beneficiary communities of the social housing initiative, Lagos, Nigeria
Tourism, mobility, and second homes : between elite landscape and common ground
The newlyweds' guide to setting up home : creating an affordable and stylish first home
Houses and people : a review of user studies at the building research station
Environmental gerontology : making meaningful places in old age
Regional divergence is a strong feature of the Finnish housing market and household debt. House prices are higher in growth centres than in the rest of the country, and households in growth centres also have more housing debt both in absolute terms and relative to their income. In the long term, the mutually reinforcing cycles and vulnerabilities in housing and credit markets could turn out to be detrimental to financial stability and the macroeconomy..
Why we build
Adding value to your home
Home design ideas : how to plan and decorate a beautiful home
Mary Gilliatt's interior design course
On the importance of borrowing contraints for house price dynamics
Housing partnerships : a new approach to a market at a crossroads
Shaker : life, work, and art
One country, many housing markets
Living in the forest : meanings and use of recreational residences
No one gets out alive
Taunton's home storage idea book
Low interest rates reflected in house prices
Housing decisions
Great escapes : inspirational retreat homes in stunning locations
Eco house manual
Challenges of a small family owned growth company : case Kotimaailma Apartments
High housing debt increases risks to financial stability
Hyvin suunniteltu olisi puoliksi tehty = Good planning is half the battle
The optimal tax treatment of housing capital in the neoclassical growth model
Living in a small space : experimental projects from four continents = experimentelle Projekte aus vier Kontinenten
Studies on owner-occupied housing, taxation and portfolio choice
Urban housing
Combining classification and hedonic quality adjustment in constructing a House Price Index
The making of home
Flexibility and choice in housing
Retreats : handmade hideways to refresh the spirit
Contemporary country
Bid-ask spread in Finnish housing markets
Dolly : a ghost story
