http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25627 web editors
web editors
Super searchers in the news : the online secrets of journalists and news researchers
This is a much needed one-stop guide for students and practitioners that covers the theory and principles, the skills and practice, and also the realities of building a successful career in the new economy of journalism.
Determinants and consequences of information sharing with key suppliers
Journalism and new media
802.11b WLAN for Kesko warehouse 1
Assessing the benefits of electronic product catalogs in B2B e-procurement : Finnish suppliers’ perspective
Online journalism : the essential guide
Writing for journalists
The multimedia journalist : storytelling for today's media landscape
Online and social media have become indispensible tools for journalists, but you still have to know how to find and tell a great story. To be a journalist today, you must have not only the practical skills to work with new technologies, but also the understanding of how and why journalism has changed. Combining theory and practice, Online Journalism will take you through the classic skills of investigating, writing and reporting as you master the new environments of mobile, on-demand, social, participatory and entrepreneurial journalism. You will also develop must-have skills in app development for smartphones and tablets, as well as techniques in podcast, blog and news website production.
The chapter considers the global impacts of digital communication technolo- gies and how they can influence media pluralism and media freedom as well as the ways in which legal systems aim to support and protect them. Electronic communication and technical developments have in fact contributed to enor- mous changes in daily life. They have also promoted important economic, social and cultural transformations. The new digital environment has become an essential space used for various purposes not strictly informational. In addi- tion, digital communication technologies are regarded as necessary instru- ments for having full enjoyment of a series of rights, including the right to access knowledge and information, the right to communicate, the right to culture and the right to participate in society. This new situation also implies that all people should have access to these technological innovations at affordable conditions, and that any restrictions should be strictly limited and proportionate. As online networks are considered a particularly well-designed space for pluralism and cultural diversity, their freedom and openness should be pro- tected and enhanced. In particular, the principle of an open and unrestricted Internet – as it was originally conceived – should be considered an essential precondition for any regulatory measure taken with regard to it. Digital Media Pluralism.
Journalists and media accountability : an international study of news people in the digital age
Entrepreneurial journalism : how to build what's next for news
Video journalism for the web : a practical introduction to documentary storytelling
Citizen journalism : valuable, useless, or dangerous?
Managing Purchasing and Supply Relationships
Online newswriting
Online journalism : a critical primer
Media accountability is back on the political agenda. Debates about the phone-hacking scandal at Rupert Murdoch's News of the World have shown that the need for free and responsible journalism is more pressing than ever. Opinions, however, differ on the measures that need to be taken. Do existing structures of media accountability - such as press councils, codes of ethics, and ombudspersons - suffice, or do we urgently need new instruments and initiatives in today's converging media world? These questions were tackled in an international survey of 1,800 journalists in twelve European and two Arab states conducted by the EU-funded research project, Media Accountability and Transparency in Europe (MediaAct). The results provide a solid empirical basis for the discussions taking place. This book advances research on media accountability and transparency, and also offers innovative perspectives for newsrooms, media policy-makers, and journalism educators. Its systematic comparative design makes it an unprecedented venture in international journalism studies.
Summaries.
Social media for journalists : principles & practice
Journalism in the age of the net : changing society, changing profession
Journalism today : a themed history
Freedom of expression and media in transition : studies and reflections in the digital age
Practicing convergence journalism : an introduction to cross-media storytelling
Unbinding the Japanese novel in English translation : the Alfred A. Knopf program, 1955 – 1977
