http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2569 grasses (family)
grasses (family) Poaceae
Field guide to the grasses of Singapore (Excluding the bamboos)
Genera of New World Eragrostideae (Poaceae: Chloridoideae)
Fundamentals of turfgrass management
Grass weeds. 1, Weeds of the subfamily Panicoideae : Ungräser der Unterfamille Panicoideae = Adventices de la sous-famille des Panicoideae = Malezas de la subfamilia Panicoideae
Fungal endophyte mediated trophic interactions in grasses : from ecology to applications : by Päivi Lehtonen
The grass genera of the world
The Fourth International Conference on the Comparative Biology of the Monocotyledons & The Fifth International Symposium on Grass Systematics and Evolution, Copenhagen, Denmark 11-15 August 2008, University of Copenhagen, Denmark. : abstracts / Monocots 4
Nitrogen fixation with non-legumes : the 4th International symposium on "Nitrogen fixation with non-legumes", Rio de Janeiro, 23-28 August 1987
Flora of New Zealand. Vol. 5, Graminae
Ground cover : a thousand beautiful plants for difficult places
Spatial mosaics and vegetation diversity in grassland ecosystems : interacting effects of ants, nematodes and above-ground herbivores
Chinese kites : how to make and fly them
Bamboos : a gardener's guide to their cultivation in temperate climates
Effect of annually repeated undersowing on cereal grain yields
Keys to tribes and genera of Ecuadorian grasses
C[sub 4] grasses and cereals : growth, development, and stress response
Species richness and distribution in relation to light in wooded meadows and pastures in southern Sweden
Leptosphaeria s. lat. (Keissleriella, Paraphaeosphaeria, Phaeosphaeria) on Gramineae in Finland
The presence and persistence of birch and grass pollen antigenic activity in settled dust
Catalogue of New World grasses (Poaceae). 1, Subfamilies Anomochlooideae, Bambusoideae, Ehrhartoideae, and Pharoideae
The rust fungi of cereals, grasses and bamboos
Preference of cereal aphids for various cereal varieties and species of graminea, juncaceae, and cyperaceae
Growth responses of zoysiagrass influenced by different rates of a growth stimulant (Soil Solution One)
Phylogenetic relationships among Roegneria amurensis, R. ciliaris and R. japonensis (Poaceae: Triticeae)
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2006-2013 = Results of official variety trials 2006-2013
Flora of the U.S.S.R. = (Flora SSSR). Vol. 2
World bamboo resources : a thematic study prepared in the framework of the Global Forest Resouces Assessment 2005
Garden plants of Japan
An introduction to the grasses : (including bamboos and cereals)
Key to the native perennial grasses : Midwest region east of Great Plains
Grasses : a guide to their structure, identification, users, and distribution in the British Isles
Rhynchosporium species on Finnish grasses
Associative and endophytic nitrogen-fixing bacteria and cyanobacterial associations
In a Green Biorefinery processing green biomass one possible application for the press-cake fraction is as a feedstuff for ruminants. This study investigates the effects of ensiling and fractionation on the estimated nutritive value of three grassland species harvested at different stages of maturity. Perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L., var. Gandalf), cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L., var. Pizza) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L., var. Merviot) were grown in field plots and harvested and ensiled in laboratory silos. These silages were subsequently fractionated into press-cake and press-juice fractions. Loss of soluble, fermentable organic matter during ensiling increased the relative proportions of fibre and crude protein. Fractionation resulted in the substantial reduction of herbage soluble nutrient and mineral content, increasing the fibre content and reducing digestibility and crude protein. The low energy and protein content of the press-cake fraction, especially at later harvest dates, will limit its use in ruminant diets.
Variation of micromorphological characters of lemma and palea in the genus Bromus (Poaceae)
Grasses : a guide to their structure, identification, uses and distribution in th British Isles
Descriptors for pearl millet : Descripteurs du mil penicillaire
Increasing the selenium content of cereal and grass crops in Finland
The bamboos : papers presented at an international symposium organised by the Linnean Society of London, The Royal Botanic Gardens Kew and Wye College, University of London, held at the Linnean Society's Rooms, London, 25th to 29th March, 1996
Grass-endophyte coevolution and ploidy levels in fescues
The color encyclopedia of ornamental grasses : sedges, rushes, restios, cat-tails, and selected bamboos
Fodder crops and amenity grasses
The objective of the study was to find DNA markers associated with resistance to Typhula ishikariensis in timothy (Phleum pratense L.) using bulked-segregant analysis. A progeny of 161 F1 individuals was created by crossing the Finnish resistant cultivar Tammisto II with the Japanese susceptible cultivar Nosappu. Six to ten clones of each F1 individual were tested for resistance in the greenhouse, and a survival index, which was based both on survival and the ability of plants to recover, was calculated for each F1 to describe resistance. Resistant and susceptible bulks of eight individuals in each were screened with a total of 292 primer combinations. Six DNA markers were found to be associated with resistance, together explaining 15% of phenotypic variation in Typhula resistance. Four of the markers formed one linkage group, which contained a QTL explaining 7% of the variation in Typhula resistance.
Pocket guide to ornamental grasses
Epidermal features and spikelet micromorphology in Oryza and related genera (Poaceae: Oryzeae)
Soil nitrate N as influenced by annually undersown cover crops in spring cereals
Reproductive versatility in the grasses
Grass weeds. 2, Weeds of the subfamilies Chloridoideae, Pooideae, Oryzoideae : Ungräser der Unterfamilien Chloridoideae, Pooideae, Oryzoidea = Adventices de la sous-familles des Chloridoideae, Pooideae, Oryzoideae = Malezas de las subfamilias Chloridoideae, Pooideae, Oryzoideae
Environment and genetic background affecting endophyte-grass symbiosis
Contarinia kanervoi barnes (Dipt., Itonididae) bionomics, damage and control
Strontium content and strontium-calcium ratio in timothy (Phleum pratense L.) and soil in Finland
Collins guide to the grasses, sedges rushes and ferns of Britain and Northern Europe
The estimated nutritive value of three common grassland species at three primary growth harvest dates following ensiling and fractionation of press-cake
Internal C:N balance and biomass partitioning of Carex rostrata grown at three levels of nitrogen supply
Detection of genetic variation and Fusarium resistance in turfgrass genotypes using PCR-based markers (ISSR and SCAR)
Some graminicolous species of Helminthosporium in Finland
Transfer of flower induction stimuli to non-exposed tillers in a selection of temperate grasses
The encyclopedia of grasses for livable landscapes
Effect of different treatments on the seed bank of grazed and ungrazed Baltic seashore meadows
DNA markers for Typhula resistance in timothy (Phleum pratense L.)
Aster yellow-type virus infecting grasses in Finland
Site-specific grasses and herbs : seed production and use for restoration of mountain environments
Turfgrass management
Evaluation of green plants and by-products from the Mekong delta with emphasis on fibre utilisation by pigs
The color encyclopedia of ornamental grasses on CD-ROM : sedges, rushes, restios, cat-tails, and selected bamboos
Catalogue of New World grasses (Poaceae). 4, Subfamilies Pooideae
The Genus Mastigosporium Riess in Finland
Population biology of grasses
Flora of Ethiopia and Eritrea. 7, Poaceae (Graminae)
Forages. Vol. 1, An introduction to grassland agriculture
Catalogue of New World grasses (Poaceae). 2, Subfamily Chloridoideae
The silica bodies of tropical American grasses : morphology, taxonomy, and implications for grass systematics and fossil phytolith indentification
Growth responses of bermudagrass and seashore paspalum to different levels of FerroGrow multi-nutrient fertilizer
The quality of grass samples used for animal feed by combining mycotoxin measures and mycological determination of mycobiota were explored. The samples of the plant material were collected in 2014 in two stages: before the first mowing (May-June) and before the second one (July-August) from the fields of stock-farms located in northwestern part of the Russia. All samples were divided into three types: grasses, mixture of different grasses and clover, alfalfa mixed with timothy. The occurrence of aflatoxin B1, alternariol, citrinin, cyclopiazonic acid, deoxynivalenol, diacetoxyscirpenol, emodin, ergot alkaloids, fumonisins, mycophenolic acid, ochratoxin A, PR-toxin, roridin A, sterigmatocystin, T-2 toxin, and zearalenone were determined using ELISA. The multiple fungal and mycotoxin contaminations are already formed in plant tissues by the moment of first mowing. The complexes of mycotoxins including up to 14-16 components and the combined character of plant contamination quite correspond to the taxonomic variety of mycobiota.
Strontium content and strontium-calcium ratio in timothy (Phleum pratense L.] and soil in Finland
Flower arranging : a complete guide to creative floral arrangements
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Horticultural Plants in Urban and Peri-Urban Life : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
A study of factors affecting germination, establishment, and competition of the turfgrass species red fescue (Festuca rubra L. spp. litoralis Vasey), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), and Kentucky bluegrass (Poa pratensis L.)
Colour identification guide to the grasses, sedges, rushes and ferns of the British Isles and North-Western Europe
Selenium content of soils and timothy (Phleum pratense L.) in Finland
Phyllachora graminis, P. silvatica, Epichloe typhina and Acrospermum graminum on grasses in Finland
Transfer of florigenic stimuli between tillers in photoperiodically split plants of Dactylis glomerata and Bromus inermis
Turfgrass diseases and associated disorders
The grasses of Bahia
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1988-1995 = Results of official variety trials 1988-1995
Prairie grasses identified and described by vegetative characters
Winter damage and low-temperature fungi on leys in North Finland in 1976-1979
ESTABLISHMENT OF SHORT ROTATION WOODY CROP TRIALS IN ATLANTIC CANADA
Ornamental grasses and grasslike plants
How grasses grow
Development of yield and nutritive value of timothy in primary growth and regrowth in northern growing conditions
Fungal species and multiple mycotoxin contamination of cultivated forage crops
Methods of productivity studies in root systems and rhizosphere organisms : International Symposium USSR August 28 - September 12 1968.
Two new combinations in Cephalostachyum (Poaceae: Bambusoideae)
Mechanical properties of bamboo
New species of Hierochloë, Calamagrostis, and Braya
A book of reed : (Phragmites australis (Cav.) Trin. ex Steudel, Phragmites communis Trin.)
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Genetic Resources of Bamboos and Palms and 3rd International Sympos[i]um on Ornamental Palms : Campinas, Brazil, November 21-25, 2010
The biology and utilization of grasses
American bamboos
The development of the yield and nutritive value of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) both in the primary growth and in the regrowth were studied at MTT Plant Production Research, a unit of MTT Agrifood Research Finland, in Rovaniemi (66°35'N) in 1999-2001. The dry matter yield and leaf:stem ratio were measured from the crop samples, and the contents of crude protein and organic matter digestibility of both whole plant samples and leaf and stem fractions were analysed. In primary growth, the most rapid increase of dry matter, 220-240 kg/ha per day, was measured around the beginning of the heading stage. There was a very strong positive correlation between the proportion of stems and the amount of dry matter in the primary yield. The daily growth rate of the regrowth was less than half of that of the primary growth. The fastest decrease, 1 percentage unit per day, in crude protein content was measured at the pasture stage (4-5 -leaf stage). During the entire sampling period, the average daily decline in crude protein content in the primary growth of timothy was 0.65 percentage units. The main cause for the rapid decline in crude protein content was the high proportion of stem matter and its low protein content. In the regrowth, during the last four weeks before the harvest, the average daily decline in crude protein content was 0.28 percentage units.The average decline in organic matter digestibility from early pasture stage to late silage stage was 0.9 percentage units per day. The most remarkable change was noticed at the growth stage of timothy when about the half of stems were heading and it was then that the digestibility decreased by more than one percentage unit per day. The rapid decline in organic matter digestibility was due to the low digestibility of stem matter. The daily change in forage digestibility in the regrowth was very small, on average 0.11%.
Japanese Elachista mining on the leaf of woody Poaceae (Lepidoptera: Elachistidae s. str.)
The plantfinder's guide to ornamental grasses
Rhodes grass (Chloris gayana Kunth) : effects of age and season on growth, chemical composition and digestibility, and on selective intake by dairy cows
the Grasses : earth`s green wealth
The effect of frequency and height of cutting on cocksfoot swards
Taxonomy, karyology and distribution of grasses in Poland : proceedings of the 3rd All-Polish Scientific Meeting Poland, Kraków, 17-18 November 1998
Multilingual glossary of common plant-names, 1, Field crops, grasses and vegetables
Australian grasses
Harvesting strategy and N fertilization influence 134Cs uptake by forage plants
Molecular and phenotypic characterisation of Nordic meadow fescue (Festuca pratensis Huds.) with a view on phylogeographic history
Some aqatic Hyphomycetes on grasses in Finland
Disease damage to the foliage of cultivated grasses in Finland
Studies on wheat straw pulp fractionation : fractionation tendency of cells in pressure screening, hydrocyclone fractionation and flotation
Seed dormancy in grasses
Color atlas of turfgrass weeds
Controlling turfgrass pests
Red clover grown in a mixture with grasses : yield, persistence and dynamics of quality characteristics
New taxa in Indonesian bamboos
An illustrated guide to the grasses of Ethiopia
Environment and resources of tropical and temperate forests of India
Spermospora ciliata (Spraque) Deighton and Scolecotrichum graminis Fuckel on Finnish grasses
Catalogue of New World grasses (Poaceae). 3, Subfamilies Panicoideae, Aristidoideae, Arundinoidaeae, and Danthonioideae
Endosphere microbial community assemblage of an inland sand dune colonizing plant
