http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25781 training objectives
training objectives
The rise of writing : redefining mass literacy
Assessing student learning and development : a guide to the principles, goals, and methods of determining college outcomes
Radical agendas? : the politics of adult education
Using assessment to improve the quality of education
Growing-up modern : the Western state builds Third-World schools
Key competencies : a developing concept in general compulsory education
Learning outcomes : common framework - different approaches to evaluating learning outcomes in the Nordic Countries
Educating for the knowledge economy? : critical perspectives
Changing aims and values of outdoor-oriented education : ideals for teachers' work from the American and Indian experience
Staff development for school improvement : a focus on the teacher
Democracy and education
An intelligent person's guide to education
Being a university
Schooling
Cedefop's medium-term priorities 2009-11 : enhancing European cooperation in vocational education through evidence and expertise: continuity, focus and flexibility
Education in modern society
Rethinking secondary education : a human-centred approach
Conpetency Based Education and Training
The idea of higher education
Education for all : a landmark in pluralism
Programme for employment in Finland 1996-1999 : halving unemployment
Between Holistic Education and Teacher Training : the Third International Journal of Teacher Education and Training Conference : Post-Conference-Book
Change wars
Lifelong learning in an information society : report of the Advisory Committee on Educational Planning. 2 partial report, Strategic choices : including chapters 1 and 5.
Developing technology education : in search of curriculum elements for Finnish general education schools
Education is for everyone
"Educating for the Knowledge Economy The promise, embraced by governments around the world, is that the knowledge economy will provide knowledge workers with a degree of autonomy and permission to think which enables them to be creative and to attract high incomes. What credence should we give to this promise? The current economic crisis is provoking a reappraisal of both economic and educational policy. Policy makers and educationists across the world see education as central to economic competitiveness. However, this book asks fundamental questions about the relationship between the economy and education since, in contrast to policy makers' rhetoric, the relationship between the two sectors is not straightforward. An unorthodox account of the knowledge economy and economic globalisation suggests that autonomy in the workplace and permission to think will be only given to the elite. In this view many aspirant well-educated middle-class young workers are doomed to disappointment. In this book, leading scholars from the US, the UK, Australia and New Zealand discuss these issues and interrogate the assumptions and links between the different elements of education and how they might relate to the economy. Even if we assume that the official view of the knowledge economy is correct are we educating young people to be autonomous, creative thinkers? Are current policies relating to knowledge, learning and assessment consistent with the kinds of workers and skills required for the knowledge economy? This book will appeal to academics, policy makers, teachers and students interested in the central role of education in the knowledge economy"--
Educational structures
Our underachieving colleges : a candid look at how much students learn and why they should be learning more
Everywhere all the time : a new deschooling reader
Equalities and inequalities in education : proceedings of the 11th annual symposium of the Eugenics society, London 1974
Learning tomorrows : commentaries on the future of education
Education today
Summary: Philosophies of education.
Learner-centred education in international perspective : whose pedagogy for whose development?
Reclaiming the game : college sports and educational values
The theory & practice of training
Expertise and the primary school teacher
Democracy and education : an introduction to the philosophy of education
Searching for the meaning of education
Education still under siege
Education, training and employment : towards a new vocationalism?
Navigating through the storm : reinventing education for postmodern democracies
Educating the worker-citizen : the social, economic and political foundations of education
Assuring the quality of VET systems by defining expected outcomes : a cross-country analysis in seven Member States
Conference on future structures of post-secondary education : Paris 26th-29th June 1973. Structure of studies and place of research in mass higher education
World declaration on education for all and Framework for action to meet basic learning needs
Education for all : an expanded vision
A pedagogy for liberation : dialogues on transforming education
The author sets forth what is known about how much students learn in college, gives recommendations for how to improve undergraduate education, and describes how universities can develop a continuing process of enlightened trial and error that will enable them to improve their performance in the future.
Why go to school?
Habits of mind : an introduction to the philosophy of education
Schooling in the workplace : how six of the world's best vocational education systems prepare young people for jobs and life
21st century skills : learning for life in our times
The joy of learning : a national strategy for lifelong learning
Appraisals of education-related goals during educational transitions in late adolescence : consequences for academic well-being and goal attainment
Curriculum development in the postmodern era
Vocational education and training : key to a better future : Cedefop's medium-term priorities for 2006-08
Childhood learning and adult life : the functions of indigenous, Islamic and Western education in an African context
The graduate school mess : what caused it and how we can fix it
Education and work for the year 2000 : choices we face
Understanding educational aims
Adolescents ́ career goals in social context
Enchancing coaches' professional development through a goal setting program : an action research cross-case study
Research project on educational aims
The politics of structural education reform
Successful schools in Tanzania : a case study of academic and production programs in primary and secondary schools
Aims of education and curriculum planning in special education units and schools in Lusaka, Zambia : a qualitative study of special education teachers' views and classroom practice
The unfinished revolution : learning, human behavior, community, and political paradox
The pursuit of excellence through education
Crisis in teaching : perspectives on current reforms
Education for all : purpose and context
Adult education evaluation strategy
Mapping media education policies in the world : visions, programmes and challenges
Innovations in science and technology education. Vol. 2
Successful secondary schools : visions of excellence in American public education
Ethics education in nursing in  Finland
Summary.
International perspectives on the goals of universal basic and secondary education
"It is no secret that American graduate education is in disarray. Graduate students take too long to complete their studies and face a dismal academic job market if they succeed. The Graduate School Mess gets to the root of these problems and offers concrete solutions for revitalizing graduate education in the humanities. Leonard Cassuto, professor and graduate education columnist for The Chronicle of Higher Education, argues that universities' heavy emphasis on research comes at the expense of teaching. But teaching is where reforming graduate school must begin. Cassuto says that graduate education must recover its mission of public service. Professors should revamp the graduate curriculum and broaden its narrow definition of success to allow students to create more fulfilling lives for themselves both inside and outside the academy. Cassuto frames the current situation foremost as a teaching problem: professors rarely prepare graduate students for the demands of the working worlds they actually join. He gives practical advice about how faculty can teach and advise graduate students by committing to a student-centered approach. In chapters that follow the career of the graduate student from admissions to the dissertation and placement, Cassuto considers how each stage of graduate education is shaped by unexamined assumptions and ancient prejudices that need to be critically confronted. Written with verve and infused with history. The Graduate School Mess returns our national conversation about graduate study in the humanities to first principles."--Rabat de la Jaquette.
Teaching for understanding : challenges for policy and practice
Learning for tomorrow : the role of the future in education
Thirteen questions : reframing education's conversation
Learning: the treasure within : report to UNESCO of the International Commission on Education for the Twenty-first Century
Teaching the global dimension : key principles and effective practice
Student motivation in and out of the school context : the relationship between achievement goal orientation profiles and personal goals
Education for all : The Dakar framework for action : meeting our collective commitments
Education, state and citizenship
Better schools: a values perspective
Education and the economy in a changing society
Between capitalism and democracy : educational policy and the crisis of the welfare state
Education for life and work : developing transferable knowledge and skills in the 21st century
Education for everyone : agenda for education in a democracy
Administrative reform and capacity building : the case of primary education in Bangladesh
This book aims to systematically tackle the most severe crisis to ever beset Western education systems, which stems from the growing clash between the Platonic-modern civilization - still very much at the core of prevailing education systems - and the postmodern civilization which has become dominant in Western societies in the last generations. The book counters this crisis by radically and systematically rethinking education for postmodern democracies, beginning by comprehensively analyzing the main features of current postmodern "storms" along with their engulfing socio-cultural and educational implications, and proceeding to offer a theoretical and practical blueprint designed to harness these storms for optimally realizing the basic Humanistic values that should guide education in liberal democracies: personal autonomy, morality and dialogical belonging. A terrific book. Aharon Aviram's trenchant critique of massive educational failure in postmodern democracies is combined with a hopeful agenda for radical educational change. Educational practices no longer prepare individuals to become effective co-creators of their own futures, and educational establishments are undergoing irrelevant reforms. Aharon Aviram analyzes this state of affairs and presents a set of thought-provoking and fresh proposals for an alternative that deserve the serious consideration of all who truly wish to re-envision learning and education for the 21st Century.
There is no single idea of the university. Ever since its medieval origin, the concept of the university has continued to change. The metaphysical university gave way successively to the scientific university, and then to the corporate and the entrepreneurial university. But what might lie ahead? Being a University charts and critiques this conceptual development and examines the future possibilities for the idea of the university. Ronald Barnett pursues this quest through an exploration of pairs of contending concepts that speak to the idea of the university - such as space and time; being and becoming; and culture and anarchy. On this foundation is developed an imaginative exposition of possible ideas of the university, including the liquid university and the authentic university.
Summary (s. 9-10).
Democracy and education : the critical citizen as an educational aim
Wasted : why education isn't educating
Educational thought and ideology in modern Japan : state authority and intellectual freedom
The future of formal education : the role of institutional schooling in industrial society : international symposium at the Royal Academy of Sciences, Stockholm, September 11 and 12, 1978..
Education for all : the requirements
