http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2571 holidays (celebrations)
holidays (celebrations)
The book of festivals
A season to remember
Sacred festivals
Hershel and the Hanukkah goblins
Street art of the revolution : festivals and celebrations in Russia 1918-33
Koleda na Marek i Alis = Marek and Alice's Christmas
A calendar of festivals
The folklore of world holidays
A gift for you
A birthday for Frances
The centenary of May Day : portrait of the European Trade Union Confederation (ETUC)
Princess in pink
The Estonian-Finnish text of the calendar of anniversaries
Religions of the world : the illustrated guide to origins, beliefs, traditions & festivals
A mahzor from Worms : art and religion in a medieval Jewish community
Holidays, festivals, and celebrations of the world dictionary
Boo and Baa in a party mood
Passover and Easter : origin and history to modern times
How to spell Chanukah ... and other holiday dilemmas : 18 writers celebrate 8 nights of lights
Revelry, Rivalry, and Longing for the Goddesses of Bengal : the fortunes of Hindu festivals
Year of festivals : how to have the time of your life
Arthur's birthday
Commemorating Ireland : history, politics, culture
The politics of national celebrations in the Arab Middle East
Contested traditions? : the use of three national holidays in contemporary Hungary
Festival of Finland
Little man of Disneyland
Symbols of Catholicism
Juhlat : good times for Finns
Festivals and special days in Britain
A few words about us, Estonians : the Estonian Open Air Museum
Christmas! : traditions,celebrations and food across Europe
The great Easter egg hunt
The Little book of Jewish celebrations
In the Leipzig Mahzor, one of the most lavish Hebrew illuminated manuscripts of all time, Kogman-Appel has discovered a fascinating portal into the life of the fourteenth century Jewish community in Worms. A prayer book used only during holidays, it brings to life the religious culture and customs of medieval Ashkenazi Jews.
Jewish holiday songs for children : with dances and games for all seasons
Celebration!
University jubilees : a new research area in the history of universities
Given and news : media discourse and the construction of community on national days
How to stuff up Christmas
National days : constructing and mobilising national identity
Annually during the months of autumn, Bengal hosts three interlinked festivals to honour its most important goddesses: Durgā, Kālī, and Jagaddhātrī. This book recounts the history of these festivals and their revelry, rivalry, and nostalgic power.
Christmas in Germany : a cultural history
Christmas! : traditions, celebrations and food across Europe
Rites of place : public commemoration in Russia and Eastern Europe
Angry Birds seasons : a festive flight into the world's happiest holidays and celebrations
Polish customs, traditions and folklore
Icy pleasures : Minnesota celebrates winter
The world of Jewish entertaining : menus and recipes for the sabbath, holidays, and other family celebrations
We are what we celebrate : understanding holidays and rituals
Forever princess
Pete the cat saves Christmas
Toasts and short speeches : the things that really matter about
"Improvement day" January 27, 1957 : St. Paul's Lutheran Church Rockport, Massachusetts
Proceedings of the symposium "Building the future together" organized by the European Commission to mark the 40th anniversary of the Declaration of 9 May 1950 : Brussels, 8 May 1990
Vánoce Marka a Alice = Marek and Alice's Christmas
The Christmas surprise
The treasury of judaism : a new collection and translation of essential texts. Vol. 1, The Calendar
New York in four seasons
The birthday party
International holidays : 204 countries from 1994 through 2015 : with tabular appendices of religious holidays, 1900-2100
The Saint-Napoleon : celebrations of sovereignty in nineteenth-century France
Festival menus round the world
Christmas around the world
Newnes dictionary of dates
A musical book of days
The complete book of the seasons
I heart Christmas
Existence of the pre-holiday effect : evidence from the Helsinki stock exchange
The jubilee challenge : utopia or possibility : Jewish and Christian insights
The Newt in the suit
Icelandic feasts and holidays
Halloween in America : a collector's guide with prices
A commentary concerning the legend of St. Urho in Minnesota
Joys and rites : customs of traditional Chinese festivals
Christmas at Rosie Hopkins' sweetshop
Holidays, festivals, and celebrations of the world dictionary : detailing more than 2,000 observances from all 50 states and more than 100 nations
The wearing of the green : a history of St. Patrick's Day
Sweet sixteen princess : a princess diaries book
Music at the United Nations : United Nations Day concerts & Human Rights Day concerts 1949-1995
French language, life & culture
The Oxford dictionary of saints
Halloween circus
Groundhog day
Traditions of the rabbis from the era of the New Testament. Vol. 2A, Feasts and Sabbaths : Passover and atonement
High days and holidays in Iceland
Immigrant to ethnic : symbols of identity among Finnish-Americans
Holidays of the Bulgarians in myths and legends
Doris's brilliant birthday
Transforming national holidays : identity discourse in the west and south Slavic countries, 1985-2010
Easter
"Like national identity, national days involve a process of 'othering', saying who you are, as much as who you are not. If some countries (such as Scotland and Ireland) celebrate them far more strongly than their neighbour, England, why is that? Why is there no British day? Why should near-neighbours, Sweden, Norway and Finland, have such different traditions of national remembering? What if a national day and its associations are so tied into a previous political regime that they have become an embarrassment? Germany, Italy and South Africa have undergone radical political changes in the last 60 years, and with these, complex processes of forgetting and remembering. If national days have considerable political significance, whether positive or negative, they are also of major economic worth. Just as 'heritage' is not simply a matter of history, but of markets, so 'national days' have the potential to be major icons of national tourism. "--Book cover.
The Christmas book : a treasury of festive facts
Commemorating two political anniversaries in Cold War Finland: independence and the beginning of the Winter War
Christmas
Happy Nowruz : cooking with children to celebrate the Persian New Year
Festivals of the world : the illustrated guide to celebrations, customs, events, and holidays
The great British Christmas
Celebrating ethnicity and nation : American festive culture from the revolution to the early twentieth century
Jack's little party
A dictionary of days
The 12 days of Christmas in New York
Feasts and festivals
Essays on Thailand
A sparklingly festive and romantic story set in New York at Christmastime, Mistletoe on 34th Street is readers' favourite Lisa Dickenson at her side-splitting, funniest best! Olivia has never experienced a snow-covered, 'traditional' Christmas before. Having grown up in a family that chose winter sun over decking the halls, she's not sure what all the fuss is about. So when she and her colleagues are stranded in New York after a work trip, Olivia is perfectly happy spending the holiday season in the Big Apple. Jon, Olivia's friend, on the other hand is desperate to get home in time for his big family get-together. Nevertheless, determined to make the best out of the situation, he sets out to show Olivia how enchanting Christmas in New York can be. And when handsome New Yorker Elijah is added to the mix, could the magic of the season finally be working its charm on Olivia? As 25 December draws closer, Olivia suddenly finds herself with a decision to make: who does she really want to kiss under the mistletoe this Christmas? Full of romance and festive magic, Mistletoe on 34th Street is the funniest and most charming love story you will read this Christmas!
Silk florals for the holidays
Drinks and drinking on a Finnish May Day
Speech at the rally in celebration of the 80th anniversary of the founding of the communist party of China : (July 1, 2001)
The Islamic and Christian calendars AD 622-2222 (AH 1-1650) : a complete guide for converting Christian and Islamic dates and dates of festivals
A bilingual handbook on Japanese culture
Zhongguo shi ge jiemu chuanshuo = Legends of ten Chinese traditional festivals
Firecrackers : the art & history
The News magazine : special issue : let's celebrate
American customs and traditions
Calendars of the world : a look at calendars & the ways we celebrate
Mistletoe on 34th Street
The year of the goddess : a perpetual calender of festivals
All about Japan : stories, songs, crafts and more
Matsuri : world of Japanese festivals
Pete the Cat saves Christmas
