http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25776 classical studies
classical studies
Winckelmann and the invention of antiquity : history and aesthetics in the age of Altertumswissenschaft
The classical heritage and its beneficiaries
Production and trade of Etrurian terra sigillata pottery in Roman Etruria and beyond between c. 50 BCE and c. 150 CE
The civilizing power : a study of the Panathenaic discourse of Aelius Aristides against the background of literature and cultural conflict, with text, translation, and commentary
The comedian as critic : Greek old comedy and poetics
Archives and archival documents in ancient societies : Trieste 30 September - 1 October 2011
Istae contra omnium religiones : characterizing northern barbarian religiosity in the Graeco-Roman literary tradition from hellenism to the later empire
Monographs of the Danish Institute at Athens
The sacred officials of the Eleusinian Mysteries
From abortion to pederasty : addressing difficult topics in the classics classroom
Writing ancient history : an introduction to classical historiography
One of the glories of the Greco-Roman classics is the opportunity that they give us to consider a great culture in its entirety; but our ability to do that depends on our ability to work comfortably with very varied fields of scholarship. The Handbook for Classical Research offers guidance to students needing to learn more about the different fields and subfields of classical research, and its methods and resources. The book is divided into 7 parts: The Basics, Language, The Traditional Fields, The Physical Remains, The Written Word, The Classics and Related Disciplines, The Classics since Antiquity. Topics covered range from history and literature, lexicography and linguistics, epigraphy and palaeography, to archaeology and numismatics, and the study and reception of the classics. Guidance is given not only to read, for example, an archaeological or papyrological report, but also on how to find such sources when they are relevant to research. Concentrating on "how-to" topics, the Handbook for Classical Research is a much needed resource for both teachers and students.
Intercultural contacts in the ancient Mediterranean : proceedings of the International conference at the Netherlands-Flemish Institute in Cairo, 25th to 29th October 2008
Kos between Hellenism and Rome : studies on the political, institutional, and social history of Kos from ca. the middle second century B.C. until late antiquity
Mappae clavicula; a little key to the world of medieval techniques
The glory that was Greece
Studies in the Byzantine monetary economy c. 300-1450
The Oxford classical dictionary
The ancient Near East, a life! : Festschrift Karel Van Lerberghe
Pathways to civilization and cultural detours
The first comprehensive study of the relationship between Greek comedy and ancient literary criticism, offering an original and sophisticated reading of the works of Old Comedy.
The rise and fall of classical Greece
Ad perpetuam memoriam Michaelis D. Petruševski : proceedings of the international conference ; 100th anniversary of the birth of professor Mihail D. Petruševski (1911-1990)
The conference Intercultural Contacts in the Ancient Mediterranean (ICAM) was organised in 2008 by the Netherlands-Flemish Institute in Cairo. While Mediterranean contacts in archaeology are a popular topic in Europe, it was the first time this theme was addressed in Egypt. The conference aimed to discuss theoretical and methodological issues related to the study of intercultural contacts in archaeology on the one hand, and to present actual case-studies of such contacts on the other. In the present volume, thirty-five contributions deal with intercultural contacts all over the Mediterranean from the Levant to Spain and from Egypt to Greece, from prehistory up to the Hellenistic period. They are presented in six sections: Theory and methodology, Identifying foreigners and immigrants, Material evidence for contact, Maritime trade and sea ports, Influences in iconography, ideology and religion, and Administration and economy.
History of philosophy in reverse : reading Aristotle through the lenses of scholars from the twelfth to the sixteenth centuries
Ptolemy's first commentator
The later Roman Colonate and freedom
Vessels and variety : new aspects of ancient pottery
The Oxford Handbook of Roman Studies is an indispensable guide to the latest scholarship in this area. Over fifty distinguished scholars elucidate the contribution of material as well as literary culture to our understanding of the Roman world. The emphasis is particularly upon the new and exciting links between the various sub-disciplines that make up Roman Studies - for example, between literature and epigraphy, art and philosophy, papyrology and economic history. The Handbook, in fact, aims to establish a field and scholarly practice as much as to describe the current state of play. Connections with disciplines outside classics are also explored, including anthropology, psychoanalysis, gender and reception studies, and the use of new media.
A day in old Rome : a picture of Roman life
Candidates defeated in Roman elections : some ancient Roman "also-rans"
Reading greek art : essays by Nikolaus Himmelmann
Supplying Rome and the empire : the proceedings of an international seminar held at Siena-Certosa di Pontignano on May 2-4, 2004, on Rome, the provinces, production and distribution
Pilgrims and pilgrimage in ancient Greece
Release your inner Roman
Looks at the classical historians with an eye to what data they can provide about the ancient world. This book examines the ancient writers as literary texts in their own right, employing the tools of literary criticism and engaging with such matters as narrative artistry.
This book, part of a series aiming to investigate the legal systems of ancient societies through a document-based, comparative approach, focuses on the study of archives and archival records and their interplay with the workings of administrative and political systems. The papers are arranged in four sections dealing with the Ancient Near East, Classical Greece, the Persian Tradition and the Hellenistic World, and the Roman Empire. The themes touched upon chronologically span from the early second millennium B.C. to the late Roman Empire and geographically range from Mesopotamia to the Western Mediterranean. The archives considered, public and private, are conspicuous for their variety and reflect diverse archival concepts and traditions but a number of common patterns also emerge in respect to their physical organization, to the classification of texts, the function of record-keeping and the role of seals. We are entitled to speak of a recurring "archival behaviour".
The symbolism of the biblical world : ancient Near Eastern iconography and the Book of Psalms
Starting with the first substantial body of primary sources, the epics of Homer and Hesiod in the 7th century, and ending with the fall of Egypt to the Romans in 30BC, this volume describes the development of mediation, arbitration and other ways of resolving disputes, other than litigation.
Signifying Roman in the east : identity and material culture in Roman archaeology
Orpheus philologus : Bachofen versus Mommsen on the study of antiquity
The Renaissance discovery of classical antiquity
Paradise restored : the mechanical arts from antiquity through the thirteenth century
"This volume had its origins in a very specific situation: the teaching of ancient texts dealing with rape. Ensuing discussions among a group of scholars expanded outwards from this to other sensitive areas. Ancient sources raise a variety of issues-slavery, infanticide, abortion, rape, pederasty, domestic violence, death, sexuality-that may be difficult to discuss in a classroom where some students will have had experiences similar to those described in classical texts. They may therefore be reluctant to speak in class, and even the reading themselves may be painful. From Abortion to Pederasty: Addressing Difficult Topics in the Classics Classroom, edited by Nancy Sorkin Rabinowitz and Fiona McHardy, is committed to the proposition that it is important to continue to teach texts that raise these issues, not to avoid them. In this volume, classicists and ancient historians from around the world address how to teach such topics as rape, pederasty, and slavery in the classics classroom. The contributors present the concrete ways in which they themselves have approached such issues in their course planning and in their responses to students' needs. A main objective of From Abortion to Pederasty is to combat arguments, from both the left and the right, that the classics are elitist and irrelevant. Indeed, they are so relevant, and so challenging, as to be painful at times. Another objective is to show how Greco-Roman culture and history can provide a way into a discussion that might have been difficult or even traumatic in other settings. Thus it will provide teaching tools for dealing with uncomfortable topics in the classroom, including homophobia and racism"--
Greeks and barbarians
Instructions for the netherworld : the Orphic gold tablets
Confronting the classics : traditions, adventures and innovations
Associations in the Greco-Roman world : a sourcebook
The Encyclopedia of Ancient Greek Language and Linguistics (EAGLL) is a unique work that brings together the latest research from across a range of disciplines which contribute to our knowledge of Ancient Greek. It is an indispensable research tool for scholars and students of Greek, of linguistics, and of other Indo-European languages, as well as of Biblical literature.
Mary Beard is one of the world's best-known classicists - a brilliant academic, with a rare gift for communicating with a wide audience both though her TV presenting and her books. In a series of sparkling essays, she explores our rich classical heritage - from Greek drama to Roman jokes, introducing some larger-than-life characters of classical history, such as Alexander the Great, Nero and Boudicca. She invites you into the places where Greeks and Romans lived and died, from the palace at Knossos to Cleopatra's Alexandria - and reveals the often hidden world of slaves. She takes a fresh look at both scholarly controversies and popular interpretations of the ancient world, from The Golden Bough to Asterix. The fruit of over thirty years in the world of classical scholarship, Confronting the Classics captures the world of antiquity and its modern significance with wit, verve and scholarly expertise.
On Roman religion : lived religion and the individual in ancient Rome
Art and experience in classical Greece
Terra, mare et homines. II, Studies in memory of Professor Tadeusz Łoposzko
The role of archaeology has expanded over the past 30 years, and research now frequently overlaps with the work of ancient historians and classicists. This book demonstrates how archaeological methods have been used to study the era of the Roman Republic, and the influences of non-Roman cultures on its formation. A collection of original essays by both emerging and established archaeologists with a wide range of nationalities and areas of interest, this book reveals how differing approaches and methodologies contribute to an understanding of the Republic across the Mediterranean basin. Of interest both to archaeologists themselves, and to students of ancient history, art history and classics, it offers a diverse approach to a fascinating field.
The Oxford handbook of Roman epigraphy
Early psychological thought : ancient accounts of mind and soul
Classical scholarship : a biographical encyclopedia
Moses Finley and politics
The olive oil tablets of Pylos : texts of inscription found, 1955
Journeys in rough Cilicia 1964-1968
Henricus Glareanus's (1488-1563) Chronologia of the ancient world : a facsimile edition of a heavily annotated copy held in Princeton University Library
Associations in the Greco-Roman World provides students and scholars with a clear and readable resource for greater understanding of the social, cultural, and religious life across the ancient Mediterranean. The authors provide new translations of inscriptions and papyri from hundreds of associations, alongside descriptions of more than two dozen archaeological remains of building sites. Complemented by a substantial annotated bibliography and accompanying images, this sourcebook fills many gaps and allows for future exploration in studies of the Greco-Roman religious world, particularly the nature of Judean and Christian groups at that time.
The British School at Athens : the first hundred years
The ancient Near East in pictures, relating to the Old Testament
Youth in the Roman Empire : the young and the restless years?
Oxford classics : teaching and learning, 1800-2000
Handbook for classical research
Andreas Alföldi in the twenty-first century
"This volume provides a new perspective on the emergence of the modern study of antiquity, Altertumswissenschaft, in eighteenth-century Germany through an exploration of debates that arose over the work of the art historian Johann Joachim Winckelmann between his death in 1768 and the end of the century. Winckelmann's eloquent articulation of the cultural and aesthetic value of studying the ancient Greeks, his adumbration of a new method for studying ancient artworks, and his provision of a model of cultural-historical development in terms of a succession of period styles, influenced both the public and intra-disciplinary self-image of classics long into the twentieth century. Yet this area of Winckelmann's Nachleben has received relatively little attention compared with the proliferation of studies concerning his importance for late eighteenth-century German art and literature, for historians of sexuality, and his traditional status as a 'founder figure' within the academic disciplines of classical archaeology and the history of art."--Provided by publisher.
Changing times, continuing traditions : the transfer of religious traditions at Jabal Harun
A new fragment of Xenocrates and its implications
Aspects of ancient creek cult : content, ritual and iconography
The Wilamowitz in me : 100 letters between Ulrich von Wilamowitz-Moellendorff and Paul Friedländer (1904-1931)
Studies of the northern Campus Martius in ancient Rome
Journeys in rough Cilicia in 1962 and 1963
A companion to the archaeology of the Roman Republic
The ruling power : a study of the Roman Empire in the second century after Christ through the Roman oration of Aelius Aristides
Studies on the Neoplatonist Hierocles
Ancient Greek arbitration
Encyclopedia of ancient Greek language and linguistics Online
The Oxford handbook of Roman studies
Private associations and the public sphere : proceedings of a symposium held at the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters, 9-11 September 2010
Epigraphy, or the study of inscriptions, is critical for anyone seeking to understand the Roman world, whether they regard themselves as literary scholars, historians, archaeologists, anthropologists, religious scholars or work in a field that touches on the Roman world from c. 500 BCE to 500 CE and beyond. The Oxford Handbook of Roman Epigraphy is the fullest collection of scholarship on the study and history of Latin epigraphy produced to date. Rather that just a collection of inscriptions, however, this volume seeks to show why inscriptions matter and demonstrate to classicists and ancient historians how to work with the sources. To that end, the 35 chapters, written by senior and rising scholars in Roman history, classics, and epigraphy, cover everything from typograph to the importance of inscriptions for understanding many aspects of Roman culture, from Roman public life, to slavery, to the roles and lives of women, to the military, and to life in the provinces. Students and scholars alike will find the Handbook a crritical tool for expanding their knowledge of the Roman world.
Divine vintage : following the wine trail from Genesis to the modern age
At last, the Roman self-help book the world has been waiting for. Marcus Sidonius Falx sets out the characteristics that have made the Romans the most successful people in history and shows how following their example will do the same for you.
On research methodology in ancient and Byzantine history
Isidore of Seville on the pagan gods (Origines VIII.11)
The Dal Pozzo-Albani drawings of classical antiquities in the Royal Library at Windsor Castle
Leitourgia papyri : documents on compulsory public service in Egypt under Roman rule
The litigious Athenian
Octavian's campsite memorial for the Actian War
The classical world
Creating a hellenistic world
Michel Ivanovitch Rostovtzeff
Land of dreams : Greek and Latin studies in honour of A.H.M. Kessels
British School at Athens studies
Maistre Nicole Oresme : le Livre de yconomique d'Aristote : critical edition of the French text from the Avranches manuscript with the original Latin version, introduction and English translation
A companion to the archaeology of religion in the ancient world
The jews in North Africa. Five notes
The archaeological imagination
An encyclopedia of the history of classical archaeology
Tradition : transmission of culture in the ancient world
