http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2572 Middle English language
Middle English language
The book of vices and virtues : a fourteenth century English translation of the Somme le Roi of Lorens d'Orleans
Generydes, a romance in seven-line stanzas
Probable Truth : Editing Medieval Texts from Britain in the Twenty-first Century
The English of Chaucer and his contemporaries : essays
The later versions of Sir Degarre : a study in textual degeneration
Medieval balladry and the courtly tradition : literature of revolt and assimulation
John Scattergood's 'John Skelton: The Complete English Poems', originally published in 1983, established itself as the leading academic edition with comprehensive notes. But it has long been out of print. In this revised edition the text is little altered, but the Introduction has been extensively updated to take account of recent Skelton scholarship and the section on Further Reading has been expanded to include the more important recent essays and books on the poet. The Notes have been thoroughly revised to bring them up to date and the Glossary has been expanded somewhat. A feature of this revised edition is that a more comprehensive account has been given of the Latin paratexts of some of the poems, which have assumed an increased importance in some recent Skelton scholarship. John Burrow, reviewing the original edition, wrote that it 'deserves to be accepted as the standard late-twentieth-century Skelton' (Times Literary Supplement, 1983). This revised and updated edition intends to make the book useful and authoritive for twenty-first century readers also. -- Publisher's description.
A fourteenth century English biblical version consisting of a prologue and parts of the New Testament edited from the manuscripts : together with some introductory chapters on middle English biblical versions (prose-translations)
So meny people longages and tonges : philosophical essays in Scots and mediaeval English presented to Angus McIntosh
Medieval English lyrics
The Psalter or Psalms of David and certain canticles
The tretyse of Loue
Dan Michel's Ayenbite of Inwyt. Vol. 2, Introduction, notes and glossary
Susannah : an alliterative poem of the 14th century
First Middle English primer : extracts from the Ancren Riwle and Ormulum : with grammar, notes and glossary
Grammatical gender in anaphoric references in early Middle English
John Page's The Siege of Rouen : edited from London, British Library MS Egerton 1995
Englische Sprachwissenschaft und Mediävistik : Standpunkte - Perspektiven - neue Wege ; proceedings of the conference in Bamberg, May 21 - 22, 2004 = English linguistics and medieval studies : positions - perspectives - new approaches
Paris and Vienne : from French and printed by William Caxton
The English conquest of Ireland A.D. 1166-1185 : mainly from the "Expugnatio Hibernica" of Giraldus Cambrensis : a parallel text from 1. Ms. Trinity College, Dublin, E. 2. 31, about 1425 A.D. ; 2. Ms. Rawloinson, B. 490, Bodleian Library, about 1440 A.D.. Pt. 1, The text
Piers Plowman. The A version : Will's visions of Piers Plowman and do-well : an edition in the form of Trinity College, Cambridge Ms.R.3.14 corrected from other manuscripts, with variant readings
The sound-symbolic quality of word-initial gr-cluster in Middle English alliterative verse
History of the Holy Rood-tree : a twelfth century version of the Cross-legend : with on the orthography of the Ormulum and a Middle English Compassio Mariae
The Middle English Liber Aureus and Gospel of Nicodemus
The good wife taught her daughter ; The good wyfe wold a pylgremage ; The thewis of gud women
Þe instytucyonys and specyal dedys of relygyows carmelitys
The Middle English letter of Alexander to Aristotle
Queene Elizabethes Achademy, A Booke of Precedence, &c
Caxton's Book of curtesye
The decline of the prefixes and the beginnings of the English phrasal verb : the evidence from some Old and Early Middle English texts
The poetry of MS. Sloane 2593 : a critical edition
The Middle English Bible. Vol. 3, The book of judges
The earliest advocates of the English Bible : the texts of the medieval debate
Middle English dictionary. G-H
Middle English humorous tales in verse
The early English impersonal construction : an analysis of verbal and constructional meaning
Middle English deye in a fifteenth-century cookery book
The general prologue & The physician's tale : in Middle English & in modern verse translation
The fire of love and The mending of life or The rule of living : the first englisht in 1435 from the De incendio amoris, the second in 1434 from the Emendacione vitæ of Richard Rolle, hermit of Hampole
Lives of women saints of our countrie of England : also some other liues of holie women written by some of the auncient fathers (c. 1610-1615)
A Middle English statute-book. 1, Statuta Antiqua : edited from Oxford, Bodleian Library, Rawlinson MS B 520
The Middle English Bible : prefatory epistles of St. Jerome
The donet
Of Arthour and Merlin. Vol. 1, Text
On the development and grammaticalisation of borrowed conditional subordinators in Middle English
Scandinavian loan-words in Middle English. Part 1
Saint Michael the Archangel in medieval English legend
Second Middle English primer : extracts from Chaucer : with grammar and glossary
Language of immediacy and turn-taking in The owl and the nightingale: bo wel stille & lust nu to me!
Three Middle English sermons from the Worcester Chapter manuscript F. 10
The owl and the Nightingale
Julian of Norwich's Revelations of divine love : the shorter version ed. from B. L. Add. MS 37790
Fourteenth century verse & prose
Handbook of Middle English grammar: phonology
Corpus Christi plays at York : a context for religious drama
Interaction on the Page : Paratexts in two manuscripts of the Middle English Polychronicon
An introduction to Middle English
Finnish summary.
Chaucer's tale : 1386 and the road to Canterbury
The book of the knight of La Tour-Landry, compiled for the instruction of his daughters, translated from the original French into English in the reign of Henry VI, and edited for the first time from the unique manuscript in the British Museum, Harl. 1764, and Caxton's print, A.D. 1484, with an introduction and notes by Thomas Wright
The Book of tribulation
An elementary Middle English grammar
Medieval English literature
The borrowing of Scandinavian same into English
Syre Gawne and the Carle of Carelyele
The Middle English Bible : the Book of Baruch
Diffusion and change in early middle English : methodological and theoretical implications from the LAEME corpus of tagged texts
From OV to VO in early middle English
The Kingis quair
The owl and the nightingale
The Trojan mirror : Middle English narratives of Troy as books of princely advice
One hundred Middle English lyrics
Of shrifte and penance : the ME prose translation of Le manuel des péchés
The Northern homily cycle : the expanded version in MSS Harley 4196 and Cotton Tiberius E VII. 1, From Advent to Septuagesima
A fourteenth century English biblical version consisting of a prologue and parts of the New Testament edited from the manuscripts together with some introductory chapters on middle English biblical versions (prose-translations)
From lawmen to plowmen : Anglo-Saxon legal tradition and the School of Langland
A study of the French words in the "Earliest Complete English Prose Psalter"
Ywain and Gawain
Middle English dictionary
Text and language in medieval English prose : a festschrift for Tadao Kubouchi
The Middle English poem, Erthe upon erthe, printed from twenty-four manuscripts
Knyghthode and Bataile : a XVth century verse paraphrase of Flavius Vegetius Renatus' treatise "De re militari"
A "microbiography of Chaucer that tells the story of the tumultuous year that led to the creation of The Canterbury Tales"--
The King of Tars : ed. from the Auchinleck MS, Advocates 19.2.1
Reconsidering the semantics of Middle English namely
Sawles Warde
Introduction to the history of English
The doctrinal of sapience
This is the eye-opening story of the birth of one of the most celebrated literary creations of the English language. The middle-aged Chaucer did not enjoy the literary celebrity he has today--far from it. He was living quietly in London with a modest bureaucratic post, writing poetry for a small audience of intimate friends. For more than a decade, Chaucer had stayed precariously afloat in London's fierce factional politics. Aided by a strategic marriage and ties to the court of Richard II, he had enjoyed favor from two envied and despised men: the overbearing John of Gaunt, Duke of Lancaster, and the unscrupulous wool profiteer and London Mayor, Nicholas Brembre. Suddenly, swept up by events beyond his own control, he lost it all. During the autumn of 1386 he was expelled from his London dwelling, humiliated in Parliament, pressured out of his job, and forced into exile in Kent. Unbroken by these worldly reversals, Chaucer pursued a new life in art. Cut off from his London audience, he invented a portable one--a tale-swapping pilgrim band. He converted his previously private literary career into a public one, in the grandest of terms. At the loneliest time of his life, Chaucer made the revolutionary decision to keep writing, to change the nature of what he was writing, and to write for a national audience, for posterity, and for fame.--From publisher description.
King Horn, Floriz and Blancheflur, The Assumption of Our Lady
Scribes, printers, and the accidentals of their texts
Handbook of Middle English grammar : phonology
Sir Gawain and the Carl of Carlisle : in two versions
Middle English dictionary.. [C-D]
Studies in English historical linguistics and philology : a festschrift for Akio Oizumi
Dis-history : modelling the introduction and diffusion of a borrowed prefix in Middle English
The Prologues and Epilogues of William Caxton
The book of fayttes of armes and of chyualrye
Piers Plowman. The B version : Will's visions of Piers Plowman, do-well, do-better and do-best : an edition in the form of Trinity College, Cambridge Ms.B.15.17, corrected and restored from the known evidence ..
The quatrefoil of Love
Merlin, a Middle-English metrical version of a French romance. Part 3
Presents a detailed analysis of the semantic characteristics, productivity, and dialect distribution of seven Early Middle English suffixes.
An anthology of Chancery English
The development of future constructions in English : the pragmatics of modal and temporal will and shall in Middle English
Variation in central modals : a repertoire of forms and types of usage in Middle English and early modern English
Arthur : a short sketch of his life and history in English verse of the first half of the XV century
"Thou art a fool; thy wit is overcome" : (im)politeness in the frame story of the Canterbury Tales
Old magic
Paston letters and papers of the fifteenth century : part 2
Middle English dictionary. Plan and bibliography
Main facts concerning the syntax of Mandeville's travels : MS. Cotton Titus c.XVI, in the British Museum (edited by P. Hamelius)
Middle English dictionary. U-V
Gender and language in Chaucer
The Lay folks mass book or The manner of hearing mass, with rubrics and devotions for the people, in four texts, and offices in English according to the use of York
Textual and contextual studies in medieval English : towards the reunion of linguistics and philology
The three kings of Cologne : an early English translation of the "Historia trium regum" by John of Hildesheim
Turn-taking and immediacy in The owl and the nightingale
Fifteenth-century English translations of Alain Chartier's Le traité de l'esperance and Le quadrilogue invectif. Vol. 2, Introduction, notes and glossary
"Seruyce is no herytagge"? : Notions of ervanthood in three Late Middle English lyrics: an editoin of National Library of Scotland MS advocates 19.3.1, ff. 91r-92v
The dicts and sayings of the philosophers
London, British Library, MS Additional 10304 contains the unique copy of one of the only two known English translations of Boccaccio's 'De Mulieribus Claris' prior to modern times (the other being that by Henry Parker, Lord Morley (EETS OS 214 (l943)). The present text consists of twentyone of Boccaccio's 106 lives of famous women, translated into seven-line stanzas. It exists in printed form only in the edition by Gustav Schleich (1924), not now readily accessible, and in selections edited by Julius Zupitza (1892). It is of interest and significance in several respects: as an instance of the cultivation of Italian humanist writing in fifteenth-century England, and in particular of the reception of Boccaccio; as an example of verse in the Chaucerian tradition on the subject of women; and as an example of selective adaptation in translation from Latin to the vernacular. The Introduction to this edition includes consideration of language and versification, and an analysis of the Middle English translator's strategies of selection from the source. The text is followed by a commentary including exposition of difficult passages, notes on significant modification of the source, and points of lexicographical interest, a select glossary, and an index of proper names.
Middle English religious prose
Speaking in our tongues : proceedings of a Colloquium on Medieval Dialectology and Related Disciplines
A Latin technical phlebotomy and its Middle English translation
The kalendre of the newe legende of Englande
Early Middle English word formation : semantic aspects of derivational affixation in the AB language
The endless knot : essays on Old and Middle English in honor of Marie Borroff
Discomfort in Middle English
The southern version of Cursor mundi. Vol. 1
The libelle of Englyshe polycye : a poem on the use of sea-power, 1436
The birth of Romance in England : the "Romance of Horn", the "Folie Tristan", the "Lai of Haveloc" and "Amis and Amilun : four twelfth-century romances in the French of England
The earliest complete English Prose psalter tigether with eleven canticles and a translation of the Athanasian Creed. Part 1
Scribes and the city : London Guildhall clerks and the dissemination of Middle English literature, 1375-1425
The Bodley version of Mandeville's travels : from Bodleian MS. e Musaeo 116 with parallel extracts from the Latin text of British Museum MS. Royal 13 E. IX
A Middle-English dictionary : containing words used by English writers from the twelfth to the fifteenth century
Handbook of Middle English : grammar and texts
Provincial features in the late fourteenth-century London dialect as evidence by nine official documents
Relativization in early English (950-1250) : the position of relative clauses
Middle English sermons
Interpreting and mapping raw data for Middle English word geography : the case of the Prick of Conscience
Speculum Christiani : a Middle English religious treatise of the 14th century
Chaucer and Langland : the antagonistic tradition
The two Middle English translations of the Revelations of St Elizabeth of Hungary : ed. from Cambridge University Library MS Hh.i. 11 and Wynkyn de Worde's printed text of ?1493
The seasons of the year : chapters on a motif from Beowulf to the Shepherd's Calendar
A middle English anthology
Ancrene riwle : introduction and part 1
Jacob's well, an English treatise on the cleansing of man's conscience. Part 1
Chaucer's translation of Boethius's " De consolatione philosophiæ."
An introduction to the grammar of Old English : a systemic functional approach
Exornatorium Curatorum : Edited from Wynkyn de Worde's Edition in Cambridge, Corpus Christi College, SP.335.2
The tretyse off huntyng : (Cambridge University Library MS L1.1.18, fols. 48r-55v)
Middle English dictionary.. [A-B]
Paston letters and papers of the fifteenth century : part 1
The devils' parlament and The harrowing of hell and destruction of Jerusalem
Medieval English : an Old English and Middle English anthology. [1]
Lydgate's Siege of Thebes. Part 2
The development of the nominal plural forms in Early Middle English
Language change and variation from Old English to Late Modern English : a festschrift for Minoji Akimoto
The babees book, Aristotle's ABC, Urbanitatis, Stans puer ad mensam, The lytylle childrenes lytil boke, The bokes of nurture of Hugh Rhodes and John Russell, Wynkyn de Worde's Boke of Keruynge, The Booke of demeanor, The boke of curtasye, Seager's Schoole of vertue, &c. &c : with some French & Latin poems on like subjects and some forewords on education in Early England
Old Northumbrian verbal morphosyntax and the (Northern) subject rule
The pilgrimage of the lyfe of the manhode : translated anonymously into prose from the first recension of Guillaume de Deguileville's poem "Le pèlerinage de la vie humaine". Vol. 2, Explanatory notes, bibliography, and glossary
The Metrical life of Christ : ed. from MS BM Add. 39996
Geoffrey Chaucer
˜The Middle English text of Caxton's Ovid, books II-III edited from Cambridge, Magdalene College, Old Library, MS F.4.34 : with a parallel text of The Ovide moralise en prose II, edited from Paris, Bibliotheque Nationale, MS fonds francais 137
Medieval lord : a diachcronic study of dryhten and hlaford in Old and Middle English
Peter Idley's Instructions to his son
On famous women : the Middle English translation of Boccaccio's De mulieribus claris
Word derivation in Early Middle English
Foreign influences on Middle English
Monks, clerks, and King Arthur: reading Geoffrey of Monmouth in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries
Contributions to Middle English lexicography and etymology
Of Arthour and of Merlin. 2, Introduction, notes & glossary
Adam Davy's 5 dreams about Edward 11 ; The life of St. Alexius ; Solomon's book of wisdom ; St. Jeremie's 15 tokens before Doomsday ; The lamentacion of souls : edited from the Laud ms. 622 in the Bodleian Library by F.J. Furnivall
An anonymous short English metrical chronicle
John Page's The Siege of Rouen is an eyewitness narrative account of Henry V's siege of Normandy's capital in 1418-19. The text is unique in English verse of the fifteenth century in providing a first-hand narrative of a significant event in contemporary warfare. The poet was (if we take him at his word) present at the siege, and his narration of the event is a complex mixture of patriotism and compassion, verse chronicle and historical romance. Page's poem is a rich and sophisticated piece of work, which until recently has received little critical interest....This volume constitutes the first critical edition since Herbert Huscher's 'John Page's Siege of Rouen' published in 1927. It contains an introduction with descriptions of the fourteen manuscripts in which the text is known to survive complete or in fragments, discussions of historical context, authorship, language, metre and verse form, genre, literary background, and reception. The edition includes a full collation of the extant manuscripts in the textual notes and variants, a commentary, glossary, and index of personal and place names (back cover).
The lay folks' cathechism, or the English and Latin version of Archibishop Thoresby's instruction for the people ; together with a Wycliffe adaptation of the same, and coresponding canons of the Council of Lambeth
Imagining Robin Hood : the late medieval stories in hostorical context
A manuscript index to the Index of the Middle English Verse
Scandinavian influence on the Vocabulary of the Peterborough Chronicle (1070-1154)
Middle English dictionary. [E-F]
Ratis raving : and other moral and religious pieces in prose and verse
Information structure and syntactic change in the history of English
William Tindale : a contribution to the early history of the English Bible
The complete English poems of John Skelton
Old and Middle English sickness-nouns in historical perspective : a lexico-semantic analysis
Catholicon anglicum : an English-Latin wordbook, dated 1483
The Ancrene wisse : a four-manuscript parallel text, parts 5-8 with wordlists
The importance of Chaucer
"Trifling shews of learning"? : Code-switching in English seremons from the Lampeter corpus of Early Modern English tracts, 1640-1740
Ashgate critical essays on early English lexicographers. Vol. 2, Middle English
Instructions for parish priests
Romance and the gentry in late medieval England
A companion to Gower
William of Palerne: an alliterative romance
The English alliterative tradition
The northern homily cycle : The expanded version in MSS Harley 4196 and Cotton Tiberius E VII
Plant names of medieval England
A middle-English dictionary containing words used by English writers from the twelfth to the fifteenth century
Romance and the Gentry in Late Medieval England offers a new history of Middle English romance, the most popular genre of secular literature in the English Middle Ages. Michael Johnston argues that many of the romances composed in England from 1350-1500 arose in response to the specific socio-economic concerns of the gentry, the class of English landowners who lacked titles of nobility and hence occupied the lower rungs of the aristocracy The end of the fourteenth century in England witnessed power devolving to the gentry, who became one of the dominant political and economic forces in provincial society As Johnston demons traces, this social change also affected England's literary culture, particularly the composition and readership of romance. Romance and the Gentry in Late Medieval England identifies a series of new topoi in Middle English that responded to the gentry's economic interests. But beyond social history and literary criticism, it also speaks to manuscript studies, showing that most of the codices of the "gentry romances" were produced by those in the immediate employ of the gentry. By bringing together literary criticism and manuscript studies, this hook speaks to two scholarly communities often insulated from one another; it invites manuscript scholars to pay closer attention to the cultural resonances of the texts within medieval codices; simultaneously, it encourages literary scholars to be more attentive to the cultural resonances of surviving medieval codices. Book jacket.
A Middle English medical remedy book : edited from Glasgow University Library MS Hunter 185
Middle English from tongue to text : selected papers from the Third International Conference on Middle English: Language and Text, held at Dublin, Ireland, 1-4 July 1999
Middle English dictionary. [J-K]
Piers Plowman and the poor
Betwixt engelaunde and englene londe : dialogic poetics in early English religious lyric
Early Middle English loanwords : a study of language contact and lexical borrowing
