http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25756 Tibetan language literature
Tibetan language literature
Songs of the Sixth Dalai Lama
On the margins of Tibet : cultural survival on the Sino-Tibetan frontier
A catalogue of the United States Library of Congress collection of Tibetan literature in microfiche. Part 3
Tibetan manuscripts, blockprints, and modern editions in the library of the Tibetan Institute at Rikon/Zurich = Sud-si Ri-kon Chos-ʹkhor Dgon du bzugs paʹi Bod kyi dpe deb rnams kyi dkar chag gzigs bder bkod pa blo ldan padmoʹi dgaʹ tshal źes bya ba bźugs so
The brief catalogues to the Narthang and the Lhasa Kanjurs : a synoptic edition of the bKar-rgyur-rin-po-cheri-mtshan-tho and the rGyal-bari-bkar-rgyur-rin-po-cheri-chos-tshan-so-sori-mtshan-byan-dkar-chag-bsdus pa
Abhisamayālankāra-Prajñāparāmitā-Upadeša-Šāstra. Fascilus 1, Introduction, Sanscrit text and Tibetan translation
The Samādhi of direct encounter with the Buddhas of the present : an annotated English translation of the Tibetan version of the Pratyutpanna-buddha-sammukhāvasthita-samādhi-sūtra with several appendices relating to the history of the text
The superhuman life of Gesar of Ling
The Tibetan text of the Pratyutpanna-buddha-sammukhāvasthita-samādhi-sūtra
VI meždunarodnaâ konferenciâ "Problemy literatur Dal'nego Vostoka ", 25-29 tûnâ 2014 g. : tezisy i doklady "Tibeskaâ pis'mennaâ tradiciâ i sovremennost'" = 6th International scientific conference "Issues of Far Eastern literatures", June 25-29, 2014 : abstracts and papers of the panel "Modernizing the Tibetan literatury tradition
Among Tibetan texts : history and literature of the Himalayan Plateau
Collection of Tibetan MSS and xylographs of Alexander Csoma de Körös
Tibetan written images : a study of imagery in the writings of Dhondup Gyal
A catalogue of the Tibetan manuscripts and block prints in the Library of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences
Ksemendra's Bodhisattvâvadānakalpalatā : studies and materials
A study on the chronicles of Ladakh (Indian Tibet)
"A highly esteemed Buddhist treatise on realizing your divine nature. This concise treatise by the eleventh-century Tibetan Buddhist philosopher Rongzom Chokyi Zangpo sets out to prove the provocative point that everything that appears is actually deity manifest. Many books on Tibetan Buddhism address the important themes of mind training, compassion, and proper conduct, but this book goes beyond that in its aim to bring the reader face to face with his or her divine and pure nature. Transformation not only of one's identity but also of one's environment is an important principle in Tantric Buddhist philosophy. In Tantric scriptures one is instructed to visualize oneself as a deity, a divine identity who resides in a perfect sphere. By repeatedly training in this visualization, one perfects the transformation and ultimately becomes the deity itself. Establishing Appearances as Divine seeks to unravel the interplay between rationality, truth, and divinity, bringing to light the view that underlies Tantric Buddhist practices"--
Himalayan nature : representations and reality
The role of alchemy and medicine in Indo-Tibetan Tantrism
A catalogue of the United States Library of Congress collection of Tibetan literature in microfiche. [Part 1]
Establishing appearances as divine : Rongzom Chözang on reasoning, Madhyamaka, and purity
The kingdom of Ladakh, c. 950-1842 A.D
A catalogue of the United States Library of Congress collection of Tibetan literature in microfiche. Part 2
The essence of other-emptiness
