http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25751 near-death experiences
near-death experiences
The handbook of near-death experiences : thirty years of investigation
The afterlife is real : true stories of people who have glimpsed life after death
Heaven is for real : a little boy's astounding story of his trip to heaven and back
Religion, spirituality and the near-death experience
Out-Of-Body and Near-Death experiences : brain-state phenomena or glimpses of immortality?
The wisdom of near-death experiences : how understanding NDE's can help us live more fully
Heaven, hell, and the afterlife : eternity in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Volume 3, End time and afterlife in Islamic, Buddhist, and indigenous cultures
Heaven is for real
Flight to heaven : a pilot's true story : a plane crash, a lone survivor, a journey to heaven and - back
Ashleigh and Danny Orchard are twins, not that you'd ever tell by looking at them - Danny distant and shy, Ash beautiful and accomplished. But there's a secret in the Orchard house: Ash is a monster, a psychopath who can feel only through bringing others pain. When Ash and Danny are caught in a fire on their 16th birthday, both of them die. But only Danny comes back. Since then, Ash has haunted Danny, denying him any form of normal life - or love. When Danny meets Willa and her son Eddie he glimpses the life he could have without Ash. To stop her from ruining his new-found happiness, Danny must venture into the frightening underworld of Detroit, where he will unearth the mystery of the night his and Ash's fates changed for ever.
Journeys out of the body
Proof of heaven : a neurosurgeon's journey into the afterlife
The author, a successful Buddhist teacher, software designer, musician and author, contracted viral encephalitis, a rare brain disease, and went into a coma for 10 days. While recovering, he experienced an acute neuropsychiatric complication from a therapeutic drug that posed a second life-threatening challenge. This account of his slow and spotty recovery is both a Buddhist teaching story and an account of the deeply rooted fears and anxieties that became Richmond's companions on the healing journey.
Lessons from the light : what we can learn from the near-death experience
"At twenty-two, Bibi Blair's doctors tell her that she's dying. Two days later, she's impossibly cured. Fierce, funny, dauntless, she becomes obsessed with the idea that she was spared because she is meant to save someone else. Someone named Ashley Bell. This proves to be a dangerous idea. Searching for Ashley Bell, ricocheting through a Southern California landscape that proves strange and malevolent in the extreme, Bibi is plunged into a world of crime and conspiracy, following a trail of mysteries that become more sinister and tangled with every twisting turn"--
How to see your angels : a guide to attracting heavenly beings that heal, help and inspire
Heaven is for real for kids
The damned
Parapsychology : the science of unusual experience
Heaven, hell, and the afterlife : eternity in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Volume 2, End time and afterlife in Christianity
Ashley Bell
The Lazarus effect : the science that is rewriting the boundaries between life and death
The longest ride
Seeking heaven : sound journeys into the beyond
Near-death experiences : understanding our visions of the afterlife
"Who is Ashley Bell?     From #1 New York Times bestselling author Dean Koontz comes the must-read thriller of the year, perfect for readers of dark psychological suspense and modern classics of mystery and adventure. Brilliantly paced, with an exhilarating heroine and a twisting, ingenious storyline, Ashley Bell is a new milestone in literary suspense from the long-acclaimed master"--
Beyond : on life after death
Through their work at the Near Death Experience Research Foundation, radiation oncologist Jeffrey Long and his wife, Jody, have gathered thousands of accounts of near-death experiences (NDEs) from all over the world. "Largest NDE study ever conducted reveals proof of life after death" -- Dust jacket.
#What Is A Near Death Experience?
Dying to wake up : a doctor's voyage into the afterlife and the wisdom he brought back
Heaven, hell, and the afterlife : eternity in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Volume 1, End time and afterlife in Judaism
Consciousness Beyond Life : The Science of the Near-Death Experience
The map of heaven : how science, religion, and ordinary people are proving the afterlife
Mindsight : near-death and out-of-body experiences in the blind
Death, ecstasy, and other worldly journeys
Life at death : a scientific investigation of the near-death experience
The bridge
Embracing death : exploring dear death experiences
Beyond the body : an investigation of out-of-the-body experiences
Heaven is beautiful : how dying taught me that death is just the beginning
The map of heaven : a neurosurgeon explores the mysteries of the afterlife and the truth about what lies beyond
What if this is heaven? : how our cultural myths prevent us from experiencing heaven on earth
What if this is heaven? : how I released my limiting beliefs and really started living
The art of dying : a journey to elsewhere
Countdown to coherence : a spiritual journey toward a scientific theory of everything
The forbidden
Evidence of the afterlife : the science of near-death experiences
Ashley Bell : a novel
Dr Rajiv Parti was the last man to believe in heaven or hell - until he saw them with his own eyes. Dr Parti was a wealthy man of science with a successful career as the Chief of Anesthesiology at the Bakersfield Heart Hospital in California. He demanded the same success from his son, whose failures provoked episodes of physical abuse from Dr Parti. However, his fate was overturned in 2005, when he was diagnosed with cancer. During his seventh operation against the disease, dying from sepsis with a 105 degree fever, Dr Parti left his body and watched his own operation from the ceiling. What followed was a profound near-death experience, in which Dr Parti was met by archangels and his deceased father, who led him to witness both heaven and hell. From the angels, he learned lessons of spiritual health that they insisted he bring down to earth - to do so, Dr Parti knew he had to change his ways. After his near-death experience, Dr Parti awoke a new man.
"Following her near-death experience as shared in the New York Times bestseller Dying to Be Me, Anita Moorjani knows well the truths that exist beyond common knowledge and acceptance. The clarity she has gained has led her to further understand who she was born to be.  Part of that truth has involved contemplating the cultural myths infused into our everyday lives. Passed down from generation to generation, these myths are pervasive and influential. From the belief we reap what we sow to the idea we must always be positive, cultural myths are often accepted as truths without questioning. Moorjani asserts it is now time for questioning in order to help us reach our fully informed, authentic selves.  Moorjani explores these common myths in their real-world existence while presenting examples from her own life that reveal the falsehoods beneath the surface. By freeing ourselves from these ubiquitous expectations, we can break open an honest pathway to life as it was meant to be lived"--
Following her near-death experience as shared in the New York Times bestseller Dying to Be Me, Anita Moorjani knows well the truths that exist beyond common knowledge and acceptance. The clarity she has gained has led her to further understand who she was born to be.  Part of that truth has involved contemplating the cultural myths infused into our everyday lives. Passed down from generation to generation, these myths are pervasive and influential. From the belief we reap what we sow to the idea we must always be positive, cultural myths are often accepted as truths without questioning. Moorjani asserts it is now time for questioning in order to help us reach our fully informed, authentic selves.  Moorjani explores these common myths in their real-world existence while presenting examples from her own life that reveal the falsehoods beneath the surface. By freeing ourselves from these ubiquitous expectations, we can break open an honest pathway to life as it was meant to be lived.
Healing Lazarus : a Buddhist's journey from near death to new life
