http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25725 joint marketing
joint marketing
Manual on sales practices : how to improve the efficiency of your sales force
Social marketing : improving the quality of life
How could companies improve their cooperation with the top bloggers in Helsinki : case Kämp Group Restaurants
Third sector research
Cause-marketing for nonprofits : partner for purpose, passion, and profits
Attracting and retaining customers in the internet
Business suppliers' value-creation potential : a capability-based analysis
Sponsorship for a return on investment
Store wars : the battle for mindspace and selfspace
Policy and Practice for Global Tourism is a guide to the major themes in world tourism today. Through 11 chapters, it presents an overview of topics ranging from sustainable tourism to social networks or emerging markets to creating a successful destination brand. Examples of UNWTO's work in key areas are highlighted throughout the publication, and these are complimented by case studies and opinions from business leaders, destinations management organizations, academics and NGOs.  Policy and Practice for Global Tourism is aimed at decision makers working in the public and private sectors alike, as well as those who are simply interested in learning more about this fast-moving and dynamic sector of the global economy.
Handbook of marketing and society
Business marketing : an interaction and network perspective
The primary objective of the thesis was to find out how the foreign representatives of Tamtron Group evaluate the cooperation between them and Tamtron Group. The study was conducted from the foreign representatives' point of view. The meaning was to identify how the foreign representatives experience the cooperation. The intention was to gather information for Tamtron Group to help it to improve these relationships. The study was conducted by using quantitative methods. The data was collected by using a self-completion questionnaire which was sent by email. The questionnaire contained both multiple choice questions and open questions. The sample of the research included all the foreign representatives of Tamtron Group. The questions handled the overall assessment of the relationship, positive aspects in the relationship, challenges facing the representatives and development ideas of the representatives. All the foreign representatives were categorized according to how long relationship they had with Tamtron Group. The categorization was made in order to see whether there were differences in the answers between the different groups. The study shows that the foreign representatives are in general satisfied with the cooperation. The overall satisfaction of all the representatives was basically at the same level, not depending on the length of the relationship they had with Tamtron Group. The most positive aspect in the relationship seemed to be the personal relations. The price reasoning and lack of technical competence formed the biggest challenges for the representatives. The issues for development seem to be technical and commercial training and more marketing material in representative's own language. The answers of the respondents to questions concerning challenges facing the representatives and development ideas varied to some extent according to the length of relationship. Lack of technical competence seemed to be bigger problem for representatives who had only few years' relationship with Tamtron Group than for representatives with longer experience. This means that Tamtron Group should focus on different issues on different phases of the relationship in order to improve the cooperation.
Handbook of relationship marketing
Increasing Fida International̀s visibility and financial support through a marketing guide
Outsourcing marketing – expectations and defining the roles of the participants
Cultural co-operation possibilities between the companies and associations providing cultural services in Southern Pirkanmaa region
Detective marketing
Problematising the phenomenon of relationship dissolution : the contribution of a workshop
EuroMarketing : how to market products and services in the European Union : a practical guide for small and medium-sized companies
Integration in vertical marketing systems : a study on power and contractual relationships between wholesalers and retailers
Principles and practice of marketing
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Abstract: Cultural co-operation possibilities between the companies and associations providing cultural services in Southern Pirkanmaa region.
Tampere Media City : magazine for the Tampere Region to market expertise in information and communication technology and media services
"When you shop with us, you are choosing beauty with heart" : constucting corporate and consumer identities in corporate social responsibility discourse
Marketing performance measurement in the marketing-finance interface
Collaboration and co-creation : new platforms for marketing and innovation
Guerrilla marketing and joint ventures : million dollar partnering strategies for growing any business in any economy
International market entry and development : strategies and management
Tourism, travel and leisure (TTL) are highly diverse and fragmented industries. Alliances and partnerships can be used as a framework providing small and medium-sized tourism enterprises (which do not possess adequate resources or organizational capabilities) with opportunities to operate in a competitive business environment. This book will: (i) present the theoretical and analytical frameworks underlying business co-operation and alliances; (ii) analyse the main issues and aspects related to business partnerships; (iii) investigate the contribution of these alliances in the field of management and marketing of TTL businesses; (iv) examine and highlight the factors associated with their success and/or influencing the successful operations of such alliances at business and destination levels; (v) explore their adoption, application and management in various contexts of TTL businesses; and (vi) present and discuss case studies illustrating the various issues and aspects. The volume will conclude by providing management and marketing implications and recommendations for tourism business, destination managers and local planners to enable them to successfully operate such alliances.
Partner brands selection in co-branding projects
Proceedings of the XXV International Horticultural Congress : Brussels, Belgium 2-7 August, 1998. Part 14, Horticltural economics at micro and macro level. International trade and marketing. International cooperative programs. Relations between research, development, extension and education
Cooperation between brands and film industry: case : Helsinki Filmi
The dragonfly effect : quick, effective, and powerful ways to use social media to drive social change
The marketing of social enterprises : understanding the concepts of marketing and market orientation of social enterprises within the context of Pakistani market
Principles of marketing
Success factors of place marketing : a study of place marketing practices in Northern Europe and the United States
Relationship marketing : exploring relational strategies in marketing
Participatory design of visual product identity concepts : towards a user experience styleguide
Marketing social change : changing behavior to promote health, social development, and the environment
Partnering as a strategy to approach new markets : case Anders Inno
Ozi ́s Bed and Breakfast : a case of translation
The new marketing era : marketing to the imagination in a technology-driven world
Strategic marketing : creating competitive advantage
Central marketing of cellulose, with particular reference to brand policy
Research in marketing. Vol. 14, Designing competitive strategies for global marketing
Service channel relationships : the dyadic relationships between service producers and service intermediaries
Marketing and consumer behavior in East and South-East Asia
Networking the farm : the social structure of cooperation and competition in Iowa agriculture
Policy and practice for global tourism
Managerial perceptions on corporate social responsibility : a transatlantic comparison between forest products companies in Europe and North America
New media technology : cultural and commercial perpectives
The aim of this bachelor's thesis is to find out how Kämp Group Restaurants could improve their cooperation with the top bloggers in Helsinki. Before giving suggestions and tips on how the cooperation could be improved, it is important to identify what the cooperation is like at the moment. This thesis is comissioned by Kämp Group restaurants.      Before being able to answer the aim, it is important to understand the current situation of blogging; what are trends and role in communications at the moment, and what motivates the blogger and what do the bloggers expect from the cooperation with the companies. These research questions helped the author to achieve the aim.     The research was conducted by interviewing two communications professional and six top bloggers. One restaurant manager was also interviewed to gain insight from the restaurant's perspective.      By combining the information gathered from the literature review and the interviews, suggestions on how to improve the cooperation are made. The study revealed that the main aspect missing from the cooperation is planning; the author suggests that Kämp Group Restaurants follows the 8-step-guide in order to improve the cooperation with the top bloggers. The author thinks that in addition to planning, the key to a successful cooperation is getting to know the bloggers personally, and building a long-term relationship with them.
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Industrial networks : a new view of reality
Social marketing : changing behaviors for good
Developing and establishing a blogger outreach strategy : case ElämysLahjat.fi
Hotel franchisees in Finland : case: Helsinki Metropolitan Area
Marketing capability of small firms operating in networks
Cause-related marketeting : an empirical approach on the use of cause-related marketing as a corporate tool for image building
Sustainable Marketing  : The Importance of Being a Sustainable Business
Managing cross-functional interdependencies : the contingent value of integration
Service marketing channel relationships : bonds, outcomes and special characteristics
Evaluation of cooperation between principal and foreign partners in export business - Case: Tamtron Group
Corporate brand repositioning with CSR as the differentiating factor : a study on consumer perceptions
Value co-creation in industrial buyer-seller partnerships - creating and exploiting interdependencies : an empirical case study
Social marketing : influencing behaviors for good
Doing business in China
"Proven strategies for harnessing the power of social media to drive social change Many books teach the mechanics of using Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube to compete in business. But no book addresses how to harness the incredible power of social media to make a difference. The Dragonfly Effect shows you how to tap social media and consumer psychological insights to achieve a single, concrete goal. Named for the only insect that is able to move in any direction when its four wings are working in concert, this book. Reveals the four "wings" of the Dragonfly Effect-and how they work together to produce colossal results. Features original case studies of global organizations like the Gap, Starbucks, Kiva, Nike, eBay, Facebook; and start-ups like Groupon and COOKPAD, showing how they achieve social good and customer loyalty. Leverage the power of design thinking and psychological research with practical strategies. Reveals how everyday people achieve unprecedented results-whether finding an almost impossible bone marrow match for a friend, raising millions for cancer research, or electing the current president of the United States. The Dragonfly Effect shows that you don't need money or power to inspire seismic change."--
Vertical coordination and efficiency in the marketing channel : comparison between Finnish oats and U.S. rice
Collaborate or compete? : educational partnerships in a market economy
Rural tourism and sustainable business
The aim of this study is to search further franchising relationship between the franchisor and  the franchisee and see what changes have occurred in franchisee's operations since hotel joined a chain. Research topics include subjects discussed on existing literature e.g. quality in hospitality  and satisfaction of the franchisee with the chosen franchisor, how does a franchisee experience  the franchise relationship, what are the pros and cons and are they coherent with the theory and finally how do franchisees see the future of franchising and marketing cooperation in Finnish  hotel industry.   This study uses case studies to clarify how franchisees representing different chains experience  the franchising relationship and benefits of cooperation in Finland. Data is gathered through thematic interviews and analysis is based on same themes.   Results showed that in these three cases the franchisees were very content with their marketing cooperation. Further there were no significant differences between representatives of marketing cooperation- or franchised chains.
Rethinking business to business marketing
Consumption and everyday life
The changing relationships and strategic identities of actors in an industrial distribution channel : a study of distribution channels for A4 paper in Finland
Factors affecting cooperation in a marketing channel as perceived by channel members : case: Ensto UN
New forms of relations between manufacturers and suppliers and their impact upon marketing and production : a case study of paper felt manufacturing
Key success factors of Olari Gymnastics Association's long-lasting sponsorship cooperation
Will there be a disintermediated structure at the electronic marketplace for the travel industry? : theoretical and methodological perspectives
Marketing and information technology : a multiple case study on the cooperation in large Finnish corporations
Understanding and measuring social entrepreneurship
Toward a conceptual understanding of the antecedents of strategic alliances
Conscientious objectives : designing for an ethical message
Networking, relationship marketing - and making a successful match!
Social responsibility in marketing
Interaction, relationships and networks : visions for the future. Vol. 3, Work-in-progress papers
Collaboration in tourism businesses and destinations : a handbook
Tourism distribution channels : practices, issues and transformations
Selling : building partnerships
Global brand's chain marketing and strengthening customer commitment : case: Holiday Inn and Priority Club Rewards
Brand new brand thinking : brought to life by 11 experts who do
Course notes and cases for group work : training in planning and management of forest industries in developing countries : ITTO Project PD 4/87 Rev. 1 (I)
Marketing moves : a new approach to profits, growth, and renewal
Recommend this! : delivering digital experiences that people want to share
The connected corporation : how leading companies win through customer-supplier alliances
Partnership marketing : how to grow your business and transform your brand through smart collaboration
Social marketing : strategies for changing public behavior
Evaluation of cooperation between principal and foreign partners in export business : case: Tamtron Group
