http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2570 Pentecost
Pentecost
A Pentecostal hermeneutic : spirit, scripture, and community
The glory and the shame : reflections on the 20th-century outpouring of the Holy Spirit
Pneuma : the journal of the Society for Pentecostal Studies
Aspects of pentecostal-charismatic origins
Please note that the content of this book primarily consists of articles available from Wikipedia or other free sources online. Universal Church of the Kingdom of God (UCKG, from Igreja Universal do Reino de Deus, also known as UCKG HelpCentre) is a Pentecostal Christian organisation established in Brazil on July 9, 1977, with a presence in many countries.The Universal Church of the Kingdom of God was formed in 1977 in Brazil. It owes its origins to an evangelistic programme conducted by Bishop Robert McAlister, a Canadian missionary in the Pentecostal tradition. The church's spiritual leader, Edir Macedo is a former Brazilian national lottery employee and disillusioned Catholic who began his ministry in mid 1977 by preaching on a weekly radio show, according to Brazilian press reports.Macedo went on to found UCKG. He started to hold services under a small park shelter in Rio de Janeiro and later used cinemas and local halls to draw in congregants and shortly afterwards a funeral parlour.
The Pentecostal movement : its origin, development, and distinctive character
Catholic Pentecostalism and the paradoxes of Africanization
Brazilian Neo-Pentecostalism and the IURD : a missiological case analysis of the Igreja Universal do Reino de Deus
Global Pentecostalism : encounters with other religious traditions
Vision of the disinherited : the making of American Pentecostalism
The Siberian seven
God's peculiar people : women's voices & folk tradition in a Pentecostal church
Charismatic glossolalia : an empirical-theological study
Pentecostal theology and the Christian spiritual tradition
Visions of apostolic mission : Scandinavian pentecostal mission to 1935
Christopher A. Stephenson offers the first critical study of the major theologians of pentecostalism, one of the fastest growing and most influential religious traditions in the world. Drawing on the scholarship of Myer Pearlman, E. S. Williams, French L. Arrington, Simon K. H. Chan, Frank D. Macchia, Amos Yong, and others, Stephenson establishes four original categories that classify recent pentecostal theologians' methodologies in systematic/constructive theology. The four categories are based on the arrangement of Biblical texts, the relationship between theology and Christian spirituality, doctrine concerning the kingdom of God, and pneumatology as a base for philosophical and fundamental theology. Stephenson analyzes each methodological type, then suggests a pentecostal theological method that builds on the strengths of each. He then offers his own, original contribution: an argument for a reciprocal relationship between pentecostal spirituality and doctrine that follows the pattern of lex orandi, lex credendi, and develops a doctrine of the Lord's supper as a demonstration of this reciprocal relationship. Types of Pentecostal Theology provides critical insight into such fundamental issues as the relationship between theology and philosophy, the dynamic between scripture and tradition, and similarities and differences between recent pentecostal theology and other currents in contemporary theology.
Between Babel and Pentecost : transnational pentecostalism in Africa and Latin America
Types of Pentecostal theology : method, system, spirit
Smith Wigglesworth : the complete collection of his life teachings
In the latter days : the outpouring of the Holy Spirit in the twentieth century
I believe in the Holy Spirit
Heaven below : early Pentecostals and American culture
Mission and development : Finnish Pentecostal, Lutheran and Orthodox mission agencies in development work in Kenya 1948-1989
The spirit of creation : modern science and divine action in the Pentecostal-charismatic imagination
Rite and power = Rito y poder : faculty of theology international seminar
The fire spreads : holiness and Pentecostalism in the American South
The 25th volume of 'Research in the Social Scientific Study of Religion' continues to provide readers with an interdisciplinary assortment of high quality research studies aimed at capturing salient, contemporary trends in the field. The current volume presents a special section examining the role of spiritual and religious themes in sexuality research. Engaging analyses evaluate homonegativity and how religious advocacy influences perceptions of gay and lesbian individuals across different cultures. Also included are papers on the development of sexual identities among religious committed individuals. These papers help to connect concepts too frequently considered unrelated. The regular articles provide similarly stimulating evaluations of timely topics such as religious coping, gratitude, and the role of personality in describing religious experiences.
The Pentecostarion
Studying global Pentecostalism : theories and methods
The Spirit in worship, worship in the Spirit
Neo-pentacostalism in Tanzania : godly miracles, satanic interventions or human development?
"This volume provides a multidisciplinary approach to the study of Pentecostal social concern in Latin America from a scholar/practitioner recognized as an activist and leader from within the movement. Douglas Petersen blends sociological, missiological, and theological perspectives into an engaging study of Pentecostal social doctrine. " --Publisher's description.
African charismatics : current developments within independent indigenous Pentecostalism in Ghana
Faces of renewal : studies in honor of Stanley M. Horton : presented on his 70th birthday
The Pentecostals
A charismatic approach to social action
Pentecostalism : origins and developments worldwide
Pentecostal theology : a theology of encounter
Spiritual gifts according to C. Peter Wagner
Pentecostalism and Christian unity : ecumenical documents and critical assessments
The encyclopedia of American religions
The Brazilian Neo-Pentecostal Movement has impressively spread throughout the country in the past two decades and significantly diversified the evangelical landscape in the nation. Churches affiliated with this movement comprise the fastest growing segment in Brazilian evangelicalism, and Neo-Pentecostals make up nearly half of those in the Pentecostal camp. The Igreja Universal do Reino de Deus (IURD, Universal Church of the Kingdom of God) is the most well-known denomination to come out of Neo-Pentecostalism and possibly the largest contemporary missionary export from a third- world nation. Therefore, the missiological case study centers on the IURD to determine if it has actually facilitated or inhibited the successful evangelization of Brazilian society. Documents by the Lausanne Committee for World Evangelization and evangelical scholars who are in general agreement with the Lausanne Movement provide sound criteria for the necessary evangelical mission assessment. -- T.p. verso.
In religious terms Pentecostalism was probably the most vibrant and rapidly-growing religious movement of the 20th century. Starting as a revivalistic and renewal movement within Christianity, it encircled the globe in less than 25 years and grew in North America and then in those parts of the world with the highest birth-rates. Characterised by speaking in tongues, miracles, television evangelism and megachurches, it is also noted for its small-group meetings, empowerment of individuals, liberation of women and humanitarian concerns. Without the financial and military support of the state (as was the case with communism), it flourished in almost every conceivable socio-political environment. Even in Europe, where religion most frequently appeared tired and out of date, Pentecostalism might draw large crowds or, within mainline Christian congregations, flourish in a more muted charismatic form. When these two forms are added together, Pentecostalism and neo-Pentecostalism are thought to account for around 450 million people. William K Kay outlines the origins and growth of Pentecostalism, looking at not only the theological aspects of the movement, but also the sociological influences of its political and humanitarian viewpoints.
Women preaching revolution : calling for connection in a disconnected time
All together in one place : theological papers from the Brighton Conference on World Evangelization
The stations of the sun : a history of the ritual year in Britain
Rites in the spirit : a ritual approach to Pentecostal/Charismatic spirituality
Consultation with Pentecostal churches : Lima, Peru, 14-19 November 1994
Reinventing American protestantism : Christianity in the new millennium
The work of the Spirit : pneumatology and Pentecostalism
Fourth wave : charismatics and evangelicals, are we ready to come together?
Himmelfahrts-Oratorium = Ascension Oratorio BWV 11 : Klavierauszug = Piano reduction
Holy jumpers : evangelicals and radicals in Progressive Era America
Cultural studies on folk religion in Scandinavia
A comparative study of selected Finnish free churches and their leadership
Church alive : short history of the Pentecostal movement in Finland 1911-1999
Universal Church of the Kingdom of God : Templo de Salomão, Repicals of the Jewish Temple, Murder of Victoria Climbié, Umbanda, Candomblé, Chute na Santa Incident
Waiting for antichrist : charisma and apocalypse in a Pentecostal church
The globalization of Pentecostalism : a religion made to travel
Religion and modernity
This volume of ecumenical documents, key texts, and critical essays is the first collection of its kind exclusively dedicated to Pentecostalism and its contributions to Christian unity. In the first part, a cadre of internationally renowned scholars addresses the ecumenical heritage and perspectives of the Pentecostal movement since the early twentieth century. Part 2 offers a collection of final reports from international dialogues with Pentecostal participation. The final part contains programmatic essays in response to The Nature and Mission of the Church, a major study on the doctrine of the church published by the World Council of Churches. Most of these essays were first presented by the ecumenical-studies group of the Society for Pentecostal Studies, currently the only organized ecumenical think tank among Pentecostals in North America. Since its formation in 2001, the group has encouraged Pentecostal participation in ecumenical concerns, has hosted Roman Catholic-Pentecostal conversations at the annual meeting of the Society, has invited international scholarly debates on ecumenical matters, and has engaged in the study of ecumenical consensus statements. The essays and documents in this collection model the dedication and commitment among Pentecostals today that engage the challenges and opportunities of Christian unity from the perspective of a tradition that has often been falsely accused of being anti-ecumenical. This collection presents an invaluable resource for teachers, scholars, and pastors interested in engaging the global Christian arena from the worldwide and ecumenical image of Pentecostalism.
Power, politics, and pentecostals in Latin America
Give Jesus a hand! : charismatic Christians : populist religion and politics in the Philippines
Fire from heaven : the rise of Pentecostal spirituality and the reshaping of religion in the twenty-first century
Pentecostals after a century : global perspectives on a movement in transition
Pentecostal origins : early pentecostalism in Ireland in the context of the British Isles
Spirits of globalization : the growth of Pentecostalism and experiential spiritualities in a global age
Charismatics and the next millennium : do they have a future?
The spirit in the world : emerging Pentecostal theologies in global contexts
The history of the Assemblies of God in Singapore, 1928-1992
Pentecostalism and Christian unity. Volume 2, Continuing and building relationships
Women in the Church of God in Christ : making a sanctified world
Tumelo : the faith of African Pentecostals in South Africa
Bazalwane : African pentecostals in South Africa
Speaking in tongues : the New Testament evidence in context
Leadership : the spirit and the structure : missiological perspectives for designing church and mission bodies
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 25
Lutherans respond to Pentecostalism
The unfailing stream : a charismatic Church history in outline
Pentecostalism : a very short introduction
African gifts of the spirit : Pentecostalism & the rise of a Zimbabwean transnational religious movement
The everlasting gospel : the significance of eschatology in the development of Pentecostal thought
Another springtime : the life of Donald Gee, Pentecostal leader and teacher
Handmaidens of the Lord : Pentecostal women preachers and traditional religion
Dictionary of Pentecostal and charismatic movements
Fruitful in this land : pluralism, dialogue and healing in migrant Pentecostalism
Miracles, missions, and American Pentecostalism
Consultation with Pentecostals in the Americas, San José, Costa Rica, 4-8 june 1996
Called & empowered : global mission in pentecostal perspective
The liberating Spirit : toward an Hispanic American Pentecostal social ethic
Pentecostalism : the world their parish
The third force in missions : a pentecostal contribution to contemporary mission theology
Global Pentecostalism : the new face of Christian social engagement
An introduction to Pentecostalism : global charismatic Christianity
Not by might, nor by power : a pentecostal theology of a social concern in Latin America
Pentecostal spirituality : a passion for the kingdom
Himmelfahrts-Oratorium = Ascension Oratorio
Spreading the flame : charismatic churches and missions today
Charismatic christianity as a global culture
The globalisation of charismatic Christianity : spreading the gospel of prosperity
Authority and freedom in liturgy: patristic, free church, pentecostal, ecumenical
Handbook of Pentecostal Christianity
Theology out of place : a theological biography of Walter J. Hollenweger
