http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25792 sulfate soils
sulfate soils
Sulphur dynamics in boreal potential and actual acid suplhate soils rich in metastable iron sulphide
Guidelines for mitigating the adverse effects of acid sulphate soils in Finland until 2010.
Abstract.
Spatial modeling techniques for mapping and characterization of acid sulfate soils
An analytical procedure for determination of sulphur species and isotopes in boreal acid sulphate soils and sediments
Biogeochemistry in acid sulphate soil landscapes and small urban centres in Western Finland
A comparison of nitrogen and carbon reserves in acid sulphate and non acid sulphate soils in western Finland
Pärnänsuo : characteristics of an organic agricultural land with an acid sulfate subsoil
Active Wetlands : the use of chemical amendments to intercept phosphate runoffs in agricultural catchments : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg IVA project
Sources of acidity and metals in a stream draining acid sulphate soil, till and peat, western Finland, revealed by a hydrochemical and sulphur isotope study
Metal concentrations in oats (Avena sativa L.) grown on acid sulphate soils
pH of streams in western Finland : a perspective from the Middle Ages into teh mid 21st century
Sustainable cropping of reed canary grass for energy use
Export of organic matter, sulphate and base cations from boreal headwater catchments downstream to the coast : impacts of land use and climate
Gypsum amendment of soils reduces phosphorus losses in an agricultural catchment
pH of streams in western Finland : a perspective from the Middle Ages into the mid 21st century
Temporal and spatial variation in the status of acid rivers and potential prevention methods of AS soil-related leaching in peatland forestry
Guidlines for mitigating the adverse effects of acid soils in Finland until 2020.
Previous, current and future leaching of sulphur and metals from acid sulphate soils in W. Finland
Stream plant chemistry as indicator of acid sulphate soils in Sweden
Sulphate stores and sulphate adsorption capacity of the spodic B horizon of Swedish forest soils
Successive alkalinity producing system for the treatment of acid sulphate soil runoff : preliminary results of a field trial
Chemical properties of air-dried samples from an unlimed and limed acid sulphate soil profile and leaching of elements from the profiles
Hydrochemistry of rivers in an acid sulphate soil hotspot area in western Finland
Assessment of aquatic pollution, remedial measures and juridical obligations of an acid sulphate soil area in western Finland
Element speciation and behaviour in metal-rich Boreal river and estuarine systems using ultrafiltration and chemical modelling
Abstract: Isolation of DNA of sulfate-reducing bacteria and detection with qPCR  Mercury can be found in Finland's soil, and it is toxic for most microbes. There are microbes, which have resistances for mercury. Sulfate-reducing bacteria occur in polluted soil and even cells contain mercury. Sulfate-reducing bacteria can modify mercury to methyl mercury, which is more toxic than elemental mercury. Methyl mercury like mercury can accumulate to upwards in the food chain.    Finnish Forest Research Institute studies how whole-tree harvesting and stem-only har-vesting impacts on the mobilization of mercury and methyl mercury from drained peatland forests. For research eight peatlands from two different soils were chosen, half located on black schistsoil and other half on rock. Both four series of peatlands included one control site, one stem-only harvesting and two whole-tree harvesting peatlands.    The thesis focuses on sulfate-reducing bacteria contained in swamps that were known to include mercury. Impacts of sample depth, soil and harvesting to sulfate-reducing bacte-ria's concentration were studied. First total-DNA was isolated, and then DNA was purified with PEG-precipitation because of high inhibition. With 16S rRNA primers sample's DNA was confirmed in PCR. Next PCR was performed with specific dsrA primers to study sul-fate-reducing bacteria. Final concentration of sulfate-reducing bacteria was detected with qPCR.    Sulfate-reducing bacteria were found on most of the samples in different depths, but the highest occurrence was in deeper layers of soil. The result was logical, because most sulfate-reducing bacteria are anaerobic and like to live in the interface of anaerobic and aerobic. Rich soil contained clearly higher concentration of sulfate-reducing bacteria than poor one. Stem-only harvesting had lower concentration of sulfate-reducing bacteria than whole-tree harvesting due to alteration of soil's composition.    The ability on sulfate-reducing bacteria to process and resist oxygen and mercury vary between genus and even between species. Also the variety of sulfate-reducing bacteria chances in different depth of soil. That's why identification of sulfate-reducing bacteria is important.
Sulphate adsorption on variable-charge minerals in podzolized soils in relation to sulphur deposition and soil acidity
Release, transport and deposition of metals in a coastal acid sulphate soil landscape, Western Finland
Measured and simulated effects of sophisticated drainage techniques on groundwater level and runoff hydrochemistry in areas of boreal acid sulphate soils
Effects of anthropogenic and natural hydrological changes on the behavior of the acidic metal discharge from acid sulfate soils in a river- and lake system in western Finland
Mobility, chemical fractionation and plant uptake of Cd, Ni and Zn in contaminated soils
We estimated the changes in the losses of particulate and dissolved phosphorus (P) after treating 93 ha of agricultural  fields with gypsum (4 t ha -1) in a 245 ha catchment in southern Finland. Runoff was monitored using online  sensors and manual sampling during one high-flow period before and six periods after the gypsum amendment.  Turbidity recorded by the sensors correlated with particulate P analysed in the laboratory, which enabled  the evaluation of changes in particulate P from the online data. Using a covariance model, gypsum amendment  was estimated to have reduced the loss of particulate P by 64%. The loss of dissolved reactive P appeared to decrease  by one third, but was estimated with less precision. No such changes were found during the same period  in a nearby "reference" catchment, where gypsum was not used. Gypsum did not affect soil test values for P, K, Mg  or Ca, but it did increase the ionic strength and soil test SO₄. In clayey catchments discharging into the sea, gypsum  may provide an efficient means to reduce P losses from field cultivation. The duration of the gypsum effect and  impact of SO₄ associated with gypsum amendment on the ecology of rivers and lakes has yet to be determined.
Concentration levels and spatial distribution of sulphur and metals in fine-grained sediments in western Finland
Redox reactions and water quality in cultivated boreal acid sulphate soils in relation to water management
