http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25786 mobile work
mobile work
Suupirssi : expertise on the move
Flexible open offices : solutions to support flexibility of the office premises
Records management in mobile work
Changing places of work
issues. This kind of inability to clearly see the big picture, how mobile technology could enhance the traditional way of working, is present in the responses of the participants. A large portion of the companies studied for this research consider mobile technology as an additional and an optional cost, but there is a group of companies which have practically mobilised all of their work processes to acclaim their business productivity. Case study points out that the real breakthrough of the work mobilisation is yet to come, as companies are still hesitant to initiate full scale work process mobilisation. Success stories are needed to justify the investment.
Mobile virtual work : a new paradigm?
Improvements in information and communication technologies (ICTs) have brought about a sea change in the ways in which most people in the industrialized world work. In many organizations the ability to "work remotely" or "telecommute" has helped productivity improve. However, many of the benefits promised by the onset of "mobile working" have failed to materialize. This book explains the technology and strategic issues surrounding mobile working and presents a clear analysis of how this process can be managed. Combining a better understanding of the state of the art in e-business technologies with a focus on how organizations can effectively provide information support for mobile working, this book will also investigate the relationship between human and organizational factors and success in mobile working. With detailed case studies from a range of countries, this book will be useful reading on a range of courses at Masters and MBA level, including e-business, mobile technologies, operations management, technology management and change management.
Work related and general well-being in the context of job demands - resources - model : Does mobile work make a difference?
Mobile working : technologies and business strategies
Making work mobile in small and medium-sized enterprises : investigating the use of mobile technology to enhance work processes
Globalised minds, roots in the city : urban upper-middle classes in Europe
