http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25752 sound narrative
sound narrative
The sounds of the silents in Britain
Sound : dialogue, music and effects
Polku : designing an interactive sound installation based on soundscapes
Audionarratology : interfaces of sound and narrative
Sound for independent audiovisual storytelling
Oral history and digital humanities : voice, access, and engagement
Raising voices : creating youth storytelling groups and troupes
New sounds, new stories : narrativity in contemporary music
Fascination : viewer friendly TV journalism
"The late 1960s and 1970s are widely recognized as a golden age for American film, as directors like Francis Ford Coppola, George Lucas, and Martin Scorsese expanded the Hollywood model with aesthetically innovative works. As this groundbreaking new study reveals, those filmmakers were blessed with more than just visionary eyes; Designing Sound focuses on how those filmmakers also had keen ears that enabled them to perceive new possibilities for cinematic sound design. Offering detailed case studies of key films and filmmakers, Jay Beck explores how sound design was central to the era’s experimentation with new modes of cinematic storytelling. He demonstrates how sound was key to many directors’ signature aesthetics, from the overlapping dialogue that contributes to Robert Altman’s naturalism to the wordless interludes at the heart of Terrence Malick’s lyricism. Yet the book also examines sound design as a collaborative process, one where certain key directors ceded authority to sound technicians who offered significant creative input."
Music and sound in documentary film
Pop fiction : the song in cinema
Making media : foundations of sound and image production
The new television handbook
The synergy of film and music : sight and sound in five Hollywood films
Voice presentation strategies : an intertextual approach
Film : a critical introduction
Introduction / Douglas A. Boyd and Mary A. Larson. Part I. Orality/aurality. Oral history in the age of digital possibilities / William Schneider. Why do we call it oral history? : refocusing on orality/aurality in the digital age / Sherna Berger Gluck. Adventures in sound : aural history, the digital revolution, and the making of " 'I can almost see the lights of home' : a field trip to Harlan County Kentucky" / Charles Hardy III. "I just want to click on it to listen" : oral history archives, orality and usability / Douglas A. Boyd. Part II. Discovery and discourse. Beyond the transcript : oral history as pedagogy / Marjorie McLellan. Notes from the field : digital history and oral history / Gerald Zahavi. Densho : the Japanese American Legacy Project / Tom Ikeda. Deconstruction without destruction : creating metadata for oral history in a digital world / Elinor Mazé. "We all begin with a story" : discovery and discourse in the digital realm / Mary A. Larson. Part III. Oral history and digital humanities perspectives. Swimming in the exaflood : oral history as information in the digital age / Stephen Sloan. [O]ral [h]istory and the [d]igital [h]umanities" / Dean Rehberger.
Production sound mixing : the art and craft of sound recording for the moving image
From Archibald MacLeish to David Sedaris, radio storytelling has long borrowed from the world of literature, yet the narrative radio work of well-known writers and others is a story that has not been told before. And when the literary aspects of specific programs such as The War of the Worlds or Sorry, Wrong Number were considered, scrutiny was superficial. In Lost Sound, Jeff Porter examines the vital interplay between acoustic techniques and modernist practices in the growth of radio. Concentrating on the 1930s through the 1970s, but also speaking to the rising popularity of today's narrative broadcasts such as This American Life, Radiolab, Serial, and The Organicist, Porter's close readings of key radio programs show how writers adapted literary techniques to an acoustic medium with great effect. Addressing avant-garde sound poetry and experimental literature on the air, alongside industry policy and network economics, Porter identifies the ways radio challenged the conventional distinctions between highbrow and lowbrow cultural content to produce a dynamic popular culture.
Voice & vision / a creative approach to narrative film and DV production
Multimodal representation and intermodal similarity : cues of space in the audio description of film
Audionarratology is a new 'postclassical' narratology that explores interfaces of sound, voice, music and narrative in different media and across disciplinary boundaries. This is the first book to bring together cutting-edge research on audio art and forms of sound narration hitherto neglected in narratology: radio plays, audiobooks, audio guides, mobile phone theatre, performance poetry, concept albums, digital stories, computer games, songs.
Storytelling through animation
Lost sound : the forgotten art of radio storytelling
Film art : an introduction
Dissonance, quotations, and designs : literary polyphony in the prose of Eira Stenberg.
Designing sound : audiovisual aesthetics in 1970s American cinema
This collection of fourteen essays provides a rich and detailed history of the relationship between and music and image in documentary films, exploring the often overlooked role of music in the genre and its subsequent impact on an audience's perception of reality and fiction. Exploring examples of documentary films which make use of soundtrack music, from an interdisciplinary perspective, Music and Sound in Documentary Film is the first in-depth treatment on the use of music in the nonfiction film and will appeal to scholars and students working in the intersection of music and film and media studies.
Sound design : the expressive power of music, voice, and sound effects in cinema
The world of storytelling
