http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25766 signals
signals
The Second Crisis Management Workshop CriM'2006 : September 28, 2006
Cellular signal processing : an introduction to the molecular mechanisms of signal transduction
Abstract.
"In a fast moving world, businesses need to keep up with data analysis and pattern spotting to identify future opportunities. Anne Lise Kjaer presents a unique methodology for global trend spotting along with practical tools and approaches to help companies and organizations analyse market changes and determine the way ahead. The toolkit includes features such as 'How to create your own Trend Atlas' and 'How to Use Trends in Action', alongside case studies and profiles of previous research projects for major organizations. She encourages readers to become market leaders rather than followers, by developing a 'future-orientated mindset' to interpret contradictive influences and identify trends as they emerge"--
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 6, part 2, NP 286(2) 2012/13, Pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations, Europe, Arctic and Baltic coasts, including Iceland and Faeroe Islands
Noise and vibration analysis : signal analysis and experimental procedures
Signal : a user experience prototype for visualizing notifications as light signals
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 6, part 1, NP 286(1) 2009/10, Pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations United Kingdom and Ireland (including European Channel Ports)
Cortical dynamics of speech perception in adverse listening conditions
The biochemistry of cell signalling
Methods for doppler radar monitoring of physiological signals
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 6, part 2, NP 286(2) 2009/10, Pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations, Europe (excluding UK, Ireland, Channel Ports and Mediterranean)
Digital signal filtering, analysis and restoration
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 6, part 7, 2011/12, Pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations : Central and South America and the Caribbean
Mesoporous silica nanoparticles as drug delivery systems to specifically target the Notch Signaling pathway
Stromal interaction molecule 1 and its role in the regulation, proliferation and protein expression in follicular ML-1 thyroid cancer cells
Video interface card for an HMI device
Signal processing handbook
Pattern classification methods to analyze dynamic complex systems : applications with fMRI, gene expression and radar data
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Specific roles of epithelial integrins in chemical and physical sensing of the extracellular matrix to regulate cell shape and polarity
Exploration to trends & product development : a framework to guide trend & consumer driven concept development
Proteolytic processing as a regulator of BMP-type signaling in Drosophila development
Calculating the current distribution of a microstrip dipole antenna
Role of Wnt4 signaling in mammalian sex determination, ovariogenesis and female sex duct differentiation
Method evaluations in spatial exploratory analyses of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging data
Handbook of prostate cancer cell research : growth, signalling, and survival
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 6, part 3, NP 286 (3) 2009/10, Pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations Mediterranean and Africa (including Persian Gulf)
The international code of signals : for the use of all nations
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 3, part 2, 2010, Maritime safety information services, The Americas, Far East and Oceania
Vegfr3 and notch signaling in angiogenesis
This book provides a unified and systematic presentation of topics such as blind equalization, source separation, and unsupervised as well as nonlinear adaptive filtering. Extending classical results in literature, this book addresses new issues on static and dynamic convergence of Bussgang algorithsm. It explores emergent trends like neuro-fuzzy systems and evolutionary algorithms.
Negative regulation of Drosophila immune response
Message for eternity
Signals, systems, and transforms
Concentrated signal extraction using consecutive mean excision algorithms
The possibility of communication
Human resource development function to both organizational performance and quality of working life
Novel imaging-technique developed to study G-protein coupled receptor induced C2+-signalling in ephitelial cells of the mouse caput epididymis
Information and Communication Support for Crisis Prevention and Management : SeNTRE WP5 Workshop, preparation for the 7th framework of the European Union, November 15, 2005, Brussels, Belgium
Embedded mixed-signal testing on board and system level
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 6(5), part 5, 2008/09, Pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations Americas and Antarctica
Understanding signal integrity
Methods for space-time parameter estimation in DS-CDMA arrays
Scanning the Business Environment and Detecting Weak Signals : anticipation for decision-making
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 5, 2005/06, Global maritime distress and safety system (GMDSS)
Analysis and performance of FBMC techniques with application to relay networks
Horses send out signals continuously about their health, well-being, nutrition and behaviour. The challenge for every horse owner and horse lover is how to interpret these signals and use them. Dutch vets and horse owners Menke Steenbergen and Jan Hulsen have drawn on their expertise and wide experience of horse owners to write Horse Signals: a richly illustrated guide on how to interpret the behaviour, posture and physical characteristics of individual animals and groups. When observing horses it is important not to jump to conclusions immediately, but instead always to ask yourself three questions: What do I see? Why has this happened? What does this mean?
Digital signal processing : system analysis and design
Radar target classification by micro-Doppler contributions
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 1, part 1, 2007/08, Maritime radio stations Europe, Africa and Asia (excluding the Far East)
Gay semiotics
Charge-domain sampling of high-frequency signals with embedded filtering
Warning signalling in European vipers and their mimics : implications for conservation of the smooth snake
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 3, part 1, 2010, Maritime safety information services, Europe, Africa and Asia (excuding the Far East)
Mediated sound in performance : contextualization and analysis
Identifying human epithelial architecture genes with tumour suppressor functions
The future of food tourism : foodies, experiences, exclusivity, visions and political capital
Image processing and pattern recognition : fundamentals and techniques
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 3, part 2, 2009/10, Maritime safety information services, The Americas, Far East and Oceania
Digital signal processing in power system protection and control
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 3, part 1, 2009/10, Maritime safety information services, Europe, Africa and Asia (excuding the Far East)
Apoptosis, cell signaling, and human diseases : molecular mechanisms. Volume 1
Horse signals : look, think, act
Biometric verification of a subject based on data mining of saccade eye movement signals
Detection of physiological events from biomedical signals originating from facial landmarks
Measurement application for injector solenoid : measurement application for an injector solenoid in the Wärtsilä 46CR engine
Role of Gli3 during intramembranous calvarial bone development
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 6, part 1, 2005/06, Pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations, United Kingdom and Ireland (including European channel ports)
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 1, part 1, 2008/09, Maritime radio stations, Europe, Africa and Asia (excuding the Far East)
Signals and systems : fundamentals
Studies on high speed uplink packet access performance enhancements
Introduction to wavelets and wavelet transformers : a primer
"Thinking out of the box" : weak signals and wild cards for European regions
NF-[kappa] B : a network hub controlling immunity, inflammation, and cancer : a subject collection from Cold Spring Harbor perspectives in biology
The trend management toolkit : a practical guide to the future
Sphingolipid-mediated regulation of cellular calcium signaling and survival
The role of mitogen activated protein kinase signaling in Fas receptor-mediated apoptosis
Synthesis and application of orthogonal signal bases possessing enhanced time-frequency localization for mobile wireless networks
Introduction to  Signaling Systems 7 (SS7 ) : SSP, SCP, STP, and SS7 protocol Layers Operation
Single molecule dynamics in life sciences
Artificial vision : image description, recognition and communication
Genome-wide regulation of glucocorticoid signaling by SUMO modifications
Digital signal processsing using MATLAB for students and researchers
Signal analysis : wavelets, filter banks, time-frequency transforms and applications
Trends as a concrete help of futures thinking for organizations : how could trends become understood and utilized better?
Increasing flexibility by environment scanning of the early signs of change in the complex environment
Applying Hilbert-Huang transform to mismatch negativity
Phage display selection of antibody fragments targeted to VEGFR-3 dimerization domain
Structure and function in cell signalling
Handbook of cell signaling
Information and communication support for crisis prevention and management : preparation for the 7th framework of the European Union ; editors: Jorma Kajava ... [et al.]
Signal processing algorithms for FFT-based GNSS receivers
This book is devoted to the application of advanced signal processing on event-related potentials (ERPs) in the context of electroencephalography (EEG) for the cognitive neuroscience. ERPs are usually produced through averaging single-trials of preprocessed EEG, and then, the interpretation of underlying brain activities is based on the ordinarily averaged EEG. We find that randomly fluctuating activities and artifacts can still present in the averaged EEG data, and that constant brain activities over single trials can overlap with each other in time, frequency and spatial domains. Therefore, before interpretation, it will be beneficial to further separate the averaged EEG into individual brain activities. The book proposes systematic approaches pre-process wavelet transform (WT), independent component analysis (ICA), and nonnegative tensor factorization (NTF) to filter averaged EEG in time, frequency and space domains to sequentially and simultaneously obtain the pure ERP of interest. Software of the proposed approaches will be open-accessed.
Synthesis and application of orthogonal signal bases possessing enhanced timefrequency localization for mobile wireless networks
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 6, part 2, 2005/06, Pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations, Europe (excluding UK, Ireland, Channel Ports and Mediterranean)
GNSS receivers for weak signals
Unsupervised Signal Processing : Channel Equalization and Source Separation
Signals and boundaries : building blocks for complex adaptive systems
The HBR list : breakthrough ideas for 2009.
Positive human tacit signal approach and competence system intelligence in organization
Joint time-frequency analysis : methods and applications
Peripheral vision : detecting the weak signals that will make or break your company
The Third International Crisis Management Workshop CriM'2007 : September 20-21, 2007
Recurrence network analysis of EEG signals : a geometric approach
Proceedings : 2005 finnish signal processing symposium
Variation in life-history traits and behaviour among wolf spider (Hygrolycosa rubrofasciata) populations
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume1, part 1, 2005/06, Maritime radio stations Europe, Africa and Asia (excluding the Far East)
Micromotion compensation and a neural recording and stimulation system for electrophysiological measurements
New methods for vectorcardiographic signal processing
Fundamentals of digital signal processing
Advanced signal processing on brain event-related potentials : filtering ERPs in time, frequency and space domains sequentially and simultaneously
Contributions to positioning methods on low-cost devices
EEG-based depth of anesthesia measurement:separating the effects of propofol and remifentanil
Characterization of signalling pathways in cardiac hypertrophic response
Low-Noise Amplification and Frequency Conversion with a Multiport Microwave Optomechanical Device
Admiralty list of radio signals. Vol. 6(3), NP286(3), Pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations : Mediterranean Sea, Black Sea, Red Sea and Africa
Lipid oxidation and nitration products as activators of cytoprotective Nrf2 signaling in the endothelium
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 3, part 2, 2010/11, Maritime safety information services, The Americas, Far East and Oceania
Make a signal!
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 6, part 1, 2011/12, Pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations : United Kingdom and Europe (excluding Arctic, Baltic and Mediterranean coasts)
Lipid-mediated signaling
The extracellular regulation of bone morphogenetic proteins in Drosophila and sawfly wing
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 1(2), part 2, 2008/09, Maritime radio stations, The Americas, Far East and Oceania
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 6, part 3, NP 286(3) 2011/12, Pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations, Mediterranean Sea, Black Sea, Red Sea and Africa
Input designs for identification of ill-conditioned multivariable systems
Iterative detection, decoding, and channel estimation in MIMO-OFDM
Resting state brain networks in young people with familial risk for psychosis
Complex adaptive systems (cas), including ecosystems, governments, biological cells, and markets, are characterized by intricate hierarchical arrangements of boundaries and signals. In ecosystems, for example, niches act as semi-permeable boundaries, and smells and visual patterns serve as signals; governments have departmental hierarchies with memoranda acting as signals; and so it is with other cas. Despite a wealth of data and descriptions concerning different cas, there remain many unanswered questions about "steering" these systems. In Signals and Boundaries, John Holland argues that understanding the origin of the intricate signal/border hierarchies of these systems is the key to answering such questions. He develops an overarching framework for comparing and steering cas through the mechanisms that generate their signal/boundary hierarchies. Holland lays out a path for developing the framework that emphasizes agents, niches, theory, and mathematical models. He discusses, among other topics, theory construction; signal-processing agents; networks as representations of signal/boundary interaction; adaptation; recombination and reproduction; the use of tagged urn models (adapted from elementary probability theory) to represent boundary hierarchies; finitely generated systems as a way to tie the models examined into a single framework; the framework itself, illustrated by a simple finitely generated version of the development of a multi-celled organism; and Markov processes.
Principles of adaptive filters and self-learning systems
EEG-based depth of anesthesia measurement : separating the effects of propofol and remifentanil
Syndecan-3 in neural plasticity from cell surface interactions to cytoskeletal regulation
Test bench solutions for advanced GNSS receivers : implementation, automation, and application
Linear models and approximations in personal positioning
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 6, part 3, 2005/06, Pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations, Mediterranean and Africa (including Persian Gulf)
Space-time constellation and precoder design under channel estimation errors
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 6, part 1, 2002/03, Pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations : United Kingdom and Ireland (including European Channel ports)
Interactions between sphingosine 1-phosphate and vascular endothelial growth factor signaling in thyroid carcinoma cells
Admiralty list of radio signals. Volume 5, NP 285, 2009/10, Global Maritime distress and safety system (GMDSS)
The international code of signals for the use of all nations
