http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25748 linear models
linear models
Multivariate statistical modelling based on generalized linear models
Applied regression including computing and graphics
Applied linear statistical models
Introduction to linear models and statistical inference
Modeling count data
Introductory management science
Modelling the abundance and temporal variation in the production of bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus L.) in Finnish mineral soil forests
Variable selection in generalized linear models
Mixed models : theory and applications with R
Models for discrete data
Interior point approach to linear, quadratic and convex programming : algorithms and complexity
Optimal designs in random coefficient linear regression models
Integer programming and network models
New testing and estimating procedures for unbalanced mixed linear models
Multilevel linear mixed model for tree diameter increment in stone pine (Pinus pinea) : a calibrating approach
Spatial growth model for Scots pine on drained peatland
Generalized linear models ; unified approach
"This book presents an overview of the foundations and the key ideas and results of linear and generalized linear models under one cover. Written by a prolific academic, researcher, and textbook writer, Foundations of Linear and Generalized Linear Models is soon to become the gold standard by which all existing textbooks on the topic will be compared. While the emphasis is clearly and succinctly on theoretical underpinnings, applications in "R" are presented when they help to elucidate the content or promote practical model building. Each chapter contains approximately 15-20 exercises, primarily for readers to practice and extend the theory, but, also to assimilate the ideas by doing some data analysis. The carefully crafted models and examples convey basic concepts and do not get mired down in non-trivial considerations. An author-maintained web site includes, among other numerous pedagogical supplements, analyses that parallel the "R" routines from the book in SAS, SPSS and Stata"--
Distance optimality design criterion in linear models
Applying generalized linear models
Linear mixed models in practice : a SAS-oriented approach
Log-linear modeling : concepts, interpretation, and application
An evolutionary approach to solving linear decision models
Fractional factorial plans
On modelling and stability of axially moving viscoelastic materials
Short-memory linear processes and econometric applications
Extending the linear model with R : generalized linear, mixed effects and nonparametric regression models
A survey of statistical design and linear models
Advanced linear models : theory and applications
This book examines Stata's treatment of generalized linear mixed models, also known as multilevel or hierarchical models. These models are "mixed" because they allow fixed and random effects, and they are "generalized" because they are appropriate for continuous Gaussian responses as well as binary, count, and other types of limited dependent variables. Volume I covers continuous Gaussian linear mixed models and has nine chapters. The chapters are organized in four parts. Volume II discusses generalized linear mixed models for binary, categorical, count, and survival outcomes.
Operations research : an introduction
The theory of linear models and multivariate analysis
Planning the management of a combined forestry and agricultural firm
Modelling the functioning of experimental soil food webs
Plane answers to complex questions : the theory of linear models
Basis for optimal product mix in a mechanical wood processing firm : a case study of IFLOMA, Mozambique
Generalized linear mixed models : modern concepts, methods and applications
Matrix algebra for linear models
"Over the past ten years, there have been many important advances in log-linear modeling, including the specification of new models, in particular non-standard models, and their relationships to methods such as Rasch modeling. While most literature on the topic is contained in volumes aimed at advanced statisticians, Applied Log-Linear Modeling presents the topic in an accessible style that is customized for applied researchers who utilize log-linear modeling in the social sciences. The book begins by providing readers with a foundation on the basics of log-linear modeling, introducing decomposing effects in cross-tabulations and goodness-of-fit tests. Popular hierarchical log-linear models are illustrated using empirical data examples, and odds ratio analysis is discussed as an interesting method of analysis of cross-tabulations. Next, readers are introduced to the design matrix approach to log-linear modeling, presenting various forms of coding (effects coding, dummy coding, Helmert contrasts etc.) and the characteristics of design matrices. The book goes on to explore non-hierarchical and nonstandard log-linear models, outlining ten nonstandard log-linear models (including nonstandard nested models, models with quantitative factors, logit models, and log-linear Rasch models) as well as special topics and applications. A brief discussion of sampling schemes is also provided along with a selection of useful methods of chi-square decomposition. Additional topics of coverage include models of marginal homogeneity, rater agreement, methods to test hypotheses about differences in associations across subgroup, the relationship between log-linear modeling to logistic regression, and reduced designs. Throughout the book, Computer Applications chapters feature SYSTAT, Lem, and R illustrations of the previous chapter's material, utilizing empirical data examples to demonstrate the relevance of the topics in modern research"--
Multilevel and longitudinal modeling using Stata. Vol. II, Categorical responses, counts, and survival
Growth curves
Regression : models, methods and applications
Formulas useful for linear regression analysis and related matrix theory : it's only formulas but we like them
An economic evaluation of tillage systems for some European grain producers
Multivariate generalized linear mixed models using R
Nonlinear regression
"Designed for graduate students and researchers in the behavioral, social, health, and medical sciences, this text employs generalized linear models, including mixed models, for categorical and limited dependent variables. Categorical variables include both nominal and ordinal variables. Discrete or continuous limited dependent variables have restricted support, whether through censorship or truncation or by their nature. The book incorporates examples of truncated counts, censored continuous variables, and doubly bounded continuous variables, such as percentages. "--
Effects of ergonomic intervention on the improvement of low-back disorders, perceived health status and overall working ability among kitchen staff : one year follow-up study
Linear mixed-effects models using R : a step-by-step approach
"This book presents an overview of the foundations and the key ideas and results of linear and generalized linear models under one cover"--
Linear statistical models
Estimation under a general partitioned linear model
Multiple criteria analysis for agricultural decisions
Two matrix-based proofs that the linear estimator Gy is the best linear unbiased estimator
Linear models : least squares and alternatives
Introduction to matrix theory : with applications to business and economics
Foundations of linear and generalized linear models
Fundamental Mathematics and Physics of Medical Imaging
Applied linear regression
Statistical tests for mixed linear models
Generalized, linear, and mixed models
"This entry-level text offers clear and concise guidelines on how to select, construct, interpret, and evaluate count data. Written for researchers with little or no background in advanced statistics, the book presents treatments of all major models using numerous tables, insets, and detailed modeling suggestions. It begins by demonstrating the fundamentals of linear regression and works up to an analysis of the Poisson and negative binomial models, and to the problem of overdispersion. Examples in Stata, R, and SAS code enable readers to adapt models for their own purposes, making the text an ideal resource for researchers working in public health, ecology, econometrics, transportation, and other related fields"--
Some comments on "Simple forms of the best linear unbiased predictor in the general linear regression model" by Silvia N. Elian
Some matrix results related to a deletion of an observation in a singular linear model
Surveys in economic dynamics
Statistical learning with sparsity : the lasso and generalizations
Polypore species richness and forest habitat characteristics in Pallas-Yllästunturi National Park in Finland : modelling the relationships
Generalized linear model with Pearson System of Distributions
Theory and application of the linear model
An introduction to linear statistical models. Volume 1
Signals and linear systems
Hierarchical linear models, contextual analysis and an application to Swedish election data
Multilevel and longitudinal modeling using Stata
Linear algebra and linear models
Results on linear models in cryptography
Dropout-based Support Vectors Regularization
"This book is devoted to dependent variables other than those for which linear regression is appropriate. The authors argue that such dependent variables are, if anything, more common throughout the human sciences than the kind that suit linear regression. Presenting a broader but unified coverage in which the authors attempt to integrate concepts and ideas shared across models and types of data broader but unified coverage in which we attempt to integrate the concepts and ideas shared across models and types of data, especially regarding conceptual links between discrete and continuous limited dependent variables"--
Generalized linear models
Applied regression analysis and generalized linear models
Optimal design in linear regression models
Applied nonlinear analysis
Influence of local factors and time-varying parameters on total costs of timber procurement
The aim of this book is an applied and unified introduction into parametric, non- and semiparametric regression that closes the gap between theory and application. The most important models and methods in regression are presented on a solid formal basis, and their appropriate application is shown through many real data examples and case studies. Availability of (user-friendly) software has been a major criterion for the methods selected and presented. Thus, the book primarily targets an audience that includes students, teachers and practitioners in social, economic, and life sciences, as well as students and teachers in statistics programs, and mathematicians and computer scientists with interests in statistical modeling and data analysis. It is written on an intermediate mathematical level and assumes only knowledge of basic probability, calculus, and statistics. The most important definitions and statements are concisely summarized in boxes. Two appendices describe required matrix algebra, as well as elements of probability calculus and statistical inference.
Linear statistical models and related methods : with applications to social research
Methods and applications of linear models : regression and the analysis of variance
Some further results related to reduced singular linear models
Analysis of agricultural energy systems
Optimal designs in linear regression models
An introduction to generalized linear models
Dynamic linear models with R
On two-sided controls of a linear diffusion
Measurement error in nonlinear models
Generalized linear models for categorical and continuous limited dependent variables
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Linear programming. 2, Theory and extensions
