http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25702 ancient cities
ancient cities
Lost cities : 50 discoveries in world archaeology
Early urbanism on the Syrian Euphrates
Excavations at Helgö. 8, The ancient monument
Excavations at Helgö. 5:1, Workshop : 2
A dream of ice
Taxila : an illustrated account of archaeological excavations carried out at Taxila under the orders of the Government of India between the Years 1913 and 1934
Otyrar alqaby: Küjìk-Mardan, Altyntöbe, Žalpaqtoöbe qala žu̇rty = Gorodiŝa Kuik-Mardan, Altyntobe i Žalpaktobe = The sites of ancient settlement Kuik-Mardan, Altyntobe and Jalpaktobe
Memphis under the Ptolemies
The city of Akhenaten and Nefertiti : Amarna and its people
Lost world of the golden king : in search of ancient Afghanistan
The cities of the ancient Andes
Rome and environs : an archaeological guide
The sound of seas
How Petra was built : an analysis of the construction techniques of the Nabataean freestanding buildings and rock-cut monuments in Petra, Jordan
The Acrocorinth
Morgantina studies : results of the Princeton university archaeological expedition to Sicily. Vol. 5, The archaic cemeteries
Aarnikotka : keskiaikaa keskellä Turkua = Gripen : medeltid i mitten av Åbo = Griffin : Middle Ages in the middle of Turku
Lepcis Magna : Hunting Baths : building, restoration, promotion
The pterodactyl hunters in the gilded city
The Mongols
Ancient Mycenae : the capital city of Agamemnon
The ruined cities of Iraq
Maya cities
The tomb of Agamemnon
The atlas of lost cities : legendary cities rediscovered
Petra : the pink city of the desert
See inside the ancient world
The Kingdom of Pergamum emerged from the great period of instability which followed the death of Alexander the Great. Over the next century Pergamum was to become one of the wealthiest states in the eastern Mediterranean. The state of Pergamum was incorporated into the Roman Empire between 133/129 BCE and it eventually became Rome's wealthiest province. The whole of Asia Minor suffered in the civil wars which ended the Roman Republic, and Pergamum did not escape the exactions demanded of the Greek cities by Pompey, Caesar and Antony. In the subsequent peace, ushered in by Augustus, Pergamum regained its prosperity and became one of the cultural centres of the Roman Empire. Its ruling dynasty - the Attalids - were patrons of the arts and while in power were responsible for the remarkable embellishment of their capital at Pergamum. Other more ancient cities such as Ephesus and Miletus also benefited from their government. This volume surveys Pergamum's history from the late Third Century BCE to the Second Century CE.
A history of Pergamum : beyond Hellenistic kingship
Mycenae and the Mycenaean age
The Palace of Nestor at Pylos in western Messenia. Vol. 3, Acropolis and lower town : Tholoi, grave circle, and chamber tombs; discoveries outside the citadel
Digging around in Helsinki's past : urban archaeology in cartoons
Rannesrednevekovye drevnosti Severnoj Rusi i ee sosedej = Early medieval antiquities of the Northern Rus and its neighbours
Lost cities of the ancient world
Excavations at Helgö. 4, Workshop 1
Cities of Vesuvius, Pompeii and Herculaneum
Ancient cities of the Indus Valley civilization
Angkor : heart of an Asian empire
The transition to late antiquity : on the Danube and beyond
Development of the urban mind - an object biographical approach : the case study of the town of Tornio, northern Finland
Holy land
From Roman proconsularis to Islamic Ifrīqiyah
Night at the museum
Perperikon : a civilization of the rock people
Eurooppalainen Hansa = The European Hansa
The evolution of urban society : early Mesopotamia and prehispanic Mexico
Excavations at Ficana. Vol. 3, The iron age fortifications
Gyeongju, the heart of Korean culture : a UNESCO World Heritage
The treasures of the Valley of the Kings : tombs and temples of the Theban west bank in Luxor
The workman's progress : studies in the village of Deir el-Medina and other documents from western Thebes in honour of Rob Demarée
America's ancient cities
Excavations at Helgö. 9, Finds, features and functions
The headings of Mary Beard's notes give a taste of this astonishing book: Bad Breath, Intestinal Parasites, Performing Monkeys, One-way Streets, Kosher Food, Water Shortages. The Temple of Isis serves to bring in multiculturalism. The House of the Menander tells how a house worked. At the Suburban Baths we go from communal bathing to hygiene to erotica. 154 writing tablets from the House of Caecilius Jucundus detail the accounts of its owner. A fast-food joint on the Via dell' Abbondanza introduces food and drink and diets and street life. These are just a few of the strands that make up an extraordinary and involving portrait of an ancient town, its life and its continuing re-discovery, by Britain's leading classicist.
Pleasure of ruins
Maya cities : placemaking and urbanization
Monuments of the Incas
Paestum : the city, the prehistoric necropolis in Contaudo Gaudo, the Heraion at the mouth of the Sele
Paestum : the city, the prehistoric necropolis in Contra da Gaudo : the Heraion at the mouth of the Sele
Pathfinder flip-mat : Lost city
Inca town
Dorestad in an international framework : Proceedings of the First 'Dorestad Congress' held at The National Museum of Antiquities Leiden, the Netherlands June 24-27, 2009
Mylasa Labraunda : archaeology and rural architecture in southern Aegean Region = Milas Çomakdağ : Güney Ege Bölgesi'nde arkeoloji ve Kırsal mimari
Pompeii : the life of a Roman town
Delphi and its history
Antiquity recovered : the legacy of Pompeii and Herculaneum
Morche khurt historical castle : the entry gate of Iran's ancient capital
Aleppo : the rise and fall of Syria's great merchant city
Excavations at Helgö. 6, The Mälaren area
Unearthing the past : the great discoveries of archeology from around the world
Mycenaen Greece
Exploring Roman Britain
Meroe : a civilization of the Sudan
