http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25714 aviation sector
aviation sector
Airworld : design and architecture for air travel
The air transport system
Airline marketing and management
The professional pilot's manual
Fatal words : communication clashes and aircraft crashes
Finland's Air Transport Strategy 2015-2030
China airborne : the test of China's future
Aviation industry in Northern Europe : the role of low-cost competition
Risk management and corporate sustainability in aviation
Journeys, landscapes : Finavia at the dawn of a new age
Airlines of the Jet Age : a history
Evolution of international aviation : phoenix rising
Airline economics : an empirical analysis of market structure and competition in the US airline industry
Safety management system in air navigation services and airport operations
"Now in its eighth edition, Air Transportation: A Management Perspective by John Wensveen is a proven textbook that offers a comprehensive introduction to the theory and practice of air transportation management"--Provided by publisher.
Airline profitability and safety
"Designing Future-Oriented Airline Businesses is the eighth Ashgate book by Nawal K. Taneja to address the ongoing challenges and opportunities facing all generations of airlines. Firstly, it challenges and encourages airline managements to take a deeper dive into new ways of doing business. Secondly, it provides a framework for identifying and developing strategies and capabilities, as well as executing them efficiently and effectively, to change the focus from cost reduction to revenue enhancement and from competitive advantage to comparative advantage"-Provided by publisher.
Designing future-oriented airline businesses
"The purpose of this book is twofold. First, it lays out the forces that shaped the international aviation industry and that changed all the rules in the drive for liberalization. Second, it looks at the many interesting and difficult choices ahead that the airline industry in general and the international aviation industry in particular face. These choices include many dichotomies: pulling back from the trend toward liberalization or embracing the liberalization trend, merging in search of profitability or fragmenting the industry in search of economies. These possible futures are explored including the pros and cons of each future from a national, consumer, employer, and employee perspective"--Provided by publisher.
H채mm채stytt채v채 Howard Hughes : The amazing Howard Hughes
Efficiency and competitiveness of international airlines
The economic geography of the tourist industry : a supply-side analysis
General aviation security : aircraft, hangars, fixed-base operations, flight schools, and airports
Air transportation : a management perspective
The impact of EU law on the regulation of international air transportation
