http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25738 art pedagogy
art pedagogy
Painting and drawing in Waldorf Schools : classes 1-8
Circoanalysis : circus, therapy and psychoanalysis
Arts education and beyond
The art museum as educator : a collection of studies as guides to practice and policy
The decorated school : essays on the visual culture of schooling
Computer-aided ear-training : a contemporary approach to Kodály's music educational philosophy
Art education for social justice
Art and social justice education : culture as commons
Alienation in the white cube : an educational perspective on curating
Teaching performance studies
The Spheres of Being project was conducted during the last year of my master studies in the Theatre Academy  (TeaK), and was a result of combining the knowledge from different areas like pedagogy, psychology, medicine  and art, together with personal experiences and observations on human development. The theme of integration  was strongly related to the personal processes that I have gone through during last couple of years. This creative  work on the border of art and therapy gave a scent of beauty and healing to the performers and to the audience.  The artistic project began in September 2013 and was finalized with the premiere on the 15th of January 2014.  The first part of rehearsals was in a form of creative workshop, whereas the second part focused on creating the  performance.  The main idea of The Spheres of Being project was to work on personal stories, changing them into abstract forms;  and by the creative outcome, allow the sub consciousness come into action. Given tasks were to challenge certain  states of being in order to experience transformation and farther the healing. Using different methods like physical  theatre, contact improvisation, butoh; combining voice and breath with movement, working with rhythm and text,  together gave tools for the stage composition.  The major themes of the written work are: separation and isolation as reasons of disconnection on personal and  social level; transformative personal processes toward integrity; and the problem of identity as an important  aspect in the process of becoming whole.  Parallel to these themes connections and relations are the key points for integrative processes. Vulnerability and  the act of trust, which results in decision making of stepping out from the comfort zone to unknown, gives a  chance to experience change and freedom from the self. It also breaks the chains of isolation.  Spheres of Being as an interdisciplinary work, brought different professions, cultures and languages together.  Performers were supposed to break boundaries of their own skills and move beyond them in order to connect with  different art fields.  The Spheres or balls are present on the stage and are the representation of Kierkegaard's philosophy on the  Spheres of Existence. The colours are meaningful in this work. They are following the physical low of RGB model,  representation of additive colour mixing.  This thesis helps to answer the questions: how traumas affect personality toward isolation and separation, and  how the process of transformation usually with an inner struggle and experienced moment of a break through  leads to integration and wholeness.
The Process of drama : negotiating art and meaning
Altered experience in dance/dancing : investigation into the nature of altered experience in dancing and pedagogical support
Another 100 + ideas for drama
Arts for change : teaching outside the frame
Semiotics and visual culture : sights, signs, and significance
In search of a masterpiece : an art lover's guide to Great Britain and Ireland
Living powers : the arts in education
The heart of teaching : empowering students in the performing arts
Museum and gallery education : a manual of good practice
What makes a great exhibition?
Researching drama and arts education : paradigms and possibilities
Development through drama
Art school is at a point of unprecedented popularity both as an enterprise and as an object of critical inquiry. This book examines the complex and often unruly state of art education by focusing on its signature pedagogical form, the assignment. Practical and quixotic in equal parts, the art assignment can resemble a riddle as much as a recipe, and often sounds more like a haiku, or even a joke, than a clear directive. From introductory exercises in perspective drawing to graduate-level experiments in societal transformation, the assignment coalesces ideas about what art is, how it should be taught, and what larger purpose it might, or might not, serve. The book is a written record of an evolving oral tradition. Bringing together hundreds of assignments, anti-assignments, and artworks from both teachers and students from a broad range of institutions, we hope it simultaneously serves as an archive and an instigation, a teaching tool and a question mark, a critique and a tribute.
Debates in art and design education
Aesthetics, empathy and education
Matter matters : art education and material culture studies
Museum and gallery education
Place or space
"Debates in Art and Design Teaching encourages student and practising teachers to engage with contemporary issues and developments in Art and Design teaching and education. It introduces key issues, concepts and tensions in order to help you develop a critical approach and respond to the changing fields of education and visual culture. Accessible, comprehensive chapters will stimulate thinking and understanding in relation to theory and practice, and help you to reach your own informed judgements and argue your point of view with deeper theoretical knowledge and understanding. With contributions from expert teachers and artists, who consider their own experience in a wide range of issues, key debates covered include: - The latest policy and initiatives in primary and secondary art education - The concepts, skills and dispositions that can be developed through art education - Tensions inherent in developing the inclusive Art and Design classroom - Partnerships across the visual arts sector - Creativity in the Art and Design curriculum - Visual art and globalisation - Digital technologies for the art classroom - Effective assessment - Combatting the demise of 'Design'. Debates in Art and Design Teaching is for all student and practising teachers interested in furthering their understanding of this exciting, ever-changing field, and supports teachers in articulating how Art and Design is a vital, engaging and necessary part of the 21st century curriculum. It includes carefully annotated further reading and reflective questions to help shape your own research and writing, and provides an essential introduction to critical thinking and contemporary debate".
Time for drama : a handbook for secondary teachers
"The term 'public pedagogy' is given a variety of definitions and meanings by those who employ it. It is often used without adequately explicating its meaning, its context, or its location within differing and contested articulations of the construct. Problematizing Public Pedagogy brings together renowned and emerging scholars in the field of education to provide a theoretical, methodological, ethical, and practical ground from which other scholars and activists can explore these forms of education. At the same time it increases the viability of the concept of public pedagogy itself. Beyond adding a multifaceted set of critical lenses to the genre of public pedagogy inquiry and theorizing, this volume adds nuance to the broader field of education research overall"--
Disability matters : pedagogy, media and affect
A somatic approach to teaching ballet : ideology and practice
Moving in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance : ways of working and facilitating
Performing arts in the primary school
New practices, new pedagogies : a reader
The world between us - contemporary museums as public spaces : case study : EMMA
Coping with not-knowing by co-confidencing in theatre teacher training : a grounded theory
Teaching photography : tools for the imaging educator
Art and the historic environment
The prosthetic pedagogy of art : embodied research and practice
Organising young people's dramatic practises : a report from a Nordic-Baltic-Russian Educational Theatre Network 1999-2001
Research in drama education
This edited collection draws on the conference, Attending to Movement: Somatic Perspectives on Living in this World, run at C-DaRE, the Centre for Dance Research, Coventry University, 12-14 July, 2013. Somatic practitioners, dance artists and scholars from a wide range of subject domains cross discipline borders and investigate the approaches that embodied thinking and action can offer to philosophical and socio-cultural inquiry. The book celebrates and builds upon the work of visionary dance artist, teacher and scholar Gill Clarke (1954-2011), who championed the value of somatic approaches within and beyond dance education and creative practice.
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Practices of experimentation : research and teaching in the arts today = Praktiken des Experimentierens : Forschung und Lehre in den Künsten heute
Vincent & Theo : brothers in art
International dialogues about visual culture, education and art
Teaching in the art museum : interpretation as experience
The Voces 8 method
The spheres of being as a transformative journey  toward integrity : observations on a personal development within creative process of the performance
Performing Pedagogy examines the theory and practice of performance art as an art of politics. It discusses the different ways in which performance artists use memory and cultural history to critique dominant cultural assumptions, to construct identity, and to attain political agency. In doing so, Garoian argues, performance artists like Rachel Rosenthal, Guillermo Gomez-Pena, Robbie McCauley, Suzanne Lacy, and the performance art collective Goat Island engage in the practice of critical citizenship and radical forms of democracy that have significant implications for teaching in the schools. Finally, Garoian contextualizes performance art pedagogy within his own cultural work to illustrate how his own memory and cultural history have informed his production of performance art works and his classroom teaching practices.
Attending to movement : somatic perspectives on living in this world
Images of imagination : an aesthetic approach to education
Educational encounters : Nordic studies in early childhood didactics
Reflections on the Reggio Emilia approach : a collection of papers
Distancing at close range : investigating the significance of distancing in drama education
Draw it with your eyes closed : the art of the art assignment
The premise of Developing Writing Teachers is this: When teachers of writing identify as writers, it adds a special dimension to their writing pedagogy. Practical and accessible while drawing on a range of relevant research and theory, this text is distinguished by its dual focus—on teachers as writers and the teaching of writing. Part I addresses the question, What does it take for a teacher of writing to develop an identity as writer? Using case studies and teacher narratives, it guides readers to an understanding of the current status of writing as the 21st century unfolds, the role of expressive writing in developing a writing identity, the relationship of writing to genre and rhetoric, writing and professional identity, and writing as design. Part II focuses on pedagogical practice and helping writer-teachers develop a toolkit to take into their classrooms. Coverage includes building a community of writing practice; the nature of writing as process; the place of grammar; the role of information, communication and representational technologies; and how assessment, properly used, can help develop writing. Ideal for for pre-service and in-service courses on the teaching of writing, the Companion Website provides aadditional readings/documents; PowerPoint presentations; assessment resources; and lesson and unit plans and planning guides.
Konstpedagogik = Art education
Exercises for rebel artists : radical performance pedagogy
Mapping the common ground : philosophical perspectives on Finnish music education
Arts, pedagogy and cultural resistance : new materialisms
The National Drama secondary drama teacher's handbook : a practical guide for teachers
Arts approaches to conflict
Konstpedagogiska horisonter = Horizons in arts education
Music, informal learning and the school : a new classroom pedagogy
Real players? : drama, technology and education
Developing number sense through imagery : an intuitive approach for children
Arts-based research : a critique and a proposal
Dance education around the world : perspectives on dance, young, people and change
Early Interaction in Kiasma's Babies Play with Colour Workshops : A Survey on Parents' Perceptions
Angels, ghosts & cannibals : essays on art education and visual culture
The Sage handbook of performance studies
Art, equality and learning : pedagogies against the state
Painting in Waldorf education
Through you : a story about the evolution of a continuous practice
A teachers resource handbook : getting assessement right : drama
The claims of feeling : readings in aesthetic education
The art gallery handbook : a resource for teachers
Performing pedagogy : toward an art of politics
A trip to the Orsay Museum
Abstract.
Conversations on Finnish art education
Thinking through the arts
Developing writing teachers : practical ways for teacher-writers to transform their classroom practice
Visual media! : at the crossroads of media and art education
Beyond disciplines : an action research investigating how to plan, implement and reflect on an interdisciplinary unit with visual arts and physical education
The silenced complexity of architectural design studio tradition : pedagogy, epistemology and the question of power
Curating and the educational turn
The Montessori elementary material
Artist-Teachers in Context ; International Dialogues
Voices for tomorrow : Sixth International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Educating through art : the Steiner school approach
Drama in three movements : a Ulyssean encounter
In this research I'm moving and exploring in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance. The  research is structured by choosing one performance which functions as a documented snippet of an ongoing interdisciplinary  improvisation practice and is a vehicle to analyse what sort of skills and knowledge enable and are  developed in that specific ongoing practice. I map out the validity of those skills and knowledge in relationship to  a dancer's know-how in a new paradigm of performing arts, as well as how to facilitate them and what sort of  philosophical and ethical notions and issues arise in such a facilitation process. The mode of this thesis is practicebased  art-pedagogical research.  I'm proposing that the skills and knowledge that enable inter-disciplinary improvisation, and that are  simultaneously developed in the practice, are a dancer's self–reflection and decision making process; a dancer's  own research and awareness of senses and perceptions; the awareness of interaction of performer(s) and audience  during a performance situation and the collaborative approaches towards learning and creating artistic work.  These skills and knowledge share similar terrain with the skills and knowledge of a dancer in a new paradigm of  performing arts, including the new paradigm of contemporary dance, defined by a performative shift.  In addition to these, what can be specifically drawn from inter-disciplinary improvisation practice is a dancer's  awareness of her/his inherent concepts that frame her/his perception in working situations, as well as discipline  specific inherent working practices and terminology that are taken as a given, yet come up for discussion and  reflection through inter-disciplinary work.  I'm proposing that these skills and knowledge can be facilitated and developed through dialogical and critical  pedagogical approaches that take in consideration notions of freedom, responsibility, artistic ownership, artistic  integrity, as well as a notion of wider socio-political landscapes that the work exists in.  In terms of practice based working methods that can facilitate this sort of skills and knowledge, there are many  routes. One possible way are the inter-disciplinary working methods introduced in this thesis, that emphasize  action-research based working cycles, working collaboratively both within a group, as well as in co-facilitating and  approaching a facilitation process as a not-yet-known situation. This mode of working approaches a teacher as an  active researcher and facilitator, who also engages in a process of self-reflection and dialogue.
Ohi katsova prelaatti : näkökohtia Sinebrychoffin taidemuseon renessanssimuotokuvaan = The prelate looks sideways : new light on a Renaissance portrait at the Sinebrychoff Art Museum
Children, art, artists : the expressive languages of children, the artistic language of Alberto Burri
