http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25782 conceptions of death
conceptions of death
The undiscovered country : journeys among the dead
Death as an enemy, according to ancient Egyptian conceptions
Ultimate ambiguities : investigating death and liminality
North Arabian Bedouin's conception of the beyond
The end and beyond : medieval Irish eschatology. Volume 1
What awaits us beyond the grave is perhaps the fundamental human mystery. Visionary accounts of the afterlife are attested long before the Common Era, and loomed large in the imaginative universe of early Christianity. The medieval Irish inherited and further transformed this tradition, producing vivid eschatological narratives which had a profound impact throughout Europe as well as being works of remarkable literary and spiritual power in their own right. Under the headings 'Soul and Body', 'The Seven Heavens', 'The Next World', and 'The Judgement and its Signs', this book presents critical editions, with translation and commentary, of 26 eschatological texts from the Old, Middle, and Early Modern Irish periods, together with related material in Latin and Old English. Some of these works are here edited for the first time. Extended essays survey Irish eschatological literature a whole, and place it in its wider context; and the volume concludes with a comprehensive handlist of Irish eschatological compositions.
Infinity : journey beyond death
The end and beyond : medieval Irish eschatology. Volume 2
Sayings of the ancestors : the spiritual life of the Sibundoy Indians
The dance of death exhibited in elegant engravings on wood : with a dissertation on the several representations of that subject but more particularly on those ascribed to Macaber and Hans Holbein
"A running stream they dare na cross"
Death and bereavement : the psychological religious and cultural interfaces
Shamanic odyssey : the Lushootseed Salish journey to the land of the dead
The ancient Egyptian books of the afterlife
A psychocultural study of loss and death among the Toraja
Books of the dead : manuals for living and dying
Sociology and psychology : essays
The power of death : contemporary reflections on death in western society
The English dance of death : from the designs of Thomas Rowlandson, with metrical illustrations
Lives in motion : composing circles of self and community in Japan
Descent into the underworld
The new golden bough : a new abridgment of the classic work
The journey to the other world
Confronting death : values, institutions, and human mortality
Practicing the afterlife : perspectives from Japan
Culture and behavior : collected essays of Clyde Kluckhohn
Medieval death : ritual and representation
Egyptian religion : ideas of the afterlife in ancient Egypt
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 2, Taboo and the perils of the soul
#What Is A Near Death Experience?
The accursed share : an essay on general economy. Vol. 2, Vol.3, The history of eroticism (Vol. 2), Sovereignty (Vol.3)
Death customs : an analytical study of burial rites
This world, other worlds : sickness, suicide, death, and the afterlife among the Vaqueiros de Alzada of Spain
Myth, cosmos, and society : Indo-European themes of creation and destruction
Comparative religion : an introductory and historical study
Zulu thought-patterns and symbolism
On the meaning of death : essays on mortuary rituals and eschatological beliefs
Magic, science and religion and other essays
When we die : the science, culture and rituals of death
Death and art Europe 1200-1530
Death, ecstasy, and other worldly journeys
Chinese death rituals in Singapore
The illustrated Egyptian book of the dead
Cultural studies on death and dying in Scandinavia
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 7, 1, Balder the beautiful : the fire-festivals of Europe and the doctrine of the external soul
Symposia : journal for studies in ethnology and anthropology. 2004
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 7, Balder the beautiful : the fire-festivals of Europe and the doctrine of the external soul
Death in the Victorian family
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part VII, vol. I, Balder the beautiful : the fire-festivals of Europe and the doctrine of the external soul
The belief in immortality and the worship of the dead. Vol. 1, The belief among the Aborigines of Australia, the Torres Straits Islands, New Guinea and Melanesia
The social life of dreams : a thousand years of negotiated meanings in Iceland
Death and loss : compassionate approaches in the classroom
The hidden history of the Tibetan book of the dead
Books of the dead : manuals for living and dying : with 148 illustrations, 16 in colour
The world of the first Australians : aboriginal traditional life : past and present
Afterlife : a history of life after death
Life after death : a study of the afterlife in world religions
Mors Britannica : lifestyle and death-style in Britain today
The belief in immortality and the worship of the dead. Vol. 2, The belief among the Polynesians
Death in world religions : human responses to the inevitable
Death and the regeneration of life
"Isis belongs to your image..." : the idea and the purport of the image in the 5th hour of the Amduat : a tribute to Jan Bergman on the occasion of his 65th birthday
Death, ritual and belief : the rhetoric of funerary rites
Buried soul : how humans invented death
Muslims ritualising death in the Netherlands : death rites in a small town context
Death in Banaras
Perceptions of worldviews
Ethnophilosophical and ethnolinguistic perspectives on the Huron Indian soul
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 7, 2, Balder the beautiful : the fire-festivals of Europe and the doctrine of the external soul
Death and bereavement across cultures
The hour of our death
Mythic images and shamanism : a perspective on Kalevala poetry
On our way : the final passage through life and death
Death and the invisible powers : the world of Kongo belief
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 4, Adonis Attis Osiris : studies in the history of Oriental religion
Religious encounters with death : insights from the history and anthropology of religions
Masters of animals : oral traditions of the Tolupan Indians, Honduras
Beyond death : the gates of consciousness
Shamans and cultures : [regional aspects of shamanism]
Amerindian rebirth : reincarnation belief among North American Indians and Inuit
Sad isn't bad : a good-grief guidebook for kids dealing with loss
The Oxford handbook of philosophy of death
The belief in immortality and the worship of the dead. Vol. 3, The belief among the Micronesians
Continuing bonds in Finnish bereavement narratives
Dialogues with the dead : the discussion of mortality among the Sora of eastern India
The natural history of the soul in ancient Mexico
In gratitude
The book of the dead : the Papyrus of Ani in the British Museum : the Egyptian text with interlinear transliteration and translation, a running translation, introduction, etc
The Tibetan book of living and dying
The belief in immortality and the worship of the dead. Vol. I, The belief among the aborigines of Australia, the Torres Straits islands, New Guinea and Melanesia
Shinto : origins, rituals, festivals, spirits, sacred places
The dance of death : painted by H. Holbein, and engraved by W. Hollar [the introduction and description of the plates by Francis Douce]. The daunce of Machabree: wherein is lively expressed and shewed the state of manne, ... made [or rather tr.] by Dan John Lydgate [with an introduction by Frances Douce]
Death in the Middle Ages
Psychology and the East
Bodies of vital matter : notions of life force and transcendence in traditional southern Italy
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 3, The dying god
Encyclopedia of afterlife beliefs and phenomena
Explorations in the anthropology of religion : essays in honour of Jan van Baal
The North American Indian Orpheus tradition : a contribution to comparative religion
Man, God and immortality : thoughts on human progress
The development of a concept of death in selected groups of Mexican American and Anglo American children
