http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25713 dependence grammar
dependence grammar
Interdependence : biology and beyond
Case, valency and transitivity
Dependenz und Valenz : ein internationales Handbuch der zeitgenössischen Forschung = Dependency and valency : an international handbook of contemporary research. Vol. 2
Dependenz und Valenz : Ein internationales Handbuch der zeitgenössischen Forschung = Dependency and valency : An international handbook of contemporary research. Vol. 1
Experimental syntax and island effects
Explorations in dependency phonology
Theoretical foundations of dependency syntax
Changing valency : case studies in transitivity
Evaluating FUNDPL : a dependency parsing formalism for Finnish
Reconnecting language : morphology and syntax in functional perspectives
Inductive dependency parsing
An introduction to word grammar
A dependency parser for English
Coherence : a dependency grammar analysis
A hierarchy of mildly context-sensitive dependency grammars
Local modelling of non-local dependencies in syntax
Bank of English and beyond : hand-crafted parsers for functional annotation
A valency dictionary of English : a corpus-based analysis of the complementation patterns of English verbs, nouns and adjectives
The syntax of infinite forms
"From biology to economics to information theory, the theme of interdependence is in the air, framing our experiences of all sorts of everyday phenomena. Indeed, the network may be the ascendant metaphor of our time. Yet precisely because the language of interdependence has become so commonplace as to be almost banal, we miss some of its most surprising and far-reaching implications"--
This volume brings together cutting-edge experimental research from leaders in the fields of linguistics and psycholinguistics to explore the nature of a phenomenon that has long been central to syntactic theory - 'island effects'. The chapters in this volume draw upon recent methodological advances in experimental methods in syntax, also known as 'experimental syntax', to investigate the underlying cognitive mechanisms that give rise to island effects. This volume presents a comprehensive empirical review of a contemporary debate in the field by including contributions from researchers representing a variety of points of view on the nature of island effects. This book is ideal for students and researchers interested in cutting-edge experimental techniques in linguistics, psycholinguistics and psychology.
