http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25758 Ubuntu
Ubuntu
Ubuntu is a free operating system that emphasises community support and ease of use. This guide teaches you how to install and customise Ubuntu for your home or small business. Its open source power can be used in schools, government, or by companies, and is suitable for both desktop and server use
Ubuntu Linux toolbox : 1000+ commands for Ubuntu and Debian power users
Ubuntu : Ubuntu 12.04 LTS Server Edition
Linux bible 2010 edition : boot up to Ubuntu, Fedora, KNOPPIX, Debian, openSUSE, and 13 other distributions
This book educates whilst also challenging the contemporary schools of thought within philosophical and religious ethics. In addition, it underlines the fact that the substance of ethics in general and bioethics/healthcare ethics specifically, is much more expansive and inclusive than is usually thought. Bioethics is a relatively new academic discipline. However, ethics has existed informally since before the time of Hippocrates. The indigenous culture of African peoples has an ethical worldview which predates the western discourse. This indigenous ethical worldview has been orally transmitted over centuries. The earliest known written African text containing some concepts and content of ethics is the Declaration of Innocence written in 1500 B.C., found in an Egyptian text. Ubuntu is an example of African culture that presents an ethical worldview. This work interprets the culture of Ubuntu to explain the contribution of a representative indigenous African ethics to global bioethics. Many modern scholars have written about the meaning of Ubuntu for African societies over centuries. Some scholars have viewed Ubuntu as the greatest contribution of African cultures to other world cultures. None of the scholars, however has explored the culture of Ubuntu as providing a representative indigenous ethics that can contribute to global bioethics as discussed in this book.
Ubuntu 14.04 : LTS Server edition
Official Ubuntu book
Ubuntu unleashed 2008 edition
Beginning Ubuntu Linux : from novice to professional
Ubuntu Linux desktop : your visual blueprint to using the Linux operating system
Ubuntu. 8.04 LTS Desktop edition (64-bit)
Linux® bible : boot up to Ubuntu®, Fedora®, KNOPPIX, Debian®, SUSE®, and 13 other distributions
Beginning Ubuntu LTS Server Administration
Ubuntu server administration : an overview of system management tools
Ubuntu unleashed : 2012 edition: covering 11.10 and 12.04
Reconciliation : the Ubuntu theology of Desmond Tutu
Ubuntu unleashed
Linux bible : 2008 edition : boot up to Ubuntu, Fedora, KNOPPIX, Debian, openSUSE, and 11 other distributions
Beginning Ubuntu Server administration : from novice to professional
Ubuntu 14.04 LTS : Desktop edition
African indigenous ethics in global bioethics : interpreting Ubuntu
Linux bible 2011 edition : boot up to Ubuntu, Fedora, KNOPPIX, Debian, openSUSE, and 13 other distributions
Ubuntu Linux for dummies
Ubuntu unleashed : 2010 edition : covering 9.10 and 10.4
Setting up Linux based network system
Beginning Ubuntu LTS server administration : from novice to professional
Linux bible : 2009 edition : boot up to Ubuntu, Fedora, KNOPPIX, Debian, SUSE, and 13 other distributions
Ubuntu. 10.10 Desktop edition
Ubuntu. 10.04 LTS Desktop edition
Understanding organizational leadership through Ubuntu
The official Ubuntu book
Ubuntu made easy : a project-based introduction to Linux
Network your computers & devices: step by step
A guide to Ubuntu Linux covers such topics as installation, hardware components, the BASH shell, multimedia, office tasks, software instllation and removal, and data backup.
Ubuntu Linux : 100 success secrets, tips, tricks, hints and hacks toolbox and practical guide
The official Ubuntu server book
The official ubuntu book
Ubuntu : up and running
How to do everything : ubuntu
"Ubuntu is a complete, free operating system that emphasizes community, support, and ease of use without compromising speed, power, or flexibility. It's Linux for human beings—designed for everyone from computer novices to experts. Ubuntu 7.04 (a.k.a., "Feisty Fawn") is the latest release—more powerful, more flexible, and friendlier than ever. The Official Ubuntu Book, Second Edition, will get you up and running quickly. Written by expert leading Ubuntu community members, this book covers all you need to know to make the most of Ubuntu 7.04, whether you're a home user, small business user, server administrator, or programmer. The authors cover Ubuntu 7.04 from start to finish: installation, configuration, desktop productivity, games, management, support, and much more. Among the many new topics covered in this edition: Ubuntu's expanded multimedia functionality and Edubuntu offerings geared for schools and educational settings. The Official Ubuntu Book, Second Edition, covers standard desktop applications, from word processing, spreadsheets, Web browsing, e-mail, instant messaging, music, video, and games to software development, databases, and server applications. In addition, you'll: learn how to customize Ubuntu for home, small business, school, government, and enterprise environments, learn how to quickly update Ubuntu to new release versions with uppgrated applications, find up-to-the-minute troubleshooting advice from Ubuntu users worldwide from forums and other means to get the help you need quickly, learn Ubuntu Server installation and administration, including LVM and RAID implementation, learn how to use Ubuntu One to buy legal music from your favorite artists and how to use cloud storage to back up or share your important files, learn how you can be a part of the community that creates Ubuntu."
Ubuntu 7.10 Linux unleashed
Ubuntu kung fu : tips, tricks, hints, and hacks
