http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25710 classes
classes
Use of Humor in Multicultural Classroom
Scaffolded assistance provided by an EFL teacher during whole-class interaction
Take six girls : the lives of the Mitford sisters
Heartless
Not quite a wife
With Mare powerless as a prisoner of Maven Calore, the boy she once loved, her rebel Reds continue to organize and train as they prepare for war, while exiled prince Cal sets out to rescue Maven from captivity.
Intergenerational class mobility in post-war Japan
Social change in a dry village in South India : an interim report
"Drawing on their wide experience as CLIL educators and researchers, the authors explore data collected in real CLIL classrooms from two interrelated perspectives: the CLIL classroom as an interactional context for developing language and content, and the genres and registers through which the meanings of the different academic subjects are enacted. From the analysis of this corpus of data, the authors provide a rich description of how CLIL students' language works and may be expected to develop"--
Teacher Language and Student Learning enables teachers to observe their actions and ask, "Do I know how children perceive my behaviors?" It also helps them to understand reasons for children's responses to their words and actions. Teachers' behaviors are categorized in vignettes, and readers determine where they fit and what changes ought to be made for their teaching practices to be more effective.
Labour supply and population cohorts: impact of the business cycle on labour market attachment
Teaching skills for dummies
Language choice in EFL teaching : student teachers' perceptions
Different student-strategies for interactional power in the IRF pattern in an EFL classroom
Brave new world
The age of innocence
Words matter : teacher language and student learning
Class in Jane Austen's novels
Classes and cultures : England, 1918-1951
Transforming behaviour in the classroom : a solution-focused guide for new teachers
As teachers around the world deal with the challenges of inclusive education, they must endeavour to find effective ways of enhancing their classroom teaching methods. What Really Works in Special and Inclusive Education presents special educational needs teachers with a range of evidence-based strategies they can immediately put into practice in their classrooms. This unique book will be invaluable to any teacher in the field with neither the time nor the inclination to engage with theory-heavy research, but with a desire to ensure that their teaching strategies are up-to-the-minute and proven to be the most effective best practices. Each of the 26 strategies that this book comprises has a substantial research base, a strong theoretical rationale and clear guidelines on their implementation, as well as cautionary advice where necessary. In this new second edition, David Mitchell, a leading writer in special and inclusive education, continues to break new ground with revised and updated strategies based on evidence from the most recent studies in the field. From the myriad of related research available, only those studies with genuine potential for improving the practices of teachers and schools have been included, with the aim of facilitating practitioners in providing high-quality learning and social outcomes for all. Updates to this new edition include: An even wider international focus, including evidence drawn from the Far East New chapters on Response to Intervention, School-wide strategies, and the Finnish Education System A new companion website, with extra case studies and links to further reading, journal articles and video For anyone with a vocational or academic interest in evidence-based special educational needs teaching strategies – whether student or qualified classroom teacher, teacher trainer, educational psychologist, special needs coordinator, consultant or researcher – this book will be essential reading.
Vance, a former marine and Yale Law School graduate, provides an account of growing up in a poor Rust Belt town that offers a broader, probing look at the struggles of America's white working class. The decline of this group, a demographic of our country that has been slowly disintegrating over forty years, has been reported on with growing frequency and alarm. J. D. Vance tells the true story of what a social, regional, and class decline feels like when you were born with it hung around your neck. The Vance family story begins hopefully in postwar America. J. D.'s grandparents were "dirt poor and in love," and moved north from Kentucky's Appalachia region to Ohio in the hopes of escaping the dreadful poverty around them. They raised a middle-class family, and eventually their grandchild (the author) would graduate from Yale Law School, a conventional marker of their success in achieving generational upward mobility. But as the family saga of Hillbilly Elegy plays out, we learn that this is only the short, superficial version. Vance's grandparents, aunt, uncle, sister, and, most of all, his mother, struggled profoundly with the demands of their new middle-class life, and were never able to fully escape the legacy of abuse, alcoholism, poverty, and trauma so characteristic of their part of America.
Adaptation to world trends : a rereading of the May Fourth Movement radicalization
Economic sociology : a systematic inquiry
Deadly class. Volume 4, Die for me
"The conclusion of the Red Rising trilogy. Born a lowly Red in the mines of Mars, Darrow lost his beloved wife to the treacherous Gold overlords. Vowing to fight for the future that his wife believed in, Darrow joins a secret revolutionary group and is remade into a Gold so that he can infiltrate the ruling class and bring them down from the inside. Now, after years of hiding amongst the Golds, Darrow is finally ready to declare open revolution and throw off the chains of oppression. Nothing in Darrow's world has been easily won, and this final fight will be the most harrowing of all"
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Class and society in Soviet Russia
Dialogue and the development of children's thinking : a sociocultural approach
White Trash : The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America
Suitably modern : making middle-class culture in a new consumer society
Dynamic assessment : a Vygotskian approach to understanding and promoting L2 development
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Dynamic Assessment (DA) reconceptualizes classroom interactions by arguing that teaching and assessment should not be distinct undertakings but must be integrated as a single activity that seeks to understand learner abilities by actively supporting their ongoing development. DA is based in the Vygotskian notion of the Zone of Proximal Development (ZPD) which captures the uniquely human potential to exceed our present capabilities by working in cooperation with others whose dialogic interaction mediates us to higher levels of functioning. DA offers a framework for co-constructing a ZPD with learners in order to simultaneously reveal the full range of their abilities and promote development. This book presents the first in-depth analysis of DAa (TM)s application to particular problems of L2 development. It includes detailed discussions of the core theoretical tenets as well as guidelines for implementing DA principles in L2 classrooms. The book will be of interest to language teacher educators, language testers, classroom practitioners, and students and researchers in the areas of SLA, language pedagogy, and assessment.
Classroom matters : research with children as entanglement
Brāhmanas in ancient India : a study in the role of the Brāhmana class from c. 200 BC to c. AD 500
The countess conspiracy
Life at the bottom : the worldview that makes the underclass
The roles of language in CLIL
Negotiating and renegotiating conversational ground rules : formation of an artifact designed to mediate exploratory collaboration
The primary objective of the present paper is to discuss and analyse the use of humor in the context  of multicultural classroom. This primarily theoretical discussion also attempts to gain a more  comprehensive understanding of how humor can be employed in teaching and instruction thus  contributing to learning. Fundamentally, the intention is to determine dimensions of appropriate and  benevolent humor in terms of learning. The questions to be considered in this paper are as follows: 1)  what the humor is like in classroom, and 2) why humor used in classroom is regarded appropriate or  inappropriate. For this paper, humor in classroom is studied in the light of topic related literature.  Humor as a complex form of communication is discussed here by reviewing a number of academic  publications on the topic. Furthermore, the two pivotal concepts of humor and culture are discussed  briefly. This theoretical overview is also supplemented by a few student interviews from culturally  and linguistically diverse backgrounds. The present paper focuses mainly on the theoretical aspects  of classroom humor and humor as a pedagogical tool. Through this mainly theoretically oriented  study, our aim is to identify some of those features which could potentially contribute to the use of  appropriate humor as derived from the Instructional Humor Processing Theory (IHPT) and previous  research findings. In conclusion, this study offers some viewpoints on humorous features relevant to  promoting an inspiring learning experience.
Japan's new middle class : the salary man and his family in a Tokyo suburb
Pushing beyond the familiar but limiting binaries of legitimation-resistance, the book focuses on the many lives of modern caste. It argues that the Brahmin of today cannot be seen as a caste-self that masks its casteness in order to present itself as modern/secular. The central tension that animates the Brahmin self is that of being both Brahmin and modern. --Book Jacket.
A political economy of the Middle East
Class inequality in austerity Britain : power, difference and suffering
"A Guide to Teaching Practice" is the most comprehensive text available for students on initial teacher training courses across all phases in the UK. The book's focus on the quality of teaching and learning and consideration of the latest regulations and guidelines ensures that it fits comfortably within current statutory frameworks. Revised and updated, this authoritative yet accessible textbook covers all the important basic skills and issues that students need to consider during their practice, such as planning, classroom organisation, behaviour management and assessment, as well as chapters on: the Early Years Foundation Stage (EYFS); legal issues; learning and teaching and using ICT in the classroom; teaching and learning numeracy; teaching and learning literacy; children's rights; and, gifted and talented children. This respected and widely used textbook will be an essential resource for any student teacher. Additional learning resources for students are provided on a companion website, which contains further research, important links and downloadable materials. The website also contains information to make this book more relevant to international audiences.
Caste, class, and power : changing patterns of stratification in a Tanjore village
A right honorable gentleman
When the Coalition Government came to power in 2010 in claimed it would deliver not just austerity, as necessary as that apparently was, but also fairness. This volume subjects this pledge to critical interrogation by exposing the interests behind the policy programme pursued and their damaging effects on class inequalities. Situated within a recognition of the longer-term rise of neoliberal politics, reflections on the status of sociology as a source of critique and current debates over the relationship between the cultural and economic dimensions of social class, the contributors cover an impressively wide range of relevant topics, from education, family policy and community to crime and consumption, shedding new light on the experience of domination in the early 21st Century.
Peer groups and children's development
Creating positive environment through interaction in Finnish EFL and CLIL classrooms
Russian workers : the anatomy of patience
"An examination of how language functions in CLIL, based on a corpus of classroom interactions. Drawing on their wide experience as CLIL educators and researchers, the authors explore data collected in real CLIL classrooms from two interrelated perspectives: the CLIL classroom as an interactional context for developing language and content, and the genres and registers through which the meanings of the different academic subjects are enacted. From the analysis of this corpus of data, the authors provide a rich description of how CLIL students' language works and may be expected to develop. Also available separately as a paperback"--
Ritual imagination : a study of tromba possession among the Betsimisaraka of Eastern Madagaskar
Humor in the classroom
Deadly class. Volume 3, The snake pit
The virgin suicides
A guide to teaching practice
As the daughter of a famed author, Isolde Ophelia Goodnight grew up on tales of brave knights and fair maidens. She never doubted romance would be in her future, too. The storybooks offered endless possibilities. And as she grew older, Izzy crossed them off. One by one by one. Now Izzy's given up yearning for romance. She'll settle for a roof over her head. What fairy tales are left over for an impoverished twenty-six year-old woman who's never even been kissed?
At the bottom of Indian society : the Harijan and other low castes
Jane and the twelve days of Christmas
"Peer Groups and Children's Development" considers the experiences of school aged children with their peer groups and its implications for their social, personal and intellectual development. This book: focuses on the peer group experiences of children attending school in Western societies, from five years of age through to adolescence; considers peer groups in classrooms, friendships made within and outside of school, and the groups that children participate in for extra curricular activities; and, includes a final summary which brings together the significant implications for theory, policy and practice. This book is unique in that no other volume reviews and integrates literature relating to peer groups in both classroom and out of class settings. It addresses the research interests of psychologists and educationalists, as well as the practical concerns of teachers, parents, counselors, and policy makers.
Sky colour
Bittersweet : a novel
Nearing the end of a Third Age of Industry fueled by a magical substanced named aether, Robert Borrow, the son of a guildsman, becomes involved in a revolution to end a society based on inequality, greed, and corruption
A critique of the white American class structure argues that the paths of social mobility that once advanced the nation are now serving to further isolate an elite upper class while enforcing a growing and resentful white underclass.
Yoshiwara : the glittering world of the Japanese courtesan
Commoners and nobles : hereditary divisions in Tibet
How do we conduct classroom research? Why is classroom research valuable to teachers and schools? How does classroom research contribute to teaching, learning and school transformation? The fourth edition of this bestselling book is a practical guide for teachers that wish to conduct research in their classrooms and for schools that wish to improve their practice. Classroom research, as described in this book, will enable teachers to enhance their own or their colleagues' teaching, to test the assumptions of educational theory in practice and to implement and evaluate whole school developments.Comprehensively revised and updated, changes to the new edition include: a major re-working of the last four chapters; comprehensive description of how to conduct classroom research; two new chapters on analyzing and reporting research; updated case study examples and cameos; and, the contribution of teacher research in enhancing personalized learning and school transformation. The book also explores models of teaching and learning; methods for collecting, analyzing and reporting data; and, the ways in which classroom research can be published and linked to the curriculum, teaching and staff development
Cultural contestations : mediating identities in a changing Malaysian society
The heiress effect
Technology integration for meaningful classroom use : a standards-based approach
Being Brahmin, being modern : exploring the lives of caste today
The rise of the creative class : and how it's transforming work, leisure, community and everyday life
A counterfeit betrothal : The notorious rake
English pronunciation teaching in Finland
What really works in special and inclusive education : using evidence-based teaching strategies
Towards inclusion : teacher learning in co-teaching
The raven boys
Student engagement in Finnish lower secondary school
Classrooms as learning communities : what's in it for schools?
A teacher's guide to classroom research
The sociological study of economic activity has witnessed a significant resurgence. Recent texts have chronicled economic sociology's nineteenth-century origins while pointing to the importance of context and power in economic life, yet the field lacks a clear understanding of the role that concepts at different levels of abstraction play in its organization. "Economic Sociology" fills this critical gap by surveying the current state of the field while advancing a framework for further theoretical development. Alejandro Portes examines economic sociology's principal assumptions, key explanatory concepts, and selected research sites. He argues that economic activity is embedded in social and cultural relations, but also that power and the unintended consequences of rational purposive action must be factored in when seeking to explain or predict economic behavior. Drawing upon a wealth of examples, Portes identifies three strategic sites of research - the informal economy, ethnic enclaves, and transnational communities - and he eschews grand narratives in favor of mid-range theories that help us understand specific kinds of social action. The book shows how the meta-assumptions of economic sociology can be transformed, under certain conditions, into testable propositions, and puts forward a theoretical agenda aimed at moving the field out of its present impasse.
Class in selected novels of D.H. Lawrence
Social movements and Bourdieu : class, embodiment and the politics of identity
Deadly class. Volume 1, Reagan youth
Being able to effectively manage the behaviour in your classroom is one of the basic foundations of good teaching. However creating a positive productive learning environment is challenging as the causes of behavioural issues can be complex and difficult to identify. This book presents a solution-focused approach to behaviour management in primary and secondary schools, starting with the child and offering a flexible methodology and practical strategies for facilitating long-term positive behaviour. Key coverage includes: An overview of main approaches to behaviour management drawing from educational theory and research; Case studies throughout the book exploring key strategies and issues; How to develop confidence in the classroom as a new teacher; Neuroscience and behaviour: what can we learn from recent scientific discoveries?
Interethnic affiliations and everyday demarcations of youth in Finland : empirical glances through multisited interviews and observations
Evolution of the Brahman class : (in the perspective of Vedic priesthood)
Intensive interventions for students struggling in reading and mathematics : a practise guide
Aims of education and curriculum planning in special education units and schools in Lusaka, Zambia : a qualitative study of special education teachers' views and classroom practice
Representations of social class and urban poverty in Tom Wolfe's The bonfire of the vanities
Romancing the duke
Teachers' evaluative turns in Finnish CLIL classrooms
Jack London's new-womanish heroines Frona Welse, Margaret West and Saxon Roberts
'White Flight' in Finland? : a qualitative study into Finnish-born families' housing and school choices in Turku
Cross-cultural analysis of teacher confirmation, student motivation, classroom emotion and emotional interest in China, Korea and Japan
Social determinants of mortality from childhood to early adulthood
The story of the lost child
Daughters of Ireland : the rebellious Kingsborough sisters and the making of a modern nation
Divisions and solidarities : gender, class and employment in Latin America
Upper-class culture in Yi-dynasty Korea
The Hindu jajmani system : a socio-economic system interrelating members of a Hindu village community in services
They snooze, you lose : the educator's guide to successful presentations
Mind the gap : the new class divide in Britain
Beyond individual differences : organizing processes, information overload, and classroom learning
Follows the continuing story of the friendship between fiery Lina and bookish Elena, now grown with children and successful in their chosen careers, and both again living in Naples, the city of their birth.
Europe's disappearing middle class? : evidence from the world of work
Those who leave and those who stay
The people : the rise and fall of the working class, 1910-2010
Victim without a face
Tess of the d'Urbervilles : a pure woman faithfully presented
Given our preoccupation with the idea of the Brahmin, the absence of detailed studies on the Brahmin---in embodied form, as a person or community---is striking to say the least. Being Brahmin, Being Modern attempts to address this lacuna by offering an ethnographic study of the Brahmins of contemporary Karnataka. --
British gentlemen in the Wild West : the era of the intensely English cowboy
The lonely crowd : a study of the changing American character
While recent studies have highlighted the phenomenon and risks of increased inequalities between the top and the bottom of society, little research has so far been carried out on trends relating to the median income range that generally represents the middle class. This volume examines the following questions: what are the main transformations in the world of work over the last 20 years in terms of the labour market, social dialogue and conditions of work, wages and incomes that may have affected the middle class? How has the middle class been altered by the financial and economic crisis? What are the long-term trends for the middle class in Europe? This volume also investigates the potential risks and effects of the reshuffling, or even weakening, of the middle class. On the social side, it explores the ramifications of further retrenchment of the European Social Model, which to a great extent has traditionally been funded by the middle class. On the economic side, the book investigates whether this process - especially from the perspective of consumption and human capital - is endangering the long-term sustainability of the current economic model. While presenting evidence of a definite erosion of the middle class, this book assesses the specific situation in each individual EU member state on the basis of detailed statistics and case studies of professional categories that traditionally represent the middle class. This book issues a timely warning about the latest trends and prospects for the middle class in Europe. On this basis, it presents policy considerations and options that will be useful to policy-makers for ensuring the future of the middle class in Europe. Scholars and researchers of European studies and social policy, especially from a sustainability perspective, will find this volume to be an invaluable reference.
The custom of the army : an outlander novella
Cultures of solidarity : consciousness, action, and contemporary American workers
Death by water
Towards dialogic teaching in science : challenging classroom realities through teacher education
In other rooms, other wonders
The Romans
The Byzantine aristocracy IX to XIII centuries
Another
Class photo
Bourgeois dignity : why economics can't explain the modern world
The home of a baby boomer : a market research of the real estate needs of the baby boomer in the upstate of South Carolina; the case of Rosewood Communities Inc.
The limits of fantasy : a comparative study of the representations of gender, ethnicity and class in the console fantasy role-playing games Lost Odyssey and Final Fantasy XIII
The wave : [a novel]
Urban elites of Zadar : Dalmatia and the Venetian Commonwealth (1540-1569)
Hillbilly elegy : a memoir of a family and culture in crisis
The untouchables : subordination, poverty, and the state in modern India
Teacher turn-allocation and repair practices in classroom interaction : a multisemiotic perspective
The light ages
The teacher as a source of educational support : exploring teacher-child interactions and teachers' pedagogical practices in Finnish preschool classrooms
The swans of Fifth Avenue : a novel
Ritual imagination : a study of tromba possession among the Betsimisaraka in eastern Madagascar
A sixpence at whist : gaming and the English middle classes, 1680-1830
The Lonely Crowd is considered by many to be the most influential book of the twentieth century. Its now-classic analysis of the new middle class in terms of inner-directed and other-directed social character opened exciting new dimensions in our understanding of the psychological, political, and economic problems that confront the individual in contemporary American society. The 1969 abridged and revised edition of the book is now reissued with a new foreword by Todd Gitlin that explains why the book is still relevant to our own era. As accessible as it is acute, The Lonely Crowd is indispensable reading for anyone who wishes to understand American society. After half a century, this book has lost none of its capacity to make sense of how we live.Todd Gitlin Praise for the earlier editions: "One of the most penetrating and comprehensive views of the twentieth-century urban American you're likely to find.
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
Growing older : tourism and leisure behaviour of older adults
Doing research, making science: the memory of Roma workers
Teaching large classes : tools and strategies
Deadly class. Volume 2, Kids of the black hole
Bait and switch : the (futile) pursuit of the corporate dream
Reducing behavior problems in the elementary school classroom
Socialization, language choice and belonging : language norms in a first and second grade English medium class
The widow's auction : a novella
Classes and cultures : England 1918-1951
Class struggle in Africa
Inspiring elite action for a more just society? : media framing of elite social responsibility in an unequal, unconsolidated democracy : a case study from Namibia
Using social media effectively in the classroom : blogs, wikis, Twitter, and more
Caste today
What's the matter with Kansas? : how conservatives won the heart of America
Racing driver : how to drive racing cars step by step
Liverpudlian social class in modern drama : a study of Educating Rita (1980) and Paradise Bound (2006)
Gender in the EFL classroom : differences in the teacher's reactions to boys' and girls' responses
Coming apart : the state of white America, 1960-2010
Laurel Herbert married James, Lord Kirkland, as an innocent young girl. When she saw him perform an act of shocking violence, she declared she never wanted to see him again. Now, ten years later, a chance encounter with him turns passionate, with consequences that cannot be ignored.
Texts and interaction : literacy practices in the EFL classroom
Teachers' perspective on gratitude within classroom environment
Humphrey Wescott, Earl of Riverdale, has died, leaving behind a fortune and a scandalous secret that will forever alter the lives of everyone in his family--including the daughter no one knew he had.... Anna Snow grew up in an orphanage in Bath, knowing nothing of the family she came from. Now she discovers that the late Earl of Riverdale was her father and that she has inherited his fortune. She is also overjoyed to learn she has siblings. However, they want nothing to do with her or her attempts to share her new wealth. But the new earl's guardian is interested in Anna....Avery Archer, Duke of Netherby, keeps others at a distance. Yet something prompts him to aid Anna in her transition from orphan to lady. As London society and Anna's newfound relatives threaten to overwhelm her, Avery steps in to rescue her and finds himself vulnerable to feelings and desires he has hidden so well for so long.
King's cage
Progress and revolution in modern Romania : a chronological history of the Romanian working-class and communist movement 1893-1980
Winter's tale
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
