http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25715 visual expression
visual expression visual indication
The Routledge Companion to Puppetry and Material Performance offers a wide-ranging perspective on how scholars and artists are currently re-evaluating the theoretical, historical, and theatrical significance of performance that embraces the agency of inanimate objects. This book proposes a collaborative, responsive model for broader artistic engagement in and with the material world. Its 28 chapters aim to advance the study of the puppet not only as a theatrical object but also as a vibrant artistic and scholarly discipline. This Companion is organized into three sections: theoretical approaches to puppetry and material performance; performing objects in history and tradition; and analyses of puppets, robots, and objects in live and mediated performance. Its wide range of topics, which span 15 countries over five continents, encompasses: visual dramaturgy, theatrical juxtapositions of robots and humans, contemporary transformations of Indonesian wayang kulit, Japanese ritual body substitutes, recent European productions featuring toys, clay, and food. The book features newly commissioned essays by leading scholars such as Matthew Isaac Cohen, Kathy Foley, Jane Marie Law, Eleanor Margolies, Cody Poulton, and Jane Taylor. It also celebrates the vital link between puppetry as a discipline and as a creative practice with chapters by active practitioners, including Handspring Puppet Company's Basil Jones, Redmoon's Jim Lasko, and Bread and Puppet's Peter Schumann. Fully illustrated with more than 60 images, this volume comprises the most expansive English-language collection of international puppetry scholarship to date.
"Sarah Pink draws together in a single volume a set of key writings on advances and explorations that sit at the innovative edge of theory and practice in contemporary visual research. Advances in Visual Methodology presents a critical engagement with interdisciplinary practice in the field of visual research and representation, examining the development of visual methodology as a field of interdisciplinary and post-disciplinary practice that spans scholarly and applied concerns. The book explores how new practice-based, theoretical and methodological engagements are developing and emerging in research practice; the impact new approaches are having on the types of knowledge visual research produces and critiques; the ways visual research intersect with new media; and the implications of this for social and cultural research, scholarship and intervention."--Publisher's website.
"Image Studies provides an engaging introduction to visual studies analysis and an account of existing and emergent visual culture debates, along with chapters on a range of topics, including: consumer culture and identity; photography and digital imaging; painting and drawing; the moving image; the relationship between image and text (including reference to text in art, comics and animation); and scientific imaging. Written in an engaging and accessible way, the text will also include extracts of existing critical materials. Each chapter will include key set readings, including short extracts from existing literatures with accompanying study notes and questions. The chapters will also include a range of critical and creative tasks, designed to bring the academic study of visual culture into direct contact with practical aspects of visual culture and image-making.Image Studies is a new text aimed predominantly at undergraduate students in visual culture, but which will also be useful for media studies students and arts students more generally".
"Visual thinking expert Sunni Brown has created The Doodle Revolution as a kick-starter guide for igniting and applying simple visual language to any challenge. The instinctive and universal act of doodling need only be unleashed in order to innovate, solve problems, and elevate cognitive performance instantly. With humor, wit, and a commitment to disrupting our perceptions of doodling, Brown teaches us how to: Doodle any object, concept, or system imaginable. Invent, innovate, and solve messy problems. Transform text into a visual display that engages an audience. Explain the relevance of visual literacy to leaders at work and at school"--
Sister arts : the erotics of lesbian landscapes
Writing for visual thinkers : a guide for artists and designers
Picturing research : drawing as visual methodology
Image studies : theory and practice
Digital design for print and web : an introduction to theory, principles, and techniques
Picturing the self : changing views on the subject in visual culture
Reflections on stage : an investigation of projection as character
An applied visual sociology : picturing harm reduction
Graphesis : visual forms of knowledge production
The art and design of contemporary wine labels
Exploring the visual arts
The imaginary : word and image = L'Imaginaire : texte et image
Literary visuality in Siri Hustvedt's works : phenomenological perspectives
Human abilites to perceive, understand, and manage multi-dimensional information with visualizations
The practice of light : a genealogy of visual technologies from prints to pixels
Political acts are encoded in medial forms--punch holes on a card, images on a live stream, tweets about events unfolding in real time--that have force, shaping people as subjects and forming the contours of what is sensible, legible, and visible. In doing so they define the terms of political possibility and create terrain for political acts. Sensible Politics considers the constitutive role played by aesthetic and performative techniques in the staging of claims by nongovernmental activists. Attending to political aesthetics means focusing not on a disembodied image that travels under the concept of art or visual culture, nor on a preformed domain of the political that seeks subsequent expression in media form. Instead it requires bringing the two realms together into the same analytic frame. A diverse group of contributors, from art historians, anthropologists, and political theorists to artists, filmmakers, and architects, considers the interaction of politics and the visual in such topics as the political consequences of a photograph taken by an Israeli soldier in a Palestinian house in Ramallah; AIDS activism; images of social suffering in Iran; the "forensic architecture" of claims to truth; and the "Make Poverty History" campaign. Transcending disciplines, they trace a broader image complex whereby politics is brought to visibility through the mediation of specific cultural forms that mix the legal and the visual, the hermeneutic and the technical, the political and the aesthetic. Their contributions offer critical insight into the practices of mediation whereby the political becomes manifest.
Approaches to understanding visual culture
Visual cultures in science and technology : a comparative history
The Routledge companion to puppetry and material performance
Psychiatric visual expression interview in dissociative disorders
Sensible politics : the visual culture of nongovernmental activism
Rasta-haired Väinämöinen and other beings in their peculiar world : humour and intertextuality in Our Kalevala
Expressing politics through visual theatre : analysis of contemporary visual theatre artists from Post-Soviet countries
Information visualization : an introduction
The picture in design : what graphic designers, art directors and illustrators should know about communicating with pictures
Reading images : the grammar of visual design
Light is the condition of all vision, and the visual media are our most important explorations of this condition. The history of visual technologies reveals a centuries-long project aimed at controlling light. In this book, Sean Cubitt traces a genealogy of the dominant visual media of the twenty-first century—digital video, film, and photography—through a history of materials and practices that begins with the inventions of intaglio printing and oil painting. Attending to the specificities of inks and pigments, cathode ray tubes, color film, lenses, screens, and chips, Cubitt argues that we have moved from a hierarchical visual culture focused on semantic values to a more democratic but value-free numerical commodity. Cubitt begins with the invisibility of black, then builds from line to surface to volume and space. He describes Rembrandt's attempts to achieve pure black by tricking the viewer and the rise of geometry as a governing principle in visual technology, seen in Durer, Hogarth, and Disney, among others. He finds the origins of central features of digital imaging in nineteenth-century printmaking; examines the clash between the physics and psychology of color; explores the representation of space in shadows, layers, and projection; discusses modes of temporal order in still photography, cinema, television, and digital video; and considers the implications of a political aesthetics of visual technology.
The visual miscellaneum : a colorful guide to the world's most consequential trivia
The doodle revolution : unlock the power to think differently
Visuality/materiality : images, objects and practices
Photobiography : photographic self-writing in Proust, Guibert, Ernaux, Macé
Unfolding the napkin : the hands-on method for solving complex problems with simple pictures
About time : a visual memoir around the clock
The primacy of words over images has deep roots in Western culture. But what if the two are inextricably linked, equal partners in meaning-making? Written and drawn entirely as comics, Unflattening is an experiment in visual thinking. Nick Sousanis defies conventional forms of scholarly discourse to offer readers both a stunning work of graphic art and a serious inquiry into the ways humans construct knowledge. Unflattening is an insurrection against the fixed viewpoint. Weaving together diverse ways of seeing drawn from science, philosophy, art, literature, and mythology, it uses the collage-like capacity of comics to show that perception is always an active process of incorporating and reevaluating different vantage points. While its vibrant, constantly morphing images occasionally serve as illustrations of text, they more often connect in nonlinear fashion to other visual references throughout the book. They become allusions, allegories, and motifs, pitting realism against abstraction and making us aware that more meets the eye than is presented on the page. In its graphic innovations and restless shape-shifting, Unflattening is meant to counteract the type of narrow, rigid thinking that Sousanis calls "flatness". Just as the two-dimensional inhabitants of Edwin A. Abbott's novella Flatland could not fathom the concept of "upwards", Sousanis says, we are often unable to see past the boundaries of our current frame of mind. Fusing words and images to produce new forms of knowledge, Unflattening teaches us how to access modes of understanding beyond what we normally apprehend.
Camouflage : nykytaidetta muotoilun maastossa : [Nykytaiteen museo Kiasma, 15.6. - 7.10.2012] = Camouflage : visual art and design in disguise : [Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma, 15.6. - 7.10.2012] / [toimittajat = editors Leevi Haapala, Sanna Hirvonen, Jari-Pekka Vanhala]
"This book presents a collection of key theoretical texts on comics, spanning a period from the 1960s to the 2010s, written in French and never before translated into English. The publication brings a distinctive set of authors together uniting theoretical scholars, artists, journalists, and comics critics. Readers will gain access to important debates that have taken place among major French-language comics scholars, including Thierry Groensteen, Benoît Peeters, Jan Baetens, and Pierre Fresnault-Deruelle, over the past fifty years. The collection covers a broad range of approaches to the medium, including historical, formal, sociological, philosophical, and psychoanalytic. A general introduction provides an overall context, and, in addition, each of the five thematic sections is prefaced by a brief summary of each text and an explanation of how they have influenced later work. The translations are faithful to the originals while reading clearly in English, and, where necessary, cultural references are clarified."--Provided by publisher.
Design fundamentals : notes on visual elements & principles of composition
Understanding the visual
Seeing is believing? : approaches to visual research
An introduction to visual communication : from cave art to second life
Understanding literature and film : interpreting meaning from written and visual media
"A fearless guide to awakening your mind using simple visual language What do Einstein, Edison, Richard Feynman, Henry Ford, and JFK have in common? Like virtually all heavy-hitting thinkers, they looked beyond just words and numbers to get intellectual and creative insights. They actively applied a deceptively simple tool to think both smarter and faster: the doodle. And so can the rest of us-zero artistic talent required. Visual thinking expert Sunni Brown has created The Doodle Revolution as a kick-starter guide for igniting and applying simple visual language to any challenge. The instinctive and universal act of doodling need only be unleashed in order to innovate, solve problems, and elevate cognitive performance instantly. With humor, wit, and a commitment to disrupting our perceptions of doodling, Brown teaches us how to: Doodle any object, concept, or system imaginable. Invent, innovate, and solve messy problems. Transform text into a visual display that engages an audience. Explain the relevance of visual literacy to leaders at work and at school. Despite what our culture suggests, doodling and sketching are powerful tools and they are for everyone, not just artsy types. It's time we recognize visual literacy as a fundamental requirement for the future"--
Visual performance under mesopic conditions : towards determination of adaptation luminance
Heart & soul : a celebration of black music style in America 1930-1975
Defining visual rhetorics
The back of the napkin : solving problems and selling ideas with pictures
Does it make sense? : a semiotic approach to the analysis of the signs and their signification in puppetry and visual theatre
Experimenting with visual narratives
Stop, think, go, do : how typography and graphic design influence behavior
Graphic design theory
Consciousness of artistic form : a comparison of the visual, gestalt art formations of children, adolescents, and layman adults with historical art, folk art, and aboriginal art
Picture composition for film and television
Multimodal representation and intermodal similarity : cues of space in the audio description of film
Bitter lands : the making of a short animated film
The French comics theory reader
What do pictures want? : the lives and loves of images
Visual studies : a skeptical introduction
Successful presentations : for professionals who use English at work
The sketchnote handbook : the illustrated guide to visual note taking
This book is designed to help people who think in pictures--a segment of learners that by some estimates includes almost 30 percent of the population--gain skills and confidence in their writing abilities. Writing for Visual Thinkers approaches the craft of writing from many directions, all with the ultimate goal of unblocking the reader's verbal potential. Both experimental and pragmatic, Marks's methods will result in stronger, more verbally confident artists and designers.
Visual communication is just as important as verbal communication, if not more important. VISUAL COMMUNICATION: IMAGES WITH MESSAGES shows you how visual perception is used in all forms of communication, whether it's graphic design, photography, television, video, or interactive media. And because it's packed with study and review tools, this communications textbook not only clearly explains the theories you need to know, it helps you prepare for tests and will help you succeed in the class.
Visualisation of geographic information as statistics
Advances in visual methodology
Human abilities to perceive, understand, and manage multidimensional information with visualizations
Visual communication and dimensions of editing
The complete guide to organising and styling professional photo shoots
Picturing Future Events : Building a Visual Identity for a New Music Festival
Icons - texts - iconotexts : essays on ekphrasis and intermediality
Kimpassa = Together : Marimekko + Kiasma : [Nykytaiteen museo Kiasma = Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma, 16.5. - 7.9.2014] / [toimittajat = editors Arja Miller, Päivi Oja] ; [kirjoittajat = contributors Company: Aamu Song & Johan Olin ... [et al.]]
"The toughest season in the White House:" the rhetorical presidency and the State of the Union Address from 1953 to 1992
Master of the Cinematic Universe is a guide to the future of trans-media storytelling. Content creators of every flavor are constantly needing to expand the mediums they can work in. This volume serves as a resource for using the timeless truths of story structure to craft established as well as up and coming short-form media formats.
Master of the cinematic universe : the secret code to writing for a world of new media
Visual communication : images with messages
Iconic power : materiality and meaning in social life
Branding and Visual Identity for a Music-Themed Cafe
Visualizing belief and piety in Iranian Shiism
Technological changes have radically altered the ways in which people use visual images. Since the invention of photography, imagery has increasingly been used for entertainment, journalism, information, medical diagnostics, instruction, and communication. These functions move the image beyond aesthetic issues associated with art and into the realm of communication studies. This introductory textbook introduces students to the terminology of visual literacy, methods for analyzing visual media, and theories on the relationship between visual communication and culture. Exploring the meanings associated with visual symbols and the relationship of visual communication to culture, this book will provide students with a better understanding of the visually oriented world in which they live. Student-friendly features such as boxed topics, key terms, web resources, and suggestions for exercises are provided throughout.
Picture theory : essays on verbal and visual representation / W. J. T. Mitchell
Visual methods in psychology : using and interpreting images in qualitative research
This second edition of the landmark textbook "Reading Images" builds on its reputation as the first systematic and comprehensive account of the grammar of visual design. Drawing on an enormous range of examples from children's drawings to textbook illustrations, photo-journalism to fine art, as well as three-dimensional forms such as sculpture and toys, the authors examine the ways in which images communicate meaning. Features of this fully updated second edition include: -new material on moving images and on colour -a discussion of how images and their uses have changed through time -websites and web-based images -ideas on the future of visual communication. "Reading Images" focuses on the structures or 'grammar' of visual design - colour, perspective, framing and composition - provides the reader with an invaluable 'tool-kit' for reading images and makes it a must for anyone interested in communication, the media and the arts.
The fundamentals of animation
An introduction to visual research methods in tourism
Visual effects for stereoscopic 3D contents : experiences from the Don't Look Back-project [sic]
The poetics of sight
Pretty ugly
This companion workbook to "The Back of the Napkin" helps readers put Roam's principles into practice with step-by-step guidelines. It's filled with case studies, do-it-yourself exercises, and plenty of blank space for drawing.
Colour grading video files in Adobe Lightroom
Visual information for everyday use
The imaginary as a critical concept originated in the twentieth century and has been theorized in diverse ways. It can be understood as a register of thought; the way we interpret the world; the universe of images, signs, texts, and objects of thought. In this volume, it is explored as it manifests itself in encounters between the verbal and the visual. A number of the essays brought together here explore the transposition of the imaginary in illustrations of texts and verbal renditions of images, as well as in comic books based on paintings or on verbal narratives. Others analyze ways in which books deal with film or television and investigate the imaginary in digital media. Special attention is paid to the imaginary of places and the relationship of the imaginary with memory. Written in English and French, these contributions by European and American scholars demonstrate the various concerns and approaches characteristic of contemporary scholarship in word and image studies.
Visual Identity, Stylization and Game Design. Case: Harald Hirmuinen
"In part we create the sights we see, and we may ourselves be poets of sight. The key concept throughout this book is visual metaphor, which is explored in art from Picasso to Kapoor, in poetry from Eliot to Hughes and in aesthetics from Pound to Derrida" --
Physical and visual characteristics of Latin building inscriptions : the case of North Africa
Christian metal online : the discursive construction of identity and culture
Show your work : the payoffs and how-to's of working out loud
