http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25744 plumes
plumes
Prehistoric figurines : representation and corporeality in the Neolithic
[Personal collections from the Brotherton Library, University of Leeds]
Clitic doubling in the Balkan languages
The king's peace
Fat reserves and moult-migration overlap in goldcrests, Regulus regulus - a trade-off?
Amazonie : le chamane et la pensée de la forêt = Amazonia : the shaman and the mind of the forest
The Arabs : the life story of a people who have left their deep impress on the world
The nomads of the Balkans : an account of life and customs among the Vlachs of Northern Pindus
Pagan races of the Malay Peninsula
The rise of nationalism in the Balkans, 1800-1930
The Jews of the Balkans : the Judeo-Spanish community, 15th to 20th centuries
Essays on the late prehistory of the Arabian Peninsula
Sephardi Jewry : a history of the Judeo-Spanish community, 14th-20th centuries
New Balkans and the Europe - peace development integration : reconciliation, tolerance and human security in the Balkans : proceedings of the ninth ECPD International Conference, Belgrade, October 20-21, 2013
The Balkans and the challenge of economic integration : regional and European perspectives
Capabilities and performance of Elmer/Ice, a new-generation ice sheet model
Self-Orientalization in South East Europe
Stratigraphy and structure of the Goajira Peninsula, northwestern Venezuela and northeastern Colombia
Environment and living conditions on the Kola Peninsula
The king's name
Heritability of heavy metal and persistent organic pollutant levels in collared flycatcher (Ficedula albicollis)
Svalbard summer melting, continentality and sea ice extent from the Lomonosovfonna ice core
Entangled histories of the Balkans. 3, Shared pasts, disputed legacies
Western hemisphere varieties of Spanish and Portuguese show substantial similarity in the patterning of sociolinguistic variation and change. Caribbean and coastal dialects of Latin American Spanish share several variables with Brazilian Portuguese (e.g., deletion of coda -s, -r). These variables also show similar social distribution in Hispanic and Lusophone communities: formal styles and high status speakers are consonantally conservative, while higher deletion is associated with working class speakers and informal styles. The regions that show these sociolinguistic parallels also share comm.
Minorities in the Balkans : state policy and interethnic relations (1804-2004) = Les minorites dans les Balkans
Badminton : the complete practical guide
The collapse of communist systems in South East Europe resulted in a landscape to be newly arranged. Diverse forces compete to capture the popular energies released by the embrace of old and new identities. Deficits of modernization in a post communist nexus have deepened cultural asymmetries and challenge EU integration in new ways. Drives to rule of the “strong hand”, feod-like patron-client relations, “self-orientalization” as result of dilettante “social engineering” and unrealistic cultural politics increase the entropy of transition. Plamen K. Georgiev discusses the most controversial issues of a possible accession of Turkey into EU and its impact on a number of collective identities as Bulgaria, Macedonia, Romania, Croatia, vulnerable to Islamic fundamentalism, but also new breeds of nationalisms. This comparative study prompts apt ideas for EU coordinated national politics, fostering its cultural homogeneity and integrity in a global world of rising risks and new responsibilities.
Flying dinosaurs : how fearsome reptiles became birds
Between past and future : civil-military relations in the post-communist Balkans
The Golden Khersonese : studies in the historical geography of the Malay Peninsula before A. D. 1500.
The Balkan prospect : identity, culture, and politics in Greece after 1989
The tiger's wife : a novel
Macedonian studies 2
Constructing South East Europe : the politics of Balkan regional cooperation
On Macedonian matters - from the partition and annexation of Macedonia in 1913 to the present : a collection of essays on languge, culture and history
Distribution of Neckera besseri (Lob.) Jur. (Neckeraceae, Musci) in the Iberian Peninsula = Distribución de Neckera besseri (Lob.) Jur. (Neckeraceae, Musci) en la Península Ibérica
Marine algae of the Monterey Peninsula, California
Landscapes of the southern Peloponnese : a countryside guide
Conversion to Islam in the Balkans : Kisve bahası petitions and Ottoman social life, 1670-1730
Artifact and assemblage : the finds from a regional survey of the Southern Argolid, Greece. Vol. 1, The prehistoric and early iron age pottery and the lithic artifacts
Farmers and fishermen in Arabia : studies in customary law and practice
Ambivalent Conquests : Maya and Spaniard in Yucatan, 1517–1570
Electronic reproduction of a wide range selection of diary and letter collections from the Liddle Collection at Leeds. It includes the papers of British, French, Australian and New Zealand troops serving on the Western Front and in Africa, Mesopotamia, Egypt, Palestine and Gallipoli.
Badminton handbook : training, tactics, competition
The ancient culture of the Bering Sea and the Eskimo problem
Western intervention in the Balkans : the strategic use of emotion in conflict
Polymorphism of sugar alcohols and effect of grinding on thermal behavior of binary sugar alcohol mixtures
ARABIA AND THE GULF : IN ORIGINAL PHOTOGRAPHS 1880-1950
Music and traditions of the Arabian Peninsula : Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, and Qatar
Geology, geomorphology and mineral resources of the Sula Mountains
The politics of nation-building : making co-nationals, refugees, and minorities
This is a detailed analysis of Byzantine political attitudes towards the Ottomans and western Europeans during the critical last century of Byzantium. The book covers three major regions of the Byzantine Empire - Thessalonike, Constantinople, and the Morea - where the political orientations of aristocrats, merchants, the urban populace, peasants, and members of ecclesiastical and monastic circles are examined against the background of social and economic conditions. Through its particular focus on the political and religious dispositions of individuals, families and social groups, the book offers an original view of late Byzantine politics and society that is not found in conventional narratives. Drawing on a wide range of Byzantine, western and Ottoman sources, it authoritatively illustrates how late Byzantium was drawn into an Ottoman system in spite of the westward-looking orientation of the majority of its ruling elite.
Byzantium between the Ottomans and the Latins : Politics and Society in the Late Empire
Ambivalent conquests : Maya and Spaniard in Yucatan, 1517-1570
The Anzac book
Southeastern Europe under Ottoman rule, 1354-1804 : by Peter F. Sugar
Extractability of slurry and fertilizer phosphorus in soil after repeated freezing
Colonial encounters in ancient Iberia : Phoenician, Greek, and indigenous relations
The Balkans : national identities in a historical perspective
Feathers : identification for bird conservation
The aftermath of war : experiences and social attitudes in the western Balkans
The central Balkan tribes in pre-Roman times : Triballi, Autariatae, Dardanians, Scordisci and Moesians
Southeastern Europe : a guide to basic publications
Sickness absence according to diagnoses among employees in food industry from 2003 to 2008
Byzantium's Balkan frontier : a political study of the Northern Balkans, 900-1204
Documentation for ancient Arabia. Pt. 2, Bibliographical catalogue of texts
The Arabia of Ibn Saud
Handbook of doing business in South East Europe
Relative importance of mass and volume changes to global sea level rise
The Balkans : from the end of Byzantium to the present day
Alternative social structures and ritual relations in the Balkans
Handbuch der Orientalistik. Abt. 3, South-East Asia. Bd 13: The Malay Peninsula : crossroads of the maritime silk road (100 BC - 1300 AD)
Psychological distress in dyspepsia
Balkan economic history, 1550-1950 : from imperial borderlands to developing nations
This thesis examined hydrological processes such as snowmelt and groundwater discharge in drained peatland areas in the boreal zone. The studied processes were measured in situ using environmental tracers. Further, performance of a treatment wetland was studied during snowmelt and high flow. A GIS model was developed to estimate groundwater seepage areas in peatland systems surrounding eskers.It was found that soil frost had a clear impact on water quality during snowmelt. This was evident as lower suspended sediments, water colour and dissolved organic carbon concentrations, among other changes. The treatment wetland was found to reduce the suspended solids load during the snowmelt period and late autumn, while reductions in phosphorus and nitrogen loads occurred during summer. A sampling algorithm was built to test how different sampling frequencies affected the estimation of suspended solid loads from the constructed wetland. The results showed increasing uncertainty for sparser sampling (from weekly to monthly sampling), but the uncertainty remained high even at weekly sampling. The GIS model was tested on two eskers and shown to give a fair estimate of groundwater discharge locations. It can thus be used for improving aquifer protection in boreal eskers related to the drainage networks surrounding them. However, to be applied more widely, further efforts are required.The findings in this thesis could be used to develop better water management policies for peat extraction areas, or other industries operating in similar soils and climate. For example, meltwater could be allowed to temporarily bypass treatment facilities in areas with deep soil frost penetration. The wetland study showed that peatland-based wetlands are a suitable approach for improving water treatment performance even under variable hydraulic loads. The uncertainty in the estimated load from a small peat extraction catchment was high, which might limit the use of such data for some purposes. Load estimation methods using the concentration data collected during previous years might be able to reduce the uncertainty, but if the uncertainty needs to be lowered substantially use of sensor technology might be the only viable approach.
The Norman campaigns in the Balkans, 1081-1108
The Jesuit Order as a synagogue of Jews : Jesuits of Jewish ancestry and purity-of-blood laws in the early Society of Jesus
The Balkans beyond nationalism and identity : international relations and ideology
Soil freeze-thaw effects on bank erodibility and stability
Evliya Çelebi in Albania and adjacent regions : Kossovo, Montenegro, Ohrid : the relevant sections of the Seyahatname
Permafrost in our time : community-based permafrost temperature archive
The Balkans : a short history
Ottoman and Habsburg legacies in the Balkans : language and religion to the North and to the South of the Danube river
Superimposed ice formation and surface energy fluxes on sea ice during the spring melt-freeze period in the Baltic Sea
Endgame in the Balkans : regime change, European style
Two queens of Baghdad : mother and wife of Hārūn al-Rashīd
The Balkans : a religious backyard of Europe
Comparative typology about salmon angling as an attraction and interest in salmon rivers of Finnish Lapland and Kola Peninsula
Enlightenment, nationalism and orthodoxy : studies in the culture and political thought of south-eastern Europe
Balkan as metaphor : between globalization and fragmentation
Wild Europe : the Balkans in the gaze of Western travellers
Entangled histories of the Balkans. 1, National ideologies and language policies
Portuguese-Spanish interfaces : diachrony, synchrony, and contact
An account of the alcyonarians collected by the Royal Indian Marine Survey ship Investigator in the Indian Ocean. 2, The alcyonarians of the littoral area
The Cumans and the Tatars were nomadic warriors of the Eurasian steppe who exerted an enduring impact on the medieval Balkans. With this work, István Vásáry presents an extensive examination of their history from 1185 to 1365. The basic instrument of Cuman and Tatar political success was their military force, over which none of the Balkan warring factions could claim victory. As a consequence, groups of the Cumans and the Tatars settled and mingled with the local population in various regions of the Balkans. The Cumans were the founders of three successive Bulgarian dynasties (Asenids, Terterids and Shishmanids) and the Wallachian dynasty (Basarabids). They also played an active role in Byzantium, Hungary and Serbia, with Cuman immigrants being integrated into each country's elite. This book also demonstrates how the prevailing political anarchy in the Balkans in the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries made it ripe for the Ottoman conquest.
Monuments, patrons, contexts : papers on Ottoman Europe presented to Machiel Kiel
Labour migrations in the Balkans
Birds of Malaysia
Supplement to Smith's Marine algae of the Monterey Peninsula
The slender thread : Irish women on the southern Avalon, 1750-1860
Wild: fashion untamed
Six years in the Malay jungle
Civil society and transitions in the Western Balkans
Queering Iberia : Iberian masculinities at the Margins
The early medieval Balkans : a critical survey from the sixth to the late twelfth century
The Balkans - ethnic and cultural crossroads : educational and cultural aspects ; Sofia (Bulgaria), 27-30 May 1995
Appetite control : the role of food composition and structure
Southeastern Europe under Ottoman rule, 1354-1804
Democratization in the Balkans : prescription for a badly scarred body politic
At a time when most observers saw war in Europe as belonging to an ever more distant past, the wars of Yugoslav succession shattered this illusion. The direct and indirect consequences of these wars for people in the region are still not fully understood, but it is clear that the war has had far reaching social and political consequences for each national society as a whole.This groundbreaking volume provides a series of analyses of experiences and social attitudes in the Western Balkans in the aftermath of those wars. Based on survey data from 22,000 respondents, the editors have created a volume which contributes to our understanding of both specific war-related effects as well as a detailed description of contemporary attitudes and values across these societies.This book will be of interest to academic specialists and students interested in the effects of war on psychological health and on ethnic relations in the Western Balkans as well as how this applies to other post-conflict societies. It will also be of interest to sociologists, political scientists, and historians studying differences in attitudes between the countries, ethnic groups, and generations in this region related to diverse topics from ethnic tolerance to states' responsibility for equality and gender roles.
Badminton : steps to success
History of the Arabs
Court games : racquets, squash, court tennis, hand tennis
This is both a specific study of conversion in a corner of the Spanish Empire, and a work with implications for the understanding of European domination and native resistance throughout the colonial world. Dr Clendinnen explores the intensifying conflict between competing and increasingly divergent Spanish visions of Yucatan and its destructive outcomes. She seeks to penetrate the ways of thinking and feeling of the Mayan Indians in a detailed reconstruction of their assessment of the intruders.
Runoff generation and load estimation in drained peatland areas
True north : a novel
The late medieval Balkans : a critical survey from the late twelfth century to the Ottoman Conquest
The social origins of Islam : mind, economy, discourse
A history of Arabia
Entangled histories of the Balkans. 2, Transfers of political ideologies and institutions
Integration of disabled and able-bodied sport activities in badminton : a case study of the Finnish para-badminton
A Greek countryside : the southern Argolid from prehistory to the present day
Europe and its other : notes on the Balkans
Embracing arms : cultural representation of Slavic and Balkan women in war
Meccan trade and the rise of Islam
The Byzantine commonwealth : Eastern Europe, 500-1453
An agenda for the Western Balkans : from elite politics to social sustainability
An account of the alcyonarians collected by the Royal Indian Marine Survey ship Investigator in the Indian Ocean. 1, The alcyonarians of the deep sea
The deglaciation of the Laanila area, Finnish Lapland
Arabia of the Wahhabis
Eastern Europe : an introduction to the people, lands, and culture
"The Permafrost/Active Layer Monitoring Program is an ongoing project that builds on work begun in 2005 to establish long-term permafrost and active layer monitoring sites adjacent to schools in Alaska and in the circumpolar permafrost region (Russia, Norway, China, Mongolia, Japan, Canada and Greenland). Over three hundred schools (red dots in globe) are involved in the project. The monitoring sites collect temperature measurement data on permafrost and the length and depth of the active layer. This information is important because changes in permafrost conditions affect local ecosystems and hydrological regimes, and can influence the severity on natural disasters"--page 4 of cover.
Studia geomorphologica Carpatho-Balcanica
Snow cover models in operational watershed forecasting
The Balkans : foreign direct investment and EU accession
Conquerors, brides, and concubines : interfaith relations and social power in medieval Iberia
Nearctic and Palaearctic Chaoborus (Diptera: Chaoboridae)
Balkan transitions to modernity and nation-states : through the eyes of three generations of merchants, (1780s-1890s)
Society, the city and industry in the Balkans, 15th-19th centuries
The Balkans in transition : essays on the development of Balkan life and politics since the eighteenth century
The Malay Peninsula : crossroads of the maritime Silk Road, 100 BC-1300 AD
Human skulls from Gazelle Peninsula
Microlepidoptera of Europe. Vol. 1, Pterophoridae
Cumans and Tatars : Oriental Military in the Pre-Ottoman Balkans, 1185–1365
The making of the slavs : history and archaeology of the Lower Danube Region, ca. 500-700
Badminton : the skills of the game
The Arthur of the Iberians : the Arthurian legend in the Spanish and Portuguese worlds
Balkan inferno : betrayal, war and intervention, 1990-2005
The ambiguous nation : case studies from Southeastern Europe in the 20th century
A guide to moult in British birds
Toll-like receptors in Alimentary tract -special reference to Barrett’s esophagus
The post-glacial history of vegetation and agriculture in the Luleälv river valley
The hopeful traveller
New Balkans in a changing world with a changing Europe : reconciliation, tolerance and human security in the Balkans : proceedings of the eighth ECPD International Conference, Belgrade, October 20, 2012
New Balkans and the European Union enlargement : reconciliation, tolerance and human security in the Balkans : proceedings of the seventh ECPD International Conference, Miločer, Montenegro, October 21-22, 2011
Expedition to south-west Arabia, 1937-8
Byzantium's Balkan Frontier is the first narrative history in English of the northern Balkans in the tenth to twelfth centuries. Where previous histories have been concerned principally with the medieval history of distinct and autonomous Balkan nations, this study regards Byzantine political authority as a unifying factor in the various lands which formed the empire's frontier in the north and west. It takes as its central concern Byzantine relations with all Slavic and non-Slavic peoples - including the Serbs, Croats, Bulgarians and Hungarians - in and beyond the Balkan Peninsula, and explores in detail imperial responses, first to the migrations of nomadic peoples, and subsequently to the expansion of Latin Christendom. It also examines the changing conception of the frontier in Byzantine thought and literature through the middle Byzantine period.
Clio in the Balkans : the politics of history education
Gypsies in the Ottoman Empire : a contribution to the history of the Balkans
Anthropology and history in Yucatán
An historical geography of the Balkans
Badminton in action
Byzantium's Balkan Frontier : A Political Study of the Northern Balkans, 900–1204
Accidental occidental : economics and culture of transition in Mitteleuropa, the Baltic, and the Balkan Area
The Seventh Manchesters : July 1916 to March 1919
The Ottomans and the Balkans : a discussion of historiography
