http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25732 conceptualisation
conceptualisation figuration
Spatial working memory
Spatial questions : cultural topologies and social spatialisation
The expressive moment : how interaction (with music) shapes human empowerment
The past hidden in our genes : combining archaeological and genetic methodology : prehistoric population bottlenecks in Finland
Statistical methods for geography : a student's guide
Language, cognition and space : the state of the art and new directions
Inner navigation : why we get lost and how we find our way
Visually structured methods and tools for industry automation
The pop-up generation : design between dimensions
Place of geometry
Lost in space : architecture and dementia
Spatial intelligence : new futures for architecture
Psychology of touch and blindness
Cognitive and perceptual rehabilitation : optimizing function
Time warped
IQ and aptitude tests : assess your verbal, numerical and spatial reasoning skills
Find Spot!
Spatial schemas and abstract thought
Space to reason : a spatial theory of human thought
Lost or not? : designing and evaluating user interfaces of mobile map services : the viewpoint of supporting users' location awareness
Towards a European geo-statistical system
Art and illusion : a study in the psychology of pictorial representation / E.H. Gombrich
Three-dimensional spiral grain pattern in five large Norway spruce stems
Space and time in perception and action
Basic vision : an introduction to visual perception
Make : 3D printing projects
Drawing  : a contemporary approach
Space in the medieval West : places, territories, and imagined geographies
Nomadic and indigenous spaces : productions and cognitions
Sensation and perception
Applied spatial data analysis with R
Glass road
By reading this book, you will develop the skills to perceive a space and its contents in light, and be able to devise a layout of luminaires that will provide that lit appearance. Written by renowned lighting expert Christopher (Kit) Cuttle, the book: explains the difference between vision and perception, which is the distinction between providing lighting to make things visible, and providing it to influence the appearance of everything that is visible, demonstrates how lighting patterns generated by three-dimensional objects interacting with directional lighting are strongly influential upon how the visual perception process enables us to recognize object attributes, such as lightness, colourfulness, texture and gloss, reveals how a designer who understands the role of these lighting patterns in the perceptual process may employ them either to reveal, or to subdue, or to enhance the appearance of selected object attributes by creating appropriate spatial distributions of light, carefully explains calculational techniques and provides easy-to-use spreadsheets, so that layouts of lamps and luminaires are derived that can be relied upon to achieve the required illumination distributions. Practical lighting design involves devising three-dimensional light fields that create luminous hierarchies related to the visual significance of each element within a scene. By providing you with everything you need to develop a design concept - from the understanding of how lighting influences human perceptions of surroundings, through to engineering efficient and effective lighting solutions – Kit Cuttle instills in his readers a new-found confidence in lighting design.
"Knowing where things are seems effortless. Yet our brains devote tremendous computational power to figuring out the simplest details about spatial relationships. Going to the grocery store or finding our cell phone requires sleuthing and coordination across different sensory and motor domains. Making Space traces this mental detective work to explain how the brain creates our sense of location. But it goes further, to make the case that spatial processing permeates all our cognitive abilities, and that the brain's systems for thinking about space may be the systems of thought itself. Our senses measure energy in the form of light, sound, and pressure on the skin, and our brains evaluate these measurements to make inferences about objects and boundaries. Jennifer Groh describes how eyes detect electromagnetic radiation, how the brain can locate sounds by measuring differences of less than one one-thousandth of a second in how long they take to reach each ear, and how the ear's balance organs help us monitor body posture and movement. The brain synthesizes all this neural information so that we can navigate three-dimensional space. But the brain's work doesn't end there. Spatial representations do double duty in aiding memory and reasoning. This is why it is harder to remember how to get somewhere if someone else is driving, and why, if we set out to do something and forget what it was, returning to the place we started can jog our memory. In making space the brain uses powers we did not know we have." -- Publisher's description.
Bag-of-features approach to unsupervised visual object categorisation
Lighting design : a perception-based approach
Spatial sign and rank based scatter matrices with applications
Fundamentals of hearing : an introduction
Cognitive and linguistic aspects of geographic space : new perspectives on geographic information research
The sense of order : a study in the psychology of decorative art / E.H. Gombrich
Digital design in sustainable urbanism : explorations in computational design strategies
Place and belonging : an ethnography of rural migrant children in Beijing
"Space, Time, and Stuff is an attempt to show that physics is geometry: that the fundamental structure of the physical world is purely geometrical structure. Along the way, he examines some non-standard views about the structure of spacetime and its inhabitants, including the idea that space and time are pointless, the idea that quantum mechanics is a completely local theory, the idea that antiparticles are just particles travelling back in time, and the idea that time has no structure whatsoever. The main thrust of the book, however, is that there are good reasons to believe that spaces other than spacetime exist, and that it is the existence of these additional spaces that allows one to reduce all of physics to geometry. Philosophy, and metaphysics in particular, plays an important role here: the assumption that the fundamental laws of physics are simple in terms of the fundamental physical properties and relations is pivotal."--P. [4] of cover.
A dynamic systems approach to the development of cognition and action
Multimodal representation and intermodal similarity : cues of space in the audio description of film
Making space : how the brain knows where things are
Spatial cognition, spatial perception : mapping the self and space
Depth perception in tablet-based augmented reality at medium- and far-field distances
Interactions of the processing of letters and speech sounds as reflected by event-related brain potentials
Knowledge under construction : the importance of play in developing children's spatial and geometric thinking
Map-reading and wayfinding
Space, time, & stuff
First-person methods : toward an empirical phenomenology of experience
Statistics for spatio-temporal data
The dynamic body in space : developing Rudolf Laban's ideas for the 21st century : presentations from the Laban International Conference, October 24-26 2008
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Robotics and cognitive approaches to spatial mapping
Action and thought : from sensomotor schemes to symbolic operations
Even if you've never touched a 3D printer, these projects will excite and empower you to learn new skills, extend your current abilities, and awaken your creative impulses. Each project uses a unique combination of electronics, hand assembly techniques, custom 3D-printed parts, and software, while teaching you how to think through and execute your own ideas. Written by the founder of Printrbot, his staff, and veteran DIY authors, this book of projects exemplifies the broad range of highly personalized, limit-pushing project possibilities of 3D printing when combined with affordable electronic components and materials. In Make: 3D Printing Projects, you'll: Print and assemble a modular lamp that's suitable for beginners--and quickly gets you incorporating electronics into 3D-printed structures. Learn about RC vehicles by fabricating--and driving--your own sleek, shiny, and fast Inverted Trike. Model a 1950s-style Raygun Pen through a step-by-step primer on how to augment an existing object through rapid prototyping. Fabricate a fully functional, battery-powered screwdriver, while learning how to tear down and reconstruct your own tools. Get hands-on with animatronics by building your own set of life-like mechanical eyes. Make a Raspberry Pi robot that rides a monorail of string, can turn corners, runs its own web server, streams video, and is remote-controlled from your phone. Build and customize a bubble-blowing robot, flower watering contraption, and a DIY camera gimbal.
Cognitive biology : evolutionary and developmental perspectives on mind, brain, and behavior
Integrating gestures : the interdisciplinary nature of gesture
From mental imagery to spatial cognition and language : essays in honour of Michel Denis
Thinking visually
The expressive moment is that point in time when we grasp a situation and respond quickly, even before we are aware of it. In this book, Marc Leman argues that expression drives this kind of interaction, and he proposes a general framework for understanding expressive interactions. He focuses on the dynamic, fast, and pre-reflective processes underlying our interactions with music whether we are playing an instrument, dancing, listening, or using new interactive technologies. Music offers a well-established domain for studying these fast and interactive processes, and Leman argues that understanding the power of expressive interaction through music may help us understand cognitive processing in other domains, including language, human action coordination, human-animal interaction, and human-machine interaction.
Persistence and spacetime
Origins of the sex differences in handedness and mental rotation ability : genetic, environmental and hormonal effects
The image and the eye : further studies in the psychology of pictorial representation / E.H. Gombrich
The construal of spatial meaning : windows into conceptual space
The past hidden in our genes : combining archaeological and genetic methodology: prehistoric population bottlenecks in Finland
Cognitive mapping : past, present and future
Art in motion : Motor skills, motivation, and musical practice
