http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25774 young stands
young stands
The doomsday code
The key
Forecasting probability distributions of forest yield allowing for Bayesian approach to management planning
Sustaining young forest communities : ecology and management of early successional habitats in the central hardwood region, USA
Forest school for all
Buried thunder
In the dark, in the woods
here is evidence that moose are attracted to fertile growth habitats apparently due to better quality and larger quantities of food. The nutrients in mineral soils originate from the weathering of bedrock and the composition of parental bedrock affects the fertility of produced mineral soil, thus affecting also the import of nutrients into the whole food web. We surveyed the connection between moose damage in forest plantations and the composition of bedrock and surficial deposits in Finnish Lapland. We used a database of compensated moose damage in private forests in years 1997−2010. Undamaged stands in National Forest Inventories (NFI) from years 1986-2008 served as a control data and moose-damaged NFI-stands as a reference data. Bedrock and surficial depositions and the location of studied stands in relation to ancient shorelines were explored by using the digital databases of the Geological Survey of Finland. Moose-damaged stands were concentrated in southwestern and east Lapland in the areas of the Peräpohja Schist Belt and Lapland's Greenstone Belt that are both composed of nutrient-rich rocks. The bedrock of damaged stands contained a higher proportion of mafic and alkaline rocks than did the control stands. Moose-damaged stands were pine-dominated and grew in more fertile forest sites than did control stands. Part of pine stands probably located in soils formerly occupied by spruce, which may increase the stands' vulnerability to biotic threats. Especially, there were relatively more moose damage in pine plantations regenerated on fine-grained mineral soils derived from nutrient rich rocks than in less fertile soils.
Effects of bedrock and surficial deposit composition on moose damage in young forest stands in Finnish Lapland
From Joensuu to the world
Opportunities for cost mitigation and efficiency improvements through rationalization of small-diameter energy wood supply chains
Parental knowledge and family atmosphere in relation to children's socioemotional behavior
Structure and growth of some young Scots pine stands : dimensional and numerical relationships
Fighting for the rain forest : war, youth & resources in Sierra Leone
Methodology for choice of harvesting system for energy wood from early thinning
The cabin in the woods : the official movie novelization
Stand characteristics and external quality of young Scots pine stands in Finland
Young people's perceptions of the wood products industry : a relational view
Bioenergy knowledge, perceptions, and attitudes among young citizens : from cross-national surveys to conceptual model
Comparison of two working methods for small tree harvesting with a multi tree felling head mounted on farm tractor
