http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2579 content
content
Information content of earnings : Finnish cross industry evidence
Reflections of Online Assessment Between BEng Programmes at the Dawn of Digitalization : a Case Study of Online Assessment of Mathematics Programmes in Two Partner Institutions
Impact of Enhanced Content Creation in Digital PR
Richard Wagner, Rudolf Steiner & allegories of the ring : from the mundane to the esoteric
The player's game : towards understanding player production among computer game culture
Practical nurses' work role and workplace ethos in an era of austerity
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (7), Collectors : Tt/mZ
Handbook : language in content instruction
Development of job descriptions for soft service positions
Abstract: Dental hygienists' contents of work nationally and internationally : literature review.
Job power : blue and white collar democracy
Slogans of change : three outlook on Finnish television context
Safe and efficient hypertext transfer protocol browsing project
The information content of quarterly financial reports: evidence from China
Intellectual generals of general intellect / Pierre Guillet de Monthoux
Knowledge conversions in knowledge work : a descriptive case study
Diaconia barometer 2016 : findings in brief
The performing school : managing, teaching and learning in a performance culture
Getting StartED building websites
Audience as clicks : Web analytic tools in Finnish online newsrooms
Eating on air
Article 27 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Internet : a study evaluating role of prosumers, authors and corporations in the information society
The mobile revolution : the making of mobile services worldwide
Selecting effective marketing communication media and content : case: Riista magazine
Job satisfaction at Kymppi-Eristys Oy
The end-user revolution : CD-ROM, Internet and the changing role of the information professional
How to blog for profit without selling your soul
Content-based design engineering thinking : in the search for approach
From managing the phones, coordinating meetings, and preparing presentations to planning events, crafting clear business communications, and deciphering legal documents, administrative assistants need to be everything to everyone, all the time.
I'm good at geography : what job can I get?
Gestural expressions in use for unveiling dynamic experience attributed to verbs
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (3), Collectors : I-L
The owner-managers of social care companies : the content of work and work-related well-being
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
Increasing the Attractiveness and Visibility of Educational In-stitutions Using Modern Marketing Channels : Case: Fontys Minor program
Digital decisions : how digital signage networks generate profit
Digital sub-editing and design
The future of work : a guide to a changing society
Introduction to social work
Peer interactions in new content and language integrated settings
From Gutenberg to Zuckerberg : what you really need to know about the Internet
Goodbye Gutenberg : the newspaper revolution of the 1980's
Against the easy assurance of a too-enculturated religion, Walter Brueggemann refocuses the preaching task around the decentering, destabilizing, always risky Word that confronts us in Scripture - if we have the courage to hear.
"In recent years, building a corporate online presence has become nonnegotiable for businesses, as consumers expect to connect with them in as many ways as possible. There are benefits to companies that use online technology, but there are risks as well. Managing Online Risk presents the tools and resources needed to better understand the security and reputational risks of online and digital activity, and how to mitigate those risks to minimize potential losses. Managing Online Risk highlights security and risk management best practices that address concerns such as data collection and storage, liability, recruitment, employee communications, compliance violations, security of devices (in contexts like mobile, apps, and cloud computing), and more. Additionally, this book offers a companion website that was developed in parallel with the book and includes the latest updates and resources for topics covered in the book"--
Administrative assistant's and secretary's handbook
What's next, Gen X? : keeping up, moving ahead, and getting the career you want
A way of working
Finnish summary.
Fundamentals of curriculum development
Capturing retail customers' attention with Digital Signage : guides for designing the Digital Signage advertising content and locating digital displays in retail environment
The art of teaching music
The degradation of work? : skill, deskilling and the labour process
The impermanence agent : project and context
Disciplining the arts : teaching entrepreneursship in context
The Kalevala's contents
Future of internet news portals after the case of Delfi
Becoming a midwife
Job control as a predictor of mental and cardiovascular health : a prospective multicohort study
Substance and attribute : Western and Islamic traditions in dialogue
Changes in personal work goals in relation to the psychosocial work environment: A two-year follow-up study
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
The man on the assembly line
Global content marketing : how to create great content, reach more customers, and build a worldwide marketing strategy that works
Techno-economic analysis of Internet content delivery
The esoteric Wagner : an introduction to Der Ring des Nibelungen / Michael Besack
Valuable content marketing : how to make quality content your key to success
Abstract: The thesis studied rich media Internet applications, especially with regard to collaborative services in social media. The various types of existing and potential content and their production processes were investigated. In addition, the applicable technical solutions for producing rich multimedia online were discovered. The field was studied by examining previous research and the views of influential thinkers about the subject. As a case study, the production of a website consisting of various social media elements was examined, and the results verified many of the findings in secondary research. The site included an example of a more innovative rich media application, and experiences from its production process were used to define guidelines for the production of similar services in the future. The project corroborated the view that the user base of social media is heavily segmented, and a small minority typically produces the vast majority of content. A smaller minority participates less, whereas most users tend to be mainly passive. Therefore, if a service aims to reach large amounts of users, the provision of several levels of participation activity was recommended in the thesis. On the technical side, modern open source solutions were found to integrate well into rich media productions, while the use of Adobe Flash technology continues to be necessary for the implementation of certain features.
Reflections of online assessment between BEng programmes at the dawn of digitalization - A case study of online assessment of mathematics programmes in two partner institutions
Implementing SAP Courses into the International Business Degree Programme
Capturing retail customers' attention with Digital Signageguides for designing the Digital Signage advertising content and locating digital displays in retail environment /
I'm good at history : what job can I get?
Diaconal workers : alongsiders or dumpsters?
Foundation Flash CS5 for designers
Content, channels and audiences in the new millennium : interaction and interrelations
Some students think that online assessment is not a true reflection of their work effort. This paper reports on a collaborative international project within two higher education institutions to research issues of student perception of effort in online assessment. The students participated in completion of questionnaires and a sample was selected to participate in focus group discussion. Evidence from the data suggests that students, have preconceived ideas about assessment, may be uncomfortable with new forms of assessment, and are unsure about how they should interact with online assessment systems. The research indicates that perceptions of effort and reward as seen by students is at variance with those held by teachers. The study offers a brief insight into the thinking of students at first year of study in engineering. It may be suggested that alternative approaches to curriculum and pedagogical design are necessary to alleviate student concerns.
Lesson plan and course material organization
The word militant : preaching a decentering word
Enterprise content strategy : a project guide
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Abstract: The change of the dental hygienist's workprofile according to the changes on the public dental healthcare in the East-Finland.
Introduction to documentary production : a guide for media students
e-Research : transformation in scholarly practice
Index to The Wilson authors series
"The first curricular-focused outdoor learning textbook for prospective and practising K-12 teachers, this book provides both academic justification and practical support for educators working in a wide variety of environments and with diverse populations of students to incorporate more meaningful outdoor learning opportunities into their daily teaching activities. Learning Outside the Classroom is not a set of prescriptive activities that can be read and used uncritically. The idea of adaptation for personal relevance is central. All teachers are capable of enhancing their students' learning experiences by systematically and progressively incorporating ventures outside the classroom into their lessons. The principles and examples presented in this book are intended to be adapted by teachers to suit the needs of their students in ways that draw upon content offered by the local landscape and its natural and built heritage. Nor is this book just about outdoor learning; it's about good teaching -- wherever it takes place. It is about helping teachers devise and use the tools with which they can address the largely uncontested assumption that legitimate learning only occurs within four walls. Learning outside the classroom affords teachers the privilege of helping and the joy of observing students in a process of intellectual, emotional, and social growth that can last a lifetime"-- Provided by publisher.
Dielectric characterization of powdery substances using an indirectly coupled open-ended coaxial cavity resonator
Content computing : advanced workshop on content computing, AWCC 2004, ZhenJiang, JiangSu, China, November 15-17, 2004 : proceedings
Experiencing European Facility Management Conference 2010 : the search of the current facility management topics
Type : hot designers make cool fonts
Designing web usability : [the practice of simplicity]
The doorman = Vahtimestari
Weighted Hardy inequalities beyond Lipschitz domains
Perspectives on Digital Content Markets: A Literature Review of Trends in Technologies, Business and Consumer Behaviour
Lesson plan and course material organisation
The creative industries : culture and policy
Seamless user-oriented content sharing
The hutchinson directory of web sites
Multinational firms and job tasks
The web content style guide : an essential reference for online writers, editors and managers
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (2), Collectors : E-H
And what do you do? : 10 steps to creating a portfolio career
National core curriculum for upper secondary schools 2003 : national core curriculum for general upper secondary education intended for young people
Business and technical aspects of mobile peer-to-peer social networks
Experiences : the 7th era of marketing
Inbound marketing in practice : Case study: Lainaaja.fi
Understanding the global TV format
Trivial stories and fancy pictures? : tabloidization tendencies in Finnish and Swedish regional and national newspapers 1982-1997
Teacher's work in the Kemi-Tornio polytechnic
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (5), Collectors : N-R
Foundations for Syriac lexicography I : colloquia of the International Syriac Language Project
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (1), Collectors : A-D
Television is the new television : the unexpected triumph of old media in the digital age
Where is similarity?
Learning outside the classroom : theory and guidelines for practice
Web content delivery
Work and non-work : on work and meaning
How to Improve Online Presence by Using Content Marketing
"This book outlines best practices for conducting and executing content strategy projects. It is a step-by-step guide to building an enterprise content strategy for your organization"--Publisher's description.
The motivation to work
Media literacy
European management assistants : Work, challenges and the future
Engage Customers Around the World with Cross-Regional Content Marketing, Technology has virtually erased national borders, forever transforming the way we reach and engage customers, as well as the way we search for and consume content. Global Content Marketing takes you step-by-step through the process of creating and refining your strategies to meet this new reality. Learn How To: Create content that engages people-regardless of their country and culture, Identify key actions and strategies to apply to your projects, Connect "dots" that others don't see and connect them in ways you never thought of before Book jacket.
Trade schools, universities, and programs for international students have begun to experiment with Content and Language Integrated Learning (CLIL) as a viable pedagogy for instruction, as the pedagogy of CLIL increasingly gains recognition as a practical form of language and content education in Europe and beyond, and its application in instructional settings becomes more diverse. Corresponding with CLIL's growth, this book focuses on foreign language use during peer interactions in a new CLIL setting. It particularly concentrates on how to conduct research when the focus is on learner interactions. The theoretical background, research methods, and research instruments are explained in a brief and understandable manner. This book is intended for those interested in CLIL and peer interactions and includes a framework and ideas for investigating new CLIL contexts in a practical manner allowing undergraduate and graduate students to conduct their own research in these settings.
The role of the adult in early years settings
Diaconal workers - alongsiders or dumpsters?
Managing online risk : apps, mobile, and social media security
Tabloidization of International News : a content analysis of news coverage in the Globe and Mail and Toronto Star
Animator perspective to animation in advertising
Combining lean thinking and agile software development:how do software-intensive companies use them in practice?
Perceptual contents : a study on the nature of the contents of perceptual experience
Tables of composition and nutritional values of organically produced feed materials for pigs and poultry
Seamless user-generated content sharing in the extended home
Innovative performance support : strategies and practices for learning in the workflow
Ecommerce inbound marketing : how to sell better than Amazon
Similarity and difference in translation : proceedings of the International Conference on Similarity and Translation, Bible House, New York City, May 31 - June 1, 2001
Dilbert gives you the business : a Dilbert book
Collaborative creation of advanced content in social media services
Abstract (1 s.).
The truth about middle managers: who they are, how they work, why they matter
Museum24 : collaborative writing as a method in local cultural heritage preservation
Market a business by creating and sharing valuable content which gets the message across in the right way to attract more clients and customers.
Citizen marketers : when people are the message
European management assistants : work, challenges and the future
