http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25745 feathers
feathers
Bird coloration. Vol. 2, Function and evolution
Maintenance of phenotypic variation in plumage colouration in a passerine bird
Current ornithology. Vol. 12
Male ornamentation and immune function in two species of passerines
Seventeen short chapters with engaging narrative and lots of photos with information-packed captions illustrate the mechanisms by which birds produce the characteristic and sometimes brilliant coloration of their feathers and other body parts.
Diet X hybrid interactions in large groups of laying hens
Consequences of pollution-related carotenoid limitation in birds
Ptilochronology : feather time and the biology of birds
The civilization of the South American Indians : with special reference to magic and religion
The civilization of the South American Indians, with special reference to magic and religion
Tracks & signs of the birds of Britain & Europe
Feathery creatures
Phylogeny and signal diversity in widowbirds and bishops (Euplectes spp.)
Avian biology. 9
National Geographic bird coloration
Goose production
Wild: fashion untamed
Feathers : identification for bird conservation
A biologist presents the natural history of feathers, applying the findings of paleontologists, ornithologists, biologists, engineers, and art historians to answer questions about the origin of feathers, their evolution, and their uses throughout the ages.
Arts of the Amazon
Flying dinosaurs : how fearsome reptiles became birds
Sorsien sulkimisesta - Moult of Dabbling Ducks
Ornament and body size variation in some African passerine birds
Bird coloration. Vol. 1, Mechanisms and measurements
Feathers : the evolution of a natural miracle
Scarlet Feather
Development and maintenance of quality indicators in pheasants
The molecular mechanisms and evolutionary significance of plumage colour variation in pied flycatchers (Ficedula hypoleuca)
Craft from natural materials
Scarlet feather
The effects of enhanced immunocompetence on growth and plumage colouration of blue tit offspring
