http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25706 cooperation with companies
cooperation with companies
Agglomeration in a core-periphery model with vertically and horizontally integrated firms
The skynet of the project world : the road to more profitable development operations
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
Vertical supply, foreclosure and overbuying
Best practices for co-operation between vocational education and nature-based enterprises : Envolwe (Nature Based Entrepreneurs and Vocational Education Training Providers Learning and Working Together), best practice report
Novel approach to organize higher education in regional units
The entrepreneurial university : context and institutional change
What is the role of a cluster in the business co-operation development?
The manager as negotiator : bargaining for cooperation and competitive gain
Research publication 2013
Identification of characteristics for successful university-company partnership development
Alliance management : a view from the past and a look to the future
The key activities of partnership development in China : a study of Sino-Finnish partnerships
Coordination for shared knowledge creation in the development and management of inter-organizational business processes
The industries of the future
Catching up with competitiveness in emerging markets : an analysis of the role of the firm's technology management strategies
Interfaces, Standards and Code lists in Data communication between Authorities : Helsinki–St. Petersburg Smart Transport Corridor
MNC's coopetition strategy with host government in emerging market
Innovation Environments of Opposite Natures: Commercialisation of Innovations Through Finnish-Russian Cooperation
Essays on team cooperation and firm performance
Outsourcing marketing – expectations and defining the roles of the participants
Development of cooperation in Latin America : Collaboration in education, research and business - opening up new opportunities
Business and European integration since 1800 : regional, national and international perspectives
Practices in cooperation between universities and businesses
Collaborative entrepreneurship : how communities of networked firms use continuous innovation to create economic wealth
Strategic divide management in pharmaceutical alliances : a partner's strategic evolution as a reason for strategic divide
Strategies of co-operation : managing alliances, networks and joint ventures
Bear meets dragon : Cooperation between the companies from Pori region and People's Republic of China
The need and importance of outsourcing for small and medium sized companies : case "PAQUS"
Interorganizational marketing exchange : metatheoretical analysis of dominant research approaches
Business in networks
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Formation of non-profit cross-sector collaboration
Commitment in Finnish-Japanese strategic alliances
Trust in a product development context : drivers, dynamics and consequences
EU-Russia cooperation : mutual benefits for SMEs in framework programs
International Strategic Alliance Model : - A study of a Finnish construction company, Fira Oy, entering a new market.
Today greater responsibilities are being put on regions to shape their own future. Thus, different kinds of regional collaboration arenas have emerged and an increasing number of regional collaboration projects are now crossing both county and nation borders. The object of interest in this study is the Bothnian Arc project. This project involves municipalities on the Swedish and the Finnish side of the Gulf of Bothnia. The aim has been to analyse opinions and experiences of Swedish actors regarding the Bothnian Arc as a region-strengthening project. The article is based on interviews with fourteen municipality representatives and a questionnaire answered by approximately 300 firm managers within the Bothnian Arc area.The Bothnian Arc is essentially a political project and this study shows that the policy creating institutions have not succeeded in transferring ideas and objectives to firms within the area. In fact, only 30 per cent of the firm managers were familiar with the project. More concrete projects adapted to firm interests were required by a few of the municipality representatives. Moreover, the municipalities closest to the Finnish border are more active and involved both on municipal and firm level. This tendency is primarily due to already existing traditions of collaboration with Finnish actors.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Many people have great ideas. Without the necessary skills and means most never get to realize them. If they could cooperate with competent firms and entrepreneurs together both could achieve much and this is increasingly happening. Mechanisms are being established making a division of labour between inventors and implementers a reality. This is changing the nature of innovation from an internal R&D, or purely entrepreneurial attempt, to a more cooperative innovation. An Idea Economy emerges, where anyone has the possibility to profit from their ideas, and everyone will benefit from more and better innovation. This book presents us the emergence and structure of the Idea Economy by extending the seminal concepts of Entrepreneurial Society and Open Innovation. Part I describes the big picture on how innovation is evolving, where we are today, and what an Idea Economy will look like. Part II points the way forward, discussing in detail on how cooperation in the innovation process works, and why this is only recently becoming possible.
Growth partnering : how to manage strategic alliances for mutual profit
The effects of R&D cooperation and labour mobility on innovation
The Need and Importance of Outsourcing for Small and Medium Sized Companies : case "PAQUS"
A business enabling network : a case study of a high-tech network : its concepts, elements and actors
Outcomes of interfirm co-operation
Institutionally changing business networks : an analysis of a Finnish company's operations in exporting to the Soviet Union, Russia and the Baltic States
Enhancing university - firm collaboration through an open innovation platform : a study on university - small firm collaboration based on experiences from the Plan C project
The balancing act : cooperating with competitors
Creating portal-based international business to business relationships in  retail business
Extending the business network approach : new territories, new technologies, new terms
Finding the right partner for expanding services over to the UK market : case study/action research
The impact of relational orientation to project business performance
Approaches to study joint venture as an economic decision
Creating value in nonprofit-business collaborations : new thinking and practice
Enrichment service process as a learning model
Abstract: Strategic alliance is considered today as a natural and common alternative to employ when a firm plans to enter a new market with a stable and secure basis. In fact strategic alliance is more preferred entry option compared to acquisitions around the world across all industries. In alliances, like in all international operations there are risks, however many theorists as well as companies have understood the value of operating with a partner. Fira Oy (further referred to as 'Fira'), a construction firm in Finland has realised the potential in new markets and has decided to execute this prospect through strategic alliance with a local partner. Fira has done market research particularly in the Swedish market. It is a usual path for a Finnish company to expand its operations into the neighbouring economy. Alliances have been studied theoretically and practically for years, yet still no clear model for success exists. This research ties the theoretical points of view with practise together to advice Fira in entering a new market through strategic alliance. The framework for the research is organised in the following manner: Different theoretical strategic alliance modes are compared to find the most suitable for Fira and its operations. The second part of the research is to construct a partner profile by analysing the strategic and cultural characteristics of Fira. A cultural analysis is conducted to show the viewpoint of the employees toward Fira's company culture. From the results a partner culture fitting Fira is identified. The profile includes the strategic goals as well as the strategic capabilities the partner has to have. The strategic capabilities are discovered through a value chain analysis. Furthermore, the complementary capabilities to be performed by the partner for the alliance are determined. The final part of this research is risk in alliances. As mentioned above, there is risk in all international operations. In alliances companies often think it is reduced by half since the partner is responsible for half of the risk. However, risks often increase in other operational and environmental elements, making the risk factor one of the most significant factors to be considered when entering an alliance. The objective of this research is to construct a strategic alliance model for Fira, a construction business entering the Swedish market. The framework forms a basis for any international strategic alliance Fira considers to join in the future.
Rapid productisation process : managing an unexpected product increment
Startup communities : building an entrerpreneurial ecosystem in your city
Towards virtual software configuration management : a case study
Knowledge interaction between manufacturers and research organisations for building product innovations : an exploratory case study
Developing relationships in business networks
Open innovation community for cross-disciplinary research collaboration : scenarios for the Biomimetic Design Lab (BiDL) at Tongji University
Contributing pioneering new research, this innovative book proposes new ways and directions in which to extend the influential business networks perspective approach to doing business. While previous research has focused upon relationships with customers and suppliers, the authors argue that there is a need to expand the outlook to include other stakeholders. Taking a stand in a broad management perspective, chapters relate contemporary issues within industrial and international marketing, product innovation, and information systems. Challenging existing views and proposing elaborate alternatives; this volume examines a range of examples that have inspired researchers to extend the business network. To provide further understanding, Extending the Business Network Approach relates current and new research to territories, technologies and terms to reveal novel insights, and to encourage further directions for research.
Partnering as a strategy to approach new markets : case Anders Inno
Building a Collaborative Network for Smooth Market Penetration for Finnish Bioenergy Companies in Africa : Case: MHG Systems Oy/Feedstock Optimum Ltd
Ozi ́s Bed and Breakfast : a case of translation
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
Open innovation : new product development essentials from the PDMA
For the Good of All : Integrating corporate social responsibility into the business strategy of small and medium sized enterprises in Finland: CASE: Oy Vallila Interior Ab
Enhancing innovation capability and business opportunities : cases of SME-oriented applied research
Collaborative branding
Cross-border collaboration in the North. Viewpoints of municipal representatives and firm managers on the Bothnian Arc project
University technology transfer : the globalization of academic innovation
Commitment and efficiency in research joint ventures
Privatization, vulnerability, and social responsibility : a comparative perspective
Advantages and disadvantages of international  contract manufacturing : The opportunities for Finnish companies in Russia
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Is the single firm vanishing? : inter-enterprise networks, labour and labour institutions
Power of growth in the Learning and Competence Creating Ecosystem : Learning and Competence Creating Ecosystem - LCCE®
Cooperation between Higher Education Institutions and Businesses
Knowledge transfer in requirements engineering in collaborative product development
International Strategic Alliance Model : A study of a Finnish construction company, Fira Oy, entering a new market
Social Service Entrepreneurship As a Context for Entrepreneurial Activity
Postmodern management : the emerging partnership between employees and stockholders
Alliance advantage : the art of creating value through partnering
Bear meets Dragon : Cooperation and cross-cultural communication between the companies from Northern Satakunta and People's republic of China
Industrial networks : a new view of reality
The development and management of interpersonal trust in a business network in health, exercise, and wellbeing markets
Open innovation through strategic alliances : approaches for product, technology, and business model creation
Innofun : creating and piloting digital pitch video concept
Developing and establishing a blogger outreach strategy : case ElämysLahjat.fi
Shenzhen and Hong Kong : competitiveness and co-operation in technology
Managing complex networks : strategies for the public sector
Partnerships for profit : structuring and managing strategic alliances
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
Bringing communities together : connecting learners with scientists or technologists
Practical skills, education and development : vocational education and training in Finland
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Managing the multibusiness company : strategic issues for diversified groups
Debate : development of the European business adviser training and exchange : Finland, Estonia, Hungary, Italy, Latvi[j]a, Sweden : Interreg III -project 2005-2007
Outcomes of interfirm co-operation : a case study of four subcontractors
Strategies for joint ventures
Universities, funding systems, and the renewal of the industrial knowledge base : UNI project findings
Making open innovation work
International business meets student potential : Best practices from the ETENE! -project
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
A theory of efficient cooperation and competition
Co-branding through successful partner selection : case Royal Philips Electronics
Incomlete contracting in a research joint venture : micronas-case
Corporate strategy in the age of responsibility
Rethinking business to business marketing
Innovation Through Cooperation : The Emergence of an Idea Economy
Strategic flexibility : managing in a turbulent environment
Small Business Act in practice in the Baltic Sea states
Educational export in the Oulu Region : possibilities and advancement
Creative steps 2.0 : step by step guidelines to business idea
Risks and risk management in buyer-supplier relationships : case studies on industrial supplier networks and public-private relationship
On trust in entrepreneurial networks
Efficient governance of interorganizational business relationships
Toward a conceptual understanding of the antecedents of strategic alliances
As the era of ever expanding markets and ample resources ends, governments and business will have to behave differently. The world is facing weak economic growth, limits to affordable resources and increasing concerns about environmental consequences. During the boom times, governments championed de-regulation and business responded by adopting an anything-goes attitude. In these straitened times, strategic analysis has to engage with the challenges that society faces to create resilient corporations fit for the 21st century.In Corporate strategy in the Age of Responsibility, Peter McManners, who has for nine years run strategy workshops on the Henley MBA focusing on the global business environment, sets about providing a strategic framework for navigating the new economic environment. Chief Sustainability Officers (CSOs) now exist, but they struggle to find the strategic rationale for the improvements they champion. The author argues that their good intentions often lack traction, partly because others in management don't get it, but also because they are not ambitious enough. The book is not about preaching semi-charitable behaviour or how to enhance the reputation of the corporation instead it is about surviving and thriving in a challenging and changing environment. A corporate audience familiar with strategy books will relate to this book, but will find it steers them towards radically new strategic thinking suitable for a turbulent period of transition.
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Conscription of Network Business Models
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Collaboration between nonprofits and businesses is a necessary component of strategy and operations. Creating Value in Nonprofit-Business Collaborations: New Thinking & Practice provides breakthrough thinking about how to conceptualize and realize collaborative value.
Rise and fall of national forestry network in postwar Finland
Achieving strategic advantages in buyer-supplier relationships
Why are these islands of conscious power found in the ocean of ownership? : institutional and governance hypotheses explaining the existence of business groups in Sweden
Exchanging experiences of technology partnership : papers prepared for the Meeting of Experts on Technology Partnership for Capacity-building and Competitiveness, and recommendations (Helsinki, Finland, 10-12 April 1996)
Combi2011 : conference proceedings
Endogenous industry structure in vertical duopoly
The internet of things shapes industrial ecosystems (English Summary)
"Summer in space 2014" : digital business development course
International business : the new realities
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Measuring Interpersonal Communication Competence in SME internationalzation
Strategic networks : creating the borderless organization
Cultivating entrepreneurial regions - cases and studies from the network project 'Baltic Entrepreneurship Partners' (BEPART)
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Aalto University Design Factory in the eyes of its community
The formation of inter-organizational networks
Cooperatives as a tool for poverty reduction and promoting business in Tanzania
