http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25793 saline soils
saline soils
Influence of colonization by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi on three strawberry cultivars under salty conditions
Physical aspects of soil water salts in ecosystems
The role of trees in sustainable agriculture : review papers presented at the Australian conference, Albury, Victoria, Australia, October 1991
Susceptibility of copper to general and pitting corrosion in saline groundwater
Soil ciliates (Protozoa, Ciliophora) from Namibia (Southwest Africa), with emphasis on two contrasting environments, the Etosha Region and the Namib Desert. Part 2, Photographs
Plant stress physiology
Saline and sodic soils : principles, dynamics, modeling
Salt groundwater in the nordic countries : proceedings of a workshop, Saltsjöbaden, Sweden, September 30-October 1, 1992
An introduction into applied soil hydrology
Arid zone forestry : a guide for field technicians
Biodrainage : principles, experiences and applications
Salinity and aridity : new approaches to old problems
Chemical mobility and reactivity in soil systems : proceedings of a symposium
Activities of carbonic anhydrase, catalase and ACC oxidace of mung bean (Vigna radiata) are differentially affected by salinity stress
Seed germination and seedling growth of Suaeda salsa under salt stress
Salinity in soil and in Atriplex spp. under brackish water irrigation in southern Morocco
Crop production in saline environments : global and integrative perspectives
Saline agriculture in the Arabian Peninsula : management of marginal lands and saline water resources
Halophytic, desert and semi-desert plant communities on the territory of the former USSR
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Managing Greenhouse Crops in Saline Environment : Pisa (Italy), 9-12 July 2003
Wheat seed priming in relation to salt tolerance : growth, yield and levels of free salicylic acid and polyamines
Saline irrigation for agriculture and forestry
Plant Stress Biology : from Genomics to Systems Biology
Trees for rural Australia
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Techniques to Control Salination for Horticultural Productivity : Antalya, Turkey, 7-10 November, 2000
Environmental soil chemistry
Chemical properties of air-dried samples from an unlimed and limed acid sulphate soil profile and leaching of elements from the profiles
European solonetz soils and their reclamation
Salt affected soils in Europe
Plant adaptation to hyperosmotic environments is generally associated with reduced growth and ultimately yield loss, making farming difficult. The potential of mycorrhizal symbioses to alleviate salt stress has been documented and benefits to plant revealed to be specific and dependent to both plant cultivars and fungal strains.  A factorial greenhouse experiment was performed to determine the effects of three arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) species (Funneliformis caledonius, F. mosseae and Rhizophagus irregularis) on three "day-neutral" strawberry (Fragaria × ananassa Duch.) cultivars ("Albion", "Charlotte" and "Seascape"), and a mixture of R. irregularis and F. mosseae on "Seascape", under four salt conditions (0-200 mM NaCl).  The overall results showed that plant biomass decreased with increasing salinity.  The cultivars responded differently to both AMF and salinity, and "Seascape" was more tolerant to salinity than the other cultivars.  AMF enhanced plant growth and improved salt tolerance by increasing the proportion of medium (0.5<ɸ≤1.5 mm) and coarse (ɸ>1.5 mm) diameter roots. The mixture of two AMF species increased root and shoot mass to a higher degree than each species alone at low salinity (0-50 mM) but reduced fruit quality.  At higher levels (100-200 mM), R. irregularis alleviated salt stress and improved fruit quality to a higher degree than the other AMF species.  Our results support the use of bio-inoculants in saline horticultural areas.  Because cultivars respond differently to fungal inoculants, and inoculants prefer specific environmental conditions, fungal inoculants need to be screened on a cultivar- and condition-specific basis.
Salt-affected soils and their management
Advances in the assessment and monitoring of salinization and status of biosaline agriculture : report of an expert consultation held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, 26-29 November 2007.
Soil ciliates (Protozoa, Ciliophora) from Namibia (Southwest Africa), with emphasis on two contrasting environments, the Etosha Region and the Namib Desert. Part 1, Text and line drawings
Effects of salinity on growth of Acacia mangium Willd. inoculated with root-nodule bacteria
Playas and dried lakes : occurrence and development
Salinity effects in Eucalyptus camaldulensis and Combretum quadrangulare : ecophysiological and morphological studies
Soil salinity under irrigation : processes and management
Drainage principles and applications
