http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25770 plate tectonics
plate tectonics
When did plate tectonics begin on planet Earth?
Summary: "Active Faults of the World There is an ever increasing need for a better understanding of regional seismic hazards, particularly in developing parts of the world where major building projects are planned and there is a huge migration of people to large cities that are at risk from earthquakes. Disasters in recent times, such as the earthquakes in Japan and Haiti, are chilling proof of the dangers of building in active fault zones"--.
Active faults of the world
The Earth system
Orogenesis : the making of mountains
Earth accretionary systems in space and time
Antarctic earth science : Proceedings of the fourth international symposium on antarctic earth sciences, held at the university of Adelaide, South Australia, 16 to 20 August 1982.
"Orogenesis, the process of mountain building, occurs when two tectonic plates collide - either forcing material upwards to form mountain belts such as the Alps or Himalayas or causing one plate to be subducted below the other, resulting in volcanic mountain chains such as the Andes. Integrating the approaches of structural geology and metamorphism, this book provides an up-to-date overview of orogenic research and an introduction to the physico-chemical properties of mountain belts. Global examples are explored, the interactioning roles of temperature and deformation in the orogenic process are reviewed, and important new concepts such as channel flow are explained. This book provides a valuable introduction to this fast-moving field for advanced undergraduate and graduate students of structural geology, plate tectonics and geodynamics, and will also provide a vital overview of research for academics and researchers working in related fields including petrology geochemistry and sedimentology"--
Ocean worlds : the story of seas on Earth and other planets
The key to earth history : an introduction to stratigraphy
Quantitative thermochronology : numerical methods for the interpretation of thermochronological data
Quantitative Thermochronology presents a range of numerical modeling techniques to allow the physical implications of isotopic age data to be explored. Various solutions to the heat transfer equation are illustrated by case studies across diverse tectonic settings and boundary conditions. Additional materials, including short tutorials, are available through the internet.
Treatise on geophysics. Vol. 1, Seismology and structure of the earth
Mid-ocean ridges
Earth's evolving systems : the history of planet Earth
The evolving earth : a text in physical geology
Neoarchean sanukitoid series in the Karelian Province, Finland
Ocean ridges and trenches
Summary: "Providing the first worldwide survey of active earthquake faults, this book focuses on those described as 'seismic time bombs' - with the potential to destroy large cities in the developing world such as Port au Prince, Kabul, Tehran and Caracas. Leading international earthquake expert, Robert Yeats, explores both the regional and plate-tectonic context of active faults, providing the background for seismic hazard evaluation in planning large-scale projects such as nuclear power plants or hydroelectric dams. He also highlights work done in more advanced seismogenic countries like Japan, the United States, New Zealand and China, providing an important basis for upgrading building standards and other laws in developing nations. The book also explores the impact of major quakes on social development through history. It will form an accessible reference for analysts and consulting firms, and a convenient overview for academics and students of geoscience, geotechnical engineering and civil engineering, and land-use planning"--.
Murmurs from the deep : scientific adventure in the Caribbean
Pan-African and Red Sea tectonics of Eastern Eritrea
Special issue: the dynamic geology of Iceland
